Palanca in south-east Moldova has a population of 2,000 but is one of the main border crossings for those fleeing the war. Its mayor, Dumitru Cozlovschi, said he was proud of the way his people responded to the sudden influx of evacuees.  He said: "I was not surprised. I knew that Moldovans are kind and helpful in times of need. But I was not sure how many families could actually host somebody." In the immediate aftermath of Vladimir Putin's onslaught, the free bus system that now ferries people to Romania or larger Moldovan cities had yet to be set up. Some refugees - mostly women and children - crossed the border with no idea what their next step would be. Mr Cozlovschi began calling residents to ask whether they would take people in. Half of the remote village's 250 homes have volunteered. And since the war started 1,000 refugees have been registered as staying in Palanca for at least one or two weeks. Mr Cozlovschi said the true figure is likely to be higher.   Around 200 adult refugees and 80 children are still living in Palanca. Among them is Diana Avetisian, 20, who fled Odesa with her boyfriend and his family. They are staying at Casa Veche guesthouse, one of three in the village supported by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP). She said: "We heard the sound of bombing and decided to pack our stuff and get out." Diana's boyfriend Roman Riabykh, 25, crossed the border just an hour before men aged 18 to 60 were banned from leaving Ukraine. They were with his mum Marina Vinogridova, 44, and brother Hleb, nine.   Diana said she was grateful to be able to stay close to the border and her parents, who remain in Odesa. She added: "It's amazing. We didn't expect Moldovan people to treat us so well. Everyone seems to be so friendly, so hospitable and we were so blessed."? A GROUP of Ukrainian orphans due to fly to the UK are stuck in Poland after key paperwork was not provided in time by their government. The 52 travellers, aged two to 19, and their carers were due to fly from Warsaw to London yesterday before making their way to Scotland later in the week. Charity Dnipro Kids in Edinburgh is now looking at alternative travel options.  