Choosing the wrong colour of paint may cause problems when it comes to selling your home a property and interior design guru has warned. Home decorating expert Georgina Burnett, also known as The Home Genie, was asked about the interior trends should people avoid and why. The design guru, who is appearing at this year’s Ideal Home Show, spoke with Express.co.uk exclusively. She told Express.co.uk: "I will be talking about this in my presentation at this year’s Ideal Home Show." She advised veering away from "fashionable" colours for walls. Georgina advised: "I think simply going for a fashionable colour or style is always going to be the wrong way to go. "A room needs to make you feel good and you are unique. READ MORE: Ingenious painting trick to make rooms look bigger and less cluttered - 'colour drenching'  "So, work out how you need to feel, and which colour and style does exactly that for you. "Trends come and go, so you need to satisfy your personal needs, according to your budget." She went on: "All trends are cyclical – it won’t be long before the avocado bathroom is back in! "I think if you want to play it safe, go neutral with your walls and floors and then add fashionable colours with accessories, which can be easily and affordably changed." Fashionable colours go out of fashion just as quick as they came in. When it comes to selling a home down the line, a colour that was once a must-have could be a deal-breaker. DON'T MISS'One of the nicest kitchens ever': DIY space created with paint [PICTURES] 'A transformation and a half': Incredible DIY kitchen [PROPERTY] Stacey Solomon's £384 black toilet is a huge trend [HOMES]  This is especially true for darker colours. Buyers could be unwilling to do the extensive work needed to paint over a deep hue. Georgina detailed a huge painting mistake people make when decorating their walls. A common error is made in the process of choosing the paint and it could be costly and lengthy to fix. Georgina said: "One of the most common things I see is colour on walls chosen after simply looking at colour cards. "You need to see sample colours on all walls at all times of the day so purchase a few sample pots and paint big sheets of lining paper and use masking tape to fix them to the wall." Zoe Warren, interior design expert at PriceYourJob previously detailed the colours to avoid to Express.co.uk. Colours to avoid painting your home  Georgina detailed a huge painting mistake people make when decorating their walls. A common error is made in the process of choosing the paint and it could be costly and lengthy to fix. Georgina said: "One of the most common things I see is colour on walls chosen after simply looking at colour cards. "You need to see sample colours on all walls at all times of the day so purchase a few sample pots and paint big sheets of lining paper and use masking tape to fix them to the wall."  The Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest, the world’s longest-running home and interiors exhibition, will return to Olympia London from Friday 11th to Sunday 27th March 2022. For more information and tickets, please visit idealhomeshow.co.uk Georgina said: "I’m really looking forward to meeting visitors to see how they’ve decorated their homes. "I love helping with design queries."