High cholesterol is a very common issue throughout the world. However, because the condition can often present without any real symptoms, a person may not even know they have it until they visit their doctor. While high cholesterol doesn't usually present any symptoms, it can eventually affect the eyes. What should you look out for? The high presence of bad cholesterol in your blood can cause problems when it starts to gather in your eyes. White, grey and yellow deposits forming around the cornea may cause blurry vision or yellow bumps around the eyes. These symptoms can lead to three very serious conditions including AMD, retinal vein occlusion or corneal arcus. READ MORE: Oesophageal cancer: The peculiar sensation as if something is stuck warning of the disease  High-Density Lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) has recently been implicated in the pathogenesis of age-related macular degeneration (AMD), the leading cause of vision loss. In a study published in the International Journal of Epidemiology, this was further investigated. The study showed that high levels of plasma HDL are causally associated with an increased risk for advanced AMD in European and Asian populations. This discovery implies the strong message that strategies reducing HDL levels may be useful to prevent and treat AMD. “Individuals with vision loss from age-related macular degeneration vision appear to be just like they always were and their peripheral (side) vision is preserved, so they can walk around with little or no difficulty and may even spot a small dark button dropped on a light rug,” added Vision Aware.  Retinal artery occlusions are sudden blockages in a retinal artery that lead to visual loss. In a study published in Science Daily, high cholesterol levels were seen to be more than twice as common among patients with retinal vein occlusion. In fact, the study found a 2.5 increased risk associated with the eye condition and having high levels of cholesterol. “There is painless blurring or loss of vision. It almost always happens in just one eye,” said the Cleveland Clinic. The health site added: “At first, the blurring or loss of vision might be slight, but it gets worse over the next few hours or days. Sometimes there is a complete loss of vision almost immediately.” Corneal arcus, otherwise known as arcus senilis for seniors or arcus juvenilis for those under 40, is typically an age-related condition. It is known to create a deposit of cholesterol, phospholipids, and triglycerides in an "arc" on either the top or bottom side of the iris, inside the cornea. Corneal arcus is generally caused by lipid deposits developing on the cornea's edge, typically related to a slowdown in lipid metabolism as a person gets older. However, if it develops in a patient younger than 40, it could implicate a more serious situation. Cholesterol can be prevented with a good diet, good hydration and exercise. A healthy diet rich in fruits and vegetables will provide you with antioxidants, lutein, zeaxanthin, vitamin C and E, reducing the fat in your bloodstream, the pressure in your veins and the likelihood of developing a cloth. Experts advise to try and avoid red meats and saturated fats.  If you have any eye-related symptoms caused by high cholesterol it is important to get a blood test to check where your levels are and make the appropriate steps to lower your levels before any serious damage occurs.