The Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Power Plant in southeastern Ukraine, which maintains six nuclear reactors, was taken by the Russian military on March 4, 2022. According to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), Ukrainian officials have reported that the plant’s regular staff are continuing to operate the facility. However, all plant management activities — including technical operations relating to the safe maintenance of the nuclear reactors — now require prior approval by the commander of the controlling Russian forces in the area. This move on part of the Russians directly contravenes one of the “seven indispensable pillars of nuclear safety and security” recommended by IAEA experts earlier this month for maintaining Ukraine’s atomic power facilities in the face of the present crisis. Specifically, the authority’s third pillar advocates that: “The operating staff must be able to fulfil their safety and security duties and have the capacity to make decisions free of undue pressure.” IAEA Director General Rafael Mariano Grossi said: “I’m extremely concerned about these developments that were reported to me today. “Just a few days after I presented the seven main elements of nuclear safety and security to the IAEA Board, several of them are already being compromised. "In order to be able to operate the plant safely and securely, management and staff must be allowed to carry out their vital duties in stable conditions without undue external interference or pressure.” According to Ukraine’s nuclear regulator, operating teams at Zaporizhzhya are now working in three rotating shifts, allowing for adequate rest periods, but food supply issues are having a negative impact on staff morale. Concerns over the situation at the Zaporizhzhya nuclear facility are being heightened by the fact that Russian forces at the site appear to have this weekend cut off a number of vital communications links, including phone lines, the Internet, fax and some mobile networks. This means that reliable information on the status of the reactors is no longer being disseminated via the normal channels of communication to Ukraine’s nuclear regulator. According to the regulatory body, mobile phone communication with the power plant is still possible at present, albeit with poor call quality. This interference on the part of Russian forces contravenes another of the IAEA’s indispensable pillars of nuclear safety and security, specifically number seven: “There must be reliable communications with the regulator and others.” READ MORE: Poland 'under attack' – fears for Ukraine's neighbour over Ukraine war Director General Grossi said: “The deteriorating situation regarding vital communications between the regulator and the Zaporizhzhya nuclear power plant is also a source of deep concern.” This is especially so, he added, “during an armed conflict that may jeopardise the country’s nuclear facilities at any time. “Reliable communications between the regulator and the operator are a critical part of overall nuclear safety and security.” Communications issues notwithstanding, the Ukrainian nuclear regulator has been able to confirm that radiation levels at the Zaporizhzhya plant remain normal, despite a fire breaking out close to the reactors during the Russian assault last week. In a call with French President Emmanuel Macron, Russian President Vladimir Putin blamed the fire on a “provocation organised by Ukrainian radicals”. Of Zaporizhzhya’s six reactors, Unit 2 is reported to be operating at full capacity, with Unit 4 nearly matching it. Meanwhile, Unit 3 and Unit 6 are in a cold shutdown state, Unit 5 is cooling down in order to be placed in a cold reserve state and Unit 1 is undergoing planned maintenance which is expected to last until the middle of the year. DON'T MISS:UK, Aus and US fast-track nuclear plans in huge show of force [REPORT]Russia’s nuclear threat should be ‘taken seriously’ [ANALYSIS]Putin's plot EXPOSED as Russia to disrupt UK supply chains [INSIGHT] The regulator has also reported problems communicating with personnel at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant — the site of the 1986 disaster — with contact currently only possible by means of e-mail. According to officials, Chernobyl’s more than 200-strong complement of technical staff and guards have been unable to stand down from their roles and rotate, and thus gain vital rest, since February 23, the day before Russian forces took the site. Chernobyl is believed to be of strategic importance to the Russian army, lying as it does on the route between the Belarus–Ukraine border and the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv. Director General Grossi has said that he is ready to travel to the site in person to secure a universal commitment to the safety of all of Ukraine’s nuclear facilities. He added: “I call on those in effective control of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant to immediately allow staff there to rotate for the sake of safety and security.” According to the IAEA, communications have also been lost with all the institutions in the port city of Mariupol that use so-called Category 1-3 radiation sources, which can all cause permanent injury to those in contact with them if not secured and managed properly. Putin is reported to have agreed to engage in talks with Ukrainian officials and the IAEA to ensure the safety of nuclear facilities across Ukraine. However, Ukrainian security services have claimed that Russian forces yesterday opened fire on the Kharkiv Institute of Physics and Technology — a research facility which also houses nuclear elements. Scientists at the institute had been undertaking investigations looking to make nuclear power more safe and eco-friendly.