The Conservative MP explained the sign which shows why Russia's invasion of Ukraine is failing when he appeared on Tuesday's instalment of GB News alongside hosts Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster. Stewart told the presenters the Russian soldiers "have not been really well briefed about their mission". He also explained morale amongst the Russians is "very low" compared to the Ukrainian resistance. Holmes began: "Ukraine seems to be holding its own on many fronts which begs the question why has it been stalling for Russia? "It's all to do with the morale of the troops," Stewart replied. "What you've got is very high morale among the Ukrainian resistance and actually very low morale amongst the Russians and some of them don't even know they are in Ukraine." Holmes interjected to ask why Russian soldiers' morale would be so low compared to Ukraine's. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plans to destroy the Dingles? The veteran broadcaster added: "Is it because they don't know what the mission is?" Stewart confidently replied: "Yes, they have not been really well briefed. "One thing we used to do and one thing the British Army takes pride in is actually explaining to the soldiers exactly what they are doing and why they are there. "That has not happened to the Russians, it does not seem to be." He told Holmes and Webster to "look at the body language" of the soldiers as they were "experts" at reading it. "The Russian soldiers look lost don't they and the Ukrainian soldiers look in command," he exclaimed. Stewart explained he saw how important this was when he was in Bosnia when he had 800 soldiers under his command. DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes admits Piers Morgan is ‘much braver’ amid comparisons [UPDATE]Bitter EU infighting erupts as Zelensky calls for help - bloc split [LATEST]Kate and William praised for Ukraine support: Zelensky sends message [ROYAL FAMILY] Speaking about the Ukrainians, the 72-year-old politician added: "These people are acting relatively well because they are defending their homeland. "The question asked by people on the street to the Russian soldiers is, 'Why are you here, this is my homeland?' It's really debilitating for them." Webster explained the death toll for the Russians was "really significant" citing, 4,500 had died within the past week. "That's more than the Americans suffered in eight years in Iraq," she added.   Hundreds of civilians have been killed since Putin declared a full-scale invasion of Ukraine on Thursday which has seen Russian troops attack multiple cities. Ukraine's president Volodymyr Zelensky has said Russia had launched a total of 56 rocket strikes and fired 113 cruise missiles. On Tuesday morning, medics in Ukraine's capital city Kyiv urgently appealed for supplies as they have been running low on oxygen, medicines and vital equipment. The Great British Breakfast airs on GB News from 6am.  