With houseplants becoming more and more popular, experts at Clear It Waste Collection decided to find out which indoor plants have the best air purifying qualities. The company took to Reddit to find out which plants gardeners can’t stop talking about, which included a variety of houseplants including the Pothos plant. With more than 10,000 Reddit posts, Clear It Waste Collection found the Pothos plant to be one of the most popular indoor plants. They said: “It is known as one of the easiest to care for houseplants as it requires minimal watering. “The Pothos plant is considered one of the most effective indoor air purifiers and removes common toxins such as formaldehyde, benzene and toluene. “The plant is particularly great for darker offices, cafes and workspaces as it requires little sunlight and attention. Whilst this is considered to be one of the best low maintenance plants for air purification, be aware that it can contain toxins that are harmful to dogs and cats.” READ MORE: When to plant new potatoes - Best time for tasty harvest The second most popular plant is the Philodendron, which had more than 10,000 posts on Reddit. According to the company, it is considered an “excellent choice” for removing harmful toxins from the air, particularly formaldehyde. They added: “This makes it a great plant for a healthier home environment, and doesn’t need direct sunlight in order to grow. “This plant is toxic when ingested though, so remember to keep away from small children and pets.” DON'T MISS:Monty Don shares how to get healthy grass in March [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share tumble dryer ice cube tip to stop creasing [INSIGHT]‘Ideal’ vegetables to start sowing indoors now for tasty summer crop [EXPLAINER] Another great plant, known for being extremely low maintenance, is the Snake Plant. Snake plants are known to have a lot of health benefits, including filtering indoor air and boosting mental health, according to Clear It Waste Collection. They said: “These plants are considered lucky and reduce the risk of developing allergies and airborne diseases due to their filtration qualities. “Specifically, this is one of the few plants that convert carbon dioxide into oxygen at night and regulate airflow. “This plant is perfect for brightening up your bedroom, or even in a school environment.” Another expert also recommended the Snake Plant for its air purifying qualities. Jo Lambell, founder of Beards & Daisies, explained: “You can never go wrong with a Snake Plant, they’re one of the most laid back and relaxed plants you could own. “They thrive off neglect, so even if you forget to water them, they’ll still look after you by purifying the air within your home.” Commonly known as the mother-in-law’s tongue, the plant is known for its sword-like leaves. The expert continued: “According to NASA, the Snake Plant is one of the best plants for improving air quality. “We recommend placing it on your bedside table to help you drift off into a blissful slumber at night.” The Peace Lily houseplant, known for its bright white flowers, is also great for purifying the air. It helps to filter indoor air as well as increasing the levels of humidity.