The Prime Minister brought up concerns over the Northern Ireland Protocol during a phone call with the EU chief today. Mr Johnson warned the current implementation of the international treaty was undermining peace in Northern Ireland. A No10 spokesman said: "The Prime Minister raised the Northern Ireland Protocol and said that solutions needed to be found in order to protect peace and stability and safeguard the Belfast (Good Friday) Agreement in all its dimensions. "The President of the European Council agreed to meet with the Prime Minister to discuss this issue further." The Protocol effectively kept Northern Ireland within the EU's single market, with customs checks required on goods crossing the Irish Sea to the province as part of the 2019 Brexit withdrawal agreement. However, ministers have accused Brussels of heavy-handed implementation of the rules, fundamentally undermining the UK's internal market. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG  Negotiations on the Protocol have been taking place since last October but with little progress made to date. Originally intensive talks were set to last just three weeks but have now dragged into a sixth calendar month as both sides remain at loggerheads. Mr Johnson now looks set to meet the principal EU representative in a bid to put fresh momentum into discussions. Talks could take place as soon as later this week when the Prime Minister is thought to be planning to head to Brussels for a meeting of NATO and the G7 over Russia's invasion of Ukraine. On Thursday Western allies will meet to discuss how to present a united front in the face of aggression from the Kremlin. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss had been meeting weekly with her EU counterpart for negotiations on the Protocol up until the breakout of war. DON'T MISS:'Brexit La La Land' Former Finnish PM in stunning attack against UK [REACTION]Have your say: Do you believe P&O disaster was due to Brexit? [GET INVOLVED]Sunak distances himself from Boris over Brexit-Ukraine comment [UPDATE]  Brexiteers had feared the conflict meant there would be no chance of a breakthrough for months to come. However, last week sources close to Ms Truss indicated the Government was still willing to trigger Article 16 - the legal means to suspend aspects of the agreement - as soon as this week unless the EU showed flexibility. "Liz has lost faith in the negotiations," a source told The Times, adding the aim was to "get the EU into a period of intense negotiations where it’s clear that we’ve given up and are ready to trigger Article 16 if they fail." As well as urging Brussels to think again on the Protocol, Mr Johnson discussed with Mr Michel the UK and EU's close cooperation on tackling Moscow.  The No10 official added: "Both leaders agreed on the importance of continued close cooperation and a united UK-EU response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the Prime Minister thanked the President of the European Council for his work on this to date. "They also condemned the barbaric attacks on civilians, including in Mariupol over the weekend, and agreed that Putin posed a grave threat to wider European security and must be stopped. "Ahead of this week’s NATO and G7 meetings, both the Prime Minister and the President of the European Council noted the importance of maintaining pressure on the Putin regime through sanctions and providing further financial assistance to the Ukrainian government. "The Prime Minister also stressed the need to step-up efforts to supply additional defensive military support to Ukraine and continue to reduce the West’s reliance on Russian hydrocarbons." 