The company told its former UK seafarers they were being replaced by cheaper agency workers last Thursday, with the news being delivered without notice via a pre-recorded video message. A P&O spokesperson said the company has lost £1million a day for each day it did not operate in the UK. Seven days since the mass sackings, it can be estimated P&O has suffered at least a £7million loss. A further loss could soon be expected, with the Government reviewing its contracts with the shipping company. Workers were told by a company executive last week: “The business cannot continue to operate like this.” He said P&O had last around £100million year on year, adding: “These circumstances have resulted in a very difficult, but necessary decision to restructure P&O Ferries workforce and operations in order to protect the future of the business.” The decision, he insisted, “was only taken after seriously considering all of the available options”. But many refused to go without noise, remaining on their ships on Thursday and protesting since. Simon Jones from the BBC reported in a post on Twitter today, on Wednesday: “P&O sailings are cancelled for the seventh day. Unions will hold another protest in Dover this lunchtime.” Thompsons Solicitors has described the mass sackings as a “shocking disregard of the most basic employment law”. READ MORE: P&O fury as 'ZERO French staff fired' despite all UK staff going For Mark Dickinson, General Secretary of maritime union Nautilus International, it was nothing short of a “betrayal”. P&O Chief Executive Peter Hebblethwaite has also conceded the sackings came “without warning or prior consultation”, though defended as “essential”. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps told P&O he was “deeply concerned” with the sackings and is reported to have questioned the legality of the move. In a statement towards the end of last week, the company said it was working to minimise disruption for customers but admitted to suffering heavy losses. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] A spokesperson said: “To try to minimise disruption for our customers, we contacted everyone we could reach. "If any passengers have any queries about travelling with us, we encourage them to get in touch with our customer services team. "Our aim is to have the first of our services running again in the next day or two as we lose £1million a day for each day they are not moving.” The Government has not provided details on the value of its contracts with P&O, but Labour analysis suggested it had received £38.3million in taxpayer-funded contracts since December 2018.