As of next month, NS&I will provide £1million Premium Bonds jackpot winners with the opportunity to get financial advice from a choice of thousands of chartered financial planners and certified financial planners. The financial institution is offering winners more choice, enabling them to get guidance from a proper advisor that best meets their needs after taking home the grand prize. Furthermore, this change will give around 8,000 financial advisors across the country the chance to assist the millionaire winner. NS&I will end its current contract with Matrix Capital, the financial firm that was chosen by tender to solely run advice services since 2014. Both chartered financial planners and certified financial planners are well-qualified advisors, who have to be accredited by the Chartered Institute for Securities & Investment (CISI) and the Personal Finance Society. NS&I will continue to give Premium Bonds winners direct support through their Agent Million. Agent Million is the NS&I representative who informs the lucky jackpot winner that they are getting £1million. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Premium Bonds are savings accounts which have been incredibly popular over the past half a century. The NS&I account allows bondholders to deposit and withdraw money whenever they please and, as it is backed by the UK Government, it is protected by any potential harm. Unlike other accounts, Premium Bonds’ interest is not paid out to savers each month. Rather, prizes are up for grabs in the monthly prize draw, with the highest amount someone can win being £1million. The annual prize fund rate for Premium Bonds is set at one percent, but this is subject to changes in the wider economy. It means the odds of winning per £1 Bond number currently stand at one in 34,500. DON'T MISS  Andrew Pike, the head of Intermediary Relationships at the bank, explained: “NS&I would like to place on record our sincere thanks to Matrix Capital for providing an excellent service to the Premium Bonds jackpot winners throughout the life of our partnership. “They have gone above and beyond what was asked of them, and I have been truly impressed by their professionalism throughout, and their unwavering desire to put the customer at the heart of everything they do. “There is no doubt that this has resulted in many positive outcomes for jackpot winners. “We look forward to working with the CISI and the PFS on the new service and supporting their members to deliver it.” Robin Melley, a chartered financial planner of Matrix Capital, added: “It has been a privilege to be NS&I’s exclusive financial planning partner over the last eight years, during which time we have met so many worthy winners that we have provided with pro-bono financial guidance or professional advice services. “The positive experience of suddenly winning £1million can also bring with it some unexpected consequences and every client’s circumstances are truly individual which professional advisers are well equipped to recognise and provide solutions for. “We are grateful to NS&I for the opportunity and trust placed in Matrix Capital and look forward to remaining part of the service for future jackpot winners.” On their new deal, Sally Plant, the head of Financial Planning at the CISI, said: “The CISI is delighted to support NS&I on this wonderful initiative and we commend them on taking the lead in directing consumers to qualified professionals. “The holders are experts in providing a total, holistic, financial planning service to help consumers achieve their life goals and ambitions for themselves and their families.” On the assistance NS&I provides winners, Melissa Collett, the professional standards director at the CII, added: “By choosing a chartered financial planner, Premium Bonds jackpot winners are choosing a professional who has made a public commitment to putting their clients’ interests first. “Chartered financial planners must commit to and maintain the highest professional standards, in professional qualifications, ethical behaviour, business practices and ongoing professional development.” This transition to new financial advisors for Premium Bonds winners will take place as of April 1, 2022.