Star Trek Picard picks up 18 years after the movie Star Trek: Nemesis took place with admiral Jean-Luc Picard (played by Patrick Stewart) now retired. The Paramount+ and Amazon Prime Video series went down a storm with sci-fans when season one came out in 2020. So much so, just a few weeks later the drama was renewed for a second season. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Star Trek Picard. American fans have already been treated to the premiere episode of Star Trek Picard season two. The first eagerly anticipated instalment was released on Thursday, March 3, on streaming service Paramount+. Last time around, Star Trek Picard was available on CBS All Access but since 2020, the service has had a rebranding so while the platform remains the same, the name and some of its content has changed. UK fans won't have to wait much longer for the premiere though as season two begins on Friday, March 4, on Amazon Prime Video. READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up The first series of Star Trek Picard was made up of a total of 10 episodes. Following its previous success, the sci-fi show was given the green light for series two to also be made up of 10 episodes. A new episode will be released weekly, either on Thursdays or Fridays, depending on where you are in the world. As long as there are no delays, the grand finale of series two will be out on Thursday, April 5, and Friday, April 6. The majority of the original cast will be back for the second batch of new episodes. One character who is not returning though is agent Narek, played by actor Harry Treadaway. An official reason hasn't been given as to why Narek won't be in series two but showrunner Michael Chabon did say during an Instagram Live Q&A that his story was a "casualty of the editorial process". Another familiar face from the Star Trek franchise is also going to be brought back for the spin-off. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street Leanne Battersby betrays Nick Tilsley's trust  [THEORY]Star Trek Picard season 2 cast: Who is in the cast? [CAST]Sir Patrick Stewart health: Actor on 'dramatic' health diagnosis [HEALTH] Actress Whoopi Goldberg will be reprising her role as El-Aurian bartender, Guinan. She was a recurring character in both the series Star Trek: The Next Generation and the films Star Trek Generations and Star Trek: Nemesis. Speaking to SFX Magazine, Goldberg said: "I haven't seen Star Trek: Discovery but I did watch the first season of Picard, which was great. "From time to time, I talk to Patrick about Star Trek. Hopefully, I will be joining their cast for a little while next year. I'm very excited about that." This won't be the end of Picard just yet either as the show will be back for a third season. Production has already started and is expected to be completed by the end of the year with a 2023 release date in mind. Sadly, it has been confirmed that series three is going to be the final season. Star Trek Picard is available to watch on Paramount+ in the USA and Amazon Prime Video in the UK.