Commercials like this will be displayed at football clubs. After 37 percent of girls at mixed-sex schools said they had been sexually harassed and 24 percent have experienced unwanted touching of a sexual nature inside schools, you might agree that Khan’s initiative is long overdue. You might also join me in genuine confusion about this plague of hostile, dismissive and illegal behaviour towards young girls and women. I am perplexed by it. I simply do not understand how or why boys raised by women, nurtured by mothers and sisters, loved by grandmas and educated largely by female teachers can harbour feelings of dismissive contempt and worse towards women. How can it be that young men brought up by dynamic, inspirational women, watching their sisters studying, playing football and aspiring to all manner of demanding careers, and surrounded by women demonstrating their professionalism, can fail to grasp the message that misogyny is not acceptable? How can it elude young men that girls are exactly like them: just as scared when life is frightening and just as intimidated when outnumbered or harassed? How can they be immune to the fact that women have thoughts and feelings too, and most particularly do not sanction touching of any kind unless they have expressly given consent? It could be the direct consequence of exposure to pornography from a young age. It could be that compartmentalising women into those you love – mum, sister, grandma – and those you would happily taunt, assault and even rape is facilitated by the dehumanisation of women in porn. It objectifies women and reduces females to almost inanimate vessels, falsely portrayed to relish violence and sadism. Watching porn distorts a young boy’s view of womanhood. Perhaps the new lessons in misogyny should focus forensically on the distortion and warped world view fuelling the pornography industry. ----------------- Does the prospect of having your every whim catered for make you feel queasy? Maybe being indulged is bad for humankind. Take Gwyneth Paltrow’s house, which has been specifically constructed so her bathtub glows at sunset. “We angled the whole house so the tub would have a perfect view of the golden setting sun which would hit the taps and make the whole room sparkle,” said the architects. Is it just me or is it better for our desires to be a little bit thwarted? Isn’t getting everything we want a path to “Paradise Syndrome”? This was the condition coined by rock star Dave Stewart to identify what ailed him, and how instead of being happy, one found that having everything made you feel acutely wretched. Too many fulfilled desires are not good for the soul! ----------------- How is it possible to be shocked that a 95-year-old woman finds herself a little too frail to do the full-time job she has executed immaculately for a lifetime? Our feelings at the news that the Queen will never again conduct investitures, reside at Buckingham Palace – and may not be equal to attending Prince Philip’s memorial service – are sensitive. We are sad and sorry. We know that Her Majesty’s unswerving devotion to duty means that she wouldn’t entertain scaling back her workload unless she had absolutely no alternative. We see her as the nation’s beloved grandmother. We would love the chance to tell her what she has meant to us and our families. Only now do we realise just how infinitely reassuring her once-guaranteed presence has been. We hope she knows how dearly beloved she truly i ----------------- Do I think Sir Rod Stewart is sexy? I have been deeply in thrall to the Rodster ever since I attended a BBC Radio 2 concert in which he called to his gorgeous wife in the gallery, “Penny, I’m in love with you”. I adored him even more passionately when he bobbed up at Breast Cancer Care events cheerfully mingling with the crowd, there simply to support sufferers or survivors who were mates of Penny’s. Yet I’ve never found him sexier than in his latest guise as pothole filler extraordinaire. Sick of not being able to whizz home to Harlow, Essex in his Ferrari without the innards being shaken out of his vehicle, Rod took up a spade and got cracking. There’s nothing more attractive than a can-do gent who does. ----------------- Ten seconds into Rebel Wilson’s foray at hosting the Baftas the audience realised what a gift we’d had in Stephen Fry. In Fry’s elegant grasp the interminable ceremony was rendered not merely bearable but enjoyable. His deft linguistic jiggery-pokery imbued the agonisingly prolonged gong-distribution with filaments of satire, light-heartedness and gentle, rib-tickling lampooning. Wilson, on the other hand – although now five stone lighter – was heavy-footed and charmless. She flailed hopelessly. Her lumpen attempt to evoke hilarity while stabbing a Benedict Cumberbatch-shaped cake in the face pretty much encapsulated her lack of sophistication. Stephen Fry, we beseech you. Come back. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- I am keen on the latest procrastination cure. Here it is: don’t postpone the essential. Instead, do the thing you dread immediately, but only for three minutes. If after three minutes you really can’t stand the task – abandon it. I still find the mantra beloved of Barbra Streisand – “In x minutes I’ll be in the cab going home” – to be magical. I’ve used it many times and it works wonders. Even the most daunting prospect is tolerable when you remind yourself it will all be over at some point and you’ll be in stockinged feet, tucking into a Twix in a taxi.