Manchester United interim boss Ralf Rangnick must consider playing with a back three against Manchester City on Sunday - just how Ole Gunnar Solskjaer used to do. That is the opinion of Arsenal legend Martin Keown, who believes the change in formation could cause City problems. City will be aiming to strengthen their grip on top spot when United make the short journey to the Etihad. Pep Guardiola's side are currently six points clear of Liverpool but the Reds do have a game in hand. United have targets of their own though and are pushing for a place in the top four. Previous manager Solskjaer faced City nine times during his spell in charge. TOP STORY: Man Utd ‘have Ralf Rangnick consultancy doubts’ as Erik ten Hag advantage emerges  He had mixed fortunes, winning four times, losing four and drawing once. On four of those occasions Solskjaer played with a back three, picking up two of his wins in the process. The Norwegian would often adopt that approach in games against big opposition. And Keown reckons Rangnick should think about adopting that this weekend. DON'T MISSArsenal may have next Pires and Ljungberg and now just need to find their new Henry [OPINION]Liverpool boss Klopp may have given away who he wants to sign if Mane or Salah leave [QUOTES]Chelsea could look at £83.5m defender if Muhsin Bayrak buys club from Roman Abramovich [TRANSFERS]  "Solskjaer had a good record because he would often change his system to a back three, which is probably something Rangnick should think about this week" Keown said on talkSPORT. “Although Rangnick has had a good seven days to prepare. I know he’s trying to get that message across about pressing high through a 4-3-3 system, but I think it’s ready-made to change because Maguire needs protection in the back three. “It’s not a given who the back three would be, or the wingbacks, but I do feel it’s worth considering. “Spurs beat them twice this season playing with a back five, maybe it’s a problem for Man City. They are struggling to break teams down. “Lots of teams are playing with a low block and it’s quite difficult."  Keown says City's lack of a recognised striker does have a negative effect against certain opposition. “Pep Guardiola has been reemphasising that he wants the ball moved quickly and wants that opening," he continued. “It’s quite difficult and you point to the fact they haven’t got an out-and-out striker, and does that really matter. They’ve been so successful, but it does count sometimes. “City got a bit lucky last week with the handball that wasn’t against Everton, they got a bit of luck. “I think when you are the hunter, it’s better to be in that position. I was in that position when we chased Manchester United down, and we were chased down in 2003.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 