Compared to other nations, the UK caters reasonably better for staff of different religious backgrounds – allowing paid time off to celebrate occasions such as Eid-al-Fitr or Diwali (40 percent), and providing somewhere for prayer breaks (31 percent). However, the UK was worst for recruiting those from diverse backgrounds (46 percent), and offering the same pay and promotion opportunities to all staff regardless of their race, religion, disability and nationality (65 percent). And the home nation needs to improve its provisions for working parents – scoring lowest for maternity and paternity leave and pay outside of the statutory requirements, having nowhere for staff to breastfeed or express milk, and not offering paid time off for antenatal appointments. The in-depth research and subsequent scoring system was developed by hygiene and health company Essity. Respondents were asked to give their opinion on the provisions of the company they work for, and in turn points were awarded out of 10 in each category according to the order of the percentages drawn from the results. It found workers in Mexico rate their employer’s attitude and approach to diversity very highly – with the country topping six of the 14 categories, scoring 113 out of a possible 140. They particularly rated efforts to offer all staff members the exact same opportunities. Ireland also came out very well in the study, scoring highest for the overall business approach to mental health, which allows staff time off to address their wellbeing (71 percent). A spokesman for Essity said: “The subject of diversity within the workplace is one we are keen to understand more about, and conducting this research is one of the steps we are taking to better our own offerings to all employees and future employees. “In the UK we have created a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion advisory group, which consists of employees with a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences. “Conscious that the UK has not come out strongly in this study, we want Essity to buck the trend and be a company that is welcoming and inclusive for everybody.” Other countries identified as having a particularly poor attitude towards diversity were Sweden, France and Italy. Employees working in Italy did not feel their employer would allow them any time off to address mental health (45 percent), and one in five (21 percent) claim to have nowhere to take prayer breaks during the day. And while French businesses scored the highest (10 out of 10) for addressing mental wellbeing, they received consistently low scores for recruiting across all walks of life, and offering the same opportunities once those from diverse backgrounds had made it through the onboarding process. Sweden and the Netherlands were considered the worst in terms of making provisions for those with visible or hidden disabilities (47 percent respectively). The study also looked into whether British employees feel their company demonstrates it is taking the issue of diversity seriously – and found fewer than one in three businesses (29 percent) are considered to operate a zero tolerance to bullying. Only a quarter of those polled feel all staff members get visible recognition of their achievements, and just 18 percent think their employer listens when it comes to personal needs. It seems there is still a long way to go – as only seven percent of UK businesses currently have non gender specific signs for bathrooms, only one in ten have appropriate reading materials in public spaces, and there are few targets set for diversity in the workforce or for recruitment (13 and 12 percent respectively). And one third of employees in the UK feel they have been personally discriminated against in the workplace when applying for a promotion or pay rise, requesting flexible hours, or for personal health reasons. To encourage both workers and employers to think more about their business and to find out how diverse it really is, Essity has developed a series of questions, which can be found here. The Essity spokesman added: “Diversity makes for better decision-making and ultimately better business performance. “Using the insights from this study, we will be working with our colleagues internationally to identify opportunities for improvement.” OVERALL SCORES SHOWING COUNTRIES WHICH ARE MOST DIVERSE: FULL UNITED KINGDOM RESULTS: