One of the biggest decisions facing Mikel Arteta this summer will be who he selects to be Arsenal's next captain. Martin Odegaard has been pushing strongly to be handed the armband, with his latest Gunners captaincy preview coming in Norway's win over Slovakia on Friday night. The 23-year-old was signed by Arteta for £30million ahead of this season following a successful loan spell. Some questioned why the Spainard had opted to spend such an outlay on the midfielder, with Emile Smith Rowe already in the squad. But Arteta's decision to bring the Norwegian back to the Emirates Stadium now looks to have been a masterstroke. Odegaard has established himself as a key player at the Gunners this term, helping them to the verge of qualification for the Champions League. He has also shone on the international stage, with his performances for Norway showing how he could take on the role as Arsenal captain. Ståle Solbakken named him as skipper of the Scandanvians in March 2021 and he has started every game since then. READ MORE: Arsenal sent Osimhen warning as Arteta searches for striker solution His latest outing leading his country came on Friday when Slovakia travelled to the Ullevaal Stadion for a friendly. Odegaard excelled in his natural central attacking midfield role, holding a pass success rate of 89 per cent and completing 100 per cent of his dribbles. He also scored his side's second goal, taking a touch inside the box before curling a shot over Marek Rodak and into the top corner. Performances like for his country will do him no harm when Arteta comes to deciding Arsenal's next skipper, with Alexandre Lacazette expected to depart in the summer. He may not be the type to lead his team through shouting out Arteta's orders, but his style of captaincy for Norway should put him at the top of the shortlist. And Gunners legend Paul Merson certainly believes that Odegaard has what it takes to take over the armband. DON'T MISS: Mourinho told transfer price as Roma boss returns for Arsenal star (TRANSFERS)Darren Bent insists he would not sign Gareth Bale for Arsenal (INSIGHT)Arsenal think they've found 'next Patrick Vieira' but face threat (NEWS) "Martin Odegaard has proved me wrong and is becoming the leader Arsenal need to pass their toughest test yet. He isn’t a leader in terms of running around and kicking people or barking out orders. But in terms of the way he’s playing he is. The way he’s turned it around people are looking at him now and fair play, he has done very, very well. He always wants the ball and knows how to use it. That’s leadership too," Merson told the Daily Star. Those are comments that Arteta would do well to keep in mind when he makes his captaincy decision. If Odegaard is successful in becoming skipper, it would only serve to further vindicate Arteta's decision to sign him last summer.