Liverpool, Manchester United and Chelsea apparently face a three-way battle to sign teenage sensation Gavi from Barcelona. The 17-year-old has impressed during his breakthrough season at the Nou Camp and could be available for £42million. Gavi rose through the ranks of the Barcelona academy after joining the club from Real Betis nearly seven years ago. And he made his first team debut just three weeks after turning 17 when he replaced Sergi Roberto for the final 16 minutes of his side’s 2-1 La Liga victory over Getafe last August. Gavi has been given an opportunity to shine this season, with the club’s egregious financial situation clearly facilitating the rapid rise of the homegrown talent. And he has already managed to rack-up a staggering 33 appearances during his maiden season in the Barca team. The player has mainly occupied a centre-midfield position this campaign but has also been pushed further forward and utilised on both wings. And he has contributed two goals and five assists. Gavi is clearly a talented player and his versatility will only act as a bigger pull to the teams looking to prise him away from Spain. READ MORE: Man Utd fans pelt Simeone with missiles after Atletico Madrid loss   And, according to Mundo Deportivo, Liverpool, United and Chelsea are all interested in securing his services. The star’s release clause stands at £42m if a deal can be struck by the end of June. But the clause will then rise to £84m. Mega-rich French club Paris Saint-Germain are also keen to land the youngster, as are German giants Bayern Munich. Therefore the talented ace is unlikely to be short of offers this summer. If Gavi does opt for a taste of life in the Premier League, a move to either Anfield or Old Trafford appears to be his most realistic option. Chelsea are currently up for sale after their Russian oligarch owner Roman Abramovich put them on the market following his country’s invasion of Ukraine. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  And they have been banned from buying and selling players after Abramovich was sanctioned by the UK government. Meanwhile, Premier League champions Manchester City apparently have no interest in signing Gavi, despite the fact he has carved out a fine reputation over the last eight months. And Barcelona are still confident that the player will put pen-to-paper on a new contract in Catalonia. Gavi’s current deal expires in 2023 and the club are already in discussions with him about agreeing new terms. And Barca believe the player won’t consider anything other than renewing his contract with the club. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 