 Putin’s brutal attack on Ukraine continued overnight as civilians were buried under rubble after Russian troops bombed a theatre in Mariupol. The Donetsk Regional Drama Theatre was reportedly acting as shelter for hundreds of people when the central section of the building was bombed, burying “large numbers of people” under the debris, according to Ukraine’s Foreign Ministry. However, this morning the city’s mayor Petro Andrushchenko said there are “some survivors” as rescue work attempts to reach those trapped and establish the number of casualties. According to the UN, around three million people have fled Ukraine because of Russia’s invasion, including 75,000 children a day. The West has condemned Putin’s unprovoked aggression on Ukraine and inflicted heavy sanctions against Russia. However there are also a number of ways the UK public can help those affected by the war: by supporting a refugee or by donating money and clothes to emergency appeals. On Monday, the Government launched its Home for Ukraine scheme with Phase One of the plan opening for applications tomorrow. Read More: Peston: Sajid Javid vows full access to NHS for Ukraine refugees  The Homes for Ukraine scheme will allow people, charities, community groups and businesses in the UK to help bring Ukrainian refugees to safety, irrespective of whether they have family ties to the UK. Phase One of the scheme will allow UK-based sponsors to nominate a named Ukrainian or named Ukrainian family to stay with them in their home or in a separate property rent-free. Those sponsoring refugees via the scheme will be required to commit for a minimum of six months, though the Government is encouraging people to offer their support for as long as possible. In return, sponsors will receive payments of £350 per month, with additional payments provided for school-aged children.  Michael Gove, who is Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, has also claimed that those arriving under the scheme will be granted access to full NHS care and be entitled to work in the UK. Those who would like to take part in the scheme must register their interest on the Homes for Ukraine website, with Phase One beginning tomorrow. There are also a number of appeals that UK citizens can donate money to. The British Red Cross set up a crisis appeal and said: “Your donations could help someone affected get food, medicines and basic medical supplies, shelter and water.” Don't Miss:POLL: Do you think Biden was right to call Putin a war criminal?[ANALYSIS]Putin's parental heartbreak as mother 'stayed alive by a miracle'[INSIGHT]Putin in panic mode as President warned of Ukrainian resistance[OPINION]  Meanwhile the #HelpUkraine Emergency Appeal was set up last month by the Association of Ukranians in Great Britain, who are raising money to provide accredited and registered Ukrainian charities with medicine, food and essential services. Donations can also pay for blankets, hygiene packs and counselling for victims of trauma. Unicef, which focuses on children’s welfare, is also accepting donations to ensure that every displaced child receives water, food and medicine. The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees has launched an emergency appeal to send resources, staff and aid to Ukraine’s neighbouring countries, who are taking in massive numbers of refugees each day.  Voices of Children provides children affected by the war in Ukraine with psychological and psychosocial care, including support from psychologists, art therapy and individual help for families. Instructions on how to donate to its programmes are available here. Save the Children launched an emergency fund, with donations going towards vital humanitarian aid, psychological support for children, winter and hygiene kits, cash grants to families and educational access. Non-profit Ukrainian-American human rights organisation Razom, also set up an appeal, with donations helping to support the delivery of essential goods, the translation of important documents, the sharing of crucial information while the charity will also place volunteers on the ground.  Meanwhile, Revived Soldiers of Ukraine delivers humanitarian and medical support for soldiers and their families affected by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. A number of donation points have also been set up across the UK for people to give items such as clothes and blankets. The best way to find one near you is by checking local news outlets or by searching on Google.