Kurt Volker said the US President's State of the Union address had "great rhetoric" on standing up to Putin but little action. He noted that Joe Biden "fears" a direct conflict with Russia. Sky's Trevor Phillips asked: "Mr Biden in his State of the Union address this week, I think he devoted not much more than about 10 minutes to Ukraine which seems like a surprise given the circumstances. "Do you think that was an indication that the US now thinks there is relatively little they can do to change the course of Mr Putin's actions?" Mr Volker said: "I do want to give Mr Biden credit on two fronts; he did speak extensively about Ukraine, 10 minutes in a State of the Union is significant and it was the first topic he brought up. "He gave it some priority. "Secondly, his rhetoric about defending democracy and standing up to Putin's aggression, I thought that was great. READ MORE: Russian tank stuck in mud for hours ‘an example of poor planning’ "The problem is the actions have not matched that rhetoric and we have been intimidated by Russia, fearing that he might reach for a nuclear weapon, fearing a direct conflict with Russian forces that could escalate. "So, rather than deterring Russia, he is deterring us." It comes as a bipartisan group of US senators introduced a bill on Thursday to ban US imports of Russian oil, saying the shipments could be replaced by boosting output in North America and other places. The bill, Banning Russian Energy Imports Act, is intended to punish President Vladimir Putin over his invasion of Ukraine and is sponsored by 18 senators in the 100-member chamber, including Joe Manchin, a conservative Democrat, and Lisa Murkowski, a Republican. Similar legislation has been offered by Senator Ed Markey, a liberal Democrat. House of Representatives Speaker Nancy Pelosi also said she supports a ban. "I'm all for that," she told reporters. "Ban the oil coming from Russia." The bill would have to pass the Senate and House and be signed by President Joe Biden to become law, but the White House has indicated reluctance to support moves that could increase the price of gasoline at a time when inflation is already high. The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment about whether Biden, a Democrat, would sign the bill. "I don't believe this country should be importing anything from Russia," Jon Tester, a Democrat from oil-producing Montana who supports the Manchin-Murkowksi bill, told reporters. "It will send even a bigger message that the United States is in this with Ukrainians for the long haul." DON'T MISS Wallace lays down the law to Putin after warmonger ramps up WW3 threat [INSIGHT]Raab rejects Putin's nuclear threats as just distraction [VIDEO]Ultra-remainers FURIOUS Britain confronting Putin [ANALYSIS] It was unclear if the bill will win the 60 votes in the Senate that are likely necessary for it to pass, but the fact that several Democrats are co-sponsoring it increases its chances. The United States imported more than 20.4 million barrels of crude and refined products a month on average in 2021 from Russia, about 8 percent of US liquid fuel imports, according to the Energy Information Administration. Hawaii and Alaska both depend on the imports. Russia produces about 10 percent of the world's crude and, while it has imposed a series of sanctions on Russia since the conflict in Ukraine has escalated, the Biden administration has so far been careful to not take actions that could send oil prices higher. "We don't have a strategic interest in reducing the global supply of energy that would raise prices at the gas pump for the American people," White House spokesperson Jen Psaki told reporters on Thursday.