Water sign Cancer is the fourth sign of the zodiac. Astrology experts revealed what Cancer can expect from their romantic life, their most promising love matches, and how to love a Cancer partner. “Passionate” Cancer loves to love, but they are very particular about who they trust. They make great romantic partners – “as long as they can trust enough to let down their barriers and allow another person into their world”. Taking relationships incredibly seriously, they can be “cagey” when it comes to the dating game. Not ones for small talk or forcing a conversation, getting to know a potential partner over text message or dating apps can “feel like torture”. READ MORE: Star signs: Zodiac expert shares each star signs luckiest colours Instead, Cancer would rather meet potential suitors in real life. Single Cancer should look for potential partners in “low-stress settings” such as a local coffee shop or class. Once Cancer has gotten over the initial hurdle of meeting and getting to know a new partner, they struggle with one key thing. Horoscope.com said: “Cancers sometimes get frustrated that their partner doesn't know everything that's going on in their internal life, and they can easily put up walls and say it's all good when everything is clearly the exact opposite. “In order to truly connect, Cancers must be patient with their partner and voice their emotional needs—and these lessons can have a steep learning curve for this sign.” When Cancer learns that other signs cannot read their minds and they must articulate how they feel, they can start to enjoy a prosperous relationship. Those romantically paired with Cancer should allow their partner to vent – sometimes this is “all they need”. Cancer “takes loyalty very seriously” and will never stray from their partner’s side. While this is a desirable attribute in any partner, Cancer’s unwavering willingness to “play for keeps” means they struggle to leave relationships even when they become unhealthy or unhappy. The only thing that will force Cancer to end a relationship is if a partner breaks their trust. “A breach of loyalty, however small it seems, can be a deal-breaker.” So, if Cancer ever tells you a secret, it’s important that you take it to the grave. Horoscope.com concluded: “Bottom line: Cancer loves to be loved, and loves love itself - but communication and conversation are what really allow this sign's bonds to flourish.” The most promising love matches for Cancer are Taurus, Pisces and Scorpio. Taurus can “ground” Cancer, whilst sending an “electric current” of love through them. Like Cancer, Pisces has an “intense emotional reservoir”, so understands their partner’s heightened thoughts. As for a Scorpio and Cancer pairing, “the magnetism between them packs the cosmic wallop of a strong electric charge”.