Defence Secretary Ben Wallace used his speech at the Conservative Party spring conference to voice support for Ukraine after its invasion by Russia. He compared Vladimir Putin to the leader of Argentina during the Falklands War 40 years ago. In an attack on Labour, he pointed out Mr Corbyn wanted to abolish NATO. Mr Wallace said: "Many members of Labour's frontbench were also on the frontbench of Jeremy Corbyn. "He wanted to abolish NATO and blame the West for Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. "I remember going up to Baron Furness where I was told by some Labour politicians that under Jeremy Corbyn there would still be submarines to be made so that tourists could go look at the seabed. "In contrast, the year of the Falklands conflict, Mrs Thatcher told the Conservative party conference that peace, freedom and justice are only to be found when people are prepared to defend them. READ MORE: 'Must be seriously ill' Putin health centre of attention at rally "That remains the case today." His attack comes just days after Dominic Raab slammed Angela Rayner in a fiery PMQs battle. The deputy Prime Minister lashed out at the Labour deputy for questioning the UK's national security after she campaigned to have Jeremy Corbyn as leader. Ms Rayner told the Commons: "There are now widespread reports that the Prime Minister did not accept warnings from our own intelligence services, granting a Russian oligarch, the son and business partner of a KGB spy, a seat here in this Parliament. "It shouldn't matter if such a warning was about a close personal friend of the Prime Minister. "It shouldn't matter if he gave the Prime Minister thousands of pounds of gifts. And it shouldn't matter how much champagne and caviar he serves. "There is no ifs or buts when it comes to the safety of the British people. So I ask the Deputy Prime Minister, can he guarantee that the Prime Minister never asked anyone to urge the security services to revise, reconsider or withdraw their assessment of Lord Lebedev of Hampton and Siberia?" DON'T MISS Russian astronauts light up the ISS by wearing Ukraine colours [INSIGHT]David Tennant fights tears over Ukrainian schoolgirl singing [VIDEO]Liz Truss says Brexit Britain leading fight against Russia [ANALYSIS] Mr Raab replied: "The suggestion she's making is sheer nonsense. "But if she wants to talk about national security, then I remind her that she and her shadow cabinet colleagues not so long ago wanted the honourable member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn)... a man who wanted and talked about abolishing the Army, pulling out of Trident - she voted for that. "Has there ever been a more ridiculous, reckless, naive moment to call for unilateral nuclear disarmament and pulling out of Nato? "A Labour government would put at risk our security. We're doing everything we can to protect it."