Russian Soyuz rockets are due to take off OneWeb satellites later this week from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan, Darren Jones MP has warned. Mr Jones, who heads up the Commons business committee, called the move “inappropriate” in light of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The British taxpayer bailed out OneWeb when it filed for bankruptcy back in 2020. The move afforded the British government a £400million stake in the satellite company. From the Russian-owned base in Kazakhstan, 36 satellites are waiting to be launched, in what will be a network to deliver global broadband connectivity. The satellites are scheduled for launch on Friday at 10.41pm GMT, and will be done so with the help of Roscosmos, the Russian space agency. Mr Jones told Sky News: "Much like the ask of BP and Shell, OneWeb should not be continuing to engage in commercial activities with Russian companies. "Ministers should be working with the OneWeb board to help secure this outcome as soon as possible." Writing to science minister George Freeman, Mr Jones urged the minister for more information on Government plans to investigate the launch. He added a question around whether the Government was contributing to any OneWeb effort of finding an alternative launch site. READ MORE: Putin nuclear warning as Russian leader tipped to drop bomb near UK In his letter to the minister, he said: "Given the urgency of this issue and the potential for launches to take place today, I'd be grateful for your immediate response." Many Russian-owned companies, businesses, politicians, oligarchs and journalists have been subject to UK sanctions over Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. This comes as the Ukrainian state emergency service reports at least four people were killed and nine more wounded in new waves of attack on Ukraine’s second-largest city on Wednesday. The service added that across the east of the country, hundreds of buildings, houses, schools and healthcare facilities have been decimated by Russian shelling. DON'T MISS: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Desperate Putin arresting children [LIVE] 'Russia invading Croatia...' Abbott in embarrassing Ukraine blunder [REPORT] ‘Lack of ambition’ Furious row erupts as Britain FAILS [REACTION] They added: “Children, women and defence forces are losing their lives every hour.” Ukrainian President, Volodymyr Zelensky, said on Wednesday that Russian forces advancing through Kyiv “have orders to erase our history”. Ukrainian authorities said on Wednesday that a further five people had died after a Russian attack on a television tower in Kyiv. It is believed the five people were members of the same family.  The TV tower, reaching 1,300 feet, was circled by explosions on Tuesday afternoon, and was constructed by a memorial site for a Nazi massacre. Ukraine accused Russia of a “barbaric” attack, using rockets to kill five civilians who were walking nearby to the memorial. In September 1941, soldiers from Nazi Germany executed tens of thousands of people in the woods near the memorial. Referring to the attack, Mr Zelensky said: "This strike proves that for many people in Russia our Kyiv is absolutely foreign. “They don’t know a thing about Kyiv, about our history. “But they all have orders to erase our history, erase our country, erase us all.” 