After a thrilling race in Bahrain last weekend F1 is back in action for the Saudi Arabia Grand Prix. Red Bull will be looking to bounce back after both Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez failed to score any points at the Bahrain International circuit after engine woes bought their races to a sudden end. Meanwhile, Ferrari and Mercedes will be keen to repeat their success after picking up the top four spots in the opening race. It's set to be another classic under the lights of Jeddah but, if you want to watch the action live, you'll need to sign up for a Sky contract with the firm continuing to have exclusive rights. SEE THE BEST SKY SPORTS DEALS BELOW. The race will get underway tonight from 6pm BST (don't forget the clocks went forward this morning) with Sergio Perez taking a stunning pole position in yesterday's qualifying. The Red Bull driver will lineup alongside Ferrari's Charles Leclerc with Carlos Sainz in third and Max Verstappen taking the fourth spot on the grid. If you're wondering where Lewis Hamilton is, the Mercedes man struggled to get his working to its full potential and ended up all the way back in 16th - Hamilton's teammate, George Russell managed to claim a more respectable sixth. Speaking after Qualifying, pole-sitter Perez said: "I could do another 1,000 laps and I could never beat this lap time." And Leclerc who will be nipping at his heel in 2nd said: "The lap felt good. I definitely did not expect that lap time from Checo and he did an incredible job today." HOW TO WATCH THE SAUDIA ARABIAN GP Sky Sports F1 has all the action live from the Jeddah with subscribers able to tune in via channel 406 with pre-race coverage starting from 4.30pm and the red lights going out at 6pm BST. The race is also available on Sky Sports Main Event (channel 401). If you use Virgin to watch Sky then you'll find the action on channel 506. Everything is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app which is available for both Android and iOS devices It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use Sky Go due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a Sky subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). You can find some of the best options below... Sky Go is also available on a number of platforms including Amazon Fire devices, iPad, Mac computers and laptops, PlayStation 3, PS4 and Xbox One. The Sky Sports app, available to download on iOS and Android devices, will also be providing live text coverage and updates. If you're not currently a Sky Sports customer but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a NOW membership. Day passes, which let you add Sky Sports channels for 24 hours, start at £9.98 a day. A monthly pass costs £33.99 and you can cancel anytime. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Don't forget that Channel Four has all the highlights of the race, but it will be shown a bit later on at 10.30pm.