  Bruce Forsyth's ten-year-old great grandson was reportedly bombarded with racist slurs and sexual content while playing on the gaming platform Roblox. His father Jeremy Martin, 37, is said to have been horrified to witness his son Carrick being sent explicit words while he innocently spent time on the gaming platform Roblox.      Jeremy shockingly went on to reveal that this is the second time the issue has occurred, as he already complained to the company last January when his son was just nine. He is the son of Debbie Matthews - daughter of entertainment legend Bruce Forsyth, who died in 2017. Jeremy managed to get some pictures which prove the vile comments being sent his son’s way, adding that Sir Bruce would be “horrified” by it. While there is no evidence to suggest people sending Carrick the content knew he was related to the Strictly legend, Jermey said it still packed a particularly painful punch considering Bruce’s widow Wilnelia Merced is Puerto Rican. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update     Jeremy told Triangle News that the latest worrying incident happened just before Christmas last year. He explained that his son likes to play a game called Draw It, where the computer issues a word to one party that has to draw it in order for other players to guess what the word is. “Someone drew a bottom and then it said 'gape' and then it said the n-word twice,” Jeremy revealed. Jeremy then saw the racial slur repeated next to a swear word twice - and turned the computer off after taking a picture.      “It's terrible,” Jeremy stated. “Something similar happened to this when he was nine and I actually complained to Roblox and got rubbish emails back. “It was another game where you are a DJ and you can shoot the music. “A song came on and this kid started saying the same stuff, using the n-word. It was coming through the speakers.” He went on to admit that he “didn’t see the point in complaining” this time round as the company simply “fobbed him off” with emails. READ MORE... ‘Putin is laughing' Piers Morgan slams ‘pathetically spineless’ Europe [NEWS] Martin Kemp health: Star, 60, on medication for 'rest of his life' [UPDATE] Mark Labbett 'jealous' over Anne Hegerty's big announcement [NEWS]      Speaking about young children who play on Roblox he continued: “They will be seeing these things and their parents won't know about it and it's supposed to be an innocent platform. “Carrick didn't understand what it meant. Now we have to police it ourselves, which is annoying as we can't give him the freedom he wants.” Jeremy admitted that since his son started using Roblox, he had spent at least £1,000 on in-app purchases. This is because Carrick spends his £20 a month pocket money on it, as well as all the money he’s given for birthdays and Christmases.      Express.co.uk contacted a representative from Roblox for further comment, who replied: “We have a safety-first culture at Roblox and work tirelessly to maintain a platform that is safe, civil and welcoming for all. “That includes zero-tolerance for behaviour that doesn’t meet our Community Standards and a robust set of safety features specifically aimed at protecting younger members of the Roblox community. “We have rigorous, industry-leading chat filters that block inappropriate words or phrases - with even stricter filters automatically applied to children under the age of 13 - and we conduct a safety review of every piece of content that is published on the Roblox platform using a combination of human and machine detection. “We encourage our community to use our Report Abuse tools to report behaviour that falls below our Community Standards. “We also empower and encourage parents to determine what is appropriate for their children by providing a suite of Parental Control settings that can be used to restrict who children can interact with (including the option to turn off chat), what experiences they can access, and how much they can spend. “And we provide parents with dedicated tips and advice on our For Parents pages to help them manage their childrens’ accounts.”  