The View host called for the US to be paid reparations amid Jamaica's protests against the British monarchy asking for reparations for slavery. Jamaica MP Mike Henry has proposed a reparations package of 7.6 billion pounds ($10 billion). Speaking on The View, Ms Goldberg said: "William and Kates's goodwill tour in the Caribbean has been met with some fierce protests that forced them to cancel appearances. "Jamaican protesters are calling on the ground to redefine their relationship with the island and make reparations for their colonial past. "You know, there's a list. There's a whole list of places that need to go on that list." Co-host Sunny Hostin interjected: "Starting with the United States of America. "The Brits are calling this the 'charm offensive' and they need to call it that because when you look at the Brits, especially the royals, they rarely talk about their history of enslavement. READ MORE: Macron attempts to grab front row spot next to Biden snubbed "They rarely talk about how they got their wealth on the backs of black people." The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrived in Belize on Saturday to start the tour that coincides with Queen Elizabeth's 70th year on the throne, and will conclude it over the weekend with a visit to The Bahamas. They were received by Jamaican foreign affairs minister Kamina Johnson-Smith and Defense Force Chief Antonette Wemyss Gorman at Kingston's Norman Manley airport. They then left to meet Governor General Patrick Allen, who represents the British crown in Jamaica. Earlier, dozens of people gathered outside the British High Commission in Kingston, singing traditional Rastafarian songs and holding banners with the phrase "seh yuh sorry" - a local patois phrase that urged Britain to apologize. "There are historical wrongs and they need to be addressed," said Dr. Rosalea Hamilton, an economist and activist who helped organize the rally where demonstrators read out 60 reasons for reparations. Jamaica celebrates 60 years of independence in August. "Part of the conversation is how we begin a new dispensation and (discussion) of actions for the new generation," said Hamilton, dressed in a T-shirt printed with the phrase "seh yuh sorry." The royal visits to Caribbean nations are seen as an effort to convince other former British colonies - including Belize and The Bahamas - to stay on as "realms" of the British monarchy amid a rising regional movement towards republicanism. DON'T MISS Dr Shola rages at Prince William in Jamaica ‘people don’t understand' [VIDEO]Prince William defended over speech on slavery in Jamaica [INSIGHT]India TV host slams Queen's past over Jamaica protests [ANALYSIS] Dance hall singer Beenie Man in an interview with Good Morning Britain questioned the royal visit and expressed skepticism about the queen, saying "What are they doing for Jamaica? They're not doing anything for us." One Jamaican judge, Hugh Small, this month burned his ceremonial British judicial wigs in a symbolic protest of the fact that a London-based tribunal called Privy Council continues to be Jamaica's highest court of appeals. William and Kate are scheduled to participate in a "sports activity" and a "cultural activity" on Tuesday as part of the tour that wraps up on Thursday, according to a preliminary agenda seen by Reuters. The couple had to change their itinerary in Belize following a protest by a few dozen indigenous villagers upset that the couple's helicopter was given permission to land on a soccer field without prior consultation.