Many homeowners have been in the situation where they discover a random car is parked in their driveway, but often they don’t know how to deal with the issue. Naturally, they would think to call the police or the council to have it removed, but they may not be able to help. That’s because a bizarre loophole in the law means that drivers may be able to park on someone else’s driveway and go unpunished. There is no criminal law against the indecent act of someone parking on a driveway without the homeowner's consent. A driveway is part of a property, so by driving onto it the person is committing an act of trespassing. However, trespassing is classed as a civil offence, not a criminal offence, meaning the police don’t have the power to make an arrest. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak considers network of new toll roads Rule 243 of the Highway code lays out the 12 places you should not stop or park, and includes ‘in front of an entrance to a property’. This means that if someone has parked in front of your driveway, they would be in breach of this rule. However, technically the inconsiderate motorist is not actually breaking any laws. John Charnock, of Stress Free Car Rental said: "The police are unable to get involved with unknown cars parked on driveways as they are private property. “The best thing for the owner of the driveway is to keep calm and try to not let the situation escalate.” He added: "Homeowners should most certainly not take the law into their own hands as this can very often result in them committing criminal offences themselves." You are also advised not to try and remove the car yourself if this happens to you. If you do, you could be liable for any damage caused. Instead, it is recommended that you try speaking with the person or leave a note on their car. In a worst-case scenario, you'll have to take a civil claim to the courts to have the car removed. Mr Charnock explained: "If a homeowner suspects the vehicle has been abandoned, their local council would be required to move the car regardless of its position on private or public land. “However, if the car has up-to-date MOT, tax, insurance and is not in a position where it could cause danger to anyone around, the council are again powerless." If a car is parked on a public road and blocking a driveway, the driver is committing a parking offence. Therefore local authorities can get involved and issue a fine. According to the Highway Code, a motorist must not park in front of the entrance to a property. It's also illegal to park across a driveway with a dropped kerb - penalties include three points and a £100 fine. The Metropolitan Police has issued some advice on how to handle this situation. The official information reads: “If someone has blocked your driveway so you can’t drive in, we appreciate this can be very frustrating. “If you can find the owner of the vehicle, we’d first recommend asking them politely to move it. “If you can’t find them, try leaving a note on their windscreen. After all, they may not realise they have caused a problem.”