The life-saving supplies will reach areas of Ukraine encircled by Russian forces, following a "direct request" from the government of Ukraine, according to the announcement. Supplies will include dried food, tinned goods, and water. Liz Truss said: "This vital donation of food and supplies will help support the Ukrainian people in the face of Russia’s barbaric invasion." The Foreign Secretary added: "Our teams are working day and night with our Polish and Slovakian friends and the government of Ukraine to ensure those at most risk get the essential supplies they so badly need." The goods are being prepared in warehouses in Poland and Slovakia, in order to be delivered to the Ukrainian people from early next week. Around 25 truckloads will then be transported by road and rail to the local Ukrainian communities in greatest need. It is estimated over 12 million people are currently in need of humanitarian assistance across Ukraine, with the actual figure likely to be much higher, the announcement said. The donation is labeled "essential, with the window to reach towns and cities already encircled, as well as those at high risk, closing." People taking refuge in basements from the shelling of the Russian army are losing access to food, water, and cooking facilities. This latest donation is a part of the £400 million committed by the UK, for the Ukrainian people. It responds to a need for urgent economic and humanitarian support for the country, since the Russian invasion more than a month ago.  Of those £400 million, the £220 will be spent on humanitarian aid, as a package for agencies on the ground to provide medical supplies and basic necessities. Alice Hooper, FCDO Humanitarian Adviser said: "The need on the ground in Ukraine is clear, with so many people in encircled areas trapped in basements without access to food or water. "Nearly 6 million children remain in Ukraine, many sheltering inside buildings which are coming under attack." Ms Hooper added: "We are working with partners at the borders to ensure these vital UK supplies reach the places they are needed most as quickly as possible."  According to the Foreign Secretary, the first tranche of this funding will be shared amongst "trusted" humanitarian delivery partners on the ground. This includes: £25 million to the UN Refugee Agency UNHCR to support surrounding countries to receive and care for refugees from the conflict £20 million to the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) and the OCHA-managed Ukraine Humanitarian Fund (UHF), to provide coordinated lifesaving humanitarian assistance, protection and basic services to those remaining in Ukraine £10 million to International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies to deliver healthcare and water, sanitation, and hygiene provision amongst other support