Kate, 40, and Prince William, 39, were back on royal duties this week as they showed their support for Ukraine. The country has descended into chaos after Russian President Vladimir Putin launched his invasion last month. Kate appeared emotional as she and William visited the Ukrainian Cultural Centre in London on Wednesday. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge brought homemade chocolate brownies and granola bars from Kensington Palace to share with those they met during the engagement. The couple demonstrated their support by donning badges featuring blue and yellow, the colours of Ukraine’s national flag. The Cambridges heard about the centre’s support for Ukrainians and the donations they have received since the Russian invasion. Such engagements have become second nature to Kate since she tied the knot with William in 2011. Kate is renowned for her measured and calm interactions with members of the public, as well as her compassion and sense of humour. However, things have not always been this way as the Duchess progressed slowly in the Royal Family, according to a royal expert, who said it “took her a while” to settle in. JUST IN: 'I just can’t bear it' Charles breaks down in tears after heartbreaking refugee meeting Daily Mail Columnist Richard Kay appeared during the latest episode of Channel 5’s ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’ series last week. He said: “It took a while for her to become the confident figure that she is today.” During Kate’s early years in the Firm, royal watchers picked up on signs that she was not yet settled in her role. The Duchess cut a nervous figure as she gave her first speech at the inauguration of a children's hospice in Ipswich in 2012. However, since then she has gone on to demonstrate her star quality, according to Mr Kay. He said: “She now controls that red carpet like it is her own. “It is almost as though she was born to it. “She seems very natural, very assured, she talks easily to people.” Bethan Holt, the Daily Telegraph’s fashion news and features director, also discussed how the Duchess had carved out an impressive role for herself. She said: “I think behind the scenes there is this very distinct operation to elevate her as the new star of the Royal Family.” DON'T MISS: What William really said: Video emerges hours after war comments backlash [LATEST]Prince Edward stormed out after 'toe-curling' TV disaster: ‘Learn some manners!’ [INSIGHT]Queen and Prince Philip broke royal tradition with Prince Edward birth [ANALYSIS] Kate is frequently relied upon by the Queen to represent the royals during sombre occasions such as her and William’s visit to the Ukrainian Cultural Centre. Some of her individual work has centred around mental health, such as the Heads Together campaign that she spearheaded with William and Prince Harry. She has also focused on the development and welfare of children, such as her ‘5 Big Questions on the Under Fives’ survey. However, alongside her more sombre engagements, Kate also steps out for more light-hearted appearances. The Duchess hit the red carpet with William, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall at the world premiere of James Bond film, ‘No Time To Die’ in September. Kate, who dazzled in a sparkly gold dress for the event, was one of the highlights of the evening, according to Mr Kay. He said: “She was dressed in this amazing outfit, gold, sparkling with crystals, sequins and beads. “She looked a million dollars.” ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’ is available to stream on My5.