The Brussels bloc is at odds over sanctions against President Vladimir Putin as Russian troops continue to batter Ukrainian cities. Ukraine's staunch resistance on the battlefield and Western sanctions that have isolated Russia from the world economy have raised Kyiv's hopes that Moscow would make concessions. But after four packages of sanctions issued so far by the EU, some member states are now locking horns on stricter measures. One EU diplomat told The Times: "It’s becoming clearer by the day that three sides are forming: Poland and the Baltic states, known as the Sanctionistas that want more and stronger sanctions; "Germany, Italy, Hungary, Bulgaria — the Contras — that prioritise their own economic interests; "And the rest." New talk of compromise from both Moscow and Kyiv on a status for Ukraine outside of NATO lifted hope on Wednesday for a potential breakthrough after three weeks of war. Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky said negotiations were becoming "more realistic", while Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said there was "some hope for compromise". The Kremlin said the sides were discussing status for Ukraine similar to that of Austria or Sweden, both members of the European Union that are outside the NATO military alliance. Ukraine's chief negotiator said it would give Kyiv binding international security guarantees to prevent future attacks. Though the war still ground on with Ukrainian civilians trapped in cities under Russian bombardment, the signs of compromise sent relief through global financial markets. Shares in Germany - Russia's biggest energy market - were up 3.4 percent. Three weeks into the invasion, Russian troops have been halted at the gates of Kyiv, having taken heavy losses and failed to seize any of Ukraine's biggest cities in a war Western officials say Moscow thought it would win within days. Ukrainian officials had expressed hope this week that the war could end sooner than expected. Talks were due to resume on Wednesday by video link for a third straight day, the first time they have lasted more than a single day. Zelensky said in a video address overnight: “The meetings continue, and, I am informed, the positions during the negotiations already sound more realistic. But time is still needed for the decisions to be in the interests of Ukraine.” Later on Wednesday, he said Ukrainians must fight to "defend our state, our life, our Ukrainian life," but he also emphasised negotiations for "a just but fair peace for Ukraine, real security guarantees that will work." READ MORE: Putin humiliated as kidnapped mayor RESCUED in 'special operation'  On Tuesday, Zelensky said Ukraine could accept international security guarantees that stopped short of its longstanding aim to join NATO, seen as a major shift. Keeping Ukraine out of the Western military alliance was one of Russia's main demands in the months before it launched what it calls a "special operation" to disarm and "denazify" Ukraine. "The negotiations are not easy for obvious reasons," Russia's Lavrov told media outlet RBC news. "But nevertheless, there is some hope of reaching a compromise." "Neutral status is now being seriously discussed along, of course, with security guarantees," Lavrov said. DON'T MISS:Putin ABANDONED as even closest allies ditch warmonger [INSIGHT]Putin issues warning to the West after Biden brands 'war criminal' [VIDEO]Xi Jinping 'deeply disturbed' as he scrambles to 'talk sense' into Putin [ANALYSIS] "There are absolutely specific formulations which in my view are close to agreement." Both sides painted only broad outlines in public of a proposed compromise. Vladimir Medinsky, Russia's chief negotiator, told state TV: "Ukraine is offering an Austrian or Swedish version of a neutral demilitarised state, but at the same time a state with its own army and navy." Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said of that idea: "This is a variant that is currently being discussed and which could really be seen as a compromise." Austria and Sweden both have small militaries equipped to cooperate with NATO armies. They are the biggest of six EU members outside NATO which include Russia's neighbour Finland, whose Cold War-era non-aligned status has been rejected as a model by Kyiv as offering insufficient protection. Ukraine's chief peace negotiator, Zelensky aide Mykhailo Podolyak, described the model as “a rigid agreement with a number of guarantor states undertaking clear legal obligations to actively prevent attacks”.