Manchester United interim boss Ralf Rangnick believes extra fitness work could prove the difference in helping Marcus Rashford find form once again, according to reports. The England international was left out of Gareth Southgate's Three Lions side for friendlies with Switzerland and Ivory Coast because of his concerning performances at club level. It's hoped that a welcome break can help Rashford clear his head and recharge the batteries in order to get back to his best. The 24-year-old has managed just four goals in 19 Premier League outings so far this season, the lowest tally of his United career to date. Yet there is still time for him to come good as United go in search of a top-four finish, something that currently looks unlikely on the basis of Arsenal's impressive consistency. And if Rashford is to step up his game, his manager believes some extra fitness work could hold the key. READ MORE: Kylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt ESPN claim the attacker has not had much time to work on his physical condition due to United's intense schedule. But now they are out of Europe and the FA Cup, meaning there is some extra time to rest. However, Rangnick does not want Rashford to rest as he is said to believe that improving his match fitness could help him stop drifting in and out of matches. The forward has been guilty of playing in flashes this season for United, as opposed to turning in good all-round performances. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land Chelsea star Antonio RudigerErik ten Hag's first two Man Utd signings should follow him from AjaxAchraf Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Lionel Messi and Neymar 'don't speak to him'  Rashford has been away in Dubai following the start of the international break as he looks to take his mind off football. He recently issued a statement in light of online footage that showed him confronting a group of United fans who abused him after the 1-0 Champions League defeat to Atletico Madrid. The incident was the latest low of a mentally-challenging campaign for Rashford. There was also speculation linking him with a move away from Old Trafford last month with Barcelona said to be among those keen on signing him. Earlier this month, Rangnick appeared to declare that Rashford was free to leave United if he was unhappy with his game time. “I don’t think that he’s not had enough game time,” said the 63-year-old. “He’s had 13-14 games since I’ve been here now, he played more games from the start than he didn’t play from the start. “I don’t think this is an issue and he never said anything about that since we spoke yesterday [Thursday]. But the [transfer] window is closed now. "Even suppose he and his agents or his family at one stage of the summer think about maybe going to another club, well then he can do that but in the summer. Now the window is closed. “I spoke with him yesterday and the day before so I don’t know anything about him being unhappy. He didn’t say anything to me, he said to me that he is still happy and that he wants to perform on a high level for the club. There was no mention of him not being happy here.”