Former England goalkeeper David James has urged Kalvin Phillips to join Aston Villa instead of Manchester United in order to benefit his individual development if he decides to seek a new challenge in the summer transfer window. Phillips has been heavily linked with a move away from Leeds United ahead of next season and is said to have no shortage of admirers from elsewhere in the Premier League. The 26-year-old has emerged as a hugely important player for Leeds over the last few years but has missed the majority of the current season with a hamstring injury. He has played just 12 league matches since the beginning of the campaign and returned to a matchday squad for the first time since December before the international break against Wolves.His injury problems have not put off the likes of Villa, United and Liverpool, though, with all three clubs having been mentioned in connection with a potential move for Phillips as of late. It seems as though Villa could be his most likely suitors at this stage, with the west Midlands outfit preparing to launch a £60million raid on Leeds for their star man, according to The Times.United have also been credited with an interest in landing Phillips in order to bolster their ranks in midfield, with Paul Pogba set to leave at the end of the season and the likes of Scott McTominay and Fred having failed to impress on a consistent basis in recent years. However, James is adamant that Phillips would benefit more from joining Villa and linking up with Steven Gerrard in order to fine-tune his game before moving on to a bigger club at a later date. JUST IN: Jermain Defoe: The modern-day poacher adored everywhere he went "He's one of my favourite players and that's not solely due to his footballing talent, but he's a wonderful human being too," James told GGRecon when quizzed on Phillips' future. "The lure would naturally be Manchester United because of the size of the club but this is Kalvin Phillips who plays for Leeds United."But I also think playing under Steven Gerrard in that Aston Villa squad, and adding to that where Stevie wants to take them, I believe would be the right stepping stone for Kalvin Phillips. I don't want to insinuate that Aston Villa are a stepping stone, but Gerrard will realistically want to manage a team that's eventually competing for major honours, whether that's Liverpool or another club. "Kalvin could become a member of Stevie's group at Villa and then if he does well then he can go with Stevie to the next club he moves onto. Once Stevie likes a player then he sticks with them, which is something you can sense from his relationships. I can see Stevie bringing success to Villa and that would be one exciting bus for Kalvin Phillips to be on."It remains to be seen whether Phillips will eventually decide to chase a move away from Elland Road when the transfer window re-opens at the end of the season. Leeds are said to be planning to offer the England ace a new and improved contract in order to ward off any interested parties and keep him on their books for the foreseeable future, with his current deal set to expire in the summer of 2024. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here