Barcelona are set to up their offer for Raphinha to around £42million in a bid to put the pressure on Leeds, according to reports in Spain. The Brazilian international is now the subject of strong interest from Barca, who are already understood to have offered around £29m for his services. Barcelona have maintained strong contacts with their former player Deco  - Raphinha's agent - over a move. President Joan Laporta has now confirmed the club's interest in landing the 25-year-old this summer... "We have two signings lined up, maybe a centre-back and a midfielder, yes. It could be a central defender and a midfielder, yes," Laporta told RAC1. "Raphinha, on the other hand, is a great player. We have good reports on him. Deco has his job and informs us of details so we don't make mistakes. And in some cases he has helped us a lot. READ MORE: Barcelona 'fan' Steven Gerrard waxes lyrical over Xavi appointment with 'personal message' "I want to clarify that Deco's not paid by the club. He will just help us because he dominates the Brazilian market." Spanish outlet SPORT now claim Barcelona are ready to pay around £42m for Raphinha as they look to entice them into a deal. Yet that would still represent somewhat of a gamble given that if Leeds are relegated, he could be up for grabs for just £25m. Although it now looks unlikely that the Whites will face the drop after recording back-to-back wins against Norwich and Wolves in the Premier League. DON'T MISSBarcelona transfer-list seven players as Premier League clubs alerted to summer bargainsMan Utd 'have now interviewed two other candidates' in addition to Erik ten HagBarcelona have two dream signings after 'agreeing five-year contract' with Raphinha Leeds sources have also dismissed that Raphinha has a relegation clause in his contract. Instead, they are pointing potential suitors towards his £75m release clause and are expected to rebuff any offers that land below that figure. Barcelona are expected to offer £34m plus around £8.5m in add-ons in hope it will be enough to conclude a deal. Barca have already wrapped up summer moves for Franck Kessie and Andreas Christensen, who will sign on free transfers from AC Milan and Chelsea respectively. The La Liga giants are also interested in a deal for Mohamed Salah, should the opportunity arise. He will have just one year remaining on his current Liverpool contract when the season is up. His reps remain in talks with the Reds over a new deal but an extension is currently looking unlikely. Erling Haaland has also made his way onto Barcelona's shopping list ahead of the summer and Barcelona's new bumper £237m sponsorship deal with Spotify will hand them extra spending power.