Arsenal academy product Ainsley Maitland-Niles is facing a bleak future having failed to meet expectations during his loan spell at Roma. The Englishman joined I Giallorossi in the January transfer window until the end of the season, but has found his time in the Italian capital challenging. After starting five of the first six Serie A games he was available for, he has failed to feature, instead being consigned to the bench. Rick Karsdorp and Nicola Zalewski have instead been selected over Maitland-Niles, with Roma unbeaten in that timespan. The Gunners outcast had enjoyed a successful loan spell at West Brom over the second half of last season, becoming a regular feature for the Baggies. But he was unable to earn a place in Mikel Arteta's squad at the Emirates, despite the Arsenal boss vetoing any departure last summer. That came despite Maitland-Niles requesting he be allowed to leave in search of game-time, a request finally granted when Roma came calling in January. Jose Mourinho had been excited to bring the 24-year-old to the Stadio Olimpico, but the move appears to be failing. READ MORE: Arsenal must grant Arteta transfer wish as top-four spot beckons According to Siamo La Roma, Maitland-Niles is 'likely to return' to Arsenal at the end of the season. It is stated that the midfielder is 'not meeting expectations' in the Italian capital and has failed to prove he can be a 'valid' option for the Serie A giants. Maitland-Niles had been expected to give Mourinho more options across his squad thanks to his 'tactical verstality'. Instead though he has not proven to be a 'real alternative' to his competitors for a place in Roma's starting line-up. DON'T MISS: Arsenal star Torreira has tooth knocked out after Inter Milan goal (NEWS)Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta may give up on flop after nightmare showing (INSIGHT)Arsenal icon Ian Wright sends crystal clear message to club's owners (ANALYSIS) In fact, Maitland-Niles has struggled so much that he now 'sees little of the pitch' and has 'lost a few positions' in the pecking order at the Olimpico. That means that Karsdorp and Zalewski will be 'condemned' to play as much as possible in the final months of the campaign. Having failed to prove himself in a league in which other English exports Tammy Abraham and Fikayo Tomori have excelled, the future appears bleak for Maitland-Niles. He is unlikely to be able to break into Arteta's plans when he returns to Arsenal and it is hard to see a Premier League club opting to make a move for a player who has struggled in a top division.