The Duchess of York was joined by Rafał Trzaskowski, the mayor of Warsaw, as she met Ukrainian refugees on Thursday. Sarah took to social media to share a series of pictures from her visit to Poland. The Duchess said on Twitter and Instagram: "The invasion of Ukraine is heartbreaking to watch. "So many families are being separated and displaced. "I'm honoured to be welcomed to Poland today by @trzaskowski_ and meeting Ukrainian refugees. "Poland has taken in at least 1.7m so far."   Sarah's visit comes as millions of Ukrainians have fled the country since Vladimir Putin launched his devastating attack on February 24. One picture shows an emotional Sarah hugging a woman, while the mother-of-two plays with a group of young children in another image. The Duchess was smart in a black dress and royal blue blazer for the trip. Sarah's visit to Poland is the latest show of support for Ukraine by members of the Royal Family. READ MORE: Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson mark bittersweet milestone today Prince William and Kate last week met volunteers at the Ukrainian Cultural Centre in London, who were filling lorries with aid to support the humanitarian relief effort following Moscow's invasion. And earlier this month, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge shared a tweet in solidarity with Ukraine. The couple wrote: "In October 2020 we had the privilege to meet President Zelenskyy and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine's future. DON'T MISSThe bizarre royal travel rule William and Kate always break [ANALYSIS]Sophie Wessex's latest outing draws comparisons to Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Kate dazzles in striking green as Duchess joins Prince William [PICTURES] "Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine's people as they bravely fight for that future W & C." Meanwhile, Prince Charles and Camilla visited the Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral in London earlier in March. During the engagement, the Prince of Wales said: "I must say my wife and I have been deeply moved by everything we've heard today during our visit and above all by the extraordinary bravery, generosity and fortitude of the Ukrainian community in the face of such truly terrible aggression." The Queen has made a "generous donation" to the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) appeal for Ukraine. Charles and the Cambridges are also understood to have made donations to the fundraiser. 