The Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) voted eight to one to increase rates from 0.5 percent to 0.75 percent. This marks the third rise in a row. This could be good news for savers as many banks will consider raising their interest rates, meaning people can get more for their money, however an expert warns Britons should be looking elsewhere. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Ben Pollard, CEO and Founder of Cushon about the interest rate increase and how it will impact savers. He said: “High street banks aren’t obliged to adjust their savings rates in response to the latest Bank of England interest rate hike. “Even if they do adjust rates, they’re unlikely to translate to any great moves from already low rates and it could take months for any adjustments to come through anyway. READ MORE: State pensioners could boost their income up to £89 every week - are you eligible? Additionally, Mr Pollard discussed alternative options for Britons and their money. He continued: “On the flip side of the coin, the interest rate rise is likely to lead to more pressure on our finances, making it even more important that every penny counts when it comes to saving. “It’s a time when employers need to consider what they can do to help their employees’ take-home pay go further. “For instance, pension salary exchange is a great way to get extra money into the pockets of employees – pension contributions remain the same but National Insurance contributions reduce so take home pay increases. “And the employer also saves, and these savings can either be kept or paid into employees’ savings providing a vital boost in the current cost of living crisis.” An employer might offer the option of salary sacrifice as part of their pension scheme. This is a way to make pension savings more tax-efficient and could mean take home pay increases. If someone chooses to take up the option, they would be agreeing to a reduction in salary and their employer will then pay the difference into their pension, along with their contribution to the scheme. As they are effectively earning a lower salary, both them and their employer pay lower National Insurance contributions, which often means take-home pay will be higher. Better still, an employer might pay part or all their National Insurance savings into their pension too, but this is their own decision. Currently, the minimum salary at which workers pay National Insurance is £9,568. However, the Chancellor Rishi Sunak will increase the income threshold at which people pay the levy by 3.1 percent to £9,880 from next month. National Insurance could cost the average worker a whopping £2,706 a year from April. The average worker earning £30,000 a year will pay an extra £255 in National Insurance from April 6. It will lift their annual National Insurance bill to £2,706, a staggering nine percent of their salary.