Liverpool have been told to pip Manchester United to Leeds midfielder Kalvin Phillips in the summer transfer window by club icon John Barnes. Phillips has played a key role in Leeds’ rise to the Premier League. Phillips has been absent for much of the campaign and that has coincided with a difficult season for the Yorkshire outfit. They are 16th in the top-flight, with Marcelo Bielsa losing his job in February. The England star – who has not played since December – will return to a Leeds side now coached by former RB Leipzig tactician Jesse Marsch. The American earned his first win at the third attempt in last weekend’s 2-1 win over Norwich. A hamstring injury has kept Phillips out of action for four months. And he could be coming to the end of his Leeds career with several top teams interested in the 26-year-old.   JUST IN: Tuchel's four-word message on what he demands from new Chelsea owners Man Utd were linked with a move for Phillips last summer. A £50m-rated transfer did not happen, though, with the Red Devils instead prioritising forwards and defenders. Former Liverpool winger Barnes has now told the Reds to pip the likes of United and Manchester City to Phillips. He believes the ‘high intensity’ with which Phillips plays would suit a switch to Liverpool rather than Premier League leaders City.   DON'T MISS...Chelsea takeover: Six 'serious' bidders ahead of 9pm deadlineMan Utd quoted £67m for striker 'target' as Newcastle remain in huntJurgen Klopp's worrying four-word remark as Alexander-Arnold injured “Kalvin Phillips would suit Liverpool’s midfield. If you are a hardworking, strong midfield player who plays with high intensity – then you’ll suit Liverpool. If you’re more technical then you’d suit Manchester City [better],” Barnes told BonusCodeBets. “He won’t necessarily sign for Liverpool because he’s at Leeds and is happy, but in terms of if he’d suit Liverpool – then absolutely!” Liverpool might want to sign a new midfielder in the summer, with James Milner approaching the end of his contract. Phillips could provide competition to Fabinho in the defensive midfield role of Jurgen Klopp’s 4-3-3 system.    The Reds have also been widely linked with Phillips’ England team-mate Jude Bellingham. However, it will likely take a premium fee to prise the teenager away from Borussia Dortmund. Meanwhile, Leeds boss Marsch has confirmed that Phillips is now available for selection after recovering from his hamstring injury. "Liam [Cooper] and Kalvin are fully in training and are eligible for this weekend," Marsch said of Phillips, who has been left out of the England squad ahead of upcoming fixtures against Switzerland and Ivory Coast.   