Actress Alison Steadman has hit back at "political correctness" following the backlash Gavin and Stacey received over the names of the characters. In an unearthed interview, the star, 75, who plays Pamela on the hit BBC show, said that criticism over the sitcom had been taken "too far", adding that nicknames on the show were simply "fun names". The star is set to appear on Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh today, where she may discuss her time on Gavin and Stacey alongside other acting projects. Alison has played Gavin's mum Pam since the first episode aired back in 2007. She starred opposite Larry Lamb, who played the role of her husband, Mick. Despite being loved by viewers generally, the favourite BBC programme recently sparked backlash due to Pam's friend's nickname, "Japanese Margaret". Addressing the criticism in autumn 2020, Alison said: "I was shocked and upset by it. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' "It's like, Pam's got a friend called 'Japanese Margaret', but it's not because she is being racist. "They are fun names and we all do it with friends," she added. However, the star also said she understood some of the backlash. Alison went on: "I can understand why suddenly people start going, 'Argh'. "But come on, no one wants to be racist. "No one wants to be disrespectful. "I think sometimes we take political correctness too far," she said to Belfast Telegraph. Two years ago, the BBC confirmed that Gavin and Stacey episodes would be staying on iPlayer in spite of social media backlash over past episodes. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal [INSIGHT]Britney Spears thinking about getting 'a boob job' after weight loss [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen blasted by Chris Evans for 'rude' radio comments [UPDATE] The hit BBC comedy, written by James Corden and Ruth Jones, was criticised over the names of its characters, such as "Seth, the black fella", "Big Fat Sue" and "Chinese Alan". The broadcaster removed Little Britain from the streaming platform for its past blackface sketches, but is standing by Gavin and Stacey. Programme writer Ruth Jones, who also stars as Nessa on the show, previously defended an anti-gay slur in the Christmas special. Defending the remarks, she said that the characters are "never going to be intentionally hurtful". She said: "It is a different climate. But we have to remain true to the characters, to who they were. "Characters in Gavin & Stacey are kind and big-hearted, I believe. So I think no one is going to be intentionally hurtful. "But by the same token, they're not necessarily going to be completely politically correct or be aware of political correctness," she told The Sun. Her comments came after Nessa and Bryn, played by Rob Brydon, sung the word "f****t" during a karaoke session to The Pogues Fairytale of New York. Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh airs today at 11am on ITV.