If you use Sky over Virgin Media then look away now. Virgin has just announced a big shakeup to its set-top box and, right now, Sky can't match it. The big change is bringing the popular BritBox app to Virgin's hardware which means customers will be able to tune into shows such as Broadchurch, Downton Abbey, Vera, Only Fools and Horses and Love Island directly through their TV 360 or V6 devices. Although Sky offers similar access to apps such as Disney+, Netflix and Prime Video, there's no way to watch BritBox from Sky Q or the new Sky Glass TV without using another device such as a streaming stick. Virgin says that more changes will come later this year when Britbox joins the new ITVX service. If you weren't already aware, ITVX is a new streaming service that promises to offer thousands of boxsets, an ever-changing library of movies and will also see new exclusive series added on a weekly basis. Along with a free tier that will be advert-supported, there will also be a premier tier that includes full access to BritBox. READ MORE: Your Sky TV box gets the big upgrade TODAY that you were promised two years ago Speaking about the update Tom Price, BritBox UK’s Commercial Director said: "We are thrilled to bring BritBox to Virgin TV customers, building on the multi-year partnership ITV and Virgin Media O2 announced last year. Launching Britbox on Virgin TV means that even more customers now have easy access to the best of British entertainment, including original dramas Magpie Murders and Murder in Provence, and just in time for Sanditon Series 2." And David Bouchier, Chief TV and Entertainment Officer at Virgin Media O2 added: “BritBox is a fantastic addition to Virgin Media’s TV platform, offering our customers access to their favourite British programmes along with host of top TV channels and apps – all in one place.” Although Virgin Media has beaten Sky with this update there is good news for customers of the satellite TV firm. Sky has just announced that all of this year's F1 championship will be shown in stunning 4K HDR. This will make all of the racing action look pin-sharp and packed with more detail than ever. If you weren't already aware, HDR offers, as the name suggests, a greater breadth of brightness and colour in the image. This means you'll see brighter lights, deeper blacks, and richer colours compared with SDR, or Standard Dynamic Range.