With heavy Russian support trailing up to 40 miles long, headed towards Kyiv, pictures have now emerged showing the smouldering remains of what appears to be Russian tanks. Ukrainian forces alleged just under 6,000 Russian troops have been killed since the start of the invasion, with loyal locals taking up arms to defend their country.  Many of the destroyed tanks are believed to be in the city of Bucha, located north of the capital. Aside from those seen in Bucha, similar images have emerged from other cities. Ukraine’s second city Kharkiv has also produced similar results against Russian tanks. Russian military forces have increased pressure on Ukraine in recent days.  Missiles strikes have hit key targets in Kharkiv and Kyiv, with the television tower being targeted yesterday. However, the resistance being met appears to be far more than tanks. According to a Facebook post by Ukrainian sources, soldiers had also destroyed 61 aircraft, over 200 tanks, 862 armoured vehicles, 85 artillery systems, nine anti-aircraft systems, 60 fuel tanks and had seized 40 Russian rocket launchers. This information has not been independently verified.  READ MORE:UK was first on Russia shows Scot and NI independence can't happen Russian sources have yet to release official figures surrounding their losses or casualties. State media in Moscow has shown a different side to the war, with airstrikes against Ukrainian assets being favoured over other images. Russians have also denied social media clips of lost soldiers, tanks with no fuel and surrendering troops as fake. Russian Defence Ministry spokesman Igor Konashenkov said Russian forces had dealt significant damage to Ukrainian defences in kind. The spokesman said: “A total of 311 tanks and other armoured military vehicles, 42 aeroplanes and helicopters, 51 multiple launch rocket systems, 147 field artillery weapons and mortars, and 263 specialised military vehicles have been destroyed.” These figures have also yet to be verified.  DON'T MISS:Russia cuts off water supplies as horror plans laid bare [REPORT]Nike joins Apple in closing online sales in Russia [REVEAL]Russia to snub SWIFT sanctions with own version [INSIGHT] The civilian death toll has increased significantly in the past three days since Russia began its bombardment, with Ukrainian authorities yesterday reporting 352 civilian deaths since the start of the invasion, including 14 children. Varying reports suggest up to 870,000 Ukrainians have now fled the country towards Eastern Europe. Multiple companies have reacted furiously to the invasion of Ukraine, and have ceased activity in Russia. Nike, Adidas, Apple and multiple shipping companies have all stated they are suspending various services in protest.  Reports are emerging Russian actions in Ukraine amount to war crimes. International Criminal Court prosecutor Karim Khan confirmed on Monday a probe will be launched into Russia's bombing campaign. He said: “I wish to announce that I have decided to proceed with opening an investigation into the situation in Ukraine, as rapidly as possible. “I am satisfied that there is a reasonable basis to believe that both alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity have been committed in Ukraine.” Russia state 14,000 separatists have been killed in Eastern Ukraine over the last 8 years. Putin describes the invasion of Ukraine as a “special operation” designed to rid Ukraine of brutal military actions and Nazi ideology. 