Sellers are typically asking £354,564 for a property – £5,760 or 1.7 percent more than last month, the biggest rise at this time of year since 2004. The average price tag on a “top of the property ladder” home with at least four bedrooms went up by £23,619 (3.8 percent) to £647,112. Rightmove said asking prices generally are 10.4 percent more than a year ago – the highest it has recorded since June 2014. Valuations are being stoked by a gap between the total of homes available and demand, making for a strong sellers’ market. Site chiefs said there are more than twice as many buyers as active sellers, the worst mismatch they have recorded at this time of year. Agents say despite the high demand, a price cut is often needed if a home has not found a buyer in two weeks. Tim Bannister, Rightmove’s director of property data, said: “Many of those who are selling in this record-breaking market obviously also face the prospect of buying again in the same market and being in fierce competition. “Having a buyer for your own property, subject to contract, puts those who are buying again in a powerful position compared to buyers who have yet to sell. “Agents report that these ‘power buyers’ are more likely to get the property that they want and negotiate the best deal on price.” Bannister said reductions are sometimes needed if “the property is too niche and has to wait for the right buyer with those specific requirements to come along. More often it’s due to prospective buyers being underwhelmed by a seller looking for an over-optimistic asking price compared with other properties that are being snapped up. “Acting quickly on a price reduction before the property goes stale can help to get sellers back on track for a speedier sale”. Kate Eales, head of regional agency at Strutt & Parker, said: “The increase in demand for larger homes is evident as buyers search for more space including room for a home office. “People planning to work from home for three days a week or more in the longer term have created new hotspots across the country for part-time commuters, including Shropshire, North Cotswolds and Suffolk.”