Barcelona star Memphis Depay is open to leaving the club in this summer’s transfer window, according to reports. Tottenham have emerged as frontrunners in the race to sign the former Manchester United star. But clubs from Italy are keen as well, with the forward presently weighing up his options. Barcelona signed Depay back in the summer, with the Dutchman touching down at the Nou Camp to play under Ronald Koeman. However, ever since the departure of Koeman and appointment of Xavi, the 28-year-old has struggled for game time - often falling behind Ousmane Dembele in the club’s pecking order. It’s been reported on Sunday that Tottenham have already made an offer to land Depay at the end of the campaign amid uncertainty over the player’s future. And, now, Sport say the Netherlands international is open to leaving Barcelona providing they don’t make him too expensive for other clubs to sign. Last year, Depay chose to join Barcelona on a low salary. The Catalan titans had lost Lionel Messi, with Antoine Griezmann later joining the Argentina international out of the exit door. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Depay had been attracting interest from other teams but opted to move to Barcelona, enticed by the chance to play on the biggest stage. With 10 La Liga goals from 20 appearances, the winger has enjoyed a positive start to life in Catalonia. However, with the player now behind the likes of Dembele and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in Xavi’s pecking order, a parting of the ways may be on the cards. Though Depay has continued to be selected by the Netherlands, he knows he needs to play regularly if he’s to make their World Cup squad later in the year. With just a year left on his deal, he’s prepared to depart so long as Barcelona don’t try to price him out of a move. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message And it’s Tottenham who may now benefit, with Antonio Conte looking to improve his squad at the end of the campaign. Spurs are, however, not the only club being linked. Juventus are also in the picture to sign Depay, with the Serie A giants likely to lose attacker Paulo Dybala on a free transfer. Inter Milan and AC Milan are fighting it out for the La Liga title but they, too, are interested in securing the player’s services. And Napoli can’t be ruled out, either, with the Italian titans eager to challenge for the Scudetto once again next season. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Depay previously played in England with Manchester United. Signed by PSV Eindhoven in the summer of 2015, the forward was tipped to become their modern day version of Cristiano Ronaldo. Depay lasted just 18 months at Old Trafford, however, before being axed by Jose Mourinho having failed to convince. And, speaking last year, the Barcelona star admitted he suffered in England prior to leaving for Lyon. “It was very frustrating I didn’t reach my usual level,” he said. “The adaption took more time than I thought and soon I had problems with the defensive way of playing. “My freedom on the pitch was limited. Doing that means you limit my main qualities. “At PSV, I had the freedom to search for the offensive spaces and follow my instincts. “At United I got confused. I had to follow the tactical orders of Van Gaal, otherwise I would certainly lose my spot in the team. Van Gaal doesn’t like players who don’t follow up on his comments. “Meanwhile I knew I couldn’t get the best out of my play this way: staying on the left side of the field, running back and forth. “I didn’t understand: you buy me because of my specific qualities you saw at PSV and the Dutch national team. “After that you put me in a role where I can’t play that way anymore. For me that was confusing.”