Police officers discovered a shocking 182 videos with graphic animal cruelty on mobile phones seized during an investigation. Some of these videos had been set to music and edited for use on TikTok. An RSPCA spokesperson told Express.co.uk that the sickening phenomenon is on the rise on social media platforms, provoking a “glamorisation” of this behaviour. The spokesperson said: “It's incredibly worrying to see more and more incidents of animal cruelty being posted and shared on social media.” And they explained: “Not only does some of this content seek to glamorise this sort of behaviour, but a lot of it can be seen and shared by young, impressionable users who may be encouraged to recreate things they've seen.” The videos uncovered during the investigation showed dogs prompted to attack other animals such as cats, or used to hunt badgers, deer, rabbits and birds. Lancashire Police began the investigation after someone witnessed two teenagers encouraging a dog to attack a cat on an estate in Burnley, in March last year. The cat, a pet named Gatsby, was rushed to the vet by its owners once they discovered what was going on, but unfortunately it was already late as his injuries were fatal. The photos and videos found on the boys’ phones led the police to discover more teenagers in the same area, involved in such cruel activities. READ MORE: Horror as Labrador mauled to death by two other dogsBlind dog who likes to be held like baby looking for homeDog stuck underground for nearly three DAYS is freed As a result of the investigation, three teenagers were sentenced in February, with one of them being jailed for 18 months, while all were disqualified from keeping animals for 10 years. RSPCA stepped forward and took the tortured dogs under their care, including two lurcher-type dogs called Ace and Cassie and a crossbreed called Storm. A vet who reviewed the videos said that the poor animals have been caused to suffer, as the footage detailed “various events involving dogs, a cat and wildlife which raised concern for the welfare of the animals involved.”During the teenagers’ trial, the prosecutor told the court that the level of offending was 'off the scale'. At the same time, the police officer who led the investigation, said: "This group of lads was targeting animals on the council estate they lived on as well as wildlife in the surrounding area." He added that the footage on their mobile phones was “awful”, showing ”extreme” cruelty to animals, especially since many of the videos had been set to music and edited for sharing on social media. Express.co.uk has reached out to TikTok for comment. Some of the dogs that appeared in the videos were used to find and kill badgers, a process which was outlawed in 1973 but is still happening across the country. Apart from the wildlife that is injured and killed during such acts, the dogs involved could suffer horrible recurring injuries like cuts and wounds around the face. The RSPCA warns that if someone sees a dog, usually a terrier or lurcher, with similar injuries, they should immediately inform their organisation or the police. In 2020, RSPCA recorded an appalling 274 percent increase (431 over 157 in 2019) of the animal cruelty videos reported, while during only the first four months of 2021, there were 151 photos and videos recorded. The majority of the incidents appeared on Facebook. Some of these videos included: a magpie being thrown across the road; people kicking their dogs; even cockerels being forced to fight. DON'T MISS: Campaigners call for end to tourist horse carriages in MajorcaAdorable paralysed puppy offered new start in pink wheelchairHeartbreak as dog kills black swan before its eggs could hatch In a survey done among RSPCA officers, 81 percent of them answered that more abuse is being caught on camera due to the prevalence of social media. Furthermore, one in five officers said one of the main causes of cruelty to animals is people hurting animals to make themselves more popular on social media. Footage with animal cruelty, which, according to RSPCA, is increasingly spreading on social media, can reach young people and children, who are the predominant and most frequent users. Unfortunately, the views and interactions that graphic footage attracts makes it even more visible, as the platforms feed from increased traffic and boost content when it receives attention. David Allen, Head of Prevention and Education at RSPCA, said: “Sadly, we have seen an increase in recent years in the number of incidents of animal cruelty being posted and shared on social media such as Facebook, Instagram, TikTok and Snapchat. “We’re very concerned that the use of social media has changed the landscape of abuse with videos of animal cruelty being shared for likes and kudos with this sort of content normalising - and even making light of - animal cruelty.”