Nigel Farage said he had begun to question the Government's strategy after Roman Abramovich was included in the list of Russian oligarchs facing sanctions for their links to Vladimir Putin. The British Government has so far sanctioned 18 oligarchs, with Abramovich one of the latest seven to see his assets frozen and leaving Chelsea facing serious sale obstacles. But former Millwall FC chairman Theo Paphitis was quick to dismiss Mr Farage's questions on whether the Government should have abided by due process and insisted sanctions is one of the few weapons the UK has to hit Russia. Speaking on his daily GB News programme, the British MEP said: "The reason that's been given is that he has ties to Vladimir Putin, he himself rejects that. "Either way, I'm beginning to ask myself the question, 'what are we trying to do?' "I guess what we're doing is we're trying to turn the rich Russian oligarchs against President Putin. That's the game that the Government are engaged in. "And yet, is it right to effectively seize people's assets without any form, any sense of due process." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG But Mr Paphitis said: "Hold on, Nigel, hold on. Remember why they're doing this. "There's no due process about moving into Ukraine and bombing innocent civilians. So don't give me the due process. "There's no due process in Russia. So let's push that one out of the window and stop getting wind up about it." He continued: "Fact is, the Government which, as you know, I'm not a massive fan of, have got very little few weapons in their armoury in regards to this situation. READ MORE: Russia 'does not understand trouble it is in' after Ukraine secures game-changing weapon "One of those is sanctions, it's the biggest one and a huge amount of sanctions have been put on. "And you're absolutely right in what you're saying, they're trying to put as much pressure on Russia to force some form of change. "Whether there's some form in regime or some change in leader. As you said, you don't know where this is going to move to. "It could escalate to levels that are unimaginable." DON'T MISS Xi Jinping on path to conflict with Putin as China could STARVE [REPORT] Chernobyl crisis: Lukashenko turns on Putin to secure nuclear plant [REVEAL] Brexit Britain goes ’full steam ahead’ with £6bn Five Eyes plan [INSIGHT] On Friday Britain announced asset freezes and travel bans on 386 members of the Russian Duma who voted for the independence of two breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine. Announcing the move in a statement, the Foreign Office said: "Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has today sanctioned 386 members of the Duma, the lower house of the Russian parliament, for their support for the Ukrainian breakaway regions of Luhansk and Donetsk. "The new sanctions will ban those listed from travelling to the UK, accessing assets held within the UK, and doing business here." Liz Truss added: "We're targeting those complicit in Putin's illegal invasion of Ukraine and those who support this barbaric war. "We will not let up the pressure and will continue to tighten the screw on the Russian economy through sanctions. "Together with our allies, we stand firmly beside our Ukrainian friends. "We will continue to support Ukraine with humanitarian aid, defensive weapons, and diplomatic work to isolate Russia internationally." complicit in Putin's illegal invasion of Ukraine and those who support this barbaric war. We will not let up the pressure and will continue to tighten the screw on the Russian economy through sanctions. "Together with our allies, we stand firmly beside our Ukrainian friends. We will continue to support Ukraine with humanitarian aid, defensive weapons and diplomatic work to isolate Russia internationally."