Premium Bonds are overseen by NS&I and have been popular since their inception back in the 1950s. Each month, savers have the opportunity to scoop the £1million jackpot, or a host of other prizes. To do so, they forfeit the chance to secure an interest rate on their cash, as Premium Bonds have a prize rate fund instead. Due to being a Government-backed savings institution, any cash deposited into an NS&I account - including Premium Bonds - is 100 percent guaranteed and protected. Prizes can range anywhere between £25 and the sought after £1million. However, account holders will need to hold their bonds for a full month before they are entered into the jackpot. READ MORE: 'Can't afford it!' Brits slam 'outrageous' 95p first class stamp The ultimate goal of people who save into Premium Bonds is to win, and ideally to strike it lucky. But many are concerned about their chances of actually securing a prize. One rumour which has often circulated is that winning Premium Bonds are the ones bought most recently. The system dates back to the 1950s, but not all Bonds are eligible for the draw. DON'T MISSNatWest offers 3.04% interest rate through its ‘go-to’ account [INSIGHT]WASPI women fear free prescription age increase [UPDATE]Barclays issues warning as woman, 50, loses £40,000 in vicious scam [WARNING] As such, people have questioned their chances of winning if their Bonds are slightly older. NS&I has outlined the details, dispelling this frequently held belief. Its website states: “Each £1 Bond number has an equal chance of winning, regardless of when or where it was bought. “Over 95 percent of eligible Bonds have been bought since the year 2000. “So even though Premium Bonds have been on sale for over 60 years, this is why newer Bonds seem to win more frequently.” NS&I referred to its number-generator machine ERNIE - standing for Electronic Random Number Indicator Equipment. When the machine randomly generates winners, it does not store any numbers. This means there is no way any Bonds can be left out of the draw. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea One example is that in 2004, the £1million jackpot was won by a customer with a £17 holding. They first purchased their Bonds all the way back in 1959. In March, two people won the £1million jackpot, from Devon and Cheshire West and Chester respectively. The first jackpot winner had the number 170MY806167, and their winning bond was worth £2,000, purchased in 2010. The second lucky millionaire had the number 276RS522196, with a value of £8,000. It was first purchased in 2016.