Nick Kyrgios let his temper get the better of him against Rafael Nadal after losing his serve at a crucial point of the first set. Matches between Kyrgios and Nadal have provided plenty of fireworks on every occasion and this match wasn't going to disappoint.  Kyrgios has been in good form this week, beating both Federico Delbonis and No 8 seed Casper Ruud in straight sets. Nadal has been made to work for his place in the quarter-finals, surviving a scare against American Sebastian Korda in the opening round. And it was the form player who began the match in fantastic fashion, breaking Nadal's serve to take an early lead. But Kyrgios appeared to grow agitated throughout the first set with certain members of the crowd. The Australian could be heard murmuring to some spectators before his frustrations got the better of him. Nadal sensed an opportunity to level the first set with Kyrgios noticeably being wound up even more. And the Spaniard took his chance to level the set at 5-5 with Kyrgios reacting furiously. The 26-year-old hurled his racket onto the floor, smashing it into pieces before punching a board on the way to his seat. Kyrgios was unable to put those frustrations to one side as the first set entered a tiebreak decider. Nadal took full advantage of Kyrgios appearing to be distracted to race to a 6-0 lead with the Australian serving to stay in the set. But he wasn't even able to make his serve after being given a point penalty for audible obscenity towards a fan. Kyrgios has often polarised tennis fans for his antics on the tennis court with Nadal one of the players on tour to speak out against the Australian for overstepping the mark on occasions. There's been no doubt of Kyrgios' talents since breaking onto the ATP Tour, but he's been guilty of missed opportunities. Speaking ahead of their match this week, Nadal said: “He’s playing great, no? “He’s one of the toughest opponents on tour – everybody knows how good he is when he’s motivated, probably tomorrow he will be. It’s going to be a good test for me, a good challenge – I’m very excited to be in the quarterfinals.”  