Princess Charlene has returned home to her husband Prince Albert and children Prince Jacques and Princess Gabriella after moving into a treatment facility in November, shortly after her return to South Africa. The Monegasque palace confirmed Charlene's medical team gave the princess permission to return home following an "encouraging recovery". The official statement, issued over the weekend, read: "The next few weeks should allow for Princess Charlene to further strengthen Her health before gradually resuming Her official duties and commitments." The princess, the palace also said, is looking forward to meeting with Monaco citizens during future engagements, once her health is fully recovered. However, the palace cautioned the princess is on the mend but still needs to take care of herself before being able to get back on royal and public duties. The statement read: "In order for Princess Charlene to achieve a full recovery and as She still needs peace and calm, The Princely Couple therefore asks that their private life and family environment continue to be respected." Follow live updates on the Royal Family here Charlene has been struggling with her health for almost one year. The princess travelled to South Africa, where she grew up, in May to carry out conservation work with her charity. While the trip was meant to last for less than a fortnight, the princess remained stuck in the country for six months as she developed a severe ENT infection that prevented her from flying. During her forced stay in South Africa, Charlene had to undergo several medical visits and procedures - the last taking place in early October. READ MORE: Queen health fears as monarch’s diary to be assessed While in South Africa, the princess was forced to miss several important family moments, including her 10th wedding anniversary and Jacques and Gabriella's first day of school. Princess Charlene was visited by her family twice during her forced stay abroad and, on Instagram, she revealed she was remaining in close touch with her loved ones via regular video calls. The Monegasque first lady was eventually able to travel back to the principality in early November and many members of the public were expecting her to resume her royal duties and, in particular, to attend National Day - the country's most important celebrations falling on November 19. However, the Monaco palace announced Charlene would need to spend some time away from the limelight to fully recover. A few days later, Prince Albert revealed Charlene had decided to go to a treatment facility after it became clear she was suffering from "exhaustion, both emotional and physical". Speaking about his wife's decision to seek professional help, Albert told People magazine at the time: "She had already made her decision, and we only wanted her to confirm it in front of us. "She wanted this. She already knew the best thing to do was to go and have a rest and have a real medically framed treatment." The head of the Grimaldi House also set the record straight, stating Charlene's absence from home was purely related to her health and dismissed any speculation regarding marital issues. He said: "I'm probably going to say this several times, but this has nothing to do with our relationship. "I want to make that very clear. These are not problems within our relationship; not with the relationship between a husband and wife. "It's of a different nature." Prince Albert didn't reveal where his wife went for treatment, simply saying it was a facility elsewhere in Europe. During her time at the facility, Charlene was forced to celebrate key dates via social media, including her twin children's seventh birthday. Charlene also marked her own birthday, on January 25, by sharing an Instagram post crafted for her by her foundation. Her return home means Charlene will be able to celebrate with her loved ones the birthday of Prince Albert, who turns 64 on March 14.