Nick (played by Ben Price) has been doing his best to be a good father to his son, Sam Blakeman (Jude Riordan), following the death of his mother last year on Coronation Street. With the support of his partner, Leanne (Jane Danson), the businessman thought they could become a quaint little family unit that could all be there for each other given their recent struggles. However, Leanne has been hiding something from Nick and official soap spoilers have revealed he will discover what it is in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap and he won't be too happy about being kept in the dark. The drama begins as Nick continues with his mission to pull his son away from chess, as Sam seems to have developed a strong passion for the game. A couple of weeks ago, Nick told the youngster he could no longer play with Roy Cropper (David Neilson) as he needed to focus on his schoolwork. What he hasn't realised is his partner, Leanne, has been letting his son continue on the sly and she has made a pact with the schoolboy not to say anything about the secret. However, the truth unravels when the businessman tells his son he's booked for them to visit the Space Centre as the youngster is interested in astrology. Unfortunately, the father of one is less disconcerted by the lack of interest Sam is showing towards going on the trip. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role This is when the truth comes out about Leanne's secret as Sam admits he's been playing chess with Roy for the past couple of weeks. Knowing the only way this could have happened is if his partner has been taking him, Nick doesn't shy away from showing his fury towards Leanne. The businessman will want answers as to why his request to stop playing chess was ignored but this could also lead him to take drastic action. Not wanting his son to have anything to do with chess anymore, Nick could decide he and Sam are going to leave the cobbles. Unable to forgive Leanne for betraying him, Nick could also tell her their relationship is over as he is going to struggle to trust her again. This would be the last thing Leanne would have been expecting to happen as she just thought she was doing what was best for him. Since her youngest son, Oliver Battersby (Emmanuel and Jeremiah Cheetham) died in 2020, and Natasha Blakeman's (Rachel Leskovac) death last year, she has become a surrogate mother to Sam. Instead of seeing him punished for enjoying himself, she wanted him to carry on with strengthening his passion for the game. Knowing they have very different parenting styles could be the reason Nick would decide to end his relationship with his other half. However, with a massive hole left in her life with no partner and no child to look after, Leanne would become a recluse once more, just after she started to get her life back on track following the loss of Oliver. DON'T MISS...Maggie Fox dead: Coronation Street actress dies in 'sudden accident' [COMMENT]Colson Smith weight loss: Corrie star's 10-stone transformation [PICTURES]Catherine Tyldelsey's husband 'fuming' after secret slipped [COMMENT] Will she reach out to Nick in the hope he and his son will come back to Weatherfield or will she have lost them forever? The actor who plays Nick, Ben, has spoken out about how he thought his character and Leanne were going to cope with being parents again. Ben explained: "It is going to be painful but it is a healing thing between them after Oliver. "Sam is not replacing him, however, she does now have a different focus which will be her, Sam and Nick and how they make a family. "And the fact that Nick has taken on Simon [Barlow] and Oliver previously means that they understand each other’s situation and now Leanne has to take Sam on. "If there is anyone who can understand grief and help Sam get through it, then that is Leanne after what she has just gone through losing Oliver." Asked whether there could ever be a happy ending for his character and Leanne, Ben said he would prefer them to have challenges. The soap star explained: "As an actor no [I don't want them to be happy], it’s always better to have drama! "Maybe it would be nice to see them have an easier time of it for a while. I would love them to be a family. To get a house on the street and become a new generation of the Tilsleys, a family in their own right alongside the Platt family would be great. "It would be great for Nick and Leanne to get married and Sam to take Nick’s name so then we have a new family on the street with links to the past. "The dynamic of the family always lends itself to those high stake stories and Jane and I like being part of that." "Nick and Leanne aren't really built for domestic bliss, they work best when there is a crisis they have to work through," he said. However, could it be parenting Sam is going to be a roadblock the beloved couple are not going to be able to get over? Taking to Twitter, viewers have been sharing their thoughts on the family's latest storyline, with Owen writing: "The silliest yet best secret/lie in #Corrie recently - Leanne letting Sam play Chess with Roy behind Nick’s back." Ryan posted: "Leanne you cannot keep lying to Nick the truth will come out eventually." "Nick’s gonna go ape when he knows what Leanne has done by letting Sam play chess #Corrie," Zombie 404 shared on the social media platform. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.