Coronation Street viewers will remember Rick (played by Greg Wood) terrorised Weatherfield residents during his time on the ITV soap. Official spoilers have revealed the loan shark's body is about to be unearthed after three years. Will his broken-hearted daughter Kelly (Millie Gibson) leave the cobbles when she discovers who was behind his death?  Gary Windass (Mikey North) killed Rick in 2019 after being lured to the forest by the loan shark. Although the businessman lashed out in self-defence, Gary decided to cover up the crime and has spent years hiding the truth from Kelly and Laura Neelan (Kel Allen). Kelly has been assuming Rick's been on the run from the police for the past three years. However, her world looks set to come crashing down in upcoming scenes when his body is discovered. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5: Kayce Dutton to die after Luke Grimes clue? In scenes yet to air, Kelly's horrified to learn the police are at a training ground searching for a body. Gary and his wife Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon) start to panic as they know Rick was buried there. They try and mask their concern when the police find a body at the construction site of the new ground. A tearful Kelly clings to the hope her father is still alive, but a detective soon breaks the news to her that his team found Rick's body.  The distraught youngster breaks down in utter disbelief and her mind starts to race about who could be responsible for his death. Unsuspecting of Maria and Gary, Kelly later confides in Maria how both her parents let her down and she’s grateful to have her and Gary in her life. Riddled with guilt, Gary later reaches a decision and tells his wife he is going to confess to murdering Rick. But a horrified Maria begs him to reconsider and points out he will destroy their family as well as Kelly's life. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street star details break in career from ITV soap  [LATEST]Coronation Street tragedy as Summer Spellman falls ill  [THEORY]Coronation Street 'split' as Imran Hadeeb's baby bombshell exposed  [SPOILER] Gary has been carrying the weight of Rick's death on his shoulders for years and he might ignore Maria's warning and finally come clean to the police and Kelly. How would Kelly cope if she discovered a man she trusted killed her father though? Kelly has grown close to Maria and Gary in recent years and has looked up to the pair as parental figures. If Gary confesses, she may feel she has no choice other than to flee Weatherfield and try and move on with her life.  Even if Gary is put behind bars, she could find it too difficult to remain in the same area as Maria following the betrayal. Kelly actress Millie hinted her character could be leaving the soap in December during an interview with Express.co.uk and other media in the wake of Seb Franklin's (Harry Visinoni) death. While the character is still appearing on the screen, could the tragic news of her dad's murder push Kelly to exit for good? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 