The French President supports the creation of a bloc-wide army, plans for which have accelerated since the invasion of Ukraine. He insisted earlier this month Europe had to “accept the price for peace”, warning: “We cannot let others defend ourselves.” Poland’s Deputy Prime Minister has, however, suggested any such talks would only make the situation worse and should be avoided. Piotr Glinski said assisting the US and UK was “more important” than discussing the creation of new forces on the Continent. He told the Telegraph: “We even suggested that the European Union Army could be a good solution, but it doesn't happen. “It didn't happen for years, so I do not believe in the European army. It's not a good idea.” Instead, Mr Glinski suggested it was better to focus attention on supporting existing forces to avoid further escalation in the ongoing war in Ukraine. He said: “I prefer NATO. “The role of the US and Great Britain is more important to me. “It’s [talk of a European army] not stabilising the situation.” READ MORE: Brexit Britain tipped to rebuild Western alliances after EU blunder Mr Macron made it clear in a recent televised address he would work towards the formation of a new army. He suggested this would be used – at first – for “defensive” purposes. The President said: “We cannot let others defend ourselves; whether on land, at sea, under the sea, in the air, in space or in cyberspace. “Our European defence must take a new step.” DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] But before Brussels can arrange such a “new step”, it should look towards sorting its internal relations, Mr Glinski stressed. Poland continues to be subject to EU sanctions over a row about the supremacy of Polish law above that set by the bloc. The Deputy Prime Minister suggested the situation was continuing to disrupt relations and hampered Europe’s response to Putin. He said: “There is no real material support [from the EU]. “There are some talks. There are some promises. But we are spending our money. We are organising our people and we are trying to do our best in this situation. “And on the other hand, we still have these sanctions against Poland which are politically motivated.” The idea of an EU army played a fairly major role in the run-up to the 2016 Brexit referendum. Its creation was, however, widely dismissed as farfetched at the time.