  Will Smith, 53, sparked controversy after slapping Chris Rock, 57, live on stage at the Oscars on Sunday night. Richard Williams, 80, who Will portrays in the Oscar-nominated biopic King Richard, has since spoken out against the incident.      Richard, who is the father of tennis champions Venus and Serena Williams, has confirmed he “doesn’t condone” Will’s actions on Sunday. The actor slapped comedian Chris across the face after he cracked a bald joke about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith, who has alopecia. Many people have spoken out against the incident, including Richard’s estranged daughter Sabrina, who argued that Will should have his award revoked. Richard’s son and spokesperson Chavoita LeSane said on Richard’s behalf: “We don't know all the details of what happened, but we don't condone anyone hitting anyone else unless it's in self-defence.” READ MORE: Will Smith issues apology to Chris Rock following behaviour at Oscars     Chavoita, who has been acting as his father's spokesman since the 80-year-old had a stroke, declined to say anything further on the matter when asked to comment on Will’s acceptance speech. He did however reveal that his father was shocked by Will’s decision to walk across the stage and strike Chris, speaking to NBC News about the incident. Less than an hour after the slap occurred, Will awkwardly returned to the stage to accept his Best Actor award for his performance as Richard Williams, even going so far as to compare himself to the father-turned tennis coach he portrayed. "Art imitates life, I look like the crazy father, just like they said about Richard Williams, but love will make you do crazy things," he said in his acceptance speech.      He also apologised to the Williams family, including Venus and Serena, but made no such apology to Chris until a statement on Instagram the following day. Serena later alluded to the incident, saying: “I am so ready to go home.” However, Richard Williams' eldest daughter Sabrina called for much tougher action, slamming Will for both the slap and his subsequent speech. Sabrina, 57, called for the actor to be stripped of the award and banned from future Oscars ceremonies.  READ MORE... Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, oozes Hollywood glamour on Oscars red carpet [LATEST] Jada Pinkett Smith shares cryptic post after Will Smith's Oscars slap [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen bans visitors to Ravenseat Farm [NEWS]      She described how Will had gone “overboard” and that there was a “time and a place” to settle disputes. She also shared she suffers from alopecia herself and can relate to Jada Pinkett Smith, clarifying that it still doesn't justify Smith's violence. “If they don't take the thing from him, they should ban him from attending the event ever again, as that's just ridiculous,” Sabrina said. “I have no sympathy for him because that's just irresponsible behaviour.” She went on to suggest that Will should seek counselling, calling him an “entitled actor” for having the audacity to slap a man live on stage without facing any punishment.      Sabrina also added in a dig at her father, telling The Sun: “Did [Will Smith] learn the violence from my dad as well? Maybe he took the thing too literally.” Chaos first broke out at the Oscars last night after Chris made a joke about Jada’s decision to shave her head - something she has admitted felt heartbreaking. Referencing the 1997 action film G.I Jane starring Demi Moore, who shaved her head for the role, he said “Jada, I love you. G.I Jane 2, can’t wait to see you.” The comment resulted in Will walking up to the stage and striking the presenter in the face, before returning to his seat and yelling: “Keep my wife’s name out of your f*****g mouth.” Attempting to regain his composure, Chris said: “Wow, Will Smith just smacked the s**t out of me. That was the greatest night in the history of television.”   