The marble structure was constructed to honour “Big” William Collins, 49, who died whilst on holiday in Spain in 2020. The bare-knuckle boxer, dubbed the “King of Sheffield” by the travelling community he belonged to, was born in Athlone, in Ireland’s County Westmeath. The elaborate monument at Sheffield’s Shiregreen Cemetery featured a solar-powered jukebox, two life-size models of Collins and CCTV. The structure is built with 37 tonnes of Italian marble, with a central stone bearing the word, “King”, emblazoned in gold letters. Four Irish flags fly across the breadth of the monument, as well as biblical figures carved into the expansive design. Incorporated within the design are flashing LED lights to go with the collection of Mr Collins’ favourite songs playing at the site. The monument followed an elaborate funeral procession in which a convoy of Rolls Royce cars and a horse and carriage completed the family’s send-off for Mr Collins. Mr Collins, the patriarch of the family, was of 16 children and had around 400 nieces and nephews, the Sheffield Star reported. He relocated from Ireland to Sheffield in 1980, raising his family in the South Yorkshire city. Sheffield City Council is considering their “next steps” in dealing with the monument. READ MORE: What do today's Budget announcements mean for you? Councillor Alison Teal said the memorial “was built without permission and we are currently considering our next steps.” She added: "We understand memorials are deeply personal, however we must have rules in place to ensure fairness." Sheffield City Council regulations dictate that memorials must be no more than 1.35 metres tall, and 57 millimetres thick. Permission will only be given to applicants who abide by these sizing rules, and provide various other details such as desired inscriptions. DON'T MISS: Spring Statement LIVE: Income tax CUT for first time in 16 years [LIVE] POLL: Is Commonwealth waiting for Queen to die to oust royals? [VOTE] Boris could lose own seat as cost of living 'headache' hits Tories [REPORT] Mandy Stratford, who was at the cemetery to visit a loved one near the monument, described the structure as “beautiful”. She added: “It doesn't offend me at all and I think it'd be a shame if they did take it down. "I don't think it's offending anybody in the position it's in. “If it was in the middle near everyone's loved ones I could understand it." But others take issue with the structure, denouncing the marble monument as a “monstrosity” and an “eyesore”. Another cemetery visitor, Lesley Smith, asked: "How was that monstrosity allowed? “Countless times, bereaved parents of young children have had to move teddy bears etc from graves in other cemeteries. “Lights and a jukebox in a cemetery whatever next."