Grout is a part of the house that seems to get dirty so quickly. Cleaning it can be tricky, but an expert has discussed her top tip with Express.co.uk. Jen Needham, also known as the Cleaning Fairy Godmother is a cleaning guru with a huge 800k followers on TikTok. She posts cleaning advice to @clean_with_jen on Instagram. She previously detailed an "amazing product" to clean grease from the oven and remove greasy stains. Now she has suggested two products to tackle everyday grout cleaning, one of which might be surprising. READ MORE: 'Best thing ever!’: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘excellent’ hack for whitening shower tile grout Grout gets dirty usually because dirty water has seeped into the exterior of the grout all the time. Grout is porous, meaning it has small holes which can clean up with grime over time. This porous nature of the grout makes it highly susceptible to mould. The less frequently you clean grout, the more likely it is mould will build up. It is better to do little and often when it comes to grout. DON'T MISSFive daily cleaning jobs to leave your home sparkling [EXPERT] 'Amazing product': £1 trick to clean grease from the oven [HACKS] 'Best combination' to leave shower screen sparkling [CLEANING] Jen said: "For grout that’s got mould I spray a mould and mildew spray leave for a few minutes and then rinse it. "For general cleaning, I take a denture brush and the Pink Stuff paste. "Add some to the brush and scrub and it’ll bring it up like new." To prevent mould in the bathroom, leave doors and windows open after using it. Leave the bathroom door open while the shower is not in use also. Use the fan in the bathroom to remove excess moisture. Wipe down the shower walls and floor with a microfibre cloth after using the shower. Wash and dry your towels and handtowels frequently. Another cleaning expert detailed five daily cleaning jobs to leave your home sparkling. Cleaning guru Clean Mama, aka Becky Rapinchuk, has amassed over 740k Instagram followers and 714k followers on her Facebook page. The cleaning guru said: "I recommend five daily tasks."