Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh airs on ITV at 10am. Alan is joined by Barbara Dickson, who talks about returning to the stage. Barbara is a Scottish singer best known for hits such as 'I Know Him So Well', 'Answer Me' and 'January February'. 'I Know Him So Well' was made alongside Elaine Paige, who is now one of the most well-known stars of the West End, enjoying success on Broadway, TV, radio and in the pop charts. However, in 2015, Barbara was asked about speculation that she had fallen out with Elaine. Asked how long it has been since they last saw each other, Barbara told the Mirror at the time: “It’s years now. Years. “We have that great past history but, you know, I live a long way away from London and I don’t really see my London friends very often. Very, very rarely.” On the subject of a rumoured fallout, Barbara added: “That’s absolutely stupid. “We’ve always had the utmost respect for each other and we like each other very much. She’s a lovely girl.” Barbara also reflected on 'I Know Him So Well', saying she has moved on from the days when the song was at Number One for four weeks. Tim Rice and ABBA’s Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus helped create the song – the chorus is based on the chorus of 'I Am an A', a song performed live during ABBA's 1977 tour. Barbara added: "It feels a very long time ago. "It’s as if it happened in a different life. But it’s fine. It was a really nice song. I got to sing on an Abba song and that’s fair enough. “It’s a milestone in my life. Because it happened in 1985, I don’t look back. I do pick songs I can now sing that I sang a long time ago. "But I Know Him So Well doesn’t really fit the remit. It’s a duet in any case, and it's not my song. It’s a kind of karaoke classic now, and that’s fair enough. "If people love it and they like the original recording then that’s great. READ MORE: Elaine Paige on being ‘overlooked’ before Evita role “I am sure Elaine would like to hear that as well.” In January, Barbara explained how Covid and the subsequent lockdowns gave her a chance to pursue a new passion – teaching. She told the Sunday Post: “I have an inquiring, curious mind, and I did some teaching for Goldster, which was formed by a Scot and is a bit like the University of the Third Age, a place for older people to involve themselves in classes, doing anything from calligraphy to line dancing. “What I wanted to do was make them feel inspired to do something themselves. I’m not very good at pontificating – I’m a working-class woman from Dunfermline, so I don’t feel like I have a right to instruct people. DON'T MISS Elaine Paige health: Star's 'peculiar' activity to avoid cancer [INSIGHT] Elaine Paige claimed ‘nothing wrong with flirting’ after toy boy split [ANALYSIS] Elaine Paige health: Musical theatre star 'victim' of health impairmen [INSIGHT] "So I was telling them what worked for me, what I liked to do, and what comes out of my head, and teaching them to sing into an iPhone and come up with a tune and words. “There is therapeutic value in the arts and I believe everyone can paint or draw or write in some sense, and it’s no less valid if they don’t do it professionally. The worst thing is encouraging people to be on Top Of The Pops when they should actually just be doing it for themselves. We weren’t aiming at The X Factor. “This is the thing about teaching music – it’s looking at it like therapy. If I say healing, it sounds pretentiously American, but there is an element of that. "I’ve read that writing things down when in a crisis can be helpful, and it’s the same with constructing music or art. It’s no less valid because you’ve not been discovered – that doesn’t matter. If you’re doing it for yourself, that’s cool. “I really enjoyed it. I just wish I had been in the same room with them rather than it being virtual.”