Arsenal and Liverpool must fend off reported interest from Barcelona and Bayern Munich if they are to secure a deal to land PSV Eindhoven starlet Cody Gakpo. The race is hotting up for the Dutch winger who could be on the move for a reported £35million this summer. The 22-year-old is enjoying a stellar season with PSV, in which he has hit 16 goals and registered a further 15 assists in all competitions. Gakpo's exploits have seen him attract interest from a number of high-profile suitors from around Europe, and two of the Premier League's top sides are among them. Both Arsenal and Liverpool are reportedly monitoring the PSV star according to The Athletic, however they face a transfer tug-of-war over the winger with the likes of Barcelona and Bayern Munich. Gakpo was heavily linked with an Eredivisie exit in January, however opted to remain in Eindhoven, signing a one-year extension to his current deal to take him 2026. Despite committing to the fresh terms, it is believed Gakpo and PSV reached a gentleman's agreement over a possible move away this summer. It is thought that should a suitable offer be tabled to the Dutch outfit at the end of the season, they would be willing to enter negotiations. READ MORE: Aubameyang goal celebration explained after Barcelona thump Real Madrid  Though it is believed Gakpo's contract doesn't include a release clause, it has been widely reported that a fee of around £35m would be required to prise him away from PSV. The rising star earned all four of his Netherlands' caps last year, however he won't be adding to that tally over the upcoming international break. Gakpo is thought to have suffered bruising to the bone following a reckless challenge in PSV's 4-0 thumping of Copenhagen in the Europa Conference League last week. An 8-4 aggregate win saw the Dutch title-hopefuls secure a spot in the competition's quarter-finals, where they will face English opposition. DON'T MISSTottenham boss Conte names wonderkid with 'brilliant future' after West Ham win [QUOTES]Arsenal boss Arteta may give up on flop after nightmare showing vs Aston Villa [COMMENT]Man Utd boss Rangnick told of Paul Pogba replacement who could save millions [QUOTES] PSV drew Leicester in the competition's final eight, with both matches set to take place next month. Both Arsenal and Liverpool will be hopeful that Gakpo will have recovered from his recent injury setback in order to monitor how then Dutchman fares against Premier League opposition. Despite Gakpo's absence at the weekend, PSV claimed a sixth successive Eredivisie win to maintain the pressure on Dutch league leaders Ajax. A 5-0 win over a struggling Fortuna Sittard leaves Eindhoven two points adrift of Erik ten Hag's side as they look to lift the Eredivisie title for the first time since 2017.  