Paul Pogba may end up staying at Manchester United beyond this season, according to reports. Pogba is out of contract at Old Trafford in the summer. The France star spoke about his time at United earlier this week. He admitted he is not satisfied with how his spell in the Premier League has gone. United are set to extend their spell without a trophy to over five years. Pogba insisted he wants to be at a club that is competing for and winning silverware. The EFL Cup and Europa League in 2017 are the only two trophies he has won at United. Pogba has often been the subject of criticism from pundits since his £89million arrival from Juventus. READ MORE: Man Utd may be about to do the right thing with Erik ten Hag contract length  He has held a long-standing interest in joining Real Madrid. ESPN claims Pogba would still like to move to the Bernabeu. However, Real are instead focusing their efforts on signing Kylian Mbappe and Erling Haaland this summer. There are not many teams who would be willing to match Pogba's wage demands. Reporter Mark Ogden claims United could struggle to bring in new signings this summer and therefore may choose to offer Pogba a new deal. The Red Devils will appoint a new permanent manager, who could view Pogba as a player worth keeping. DON'T MISSConte can finally land dream Tottenham signing after Barcelona 'bid for Raphinha' [TRANSFERS]Ruud van Nistelrooy’s opinion on Solskjaer sacking with Man Utd return possible [QUOTES]Erik ten Hag has already planned first decision at Manchester United [REPORT]  Speaking to Le Figaro this week, Pogba admitted he is not clear on his role at United. He said: “It’s simple with France, I play in my position – I know my role and I feel the confidence of the coach and the players. "At Manchester United do I really have a role? I ask the question but I don’t have an answer.” He also spoke openly about mental health struggles he has faced during his United career. He added: "Sometimes you don't even know you have depression, you just want to be isolated, to be all alone, these are the unmistakable signs.  "From a personal perspective, that started when I was with Jose Mourinho at Manchester. You ask yourself if there is something wrong with you, because you have never experienced these moments in your life. "Of course we earn a lot of money and we don't complain, really. But that does not prevent you from going through these moments in your life which are more difficult than others. "In football it is not acceptable but we are not superheroes, we are only human beings.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here