But each of these movements has one fundamental failing. Their zealotry ignores circumstances, the worst of human nature and possible consequences. We saw where pacifism got us in 1939. Not even that Leftie rebel, Aneurin Bevan, would go “naked into the conference chamber” without nuclear weapons. We kept the bomb and so far, thank God, it has kept an uneasy global peace. Environmentalism also has much to answer for and so, you may say, has Margaret Thatcher since she was the first national leader to warn of global warming. In fact, by 2002 she felt it had been hijacked by the Left in their war against capitalism. One thing is for certain: environmentalists have had such a hold on politicians for nearly 30 years that we are living on the edge of security of energy supply. Not only have we run down the use of reliable fossil fuels for unreliable renewables, notably wind and solar power, but dithered over clean, reliable and proven nuclear power. Worse still, Europe has become heavily reliant on Russian coal, oil and gas with the result that Putin may have thought he had us over a barrel, to coin a phrase. And in a sense he has. The Government is still equivocating over further exploration of North Sea oil and gas, the development of fracking, the opening of a mine in Cumbria producing coking coal for steel production that would otherwise be imported and closing nuclear power stations. Meanwhile, the Communist enemies of freedom have no compunction about producing greenhouse gases any more than so-called celebrities - and campaigning environmentalists - have in flying across the world when it suits them. One other element in the West’s neglect of its security has been living on tick. We have not had a balanced budget since Gordon Brown’s legacy of a £153bn deficit in 2010. Not even ten years of supposedly prudent Tory rule had eliminated it when the covid pandemic struck. Now we are deep in debt just when we need to invest in the defence of freedom, secure our energy supplies, repair our social fabric and fight a crime wave.And you can be absolutely sure we are in deep trouble when, on the very day that Putin invaded the Ukraine, the head of our security services - MI5, MI6 and GCHQ - advised staff to watch their language lest it be considered racist, sexist or otherwise offensive. Putin and Xi Jinping in Beijing probably cannot believe the democracies have been reduced to this. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea But the consequences for the animals - leave aside our food supply - would be to re-wild animals into nature red in tooth and claw. Cattle turned loose would then be as subject to slaughter by (carnivorous) poachers as elephantsfor their ivory in the Serengeti. The lesson from all this is that a nation that cannot defend itself, cannot reliably power its homes and industry and cannot basically feed itself may well be thought to be a sitting duck by dictators. It is time we pulled ourselves up short and faced reality. We have had enough of self-indulgence. What we need now is urgent attention to the fundamentals of life in a free society. We have to accept that we cannot do this effectively until we eliminate the budget deficit and reduce borrowing. The Government must concentrate on sustained growth to repair the damage and the ordinary citizen must grin and bear it for a time, provided the weakest are not allowed to go to the wall.