The state of someone’s National Insurance record plays a big role in their state pension entitlement. People with insufficient records may be denied the full state pension when they come to claim. Not everyone gets the full state pension, and missing out on the maximum amount could be a big blow to someone’s retirement prospects. The amount of state pension someone is entitled to is dependent on their National Insurance record when they reach state pension age. Currently, the full new state pension is worth £179.60 a week, or £9,339.20 for a full year. This is set to rise from April 2022, taking the full amount to £185.15. READ MORE: ‘It’s a joke!’ State pensioners demand reversal of triple lock freeze and £400 per week But in order to get the full amount, Britons may need 35 qualifying years on their National Insurance record. A minimum of 10 qualifying years are required to get any state pension at all. However, some people may be surprised to find that although they paid National Insurance in a given year, they did not earn a qualifying year. This could mean someone overestimates the amount of state pension they think they will get, and ultimately be disappointed. DON'T MISSPayment warning: Shoppers may have their credit and debit cards declined from Monday [WARNING]Sunak unleashes inheritance tax and capital gains tax blitz in April - do this NOW [ALERT]State pension warning: Pensioners could miss out on almost £500 as 7 changes due in April [WARNING] Workers must have paid National Insurance at the right amount to get a qualifying year, but that is not the only requirement. There is other specific criteria for what allows people to earn a qualifying year which must be met. For example, the one element of the criteria relates to how much an individual earned in a specific tax year. Tax years run from April 6 to April 5. Employees need to earn £120 a week for the 2021/22 tax year to get a qualifying year. They will also qualify if they earned £520 a month or £6,240 for the year These rules are different for self-employed people. Self-employed individuals must earn £125 a week, £542 a month or £6,515 per year to get a qualifying year. Those who have a fluctuating income could be at risk of falling short in some tax years and not earning a qualifying year as a result. People who are on a lower income or work part time could also be vulnerable. Britons can check their National Insurance record on the Government website to check if there are any gaps which could deny them the full state pension. They may be able to claim certain benefits with attached National Insurance credits to help plug these gaps. Alternatively, it may be possible to pay voluntary contributions in order to earn more qualifying years and increase someone’s state pension entitlement.