 Andrew Pierce and Kevin Maguire have debated whether it was hypocritical of the UK government to switch their oil and gas trade from Russia to Saudi Arabia. Tension quickly rose between the duo as they discussed the matter on Good Morning Britain.    Presenters Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley led the debate on Wednesday morning’s show. Kevin insisted it was a sign of “hypocrisy” that the UK government was considering switching its oil supply from Russia to Saudi Arabia. Richard questioned: “So where do we get our oil from?” “We have to go to Saudi Arabia,” Andrew insisted. However, Kevin hit back: “It is grotesque double standards. The worst hypocrisy. The worst hypocrisy.” READ MORE: Alexander Vlahos age: How old is Outlander’s Allan Christie star?  Keen to hear a solution to the issue, Richard asked: “Where would you get oil from?” Kevin said: “You buy, you trade. I would want to see trade resume with Russia once this is over. Of course it will.” “What when they’re killing Ukrainians? Murdering Ukrainian children,” Andrew snapped. Susanna chimed in: “But Andrew, look what’s happening in Yemen.” Andrew replied: “But, Saudi Arabia has supported that civil war as has Britain, as have about 11 other countries including the United States.”    Susanna commented: “Yes, but we seem to pick and choose. If we’re going to have a sort of moral policy with Russia, surely we should apply that moral policy to every other country.” “There’s bad and there’s evil. Russia is evil. Saudi Arabia is not as evil,” Andrew claimed. “Do you look away?” Kevin asked, with Andrew replying: “I do.” “Why do we look away? Is that because they’re brown kids? Brown lives matter too. Is that because they are muslim kids? Is that why?” Kevin fumed. “No, Kevin,” Andrew replied. “You carry on then. You allow Russia to continue putting up gas prices, oil prices, as much as they are and you are bankrolling Putin’s war.” “We are paying for Putin’s war,” the journalist added. DON'T MISS...Bridgerton’s Kate Sharma actress on 'scary' new role [INSIGHT]Emmerdale’s Louise Jameson on returning as new character [MUST SEE]Rafe Spall details hilarious encounter with Michael Gambon [WATCH]  Susanna blasted: “These victims of the war in Yemen are children.” Andrew replied: “Yes, well, it looks like that’s happening in Russia too.” “Yes and you condemn one and look away from the other,” Kevin raged. Andrew continued: “Every time we buy gas and oil from Russia we’re bankrolling their war in Ukraine.”   “It’s better to buy it from Saudi Arabia than Russia because it's supporting the war in Ukraine,” he reiterated. Outraged by Andrew’s remarks, Kevin said: “You condemn Putin for killing children, bombing hospitals, hitting houses, but you don’t condemn Saudi Arabia?” Andrew remarked: “Yes, the whole of the western world is condemning what’s happening in Russia except Kevin Maguire it seems, who thinks we should carry on with that rather than Saudi Arabia.” However, Susanna came to Kevin’s defence saying: “To be fair, no, I think there’s a lot of people who think it’s a double standard.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 