Martin Kemp, 60, told Radio Times that he enjoys watching shows like Downton Abbey and The Mandalorian with his wife Shirlie Holliman, 59, but that Shirlie prefers not to watch anything that will keep her up at night. Describing themselves as “bingers” when it comes to watching TV, the actor, musician and director explained: “We definitely share the remote.” “Shirlie and I have to find a space that we can both sit in and that’s usually drama.” He added: “During lockdown, we rewatched all of Downton Abbey and loved every second of it. “We are definitely bingers; we watched up to four Downtons at once.” READ MORE: Paul McCartney's daughter Mary admits there's two 'very different sides' to her dad  Martin explained: “Shirlie never wants to watch anything that will disturb her sleep; if she watches something late at night, it will appear in her dreams. “So sometimes I wait for her to go to sleep then put on the documentary that I really want to watch.” Martin also shared that their children Harley Moon, 32, and Roman, 29, still visit “from time to time”. In his new BBC series, Martin and MOBO award-winning grime artist Lady Leshurr will take on mentoring duties for amateur musicians aged 64 and over who will form a band with the aim of performing at the Isle of Wight festival. Speaking about Rock Till We Drop, Martin (who found fame in the 1980s with hit-making band, Spandau Ballet) said: “I loved the driving force behind the show, because it’s so heart-warming: to help people realise a dream that they’d all but given up on and put them on stage in front of 60,000 people on a sunny afternoon.” In a statement, Martin told the BBC: “The hardest thing has to be telling some of the guys that we couldn’t take them along to the next stage, as a performer I know how much that hurts.” Spandau Ballet had eight UK top 10 albums, including three greatest hits compilation. They even played at Live Aid, however, their split was less than amicable. DON’T MISS:Tom Parker receives 'revolutionary treatment' in Spain amid incurable brain tumour battle [LATEST] 'Are you kidding me?' Salma Hayek calls out Michael Keaton as he misses winning SAG award [PICTURES] Ned Eisenberg dead: Law and Order star dies aged 65 after private battle with cancer [NEWS]     During his chat with the publication, the star opened up about how Spandau Ballet disbanding was a stressful time for him. Looking back on this time with the band, he said: “When Spandau Ballet split up in 1990, I had about eight years when I wouldn’t even buy a record because it made me feel physically sick. “Being in Spandau was just one argument after the other. “We'd go from arguing to being best friends to arguing. Martin added: “It’s been a trial the past few years.” Luckily, Rock Till We Drop has been a much more pleasant experience for the star. “Rock Till We Drop made me remember how much fun the music business can be,” he said, with a smile. “It’s about achieving your dreams and having fun.” Read the full interview in this week's Radio Times.