 Brady and Hindley's crimes rocked Britain after their spree was unearthed in 1965 and each were sentenced to a whole life order, meaning they will never be released from prison. Such was the horrendous nature of the five killings, and the fact that all the victims were children, some of whom were abused, their notoriety on our shores has remained throughout the decades. The overwhelming interest in the abhorrent acts both criminals carried out has ensured their place in British folklore, and a continued dissection of the crimes they committed.     And a new documentary aired recently by Channel 4 has unearthed a series of letters from Brady that could hold a number of clues as to why he and Hindley decided to kill the youngsters in the first place. In one damning letter, Brady recalled how he may not have killed had he not met Hindley in 1961. That year, Hindley joined Millwards as a typist, a firm Brady had been working for, and she soon became overawed with her new colleague. The note said: "If I hadn't obtained an office job, I wouldn't have eventually had Myra Hindley as my typist.    "If I had not met Myra Hindley, I wouldn't have been diverted from my mercenary aims and on to the path of my downfall. "So you're forced to take a simple measure to avoid danger and it leads you on to a greater one." The couple lived near to Manchester, alongside their dog Puppet, before they were arrested following their fifth and final murder. David Smith, Hindley's brother-in-law, reportedly tipped the police off about the murders, which eventually led to their web of offending to unravel. JUST IN: Moors murderer Ian Brady's 'derogatory' comments about Myra Hindley     Discussing Brady on the documentary, Kerry Daynes, a forensic psychologist, spoke about the significance the letters Brady penned while inside had. She said: "I do feel there is a bizarre quality to these letters, and I think the bizarre quality is the product of his personality. "His personality was extreme. He was grandiose, he was narcissistic. "He was paranoid at the best of times. He felt that others did their best to irritate him, upset him and conspire against him. DON'T MISS:Murder probe as police seal off quiet street after 'serious incident' [ANALYSIS]Murder in the Outback: Link between Bradley Murdoch and Ian Brady [INSIGHT]Serial killer shock: The final desperate last words to Moors Murderers [UPDATE]    "And he was someone who was incredibly anti-authority. "So that anger he has, that bitterness he has towards other people and the contempt he has for other people really comes through in the letters." Hindley continued to maintain that Brady was central to the murders, and that she was only a supporting cast member in the sick episode of killing that played out in Lancashire. In one note to then-Home Secretary Merlyn Rees, Hindley wrote between 1978 and 1979: "Within months he [Brady] had convinced me that there was no God at all. "He could have told me that the Earth was flat, the moon was made of green cheese and the sun rose in the west, I would have believed him, such was his power of persuasion." Years later, in the Nineties, Hindley also claimed that her role in the murders only came about as a result of Brady drugging her, and blackmailing her with pornographic pictures that had been taken of her.     Andrew McCooey, Hindley's solicitor, said in 2008 that his client once said that she "ought to have been hanged", and that she "deserved it". She added: "My crime was worse than Brady's because I enticed the children and they would never have entered the car without my role. "I have always regarded myself as worse than Brady." The documentary also noted how Brady and Hindley had discussed killing Mr Smith prior to his trip to the station to hand over details of their crimes. Brady wrote: “Three months before the end, we discussed cancelling him. "It was her consideration of any spin-off effect on Maureen that had the decision deferred. “After the trial, of course, she agreed we should have cancelled them both. “It was the only time I didn’t follow instinct and allowed sentiment to influence what was necessary. “I’d already identified Smith as unreliable, weak and a danger, over three months before he informed.” Prior to the documentary's release in February, its producer Douglas Chirnside explained how the piece was crafted after Janie Jones, a former pop sensation, contacted him regarding hundreds of letters she had received from both Brady and Hindley. He said: “Janie wrote to Myra and Ian, separately, when they were both in prison and they wrote back. “We don't know of any other case, anywhere, where serial killers who were a couple both write to the same source. "It's very extensive, it covers a very long period of time.” Moors Murders is available to stream on 4od.   