Eamonn Holmes joined Steph McGovern on her Channel 4 show on Tuesday as he celebrated 40 years in television. The GB News presenter and former This Morning host opened up about his health during the interview and made a candid admission about having shingles on the day of his son’s wedding. Discussing the timing of the condition, he began: “My eldest son was getting married and he was the first of my children to get married and so far the only one of my children to be married. “My face was absolutely awful and I had to be in all of the pictures, I’m the father of the groom. “I got a makeup artist to try and cover it up but to no avail, it wasn’t good. “To this day Steph I can’t look at Declan and Jenny’s wedding pictures.” Read more: Ruth Langsford details how husband Eamonn makes her feel ‘sexy’ “I feel I’ve spoilt them but I had to be there,” he added. The Steph’s Packed Lunch host reassured: “I’m sure you haven’t spoilt them.” The This Morning host went on to explain the condition and the impact it had on him. Eamonn added: “You get to my age and you’re at the stage where there’s always something going wrong. “This is Shingles Awareness Week this week so I’ve teamed up with them and GSK [GlaxoSmithKline] who are running this whole thing to make people more aware of what is shingles, how you get it, what the risk factors are and what to do about it.” Steph interjected: “You had it a couple of years ago, tell us what happened?” “Oh I had it,” the Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel host replied. “You may have a picture, I hope you have a picture of it. DON'T MISSEamonn Holmes opens up about wife Ruth Langsford's ‘tough few years’ [INSIGHT]Lorraine Kelly savages Matt Hancock 'Pound shop milk tray man' [VIDEO]Adil Ray slapped down by Dominic Raab over Ukraine probe [INTERVIEW] “I woke up with it, I looked in the mirror and there I was Quasimodo looking back at me. “Those blisters especially around my eye were particularly dangerous. “If it impacts on your optic nerve it can be really really serious.” “It was quite scary,” he continued. “I didn’t know where it came from. “I went to see the doctor, the doctor said, ‘Have you had chickenpox?' “I had no idea, phoned my mother and she said, ‘Yes you definitely had chickenpox, all your brothers and chickenpox.’ “Once the virus is in your system it can be reawakened at any stage.” The presenter explained: “If you’re over 50 if your immune system is a bit rundown you leave yourself susceptible to all this.” Steph’s Packed Lunch airs on Channel 4 on weekdays at 12.30pm.