Christian Horner has admitted that he is worried about Red Bull's engine problems after a handful of mechanical issues plagued their sister team, AlphaTauri, in the first two weeks of the new Formula One season. The likes of Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez will be hoping that Red Bull can put things right over the coming months in order to avoid the prospect of seeing their Drivers' Championship ambitions hindered by a lack of reliability. Both drivers were forced to retire from the season-opening Grand Prix in Bahrain after being hit with identical fuel system issues, which were not related to the performance of their respective power units. Red Bull have not suffered from any major engine problems as of yet but will be desperate to avoid the issues that have struck AlphaTauri, who use the same Red Bull-branded parts, over the course of the season to date.Pierre Gasly was forced out with reliability woes in Bahrain after a major fire on the back of his car and went on to endure a stoppage in FP3 ahead of last weekend's Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. Meanwhile, Yuki Tsunoda failed to set a lap time in Saturday's qualifying session before his second power unit of the new season broke down on his way to the grid prior to the start of the race in Jeddah.It remains to be seen whether Red Bull and AlphaTauri will be able to find any solutions to their engine troubles ahead of next month's Australian Grand Prix as they look to find some consistency before the new campaign begins to take shape. Horner insisted after Sunday's race that he is fully aware of the importance of finding a quick fix but revealed that Red Bull are yet to root out the contributing factors. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton raises huge Mercedes concerns after Saudi Arabian GP "Of course, we're concerned about it but I think first we have to understand what it is," the Red Bull team principal told reporters. "I think once all the strip-down has been done and we understand what the issue is then, hopefully, fixes can be put in place."Red Bull were not directly affected by any engine problems in Saudi Arabia, with Verstappen clinching a remarkable win over Charles Leclerc after a late move to overtake the Ferrari driver before taking the chequered flag. AlphaTauri boss Franz Tost went on to admit that he has been left puzzled by the abundance of early issues that have hindered his team's progress and not Red Bull's over the course of the year to date. "We don't know yet whether we can use this engine or not [again] or what is exactly broken," said Tost when quizzed on Tsunoda's early retirement in Saudi Arabia. "We have to investigate. I want to find out the reason why we are struggling with reliability, because Red Bull aren't having any problems."AlphaTauri have only managed to score eight points so far this season and will be working hard to solve their reliability issues over the next two weeks before the on-track action resumes in Melbourne. While the engines used by Red Bull and AlphaTauri are both officially branded as Red Bull Powertrains, the units are still manufactured and shipped by Honda, suggesting that crisis talks between the two teams and the Japanese automotive giant could be pencilled in over the next few weeks.