Dwayne is one of the most recognisable faces in showbiz, having wrestled for WWE for eight years before pursuing an impressive acting career. His films have grossed over $10.5billion (£7,933,719,150) worldwide, making him one of the highest-grossing and highest-paid actors on the planet. Tonight, ‘Jumanji: Welcome To The Jungle’ will air on Channel 4. It sees four teenagers literally sucked into a magical video game, and the only way they can escape is to work together to finish the game. Dwayne has regularly been involved in politics, playing a part in WWE’s ‘Smackdown Your Vote’ campaign which encouraged young Americans to vote. He endorsed Joe Biden in the 2020 election, and had himself expressed an interest in running for President. He was asked about a possible move into politics during a 2018 appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, and admitted it is “absolutely” enticing to him. READ MORE: Piers Morgan left ‘utterly devastated’ over the death of Shane Warne The question came after Dwayne had said the previous year that he was “seriously considering” running for President. He said: “Just to put it into context, The Washington Post posted a story that said if I were to run, I’d have a legitimate shot at winning. “It kind of picked up this steam, and when it picked up steam, a lot of people in the American public thought, ‘Yeah, actually, that’s a great idea.’ “When that started picking up, of course when I’m asked… Yes, I have incredible respect for our American people and our country, so I said I’d consider it and of course I would. “But at the same time, Stephen, look, I’m not delusional at all. “I need that thing, what is it? Experience. “So if that were to happen, in 2024 or 2028, I’d have to go to work and get some experience and understand policy.” In February 2021, he reaffirmed this vision, and said he would be open to taking a run at the White House if the American population wanted him to. DON'T MISS:Shane Warne Liz Hurley romance: Inside late cricketer's relationship [INSIGHT]Shane Warne's coping mechanism before 'ball of the century' [REVEALED]Brenda Blethyn’s ‘most embarrassing moment’ at Golden Globes laid bare [QUOTES] He told USA Today: “I would consider a presidential run in the future if that’s what the people wanted. “Truly I mean that, and I’m not flippant in any way with my answer. “That would be up to the people.” He added: “So I would wait, and I would listen. I would have my finger to the pulse, my ear to the ground.” Conversations around any possible run for President have continued to swirl ever since, but Dwayne appeared to pour cold water on any such prospect back in October. Speaking to Vanity Fair, he confirmed that he had spoken to relevant people in politics and admitted “indicators are all very positive” after a poll showed 46 percent of Americans would vote for him if he did decide to run. Although he stressed he was not entirely ruling the possibility out, he said: “You know, at the end of the day, I don’t know the first thing about politics. I don’t know the first thing about policy. “I care deeply about our country. I care about every f***ing American who bleeds red, and that’s all of them. “And — there’s no delusion here — I may have some decent leadership qualities, but that doesn’t necessarily make me a great presidential candidate.” Sharing the article on Instagram, he added: “I’m not a politician so I don’t care what side of the street you live on or what side of the aisle you sit on. Core values matter. “Work hard, take care of your family, be kind to people, take pride in your name, take pride in your own two hands, be inclusive and respect EVERYONE and don’t be full of s***. “I’m not a politician, but that’s the truth.” Quite where Dwayne’s career takes him next is not clear, but it has been reported that he may return to wrestling for WrestleMania 39 in April. Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle airs tonight on Channel 4 at 6:45pm.