Adele opened up about her dramatic weight loss transformation, but it wasn't because she was unhappy with how she looked. In the last two years, the 'Easy On Me' singer has lost a whopping 100 pounds, with experts estimating she may have lost an incredible seven stone in total over the course of her music career. It comes after she posted a photo of herself in recognition of her 32nd birthday, with many commenting on the singer's slim physique. Despite the attention circulating her weight loss, Adele didn't speak out about her transformation until much later. Recently, she clarified the reasons behind her dramatic transformation. Back in 2019, the singer went through a lot of emotional upheaval, what with her divorce from ex-husband, Simon Konecki) and recovering from vocal cord surgery two years prior. READ MORE: Sheridan Smith weight loss: Behind TV star's impressive 2 stone drop While many people "had to face a lot of their demons" during the national coronavirus lockdowns, Adele said she "did that the year before". She would regularly exercise as she found it helped ease her anxiety, and shedding the weight came naturally. "It became my time. I realised that when I was working out, I didn’t have any anxiety," Adele explained to Vogue. She revealed she weight lifts and does circuit training every day, sometimes twice if her anxiety is particularly severe. DON'T MISS...Fitness: Experts unveil exercise tip to 'extend your life expectancy' [LATEST]Dwayne Johnson abs: Diet plan for weight loss [DIET PLAN]Weight loss: Slimmer ditched 3 foods to combat her menopause [REAL LIFE] "It was never about losing weight," she shrugged: "I thought, If I can make my body physically strong, and I can feel that and see that, then maybe one day I can make my emotions and my mind physically strong." She began her journey by starting with her core strength, adding: "I have a bad back and I had a C-section, so I had just nothing going on down there." Along with regular workouts, Adele credited several other mental health and self-care tools that helped her get through that tough year. But many fans have been wanting to know just how she did it, and celebrity personal trainer and fitness influencer Peter Maciver, known as PMac Fitness online, discussed Adele's rumoured diet - the Sirtfood Diet. This particular diet focuses on eating specific "sirtfoods" that are supposed to help your body burn fat and boost metabolism. It includes foods like dark chocolate, citrus fruits and wine. For the first three days, 1,000 calories should be consumed which is then increased to 1,500 from days four to seven, but he warned the diet is "extremely restrictive" and "just a quick fix". "Eating this little can cause headaches, people to be 'hangry', disrupted sleep and other symptoms. Unless a diet is long-term it’s likely that when you come off it, the weight will go back on. "I’m afraid to say that weight loss and fat loss does take time, especially sustained weight loss as opposed to a quick fix for a special occasion." He added: "We don’t know if Adele has followed this diet or borrowed from it, so we can't know that this is how she lost the weight. "We also shouldn’t underestimate the importance of exercise too - Adele works out and we know that she loves resistance based training which is one of the most effective ways to change your body."