Meghan Markle, 40, and Prince Harry, 37, live with their two children Archie, two, and their nine-month-old baby Lilibet in Montecito, California. The Duke of Sussex no longer indulges in pizza and fast food as much as he used to, according to new research. The Duchess of Sussex reportedly prefers her husband eating healthier foods like quinoa and kale which behavioural expert Darren Stanton has discovered.  Darren has analysed the Royal Family's preferred food choices, on behalf of UK coffee retailer Coffee Friend, and revealed what their tastes suggest about their different personality traits. Meghan enjoys vegan and gluten-free meals during the week, likes oatmeal with banana, hot water and lemon, homemade pasta, parmesan cheese and roasted chicken. Darren said: “In recent years, it’s reported Harry has ditched junk food, including pizza. “He is now embracing the Californian lifestyle by eating healthier foods, like plenty of fruit, and sipping on green smoothies.  READ MORE: Jane McDonald weight loss: Singer lost 4st - here’s how “Meghan, meanwhile, dines on pasta and plenty of parmesan cheese, especially homemade dishes she can conjure up herself in the kitchen. “The recipes of which she previously shared on her blog. “The Duchess seems quite adventurous and she displays this during the time she spends in the kitchen. “She’s passionate about creating and trying out different meals, showing she is open to new opportunities and change,” the expert noted.   But what routine does Meghan follow with her diet? Darren continued: “Conscious of the food she eats and wanting to adopt a healthier lifestyle, like many in California, it’s said Meghan eats both vegan and gluten-free meals during the week. “At the weekend, she’s happy to push the boat out and indulges in things she would usually avoid. “This ability to relax typical habits demonstrates her ability to be flexible and have fun while still maintaining discipline.  “This idea lends itself to her personality where Meghan has a sense of seriousness about her, but at the same time is not afraid to let her hair down. “We see snippets of this when she is pictured laughing and joking alongside Harry,” he added. How has this influenced Prince Harry? Darren commented saying: “Prince Harry’s change in diet could be indicative of Meghan’s influence on him within their relationship to be more adventurous.  “Despite moving stateside, however, Harry still longs for a touch of tradition and is said to love a Sunday roast. “Harry and Meghan often cook a roasted chicken together. “A typically British dish, this is not only reflective of a home connection he still holds dear, suggesting he misses parts of his life back in the UK. “But it also signifies how Harry chases feelings of nostalgia too.” 