Vladimir Putin repeatedly compared the Ukrainian Government to a "Nazi" regime during a drawn-out rant where he gave an update on the conflict on the ground. Putin said Ukraine was using civilians as "human shields" by placing weapons in apartments - a move he says was used by the Nazis in WW2 - and was keeping many as "hostages". But Putin opened up about Russia's losses, revealing measures have been put in place to give families of deceased Russian troops large payments before claiming the soldiers are trying to secure the safety of those living in the Donbas region.  He added thousands of civilians wanted to leave but were being held "hostage" by "neo-Nazis". But Putin addressed Russia's losses as conflicting reports have emerged to the actual number dead. Russia claims 498 troops have died and 1,597 more have been injured. Putin said the military was "fighting for our people" and the families of killed soldiers would receive "five million Rubles" which currently is worth around £35,000.  Those who are injured will receive "2.9million Rubles", around £20,350. He concluded: "I would like to emphasise again that our officers and soldiers are fighting for Russia, for the peaceful life of citizens in Donbas. "To demilitarise and diversify Ukraine so that we do not have anybody who is threatening us at our border, including threatening us with nuclear weapons." After his speech, Putin held a minute silence for the fallen Russian troops. Sky News Defence expert Deborah Haynes said: “His attitude calling the Ukraine government a Nazi regime is just delusional.”  Putin says his motive for his "special operation" into Ukraine is because he wishes to free persecuted civilians in the east of Ukraine - many of which are of Russian descent - from "genocide" and "persecution" from the Ukrainian Government. Putin has been painting Ukraine to be an oppressive regime since pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych was ousted by protesters after he wished to align with Russia over the EU. 