How did Kate Middleton navigate the Six Nations England vs Wales match as the new patron of English rugby and as mother of the future King of England? Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to give her verdict. Judi began: “Kate’s parenting body language during her most recent outings with her son George suggests some very smart psychology, not just as a mother but as a mother of a future King of England. “At the rugby match she appeared to have taken over her husband William’s normal public role by acting as mentor to her son, clearly pointing out aspects of the game or the stadium in a way that now befits her role as patron of English rugby.” Rather than a supporting role to Prince William, which she is usually happy to play, her husband was happy to take a backseat in his wife’s new domain. Kate was announced as the new patron of the Rugby Football Union and Rugby Football League just last month, taking over from Prince Harry, who was previously bestowed the honour. READ MORE: Major diesel changes being introduced in April will 'punish hauliers'  While the Duchess’ clearly has great authority within the sport, she was mindful of her son’s growing interest in it. Judi continued: “But the way that she used her body language to do this suggested she was very careful about protecting her son’s ego and sense of wanting to look grown up in public, too. “By bending to almost the same level as her son but leaning rather than crouching, Kate suggested she was hosting rather than just parenting here. “Her gestures and her facial expression are ones that could be used on an adult as well as a child, leaving George to look like an interested young man, rather than an excited or entranced child.” DON'T MISS The Duchess of Cambridge has a knack for making children feel respected and valued. When she starred as a one-off guest presenter on CBeebies 'Bedtime Stories' to mark Children's Mental Health Week, Judi noted that the Duchess was measured in her voice and movements, speaking with authenticity rather than performing. "There seems to be no attempt to produce baby voices or a more childlike tone that can often patronise." It appears through her movements that Kate has adopted a similar method when navigating the rugby match with her eight-year-old. “By placing her head at the same height as her son, Kate creates a shared experience and she avoids using ‘leading’ facial expressions like a wide smile or open mouth to suggest she’s trying to prompt him.” This suggests that she consciously adopted the role of friend and fellow spectator as opposed to a strictly parental role. “George looks serious here and she looks respectful of that state. “Kate also looks happy to step back as they walk into the venue rather than sticking at George’s side to provide what might be an unnecessary sense of security via touch or attention.” There are also instances during the match where Kate turns and speaks to RFU President Jeff Blackett, leaving George to his own devices. Being careful not to mollycoddle him, she allows her son to hold his own. Judi concluded: “Kate’s behaviour suggests confidence in her son. “George looks quietly confident at these public events and, considering the barrage of strangers and cameras around him, is testimony enough to Kate’s parenting skills.”