Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, garnered popularity after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one of the groups, Facebook user Chelsea Lee Croft said: “Cleaned my mattress last night with baking soda. “I left it over night and this is how clean it has come up.” Chelsea shared a before and after photo of the mattress. The mattress appears to be yellowed and dirty in the first photo and then is seen to be bright white in the second photo. READ MORE: ‘It really works’: Using coffee can cover scratches on furniture  Chelsea also shared her method with fellow Mrs Hinch fans. She explained: “All I did was hoover my mattress, get a box of baking soda, sprinkle it all over the mattress and leave for 24 hours and hoover it up when you have left it for 24 hours. It should clean your mattress.” For mattress stains, she recommended a different solution. “You can apply some white vinegar with warm water in a bottle if you have stains but I wouldn't recommend soaking your mattress,” she said.  DON'T MISSCleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks [INSIGHT]House prices map: 10 regions see valuations soar across the UK [UPDATE]Plants: Gardeners are warned against using typical watering method [ANALYSIS] She continued: “Mix a 50/50 solution of water and white vinegar in a spray bottle. “Spray the stain and blot with a clean cloth, repeat until the stain has disappeared. “Sprinkle baking soda over the patch and hoover it up an hour later, before letting your mattress air dry.” Other Mrs Hinch fans commented on how “amazing” the hack was. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Jenni Gardiner said: “Wow that’s amazing!” Nikki Louise replied: “Looks fabulous.” Kellie Fodden wrote: “Thanks for sharing that, brilliant job. “Bulk-buying baking soda now.” Hayley Burton said: “Wow.” Wilko Original Bicarbonate of Soda costs £1.75 for 500g. Duzzit Amazing Baking Soda Multi Purpose Household Cleaner is £1.35 from Amazon. Clean+Natural Bicarb Of Soda costs just £1 from Savers. Other Facebook users shared their own hacks for cleaning mattresses. Kerry Sinclair replied: “I used it but put a few drops of lavender oil too.  “Makes it smell better too.” Angelina Benavides commented: “I use baking soda and vinegar. “Scrub it, let it sit for some time in the sun and it worked great.” Annette Johnson replied: “Sebo powder is the same. “You sprinkle it over the mattress, it comes with a built in brush within the lid, brush it in and the natural chemical becomes damp, leave for a few hours then hoover off. “I tried this on my super king size mattress last week after contemplating chucking it due to stains over the years etc. Came up as new! “You can get it from Amazon or John Lewis. I got it with my Sebo hoover for my carpets.”