Simon, a steward for the company, recalled his disbelief when he watched the video of the lay offs. P&O Ferries announced on Thursday its decision to sack 800 seafarers and replace them with foreign staff. Speaking to LBC, Simon said: "I was on night shifts, I got woken up to go and watch this important announcement and we were all sat together on board the ship. "The video was played and it was just the most shocking thing to watch. "I have rewatched it many times and I'm just still trying to figure out how someone who claims to be a HR professional can do this." He added: "We were like a family. "I would say we'd had some really tough times of late with Covid, and there was a round of redundancies in 2020. READ MORE: Tory Ministers humiliated after sending P&O letter to wrong person "We knew that Covid was going to have an impact with the business, we were trying everything that we could to help facilitate changes that were coming down the line, and then yesterday the biggest bombshell ever to probably affect a British company that I can recall." It comes as all P&O Ferries vessels will be subject to inspections before returning to sea to check whether new crews the company has "rushed through" are safe, the Transport Secretary has said. In a letter to the firm, Grant Shapps also warned the Government was "closely considering" its relationship with both P&O and its parent company, Dubai-based logistics giant DP World. Labour has called on the Government to review its contracts and licences with both firms, including DP World's running of two freeport schemes. The logistics company oversees ports at both London Gateway and Southampton. It comes after the ferries giant prompted outrage on Thursday by abruptly sacking 800 of its seafarers to replace them with cheaper agency workers. Mr Shapps urged P&O to change course and condemned the way in which staff had been treated with "zero respect". DON'T MISS Boris and Biden's master plan to cripple Putin with £1.1tn blow [INSIGHT]Caring Britain will stand firm at Ukraine’s side [EXPRESS COMMENT]Boris savages 'white flag-waving' SNP for trying to ditch nukes [VIDEO] In a new statement issued on Friday afternoon, the company said: "Our aim is to have the first of our services running again in the next day or two as we lose £1 million a day for each day they are not moving." But the Transport Secretary made clear he had instructed the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) to carry out checks on all vessels, including operational drills, before they resume sailing. "The way in which your company has made these changes has fundamentally changed the way the British public feels about P&O Ferries - with many believing that they have seen the company's true colours," he said in a letter on Friday. "I would therefore urge you to begin to repair the damage that has been caused to your company's reputation, by pausing the changes announced yesterday and starting a true dialogue with the seafarers and the trade unions. I am willing to facilitate any such dialogue through any possible means. "It is not too late for P&O Ferries to salvage this situation and I await your urgent response."