The Chancellor of the Exchequer appeared on ITV's Good Morning Britain to discuss the backlash to his spring statement, which has been criticised by many. While host Ben Shephard continued to question him, Rishi Sunak began to bid him "goodbye" despite the fact he was in the middle of a question. As the interview drew to a close, Shephard asked if he could add a final thought, but Sunak kept repeating: "Bye bye." "Of course I'm going to act and make a difference, and yesterday that's what we did," Sunak insisted. "It will put billions of pounds back in the pockets of British hard-working families, that's been my priority-" "One last thing," Shephard stated, but Sunak cut him off and remarked: "Thank you very much indeed for having me." READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role Shephard repeated: "Sorry, one last thing chancellor if I may-" "Thank you so much, bye bye," Sunak continued, dismissing the broadcaster. Shephard continued speaking but Sunak could still be heard muttering: "Bye bye, goodbye." However, the presenter asked: "The Prime Minister's just arrived in NATO for that extraordinary meeting, what are we hoping to get out of this meeting? "What are the important issues that are hoping to be discussed and how are we best going to serve Ukraine?" "Well, I think what you've seen with the Prime Minister is that he's been leading on the global stage and galvanising international opinion and action against Putin's aggression," Sunak replied. "I think world leaders will be talking about what we can do today to ensure that we can support Ukraine in the way that we have both militarily but also with humanitarian aid. "And then also by making sure that we are united in putting very strong sanctions on Russia that will have a severe economic cost to them. DON'T MISS... Prince William labelled 'deeply embarrassing' over slavery statement [VIDEO]Louise Minchin took BBC bosses by 'surprise' with exit [LATEST]Phil Spencer unveils future of Location, Location, Location [EXCLUSIVE] "That is already happening, the Russian ruble has plummeted to record lows and Moscow stock exchange has been actively shut for the best part of a month. "And the Russian Central Bank has had to double interest rate to 20 percent, so people should feel reassured that not only are we playing our part here, we are also playing our part with allies in sending a strong signal to Russia." Concluding, the chancellor once again remarked: "But thank you so much for having me, I've got to get to my next interview - thank you so much." Social media users soon commented on the awkward interaction and labelled Sunak as "rude". Twitter user @bestchester276 wrote: "Sunak is just one rude arrogant individual #GMB." Jim Kavanagh joked: "Rishi Sunak: Thank you so much for having me. Bye Bye Ben.... "Ben Shephard: You're going nowhere mate. Have another f**ing question. #GMB." @SlapstickSally commented: "Rishi Sunak stood there going 'bye bye, bye bye' #GMB." Bill K penned: "#gmb @RishiSunak Sunak with his usual interview techniques.... 1. 'I didn't hear all that question' 2. Carry on talking to waste interview time 3. 'Gotta go to my next interview.' Running away is not a good look." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.