Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge will be visiting the annual St Patrick's Day Parade of the 1st Battalion Irish Guards today (March 17) after a two-year hiatus. The Duke and Duchess have visited the event on several occasions in previous years, but one visit stands out among all the others due to an embarrassing incident involving Kate's shoes. William and Kate were all smiles as they attended the St Patrick's Day event back in 2013, with the Duchess dressed in traditional green for the outing. Kate was pregnant with Prince George at the time, but she still rocked her trademark pumps during the visit. But during the parade, it seems Kate's trademark footwear let her down when her four-inch heel got stuck in a drain, leaving her slightly red-faced - but still smiling. Luckily for Kate, Prince William was on hand to assist her as she freed her heel from the grate.  READ MORE: Queen needed 'generous deal' as the royals were 'running out of money' Despite the mishap, the Duke and Duchess were both in good spirits and they took the minor incident in their stride. Prince William was appointed as Colonel of the Irish Guards back in 2011, a few months before he married Kate Middleton. The pair have always looked delighted to pay a visit to the regiment on previous St Patrick's Day parades. Kate and William's visit to the St Patrick's Day event today will be their first in-person visit for two years.  The Covid pandemic saw the event cancelled last year, and in 2020 much of the regiment were deployed overseas. During their visit, Kate and William will present sprigs of shamrock to the people serving in the regiment. Kate will also be given the honour of presenting a sprig of shamrock to the Irish Wolf Hound regimental mascot. A statement from Kensington Palace read: "The Duke of Cambridge, Colonel of the Irish Guards, accompanied by The Duchess of Cambridge, will visit the 1st Battalion Irish Guards at the St. Patrick's Day Parade, Mons Barracks in Aldershot on Thursday, March 17.  DON'T MISS:Prince George tipped to attend upcoming engagement alongside Kate [INSIGHT]The Queen's £24m Irish home - inside Hillsborough Castle near Belfast [PICTURES]Princess Charlotte may inherit ultra-rare title only used SEVEN times [ANALYSIS] "This will be the first time The Duke and Duchess have attended the parade since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic." This week it has been all-go for Kate and William, with both in attendance at the Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey on Monday. And on Saturday the couple will start their tour of Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee.  The trip will be the couple's first joint official royal tour abroad since before the pandemic began.