In Britain, dentists operate both under the National Health Service (NHS) for a subsidised fee, or privately. Some people who are eligible for specific benefits may receive a higher subsidiary for dental care or may be able to receive some treatments free of charge. The Red Cross provides information for people who have recently arrived in the UK as immigrants on how to access a dentist. Some dentists offer a combination of NHS and private treatment. If you can afford private treatment, then you may be able to apply to become a patient, although this will carry a higher cost than if you are an NHS patient. You should register with a dentist as an NHS patient for lower or free dental care. READ MORE: Pfizer fourth booster vaccine: Early trial reveals three side effects If you are receiving certain benefits, your check-ups and necessary treatments will be free. You might get additional money from Universal Credit if you have a health condition, which means you are unable to work or prepare for work. However, if you do get any dental treatment before receiving Universal Credit this can result in charges. If you are on a low income, you may be eligible to apply to the NHS low income scheme for help with health costs such as prescriptions, dental care and eyesight tests. DON'T MISSCancer: Pears shields the body against cancer [REPORT]Norovirus: Outbreaks of vomiting bug - symptoms to spot [EXPLAINER]Covid: Less than two-thirds self-isolating following positive test [INSIGHT] When you see your dentist for a check-up, they will first carry out an examination or assessment. This is the first part of each course of NHS treatment and is included in the "Band One" charge. The NHS website states that this is £23.80. You do not have to register with a dentist in the same way as with a GP to receive NHS treatment. Therefore, you should not be asked to have an examination or pay for any private work before being accepted by an NHS dentist. However, if you want to have any cosmetic dental treatment, such as tooth whitening, this must be done privately for an added cost. Different dental surgeries may carry their own specific pricing for this type of treatment. At your check-up, your dentist will assess your mouth, teeth and gums and advise you on how to look after them.