Sue Bell and Dave Haywood, who have saved more than 400 dogs since they opened their sanctuary in 2016, issued a plea to pet-friendly homeowners as they look for a new place to continue their work after DAS Dalmatians' premises, just outside Newton Abbott, Devon, have become "inhabitable". The centre, the couple explained, is vulnerable to extreme weather conditions, and the roads in the area are so bad emergency services cannot reach it. Ms Bell said: "We live in a stable that is down a bridleway. No one will deliver anything. ''A few weeks ago we had an electrical fire, and we were very lucky that Dave and I were awake – otherwise, who knows what could have happened. "We are on the side of a valley, so every time it rains it floods us. The roof has holes in it so we are exposed to the elements. "The road is so narrow and bumpy that emergency services are also unable to reach us." READ MORE: Family walk turns into nightmare after dog plummets down cliff Last month, DAS Dalmatians was forced to stop taking in new dogs due to the state of their property. The 31 dogs they currently have don't live in kennels or cages but on the beds and sofas around the converted stable home. Dinnertime consists of shovelling out 15kg of dog biscuits every day, with Ms Bell making sure every dog gets enough. She said: "Life with these dogs is madness but I wouldn't have it any other way. "I do this work because I want to help. "Every old or end of life dog deserves to spend the rest of its days being loved in comfort and to leave this earth with kindness and dignity." The first dog the couple helped was a six-month-old puppy that was being sold as part of a drug deal. Now, they get contacted for help by members of the public, veterinary practices, rescues that cannot take certain dogs, social workers, families or the Animal and Plant Health Agency (APHA). DON'T MISSOne dead and two injured after two cars collide near Asda [INSIGHT]Road ripped apart in scenes 'like an earthquake' [IMAGES]Mum says mouldy council flat forcing her to share sofa bed with 3 kids [REPORT] Ms Bell said: "If a dog needs our help, I will do whatever I can do to help if we have room." Yet at the moment, the sanctuary's mission is on hold, she explained: "We can not help dogs that are threatened to be euthanised as we do not have room to keep them separated while being assessed." After assessment and rehabilitation, the Dalmatians that can live normally again are rehomed, while those that cannot are taken in as part of Ms Bell's and Mr Haywood's family. She said: "These pups stay with us forever, being loved and having the best we can give them." In a call for potential landlords, Ms Bell added: "We have so many wonderful dogs that need our care, a huge mixture of ages, and we don't want them to live in mud anymore. "People don't realise that the dogs are so quiet because they don't live in kennels – they don't make a noise!" Ms Bell and Mr Haywood, who run the sanctuary full-time, are after a long term let, ideally within a few hours drive of Morecambe Bay, Lancashire, in a rural setting with at least an acre of land and a yard. You can donate to the sanctuary here.