Manchester United legend Rio Ferdinand has questioned the timing of reports suggesting that Marcus Rashford is considering his future at Old Trafford. The Red Devils were subjected to a humiliating defeat against local rivals Manchester City on Sunday, which hammered home the need for a major reshuffle in the summer. Rashford has endured a tough season on an individual level, after committing to shoulder surgery which saw him sit out the start of the campaign. Regardless, many thought he would start against City with the likes of Edinson Cavani and Cristiano Ronaldo both absent. But he had to settle for a spot on the bench as Bruno Fernando was chosen to play through the middle, and Rashford came on during the second half as the Sky Blues ran out 4-1 winners. The emphatic result could have dealt the attacker's morale further damage, and The Guardian claim that he is seriously considering his future with the Red Devils. JUST IN: Everton boss Frank Lampard may bin four players after Tottenham ramp up relegation danger  His departure is deemed unthinkable by many, given how he rose through the ranks with his boyhood club. Ferdinand, who won six Premier League titles at Old Trafford between 2002 and 2014, suggests that he is not in any position to make requests in light of his current form.  "You can only talk like that when you’re performing well and banging balls in the back of the net on a consistent basis," Ferdinand told Vibe with FIVE. "Marcus isn’t doing that right now. "He hasn’t played well for a while. He doesn’t look happy at United at the moment. READ MORE: Rangnick's view on squad could still save Man Utd from £100m signing "I watch Marcus and I feel like he’s got the weight of the world on his shoulders. I’ve seen it for weeks, he doesn’t look happy. "The Marcus Rashford that came in, that’s Man Utd. He blazed through and you thought that’s another product of that youth team conveyor belt with energy, spark, quality, class, aggressive, work ethic.  "Those things that I’ve mentioned are not what we’re seeing with Marcus right now and if he’s brutally honest with himself, he would agree that he hasn’t been on it. "To say that you’re assessing your future in the climate with Man Utd struggling, you’ve got to be playing well before you can talk like that."  Rashford has notched just four goals and two assists in the league this season, but PSG are still believed to be weighing up the idea of a summer swoop. Other top clubs are likely to throw their hats into the ring too, as minds do not have to be cast too far back to remember the 24-year-old at his electric best. ESPN claim that his spot in England's World Cup squad is in jeopardy, which could force Rashford's hand in requesting an exit unless he is given more opportunities under interim boss Ralf Rangnick. Fellow Red Devils outcast Jesse Lingard is in a similar boat with regards to Gareth Southgate's international plans, and could join Rashford in seeking out exit routes once the season concludes.