Donny Osmond, 64, first rose to prominence as a teen idol while performing with four of his elder brothers as the Osmonds. The group achieved worldwide fame and earned several top ten hits and gold albums until Donny began his solo career in the early 1970s.  However, being launched to fame as a child was not all glamour for Donny. In a new interview, the singer and actor confessed that it can also become a “curse” and be “really difficult to break out of”. “It is a curse when you hit it big as a little kid because everyone wants to keep you in that pigeonhole,” Donny told Fox News. He continued: “And it’s really difficult to break out of it. Some people have been able to do it successfully.” Donny pointed out Canadian singer Justin Bieber’s case who has “done an amazing job,” but “didn’t go through it easily either". He also stressed that he was determined to let his music “speak for itself” rather than using PR strategies. Donny recounted: “I decided long ago that I wasn’t going to do it with scandals, trickery or promotional campaigns. I was going to do it with my music, which is a really difficult way to do it. “But it happened. And it took me 10 years. But I wanted the music to speak for itself.” Donny went on to explain that it is “very difficult to break out of that teenybopper career". However, “perseverance” and support from his fans helped him position himself as an adult. Donny recently took to Twitter to share some big news with his 202,000 followers. He announced that he and his wife Debbie would be leaving Utah, where they have lived for several years, for Las Vegas. DON'T MISS...‘Just doesn't understand!' Lorraine Kelly makes ‘change’ with husband [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid ‘sacrificing extra work projects to find a new beau' [NEWS]Louise Minchin, 53, braves freezing cold temperatures in swimwear [NEWS] The huge move comes after the couple spent more than a decade "living in hotels and in rental homes". He shared a candid video of their move where they could be seen parked up in the car. Donny said: "So after 14 years of living in a hotel and a couple of rental places, Debbie and I have decided to buy a little place in Las Vegas. "We're on our way down there right now." Debbie interjected: "With our little U-Haul truck." He chuckled: "We've got a U-Haul trailer back there. We've got a bed, some furniture back there. It's almost like..." Debbie commented: "Yes, it's like 1981. Where were we? It was after Joseph [referring to Donny taking part in the play Joseph and the Amazing Technicolour Dreamcoat]." Donny corrected: "No, it was after Johnny Jones."