Mrs Hinch, whose real name is Sophie Hinchliffe, garnered popularity after sharing clever cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram and has also authored several books. Now, fans of hers have created their own Facebook groups dedicated to sharing cleaning and tidying tips, one of which includes how to remove toilet bowl stains. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to remove a heavy build up of limescale at the bottom for her toilet bowl. Joanna Calenti wrote: “I’m trying to remove heavy limescale build up from the bottom of my toilet bowl. “Have used white vinegar, on joy and 24 hours with Spirits of Salt which shifted some but not all. Any suggestions?” Our toilets go through a lot and are used every day, multiple times a day. READ MORE: How to clean your fridge with baking soda and white vinegar Over time, hard water stains, general dirt, grime and dust can build up and make our loos look unsightly. The post was inundated with comments from fellow cleaning enthusiasts eager to share their top tips for cleaning toilet bowls. According to the majority of Mrs Hinch fans, using a 2p coin was the most popular solution. Nicola Gonzalez said: “Use a 2p coin to rub the limescale off, it’s so quick and easy.” DON'T MISS:Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share hack to achieve the ‘softest’ towels [TIPS]White vinegar for cleaning: 5 things vinegar and baking soda can clean [INSIGHT]Houseplants: Use the mayonnaise ’super trick’ to grow ‘healthy’ plants [EXPERT] Pamela Seale commented: “2p coin works amazing on limescale.” Lisa Swarbrick suggested: “Plunge out the water and rub the toilet using a 2p coin and the limescale just falls off.” Maggie Nash explained: “After trying many cleaning tips, a 2p coin works the best and is cheap so you don’t have to buy any cleaning products.” Lisa Thomson agreed: “A 2p coin will sort your toilet right out.” Zoe Parry added: “I had the same problem. I found that a 2p coin does the trick and it doesn’t cost a thing.” Not only is the 2p cleaning hack easy and affordable, it banishes the need for harsh cleaning chemicals. Other Mrs Hinch fans went down the route of using Coca-Cola to remove toilet bowl limescale. Sonia Williams said: “Tip coke down there and leave overnight.” Danielle Ganning explained: “Full fat coke, pour in and leave overnight then flush. It will all be gone by morning.” Pauline Farr suggested: “Bottle of coke and leave for a few hours.” Maggie Harman agreed: “Coca-Cola left in the toilet for a few hours will sort any limescale right out.” Heather Buchanan added: “Original Coca-Cola will do the trick.”