Rafael Nadal has been praised for his dedication by Ash Barty off the back of her retirement. The world No 1 made the shock decision to walk away from tennis earlier this week despite being the world's current best WTA player and the reigning champion of both Wimbledon and the Australian Open. Barty stunned the tennis world on Wednesday when she announced she would be retiring from the sport aged just 25, while sitting atop the rankings and holding three Grand Slam titles. She had started the season 11-0 after winning Adelaide and the Australian Open, ending a 44-year wait for an Aussie women's singles champion, before announcing she would skip Indian Wells and Miami. The Queenslander was set to represent Australia in their Billie Jean King Cup tie next month in Brisbane but it was called off after Russia's ban from the competitions saw Australia gain direct entry to the Finals and Barty subsequently retired, admitting she would have used the BJK Cup clash as her farewell event in her home state. Barty admitted she had lost her drive after achieving her goal of winning Wimbledon last summer. "I don’t have the physical drive, the emotional want and everything it takes to challenge yourself at the very top of the level any more. I am spent," she told good friend and former doubles partner Casey Dellacqua in her retirement interview video. The following day the 15-time title winner elaborated on her decision in a press conference and took a moment to praise Rafael Nadal for his ability to stay motivated. JUST IN: Andy Murray given hope of Daniil Medvedev upset by Andy Roddick  "You think of Rafael Nadal as someone whose longevity in the sport has been undeniable," the recent Aussie Open champion said. "He's been amazing for the sport of tennis. For me as a fan to see him do that over such an extended period has been a pleasure." But it was never going to be the same for Barty, whose coach admitted he knew the 25-year-old wouldn't be chasing endless Grand Slam wins lke the Spaniard. “I think it speaks volumes for who she is. How many Grand Slams are enough? I mean, we’re amazed at we’ve seen. Rafa, you know, at the French and what he’s done," Craig Tyzzer said in the wake of his charge's retirement "But it was never about the success, it was about fulfilling Ash’s dreams. We did that.” DON'T MISSDjokovic decision questioned by ex-star as two players called outDaniil Medvedev defended after calls for ban on Russian tennis playersNovak Djokovic 'to team up with Serena Williams' as Serb draws up plan  While Barty will now turn her attention to life after tennis, which includes doing up her new Queensland home and marrying fiance Garry Kissick, Nadal is attempting to recover from a new injury with the French Open on the horizon. The Spaniard had also started the season undefeated and picked up a title before going on to win the Australian Open like Barty. He continued his streak of match wins to 20 in a row, also winning the title in Acapulco and reaching the Indian Wells final, but picked up a stress fracture in one of his ribs during his Indian Wells semi-final against Carlos Alcaraz. The world No 3 will now be out for four to six weeks, forcing him to miss the start of the clay-court swing in Monte Carlo and Barcelona.