The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are currently on an eight-day tour to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee which sees them visit three Caribbean nations. So far the royal couple have visited Belize, and are spending their last few hours in Jamaica, before making their way to the Bahamas. During their visits so far, the couple has faced protests as well as cheering crowds of well-wishers. Upon arriving in Jamaica, William and Kate were met by a protest calling for reparations from the monarchy. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were accused of benefitting from the “blood, tears and sweat” of slaves. Dan Wootton, claims allegations made by Meghan and Harry during their Oprah Winfrey interview are “being weaponised against the Royal Family” and is “derailing” the Cambridges while they carry out their tour. During the two-hour tell-all interview, Meghan, 40 claimed that someone in “the Firm” had raised “concerns” about “how dark” Archie's skin would be before he was born because she is mixed-race and Harry is white. Following this, her husband Harry, 37, added: “That conversation, I am never going to share. At the time it was awkward, I was a bit shocked.” The couple refused to name the person in question because it would be “damaging” to them but did reveal it was not Queen Elizabeth II or Prince Philip who made the comments. In the aftermath of the televised piece, Buckingham Palace released a statement saying “recollections may vary” and that the issues raised would be discussed by the family privately. READ MORE: Kate and Prince William are 'future of the Monarchy', expert says Also, William publicly stated furiously that “we are very much not a racist family”. However, Mr Wootton claims Jamaican attorney and reparations advocate Bert Samuels has used Meghan and Harry’s allegations “to help advance his political cause for the UK to be forced to pay reparations to compensate for African slaves brought to the island before the practice was made illegal in 1833.” Mr Samuels told Newsweek: “Jamaicans were very torn up to hear about Harry and Meghan's issue, and Harry and Meghan's interview with Oprah Winfrey, and that has torn us. “That's William's brother, that's his nephew, and for Harry to have been treated the way he was, and worse yet Meghan. DON'T MISS ‘A future Queen is here!’ Kate turns heads in ‘stunning’ gown [PICTURES]  Queen sparks fears of missing Prince Philip's memorial [INSIGHT] Prince William lays bare personal highlight of royal Caribbean tour [REVEAL] “The Jamaicans are very hurt by the treatment of an African American woman in that family. William needs to speak to that when he comes and as it were, he should come here with an apology, not only for slavery but for the treatment of a black woman who had to run out of the palace with her husband. “That's a strong issue and that's a fresh wound.” In a column for the Daily Mail, Mr Wootton addressed the fact that the allegations made by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex about the monarchy being a racist institution is “casting doubt on its senior members is now providing a significant boost to the fast-moving republican cause in Jamaica at the worst possible moment”. He added: “Republicans across the Commonwealth would try to use the claims to bring the Queen’s reign to an end in the monarch’s twilight years.” Later he claimed it was “utter hogwash” to suggest Meghan’s race played any role in the ensuing rows. He added: “Meghan wasn’t pushed out of the Royal Family because of ethnicity and to even countenance such a fantasy is irresponsible.” He later blasted the Duchess of Sussex, calling for “shame” to be upon her for “the damage she’s caused to the Commonwealth and shame on the propagandists in Jamaica and the media using her fantasies to advance their republican cause”. Express.co.uk has contacted Archewell for comment