Top Boy fans have been anticipating the return of the gang drama for more than two years. Netflix has now delivered on its promise with series two ready to watch in full. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about that explosive finale. Lauryn (played by Saffron Hocking) previously managed to flee Liverpool and her controlling boyfriend Curtis (Howard Charles) and his sister Vee (Ava Brennan). This meant the arms dealers headed on a warpath, stealing Dushane Hill's (Ashley Walters) drug supply and opening fire in his girlfriend Shelley's (Little Simz) nail bar. Jaq (Jasmine Jobson) formed a plan to meet with Curtis, pretending to hand over Lauryn but with the rest of the gang at the ready to ambush him. Before he was able to meet with Jaq, Curtis received a call from Lauryn, informing him of her location. She apologised and agreed to go back to Liverpool with Curtis, before stabbing him several times in the chest and neck, leaving him to bleed out on the floor. READ MORE: Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? The residents of Summerhouse were being forced to leave so the estate could come under development. In the redeveloped plan, this meant them leaving their homes for good with the council housing them elsewhere which caused an uproar among the community. As an investor, Dushane was previously happy with the plans as it would launder his drug money but when his mum Pat (Marsha Millar) died, he changed his mind. She was adamant about fighting the developers and so Dushane fulfilled her wish by threatening Jeffrey (Shaun Dingwall). If he didn't revert back to the original plans, Dushane would have his wife Lizzie (Lisa Dwan) killed for her scheming behind his back regarding the drug empire. By the end of the episode, the residents were cheering as the U-turn was announced. Kit (Kadeem Ramsay) admitted to having Ats Ayittey (Keiyon Cook) attacked after he helped land Jamie Tovell (Micheal Ward) in prison. He wanted Ats to be roughed up but when the fight got out of control, his attacker ended up pulling the trigger. Dushane instructed Jamie to kill his lifelong friend which, at first, he was entirely against. So much so, that the pair formed a plan to run away to Cardiff, along with Stefan (Araloyin Oshunremi) and Aaron (Hope Ikpoku Jr). When Jamie realised how much this move would impact his brothers though, he decided to go ahead with it, shooting Kit in the head before they were about to drive off. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Graham Foster 'returns from the dead' to help Meena? [THEORY]Why did Micheal Ward leave Top Boy as Jamie? [EXPLAINER]Top Boy season 3: Will there be another series of Top Boy? [UPDATE] Back in season one, Jamie had tried to have Sully (Kane "Kano" Robinson) murdered on more than one occasion. Sully never trusted Jamie as he knew that he wanted to be the top boy on the Summerhouse estate. So when Dushane started talking as if Jamie would one day be his successor, Sully was far from happy. This is when he chose to take action himself so this would never happen. There is a time jump of potentially a few weeks when everything has calmed down in the season's final moments. A knock at the door changes everything though as when Jamies goes to answer, it is Sully with a gun. To Stefan and Aaron's shock, Sully shoots their older brother first in the chest and then in the head before leaving the crime scene. With Jamie dead, how is this going to impact his family, Sully's relationship with Dushane and the rest of the gang? Top Boy seasons 1-2 are available to watch on Netflix. Top Boy Summerhouse seasons 1-2 are also available to stream on Netflix.