Marcus (played by Darcy Grey) has had his world turned upside down after being brought to the Emmerdale village by Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry) to inform him his father, Pierce (Jonathan Wrather), was dying. The newcomer to the ITV soap never got to see the killer because he was told the prisoner had died behind bars and in recent scenes, he attended the villain's funeral. However, this could have all been a set-up so the murderer could get closer to his son and watching him from the shadows, Pierce could order Marcus' demise. This could be an extremely surprising plot twist as Pierce could have made a connection with another prisoner who has contacts with criminals on the outside world. It could have been this person who was speaking to Rhona and Marcus, posing as a jail official who was informing them about Pierce's condition. At first, it could have been part of a revenge plan against Rhona as the villain might have thought if he brought his son into the picture, he would take over his mission to make the villager's life a living hell. With the killer hiring the criminals to keep an eye on his son when he was told the youngster was getting closer to his ex-wife, he could have told his fellow inmate to make the call he was dead. Pierce might have expected Marcus to go off the rails as he would have blamed her for keeping him away from his father for so many years. READ MORE: Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series 'No-brainer' However, when he is told by the criminals Marcus has become a resident in the village and has made peace with Rhona, he could be shaken. Knowing he needs to take the reins of the mission and show his son a lesson, the villain could order the criminals to kill his son. Although this would be extreme, Pierce would know if his son died, Rhona would be crushed having developed a bond with the newcomer. He could also tell the criminals to murder his son and make sure his ex-wife finds him as he would also want them to leave a note behind. As the village vet reads the letter, she would be shocked to the core Pierce is still alive and willing to torment her in the worst ways possible, including killing his own son. The likes of Ethan Anderson (Emile John) would also be heartbroken as he has developed a romance with the newcomer over the past couple of weeks. He might not have realised he had also been duped by Pierce as he had been working on making sure Marcus got his inheritance. Ethan and Rhona could work together to try and get justice for Marcus as they make the authorities aware the villain has means of contacting them from the inside. Unfortunately, the serial killer could be one step ahead of the game and he could have gotten rid of any evidence linking his back to his son's death. Will the villain finally be brought down or is he going to continue to torment Rhona for the rest of her days? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Emma Atkins issues warning to Lucy Pargeter over soap [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb hints at return to acting after quitting soap [COMMENT]Zoë Henry: Emmerdale star on husband's life-changing condition [COMMENT] Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, the actor who plays Marcus, Darcy, has revealed he's not too sure how long his character is going to be sticking around. The actor teased an exit for his character, stating: "He's an open book and it could go anywhere, like does he stay in the village? "Does he leave? What's his relationship with Rhona going to be like? Is he going to be part of the village or is he going to ruffle up some feathers?" At the moment, it seems he is staying due to his romance with Ethan and being given approval by Rhona to stick around now Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) knows the truth. However, at what point could his father return from the dead in one of the most deadly twists to ever air on the programme? It could come at the time of Emmerdale's 50th anniversary in October and show bosses have promised some huge surprises in store. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, executive producer Jane Hudson said: "We're going to be having a golden month of celebration to mark our 50th. "There are going to be mind-blowing stunts, more heartbreaks, secrets and lies are revealed. It's going to be the gift that keeps on giving and the party no one wants to end. "Our 2022 is very much going to be building our stories for the 50th golden month of celebrations. We need to make this the biggest year we've ever had. "We might see some old faces returning, we're not sure yet. I think there is a lot coming up – the focus is really to celebrate Emmerdale turning 50." One of the returning faces could be Pierce, who was last seen on the show back in 2020 when he killed Graham Foster (Andrew Scarborough). The villain also held Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick) hostage and assaulted Kim Tate (Claire King) before being sent back to jail for his crimes. It's outside of his remit to kill his son if it came to it so he could be able to arrange such a plot twist to happen. Many viewers thought Marcus and Pierce were working together when the newcomer first arrived so could this suggest they were never in cahoots? Emmerdale currently airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV, with an extra episode airing on Thursdays at 8pm.