McLaren star Lando Norris recalled an awkward chat with Red Bull chief Helmut Marko earlier in his racing career. The Brit appeared on the F1: Beyond the Grid podcast back in 2020 to discuss the strange conversation, which included a bizarre comparison with Max Verstappen.  The 22-year-old was signed to his current team as a junior driver back in 2017 but, a year prior, his exchange with the 78-year-old left him feeling red-faced and a little confused. “I don’t really know. I met Helmut Marko actually after qualifying in pole in Monaco before being disqualified for having something illegal on the car,” Norris said when asked if he was approached to join the Red Bull programme. “I was in Formula Renault in 2016 and I was on pole, and my manager got a call from Helmut Marko. “And I went to go from our paddock all the way into the paddock of F1 onto the Red Bull barge. And I walked in, met him and had a little conversation. I still remember pretty much everything he said.” Marko wanted to know some information about the car Norris was driving at the time and after the Brit gave his answer, he received a response which saw him compared to the current world champion. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton to change his surname to honour his mum who 'lost her name at marriage'   “He just wanted to get to know a little bit about me, and he was asking me a few questions. How much does a Formula Renault car weigh? I have no idea, I had to come up with something… yeah you know 426 kilos or something like that," he added.  "No offer, no. I was in a good position with what I was doing and my manager looked after a lot of conversations, and for the best, Norris continued. "There might have been something but I ended up not joining red bull. "And continuing the run I was in at the time, which was just doing well in Formula Renault, ended up winning that. "Being a free guy, not getting caught up in Red bull, like once you’re in you’re on a tight leash of what you can do.  “My manager knew for me the best thing to do was be on my own, and not be with Red bull or any other team at that time.” Several years later, Norris is an established member of McLaren, and after signing a bumper contract extension last month, he will remain with the team until at least 2025. With the start of the new season just days away, the youngster will be hoping to close the gap on Red Bull and Mercedes at the top of the standings. 