Rimmel London Lasting Finish 25 Hour Foundation is an impressively long-lasting product that stays locked into place thanks to its rub, transfer and sweat-proof formula. Usually retailing for £9.99, this already budget-friendly foundation has had its price slashed by 47 percent on Amazon - bringing it down to just £5.33. Buy: Amazon (£5.33) READ MORE: 15 best brow pencils in 2022 for effortlessly fuller brows READ MORE: Save up to 40% on fragrances from Feelunique in time for Mother's Day  The flawless finish of the foundation is ideal for those who prefer full coverage and is often compared to far more expensive products throughout the reviews - most commonly Estée Lauder Double Wear. “I’ve been an Estée Lauder double wear user for about 4 years, but being a student I was fed up of paying £27 a bottle! Buy: Amazon (£5.33) “This product is as good for a quarter of the price! I have oily/dry/acne/combination skin, this product manages to hide all my imperfections, whilst not looking too heavy”. As the UK is due for a heatwave this month, a sweat-proof foundation is a must-have in your makeup collection. One reviewer said: “I've just tried this today, the hottest day of the year, and I've been sweating on and off all day. “The foundation stayed put! I am pleasantly surprised. This is the first makeup I've used that does not sweat off”. Buy: Amazon (£5.33) Another happy customer was also impressed with the longevity of this foundation, saying it’s an “Unbeatable long-lasting, full coverage foundation that goes on perfectly every time! “I have used foundations that were a lot more expensive in the past and not as good quality, but once I found this one I haven't looked back!" One reviewer who has been using this product for a full decade said its “the only foundation that doesn't make my skin look strange once applied. It's light but also has good coverage. “I have been using it for 10 years and won't ever change”. You can buy Rimmel London Lasting Finish 25 Hour Foundation while it's still on sale on Amazon here.