The number of UK properties whose owners’ principal correspondence address is in Russia reached 1,127 in August 2021, according to a Freedom of Information request to the Land Registry. This marks a rise from 86 at the start of 2010 - a 1,200 percent increase. More than a quarter of the 430 homes in St George’s Hill, a heavily guarded 964-acre estate near Weybridge, Surrey, are owned by Russians and those from former Soviet state, according to The Guardian. Joy, a 75-year-old retired furniture saleswoman in the area, spoke of her thoughts on “all those bloody dodgy Russians next door” amid the Ukraine invasion. She told the newspaper: “I think they should all be turfed out of the country. “Why should they be allowed to live here when there is a war going on over there. The only way to stop Putin is to put pressure on Russians." Joy then added “the rich Russians who live in the huge houses over there,” pointing at the fence that separates the communal garden of her council estate from the St George’s Hill golf course in the estate, “the Government should seize their houses”. In the wake of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, Government’s around the world have began looking into Russian ownership of property and businesses in other countries. Figures show more than 85,000 UK properties are owned by offshore entities, according to Transparency International, a nonprofit organisation. Transparency International estimated Russians accused of corruption or with links to the Kremlin have bought about £1.5bn of UK property since 2016. Liz Truss, the foreign secretary, said on Sunday the Government was drawing up a “hit-list” of oligarchs with links to Vladimir Putin who will be added to the sanctions list in coming days and weeks. She said: “We have to make it deeply painful for the oligarchs that support the Putin regime. There are over a hundred Russian billionaires.” “Nothing is off the table in terms of who or what we are targeting.” READ MORE: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin loses 6,000 troops to fierce Ukraine fight Speaking to the Sunday Times, Ms Truss warned the Government is “very prepared to do what it takes” to tackle Russian oligarchs. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said on Thursday he would push forward legislation on a register of overseas property ownership. The Prime Minister added sanctions include a new unit in the National Crime Agency, the ‘Kleptocracy Cell’, to target “Russian assets hidden in the UK”, saying it will mean “oligarchs in London have nowhere to hide”. Mr Johnson has so far announced sanctions on more than 100 Russian companies and eight individuals in what he described as “the largest and most severe package of economic sanctions that Russia has ever seen”. He added: “We will continue on a remorseless mission to squeeze Russia from the global economy piece by piece, day by day and week by week.” DON'T MISS It comes as Roman Abramovich, owner of Chelsea Football Club, has come under scrutiny for his links to Putin. Mr Abramovich amassed an enormous fortune by purchasing assets from the Soviet Union as it collapsed at a cut price as part of the loans for shares scheme.He would later serve as governor of the Chukotka region in the very far north-east of Russia. In a High Court case in 2012, Mrs Justice Gloster, observed that Mr Abramovich had "very good relations" with Putin and "privileged access to" him, but added there was nothing to suggest the former was in a position to "pull the presidential strings". On Saturday, Mr Abramovich announced he would be stepping away from control of Chelsea but would remain owner. The Chelsea Foundation, which were handed control of the club, reported a "serious incident" to the Charity Commission before its trustees agree to take over "custody and care”. It also comes as OpenDemocracy.net revealed details on an elite Russian lobbyist who offered clients “exclusive access” to Government ministers, who was also pictured with Mr Johnson at numerous Conservative Party events. Former politician Sergey Pechinin boasted on LinkedIn that his company, Realia Capital, “can introduce you to executives in UK government [sic] and help to build and maintain relations”. According to openDemocracy, Pechinin has financial links to the Conservative Party, and in 2018 tried to donate £2,400 to the party, but the money was rejected. Pechinin was labelled an “impermissible donor” because officials were unable to prove he was on the UK electoral register. Pechinin told openDemocracy his donation was declined “because I have a Russian passport”. Another of his firms, Realia EM Ltd, went on to successfully give £4,000 last year to the Carlton Club, an elite private members’ establishment in Mayfair that has given almost £1m to the Conservative Party Speaking to daily US newspaper Stars and Stripes, property adviser Charles McDowell said London attracts investment from around the world, not just Russia. While he noted an uptick of Russian buyers in the past year, he said: “London is a truly international city that attracts truly international people from all over the world. “As with any country, you’re going to get your fair share of good, bad and indifferent.”