With inflation on the rise, and the base rate so low, many Britons will be looking for the best interest rates available for their cash savings. The Flex Regular Saver is a regular savings account for Nationwide current account members. Customers can secure a higher rate of interest if they limit the amount of withdrawals on the account. People can save often and make the most of their money. Britons can deposit up to £200 each month for 12 months for 2.50 percent interest. Up to three withdrawals can be made during the 12 month account term without impacting the rate. READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares the ‘top’ easy access savings account - ‘A big best buy!’ The high percentage is a variable rate meaning it could change at any time. If someone makes four or more withdrawals in the 12 months, their rate will drop to 0.35 percent AER/gross a year (variable) for the rest of the term. Nationwide will then apply the lower rate on the day they make their fourth withdrawal. The account has been designed for Britons who want to be able to save at least £200 each month. After 12 months, money will be moved to an instant access savings account with a lower interest rate. On the Nationwide website, they gave other examples: It is designed for: Nationwide will work out a person’s interest daily. This is then paid into their account on the anniversary of their account opening. If an account is closed early, Nationwide will pay the interest on the day it's closed into another Nationwide current or savings account, or a current account with another UK provider. This account must be in the person's name and be able to accept payments. To open an account, Britons must be 16 and have a valid email address. To be eligible, people have to already have a Nationwide current account. All account can be accessed online.All accounts can be accessed online. People can open an account on nationwide.co.uk. They should click the 'Start application' button to help get them started with the form. Alternatively, people can use the Internet Bank, or Banking App if they are registered. They will need to pay money into your account within 28 days or the account will close. The most people can pay in when they open an account is £200.