Express.co.uk readers have also attacked Oxford’s new Zero Emissions Zone which charges drivers a daily fee for using a non-zero emissions vehicle. Some motorists have attacked the changes as “daylight robbery” while some claimed they would never return to the city. The most polluting petrol and diesel owners are the most affected by the changes and will be hit with a £10 daily fee for entering the zone. These drivers will soon face higher £20 per day fees from 2025 in a massive blow to road users. Twitter user Stew Fisher said: “I know I've said it before but I say it again ‘Emission Zones’ like London's ULEZ and Oxford's ZEZ are an attack on the poor and disabled. “Do you think rich people care? READ MORE: New car tax changes will hit petrol and diesel owners with daily fee “They can write off the expense while driving their big powerful cars, [whereas] vulnerable people cannot.” Twitter user ‘littlebrother5’ also attacked the new changes as “daylight robbery”. They said: “£10 a day plus fuel, plus road tax. “The price of petrol at the moment this is nothing to do with clean air this is all about getting the people that can't afford it off the road, daylight robbery.” DON'T MISSCar tax changes for petrol and diesel drivers is ‘blackmail’  [COMMENT]Confusion over which vehicles are exempt from new car tax rules [INSIGHT]Car tax fees 'should be the same across all cities’  [ANALYSIS] Express.co.uk readers have also attacked the new road tax fees in Oxford. Express reader ‘Wierdsinbad’ added: “This is mostly going to affect the poor. “Instead of helping the environment it will push people out of the areas it's being used.” ‘Seeker26’ even added they would never visit the city centre again as they feel it is “hostile” to road users. They said: “Having routinely shopped there, at considerable expense, over many decades, Oxford is now 'dead to me'. “No way will I ever again go there. “The dump was never motorist friendly, now it's aggressively HOSTILE. “Never again, let's hope the High Street shop owners can hammer some sense into the council regime!” Another reader added: “ULEZ zoned cities are a joke! “You travel further and pollute more avoiding the damned things!” Reader ‘Littlemick’ even warned the new daily fees may encourage many to ditch their jobs to avoid the fees. They said: “It surely can't be worth some people driving to work. “I can see the unemployment benefit claims increasing due to this tax. “I mean if you deduct the tax, insurance and fuel costs, now also driving costs as well as servicing and maintenance costs, [tyres] etc. “Have you got anything over the benefits you can claim for being unemployed due to cost of travelling being higher than your income.”