Certain additional benefit payments are available to state pensioners via the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). One of these benefits is Attendance Allowance, which was created to help older people with the extra costs that come around from having a long-term disability or medical condition. In order to qualify for this support from the DWP, claimants must have a disability or condition deemed “severe” enough to be considered eligible. Currently, the payment is made up of two different rates which are awarded weekly depending on the severity of the recipient's condition. The highest amount someone can get from Attendance Allowance is £89.60 a week which means someone could lose over £358 a month if they not report changes to the DWP. Due to the nature of Attendance Allowance, claimants have an obligation to update the Government department of any changes to their circumstances. This is because any potential circumstance changes could affect how much claimants receive in financial assistance. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim If someone fails to accurately or adequately inform the DWP of these changes, they could be at risk of being taken to court. Sometimes state pensioners may be forced to pay a financial penalty if they do not update any changes to the DWP. The best way people can inform the department of any circumstance changes is by calling the Attendance Allowance helpline at 0800 731 0122. Accessible to all benefit claimants, this particular DWP helpline is open from Monday to Friday, 8am to 3:30pm.  Examples of what qualifies as a circumstance change includes if the level of help a claimant needs is updated or their condition worsens. A circumstance change can also include being away for a long period of time, such as leaving the country for more than four weeks on an extended holiday or going to prison. Furthermore, if a state pensioner’s personal details (name, address or bank details) or that of their doctor’s change, they must report them as soon as possible. Furthemore, if a state pensioner’s personal details (name, address or bank details) or that of their doctor’s change, they must report them as soon as possible. Anyone who is not a British citizen who is claiming Attendance Allowance should inform the DWP if their immigration status changes. It should be noted that if someone is accidentally paid too much in the benefit payment, they may have to pay the money back. This could happen if the state pension claimant was overpaid due to an error, did not report a change straight away or provided the wrong information. Attendance Allowance is one of the many disability benefits which the UK Government is pushing disabled people to apply for as a means of extra support. Chloe Smith, the Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, outlined why it is vital to access support from the DWP if you have a disability or health condition. Ms Smith explained: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them. “So it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.”