As the conflict in Ukraine continues, Ukrainians have been displaced with data showing as of 3.9 million refugees have left the country. Many of these have fled to neighbouring countries, but others have sought refuge across the continent in the UK - with the Government introducing schemes such as Homes for Ukraine. So far 2,700 visas have been granted under the scheme, despite it being open for more than two weeks. Homes for Ukraine sees people in the UK become sponsors, either registering interest in sponsorship or helping a Ukrainian national they know apply for a visa. Anyone who applies to sponsor a Ukrainian national without knowing one personally may be matched with people or organisations. Anyone can apply to be a sponsor, as long as they can: - offer accommodation for at least six months - if not a British citizen, have leave to remain in the UK for at least six months Read More: UK visa support for Ukrainian nationals - full list Will the person I am supporting be eligible for benefits and/or to work? For those uprooting their lives and moving to the UK, jobs and livelihoods may have been left behind. However, there is a system in place to help those with financial hardship or with specific needs. The Government says: "All those from Ukraine coming to the country under the scheme will be able to seek and take up employment." If the person you are supporting needs financial aid or help finding a job, they can speak with the local Jobcentre. The Jobcentre can point them in the direction of jobs and any available benefits they may be eligible for. These include Under the sponsorship scheme, those living with a sponsor will not need to pay rent, and meals do not need to be provided. The Government will pay an optional ‘thank you’ payment of £350 per month to people who can accommodate one or more household. These payments will continue for as long as you sponsor someone and will last for up to 12 months. You can learn more about the Homes for Ukraine scheme via the Government's website here.