Andriy Yarmolenko broke down in tears after his opening goal for West Ham against Aston Villa with Gary Lineker left amazed at his ability to "focus and play" despite Russia's war on Ukraine. Yarmolenko was given compassionate leave by West Ham recently following Russia's invasion on Ukraine.  The 32-year-old has been away from the matchday squad for the past few weeks but made his return against Villa. He was brought on for Michail Antonio in the 51st minute with the fans inside the London Stadium giving him a standing ovation. And the forward made an instant impact, scoring the opening goal of the game on the hour mark with a neat finish inside the box. The Ukraine international wheeled off to celebrate in front of the West Ham fans and held his hands aloft while looking at the sky.  He then sunk to his knees before holding his head in his hands as the tears began to fall. Yarmolenko's team-mates were in close proximity to comfort him as West Ham's stadium said on the tannoy his goal was "for West Ham and Ukraine". His goal helped West Ham on their way to an important three points as Pablo Fornals added a second a few minutes later. Jacob Ramsey scored a consolation goal for Villa late on, but there was a touching moment at the end of the game as Yarmolenko was named man of the match.   Speaking on Yarmolenko's return to action for West Ham, Lineker was left speechless at how the winger was able to perform with what is going on in his homeland. "A win for @WestHam and a goal for Andriy Yarmolenko," he tweeted. "How he manages to focus and play, let alone come on and score is beyond me. "Ukrainians are incredible."  It's Yarmolenko's first Premier League goal for West Ham since July 2020 with the Hammers keeping tabs with those in and around them. David Moyes' side are still within touching distance of the top four after Manchester United beat Tottenham on Saturday. But West Ham's attention now turns to the second leg of their Europa League round of 16 tie against Sevilla next Thursday. 