If a medicine is found to increase that risk, the manufacturer in question normally withdraws that medication from sale. If a medicine is found to increase that risk the manufacturer in question normally withdraws that medication from sale. This is what has happened in the case of Pfizer and Acurretic. It’s not the first time Pfizer has had to recall a blood pressure medication in 2022. READ MORE: Dementia: The drink that could cause the brain to shrink and reduce me  Just three days before the latest announcement, the company had to pull another drug, Inderal, on similar grounds. The reason for the recalls was down to the presence of a group of chemicals known as Nitrosamines. In low levels Nitrosamines are harmless, they’re found in some foods, drinking water, and the air. However, if they’re consumed in high quantities over a long period of time they can increase someone’s risk of developing cancer.  This does not mean that breathing normal air will increase a person’s risk of developing cancer and neither will it mean drinking tap water will either. With regard to Accuretic and Inderal, it is the case that the presence of a type of Nitrosamine is so high that it could cause a medicinal problem. Health Canada, where the recall has occurred, has said there is no immediate risk in patients continuing to take Pfizer’s medication. What it does suggest is that patients should discuss treatment alternatives with their doctor. The reason for this, says Health Canada is: “Not treating your condition may pose a greater health risk.” As to whether other products may be affected the health provider added: “As this work progresses, additional products may be identified and recalled as appropriate.” It’s important to note that the drug company is not alone; every year various drug companies have to recall medicines. In the UK, if a person wants to report a side effect or defect of a medicine or medicinal product, they can do so through the Yellow Card Scheme. Set up in 1964, it allows patients to report problems with medicines and medical devices to the MHRA. After a review, the MHRA will then decide whether to take action. For more information on the scheme follow this link to the Yellow Card Scheme homepage.