As the UK finally basks in a mild heatwave after the disastrous bout of storms that struck in February, the warm weather is due to wrap up as the week progresses. April will stay true to itself as one of the wettest months countries in the northern hemisphere experience, as the weather appears to take a turn for the worst as of Monday night. As temperatures take a drop on Monday night, the Met Office has said fog and low clouds are due to formulate on eastern coasts, and rain is expected to travel southwards across Scotland, followed by colder, wintry showers. On Tuesday, WXCharts predicts light snow to fall on areas in northeast Scotland before moving across to the southwest of Scotland as the day draws on. By Tuesday night, heavier snow of up to 1cm is expected to fall on most of mainland Scotland before sweeping across the north of England on Wednesday.  Over the past few weeks, the UK has experienced temperature highs of up to 20C, as some areas in the southwest were termed “hotter than Madrid”. However, these high temperatures are soon due to halve during the daytime and drop below freezing overnight, the Met Office has said. On Monday evening, colder temperatures are expected to push into the north of the UK before travelling south, bringing with it more unsettled, cloudier, foggier weather. Snow is predicted to sweep the nation this week, but when will this take place and where?  READ MORE: Cold Weather Payments could be raised to £500 as energy bills rise  The wintery weather is due to bring with it a drop in temperature by around 10C - with the mercury plunging to around 8C before dropping to minus temperatures. The frosty conditions will sink south over Wednesday and Thursday, as parts of central England and north Wales are expected to be the worst hit. Temperatures will drop lower than freezing, averaging around -4C, with WXCharts predicting up to four inches of snow to settle across these areas. Cold winds will follow before the snow and rain clear late on Thursday.  DON'T MISS: BBC Weather: Brits brace for 'big change' with sub-zero windchill [ANALYSIS] UK snow: Arctic cold snap to bring 9cm of snow [INSIGHT]Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less [EXPLAINED]    However, wintry conditions are expected to remain in the north and east on Friday, as high pressure from the west will bring heavier showers and winds. Elsewhere, areas are likely to be dry with widespread frost by night. The Met Office said the high pressure from the west is likely to decline over the weekend, with the possibility of rainy spells of rain pushing southeast across the country by Sunday. Snowfall is expected to end on Sunday across the UK, as milder temperatures interspersed with colder, showery interludes will follow at the start of next week. 