Joe Biden has declared that sanctions issued by the US, UK and European Union against Russia have left Vladimir Putin "crippled." The tough economic sanctions were imposed by western nations after the Kremlin ordered the invasion of Ukraine on February 24. Mr Biden told a news conference at the White House on Tuesday: "We are enforcing the most significant package of economic sanctions in history, and it's causing significant damage to Russia's economy. "It has caused the Russian economy to frankly crater, the Russian Ruble is now down by 50 percent since Putin announced his war. "One Ruble is now worth less than one American penny, and preventing Russia central bank from propping up the ruble and to keep its value up. They're not able to do that. "We cut Russia's largest banks from the international financial system and has crippled their ability to do business with the rest of the world. In addition, we're choking off Russia's access to technology like semiconductors and sap its economic strength and weaken its military for years to come." JUST IN: 'Shut up!' Andrew Marr slapped down during live report from Ukraine war  "Major Companies are pulling out of Russia entirely, without even being asked not by us over the weekend, Visa, MasterCard, American Express," continued the US President. "They all suspended their services in Russia, all of them joining a growing list of American and global companies from Ford to Nike to Apple. "They've suspended their operations in Russia. The US stock exchange has halted trading of many Russian securities. "The private sector is united against Russia's vicious war of choice." DON'T MISS: Dementia: The troubling toilet sign that could precede brain decline [REVEALED] Prince William's anger after leaked photo: 'Worried for Kate' [LATEST] Putin TRAP exposed: Russian olive branch to Ukraine [REPORT] Mr Biden continued: "The US Department of Justice has assembled a dedicated Task Force to go after Russian coup the crimes of Russian oligarchs, and we're joining with our European allies to find his sees their yachts, their luxury apartments, their private jets and all their ill-begotten games to make sure that they share in the pain of Putin's war." On Tuesday morning, President Biden also announced a US ban on Russian oil and other energy imports. Mr Biden warned that US energy prices would rise but added that the step "will deal another powerful blow to Putin's war machine." "We're banning all imports of Russian oil and gas energy," Mr Biden told reporters at the White House. "That means Russian oil will no longer be acceptable in U.S. ports and the American people will deal another powerful blow to (Russian President Vladimir) Putin's war machine." US Senator Chris Coons said the administration was coordinating with European allies "and making sure that we've done the groundwork to understand how to effectively implement a ban on Russian energy." "We are going to see increased gas prices here in the United States. In Europe, they will see dramatic increases in prices. That's the cost of standing up for freedom and standing alongside the Ukrainian people, but it's going to cost us," Mr Coons told CNN.