After a turbulent week last week the ruble fell further on Monday, reaching as little as 137 to the dollar. Today's prices mark a decline of nearly 50 percent in the last month with the ruble having started February at 73.53 to the dollar. BBC Economics Editor Faisal Islam commented that the ruble had found "another cliff to fall off this morning". Last week saw scenes across Russia of customers queueing at banks and currency exchanges to withdraw and change money as confidence plummets in both the ruble and Russia's banking sector. The impacts have also been felt beyond Russia with the country's largest bank, Sberbank, forced to close down its European arm after the European Central Bank found it to be at risk of failure after significant deposit withdrawal by customers. Meanwhile Russian stock markets remain closed again this morning after the central bank first announced suspension last Monday. The latest blow to the ruble comes off the back of concerns over a potential US and European ban on Russian oil. In an interview with NBC on Sunday US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said: "We are now in very active discussions with our European partners about banning the import of Russian oil to our countries, while of course, at the same time, maintaining a steady global supply of oil." Japan is also reportedly part of the discussions with Russia representing its fifth biggest source of crude oil.An embargo on Russian oil exports would be a major blow to Russia's economy at a time it has already become severely isolated from global markets.So far sanctions have avoided targeting Russia's oil and gas sector with restrictions instead focused on freezing the central bank's foreign reserve assets and suspending access to financial transaction messaging system Swift in an attempt to cut Russia off from global finance.While Germany has taken the step of halting approval on the controversial Nord Stream 2 pipeline, a full ban on Russian would be the first sanction fully targeting current exports. Such a move though would have big repercussions for energy security and prices around the world though.While the ruble fell, oil prices soared on Monday morning by as much as 10 percent to $139 (£105.41).In a briefing note, analysts at ING Think commented: "The market was already factoring in supply tightness due to voluntary import curbs by some buyers and logistical issues around the Black Sea; however, any official restrictions on Russian crude could make it further challenging to balance the oil market given that Russia is one of the major crude oil suppliers to Europe and Asia."With European economies among the most dependent on Russian energy supplies the euro has also fallen in value, slipping below 1.09 dollars to the Euro. DON'T MISS: Russian authorities 'surprised' by sanctions [SPOTLIGHT] End of British petrol stations as EV revolution looms [INSIGHT]Blow to Putin as China-backed bank withdraws support [ANALYSIS] The flight to safe currencies such as the dollar has also been accompanied by a scramble for gold, traditionally seen as a safe store of value in times of turmoil.Gold prices, which have been climbing since the start of the conflict, pushed past £1,500 an ounce overnight.