Russian teams are set to be removed from FIFA 22 after the country took the deadly decision to invade Ukraine last week. The Russian national team and all of the country’s domestic sides will be taken out of the game.  “EA Sports stands in solidarity with the Ukrainian people and like so many voices across the world of football, calls for peace and an end to the invasion of Ukraine,” EA Sports said in a statement on Wednesday. “In line with our partners at FIFA and UEFA, EA Sports has initiated processes to remove the Russian national team and all Russian clubs from EA Sports FIFA products including: FIFA 22, FIFA Mobile and FIFA online. “We're also actively evaluating related changes to other areas of our game. “We will keep our communities up to date on any action taken, and thank players for their patience as we work through these updates.” Currently, Russian sides CSKA Moscow, Lokomotiv Moscow and Spartak Moscow all feature on FIFA 22, along with the Russian national side. JUST IN: Four worst refereeing decisions in the Premier League this season   But they are all set to be removed when EA Sports make changes to the database. The video game publisher has already taken the decision to remove players such as Mason Greenwood and Marc Overmars recently, but this is the first time an entire country and its clubs have been taken out. Russia launched an attack on Ukraine last Thursday as troops stormed into their neighbouring country. The invasion has intensified in recent days as Russia bombards major cities and regions. Hundreds of thousands of Ukrainian civilians have been forced to flee their homeland, with violence escalating by the hour. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message   And the attacks have been condemned across the world, with western governments imposing strict sanctions on Russia following their actions. Russia’s invasion has already impacted the country’s sporting teams this week. Russia have been kicked-out of World Cup qualification by FIFA, while Spartak Moscow have been banned from the Europa League. But Russia’s football captain Artem Dzyuba has said that politics and sport should not mix.  “I am against any war,” the Zenit St Petersburg forward said on Instagram. “War is a frightful thing. “But I am also against human aggression and hatred, which is gaining some sort of devastating scale every day. “I am not afraid that I am Russian. I'm proud to be Russian. And I don't understand why athletes have to suffer now. I am against double standards. “Why is it that one can do everything, and they hang all dogs on us? “Why has everyone shouted about sports staying outside of politics but, at the first opportunity, when it comes to Russia, this principle is completely forgotten?” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 