Renée Zellweger, 52, has spoken up about an incident in which a producer allegedly once offered her wine in a bid to get her to remove her clothes for a nude scene. The star explained this happened on a film she took part in as a younger woman in Hollywood. Renée said the incident happened in the early days of her career. The star neglected to include the name of the producer in question. She explained other experiences of sexism at work, too. Renée said: “There have been times I have been in, you know, on set where a producer’s ready for me to go ahead and take my clothes off.” READ MORE:Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' In this instance, the producer said to her: “Here, drink this wine, ‘cause then you’ll do it.” She sarcastically remarked that she didn’t want the wine but a phone instead as she had a “phone call to make". The star added to Harper's Bazaar for its April cover story: “And, you know, I’m not gonna take that wine, but I would like a phone. “Cause I have a phone call I need to make right now.” Speaking about further instances of sexism, she said that in her first credited film role from 1994, Reality Bites, producers referred to her character, Tami, as 'Tami Bimbo' behind her back. The journalist wrote that Renée confirmed that she had never been the victim of workplace abuse, despite the uncomfortable situations she has been in. Renée’s next role is in NBC’s new limited series The Thing About Pam. She plays real-life convicted killer Pam Hupp. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal [INSIGHT]Ricky Gervais battles woke cancel culture with controversial new show [ANALYSIS]Britney Spears thinking about getting 'a boob job' after weight loss [UPDATE] The star looks nearly unrecognisable behind prosthetics and padding. She previously explained that the decision to use a costume instead of gaining weight for the role was made because she was playing a real person and not a character. Fans didn’t immediately recognise the star in the role due to her drastic transformation in preview photos. Renée’s last part before this was the eponymous role in 2019 biographical drama Judy, which follows the plot of Hollywood legend Judy Garland's life. She gave an interview with New York Magazine at the time, and explained that she slipped into a depression during filming. “I wasn’t healthy,” Renée said. “I wasn’t taking care of myself. I was the last thing on my list of priorities. “[My therapist] recognised that I spent 99 percent of my life as the public persona and just a microscopic crumb of a fraction in my real life,” she recalled.