Chelsea players have reportedly offered to pay for a private jet to fly the Blues squad to their FA Cup clash with Middlesbrough. Thomas Tuchel’s men travel to the Riverside Stadium for the quarter-final tie against the Championship side on Saturday. But they will be forced to take a 10-hour coach ride, with the sanctions that have hit the club in the last week severely restricting the travel plans they can make. The government have capped spending on travel to away games to £20,000 per match as part of the special licence Chelsea have been granted to finish the season. That will not be enough for Tuchel’s men to fly north to Teesside, as they also have to travel to France to face Lille in the Champions League on Wednesday. Instead, the Blues will be taking a coach, in what will be a harsh awakening to their superstar-filled squad. There is another option for Chelsea though, with the players themselves able to pay for travel if they so desire. And it appears that two Blues star will take up that option and have offered to stump up the cost of a private plane to Middlesbrough. READ MORE: Barcelona hoping Chelsea make 'gesture' to help seal Azpilicueta move According to Mundo Deportivo, Kai Havertz and Cesar Azpilicueta have both made offers to pay for the jet, with Chelsea unable to afford it. It is not yet known if that offer will be taken up, though it is stated that ‘work is being done’ to find a solution before Friday, when the squad will travel north. Though that work is taking place ‘everything indicates’ that the players themselves will indeed be forced to pay for a plane if that is the method of transport they insist on using. The offers from Havertz and Azpilicueta come as Chelsea have seen a request to play the FA Cup clash behind closed doors rejected. DON'T MISS: Middlesbrough chairman rips into Chelsea after FA Cup request (NEWS)Chelsea slammed by UK Government in brutal Abramovich shutdown (INSIGHT)Chelsea to be denied Kovacic repeat, Palace and Southampton dealt blow (TRANSFERS) The Blues had made the request after claiming their inability to sell tickets to their fans for the game left the integrity of the tie in doubt. But that view was flatly rejected by both the FA and Middlesbrough, with the Premier League side ultimately backing down. “After constructive talks between the FA and Chelsea, the club has agreed to remove their request for the Emirates FA Cup quarter-final tie against Middlesbrough to be played behind closed doors. The FA remains in ongoing discussions with Chelsea, the Premier League and the government to find a solution that would enable both Chelsea fans to attend games and away fans to attend Stamford Bridge, whilst ensuring sanctions are respected,” the FA said in a statement.