While Western powers are struggling to impose effective measures without also putting their own security at risk, Tory MP and former Foreign Secretary William Hague believes Russia’s most powerful ally holds the key to bringing peace to Europe. Despite signs that President Xi’s support for Putin was faltering, China’s foreign minister Wang Yi assured the world that the friendship between the two nations was “rock-solid” at an annual press briefing. China has so far refused to condemn the invasion or impose sanctions but has said they will send humanitarian aid to Ukraine. The government in Beijing has said it would play “a constructive role in calling for negotiations” but has not yet made any solid commitment to doing so, according to the Daily Mail. Mr Hague wrote: “Since China is opposed to sanctions and will not force meaningful negotiations, her policy in the face of the destruction of an entire nation is to do nothing. “A country that is a permanent member of the Security Council and aspires to global leadership is reduced to pathetic abstentions at the UN while uttering empty platitudes.  “Such inertia is, of course, a tragedy for our common humanity. “Crucially, however, it is a mistake from the point of view of China’s national interest. “The implications of this war are already turning out differently from anything Putin will have described to Xi, and some of them are beginning to outweigh the geopolitical calculation made only a month ago.”  READ MORE: ‘Excuses!’ SNP blasted and accused of ‘surrender’ over possible Having seen the “global revulsion” at Russia’s actions and contending with the possible “sticky end” of Putin’s leadership, Xi may be considering whether backing Russia is the best thing for China. Mr Hague goes on: “A long war is going to rejuvenate the West, strengthen Taiwan and cause Russia to implode. “China’s interests lie in shortening it dramatically.  DON'T MISS:'Hero' Scottish gardeners rescue trapped students from Ukrainian city [REVEAL]UK facing ‘economic collapse’ after imposing crippling Russian sanctio [LATEST]GB News: Plans to reintroduce fracking only ‘plays into Putin’, climat [ENERGY] “The entire world would thank Xi for using the unique leverage he possesses over Putin to call a peace conference and require his presence. “It’s bad enough to agree a pact with a violent criminal. “But it’s worse to do nothing to control him.” A fourth round of peace talks between Ukraine and Russia is expected to commence soon in Belarus. 