Jean Langan was walking in the car park at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth when the helicopter landed on a helipad. Mrs Langan was "blown over" by the coastguard helicopter's rotor blades as it landed with a casualty. The Maritime and Coastguard Agency confirmed the helicopter was flying a patient in for treatment to Derriford Hospital at the time of the tragic event.  The 87-year-old grandmother tragically died after the incident. Her family paid tribute to her yesterday. They said she was a "loving" person. Jean's niece Gael spoke to The Sun and said that her aunt was "blown off her feet" by the helicopter. READ MORE: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected  Gael was walking with her grandmother in the car park nearby the helipad. She was taking her aunt to a hospital appointment when the tragedy struck. The downdraft from the helicopter caused them both to be blown to the ground. Jean's grieving niece said she was with her "before, during and after" the horror ordeal yesterday. Gael wasn't severely injured, and "just has various aches and pains". Jean's family said the grandmother will be "fondly remembered". DON'T MISS:Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION]Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL]People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT]  They added that she will leave a "large hole" in their lives. Gael and Jean lived together for over a decade. Gael said: "Despite her age, Jean was very physically active, she would walk for miles, she liked to keep busy. "She was a loving mother of one son and four grandchildren, whom she cherished. "She had many nieces and nephews and she had a very generous nature. "Jean lived with me and had done so for the past 10 years or more, she loved seeing my children and grandchildren when they visited, it gave her great pleasure to interact with the little ones. "She will leave a large hole in our family and will be very sadly missed and fondly remembered." A Department for Transport spokesperson said: "Our deepest sympathies go out to those affected by the incident at Derriford Hospital. "It would be inappropriate to comment while the incident is investigated by Devon and Cornwall Police and the Air Accidents Investigation Branch." A spokeswoman for the Maritime and Coastguard Agency said a HM Coastguard helicopter was flying a patient to Derriford Hospital and "as it landed, there was an incident which is now being investigated by the police and Air Accidents Investigation Branch." 