The late Princess of Wales’ former chef, Darren McGrady, took to Twitter to express his thoughts on the announcement of the Jamaican Prime Minister, who told Prince William and Kate Middleton the Commonwealth nation plans to seek independence. In a stinging remark, he wrote on Twitter that Prince Charles "doesn't need to worry" about the Commonwealth. He said: "Prince Charles doesn’t need to worry about the Commonwealth when he becomes king. "There won’t be one!" On Wednesday, Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness told Prince William and Kate that the Commonwealth intends to be fully independent of the UK and the Monarchy. The surprise announcement comes as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visit Jamaica as part of their royal tour of the Caribbean and Central America. In the short term, Mr Holness said that it is the intention that Jamaica will follow the example of Barbados which severed ties with the crown last year and become a republic. He said: "We are moving on. We intend to...fulfil our true ambitions and destiny as an independent, developed, prosperous country." The royal visit has been mired in controversy with protests and demands for repatriations for slavery. The Duke has also weighed into the controversy around slavery condemning it in a speech on Wednesday. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'so fragile' as security claims caused 'hurt' There has also been a suggestion from some commentators that some Jamaicans are concerned about racism in the Royal Family following controversial accusations made by Meghan Markle last year. However many Jamaicans were surprised by the Prime Minister's announcement. Carla Gullota, director of Stand Up for Jamaica, a nonprofit human rights organisation that recently published a letter demanding an apology and reparations from Britain said it was a "step forward". She said: "I did not know that the prime minister was going to say what he said today. I think it is a very important step forward. DON'T MISS:  Meghan Markle fans rejoice at video of Kate seemingly being snubbed [REVEAL] Royal Family: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan mocked over Oscars claim [SPOTLIGHT] "This visit has brought back to light that many Jamaicans are looking forward to Jamaica becoming a fully independent republic."