Mr Zelensky's request to fast track EU membership was a reaction to growing sympathy within the bloc to his nation's struggle. Russian troops are rounding on capital city Kyiv several days later than Vladimir Putin likely intended, as local resistance scuppers his plans. Foreign assistance may take quite some time to prove as effective as they hinge on a series of diplomatic processes. Speaking to the European Parliament on Tuesday, President Zelensky told legislators it was not "time to be neutral" with Russia. His emotive speech won over MEPs as he pleaded with the union to fast track Ukraine's application and "prove you are with us". European Commission president Ursula von der Leyen provided unequivocal backing, stating Ukrainians were "one of us". Eastern European nations that have called on rapid action from the union include Poland, the Czech Republic, Bulgaria, Slovakia, Greece and Slovenia. READ MORE: Walls close in on Putin as Royal Marines join NATO But the road to accessing the union is long and arduous and asks a lot of both the EU and Ukraine. The first issue on the table is an internal one, as the EU faces calls to get its house in order. Before expanding its borders to one of the five nations vying for membership - Albania, the Republic of North Macedonia, Montenegro, Serbia and Turkey - it needs to settle issues in Hungary and Poland. Leaders Viktor Orban and Andrzej Duda have used their respective governments to roll back democratic accountability, much to the EU's distaste. At the same time, EU diplomats are yet to devise a united foreign policy. If the Council of the European Union can put these issues aside, it will provide an opinion on Ukraine's membership. The council needs up to 18 months to conclude whether or not it should welcome Ukraine, which has a host of its own internal issues to correct. If accepted, the country will have to adapt EU laws to a precarious landscape. According to the Transparency International Corruption Perceptions Index, as of 2021, it had a corruption perception score of 32. The score was only three points ahead of Russia, on 29. The next opportunity EU members will have to discuss Ukraine's membership is during the Tripartite Social Summit on March 23. President Zelensky likely faces more of the same from council representatives then, meaning more promises with little action. And it could come too late, as Mr Putin is intensifying the violence perpetrated by his regime. While morale in Ukraine is holding, the situation is growing increasingly dire. Russia has started targeting the country's largest cities, catching civilian populations in devastating missile strikes. So far, 2,000 Ukrainians have died, and a further 874,026 have fled into the open arms of neighbouring nations.