The UK has announced tough sanctions on Moscow as punishment for invading Ukraine but loopholes could continue to allow oil and gas from Russia to be imported. Economic measures imposed last week ban Russian-owned and operated ships from docking in UK ports. However, it is thought ships from third countries that are carrying Russian gas consignments will continue to be allowed to arrive unimpeded. The UK's reliance on Russian gas has doubled in just four years according to figures from the Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy. In 2018, 15.6 million megawatt-hours’ worth of liquefied natural gas were imported. Last year that figure had surged to 33.7 million megawatt-hours. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG Prime Minister Boris Johnson has repeatedly accused countries on the continent of being too dependent on Russian oil and gas, going so far as to describe it as an "addiction". He has said the UK relies on just three percent of Russian imports while European states use the source for a far larger share of energy supplies. "We must collectively cease the dependence on Russian oil and gas that for too long has given Putin his grip on western politics," Mr Johnson told MPs in the Commons last week. "I think the key thing is to get people first of all to recognise the scale of that dependency, as in any addiction. "That's what we're doing and UK Government has been making that point the whole time to our friends because it's got worse since 2014. "But what we're also doing is helping countries for instance, in the Baltic states." DON'T MISS:Zelensky issues war cry as he orders Putin’s ‘confused’ army go home [UPDATE]Russian billionaire's $600m superyacht seized by Germany [INSIGHT]UK port workers vow to not touch tankers with Russia [REACTION] Simon Cran-McGreehin, head of analysis at the Energy & Climate Intelligence Unit, told The Times: "Although not at the same level of some other European countries, the UK has been spending billions of pounds on Russian gas that could now be being used to fund Putin’s war in Ukraine." After it emerged the UK is still spending billions on Russian gas, MPs are now demanding the Government take immediate action. Labour MP Darren Jones, who chairs the Commons business and energy select committee, urged the Government to move quickly to end reliance on the imports. "Ministers must urgently map our exposure to Russian energy and then set out what action will be taken to reduce that exposure to zero," he said. "We should do this in partnership with European allies and collaborate on a Europe-wide resilience package that cuts off Russian energy dependence as quickly as possible." The Government said it was in "no way dependent on Russia". Britain has been ratcheting up sanctions on Moscow on a daily basis. Mr Johnson has vowed to continue to impose increasing tough measures to cripple the Russian economy.