Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, refused to use body prosthetics in her new film so there could be "no concealing of anything". The Hollywood actress took to Instagram to share the picture from her new film as well as including her own experiences of working in such an industry from a very young age. Jamie Lee Curtis has revealed she refused to use body prosthetics to play a downtrodden character in her upcoming film Everything All At Once. In the picture Jamie posted on her Instagram, her character is wearing a tight and unflattering yellow polo neck, as she showed off her tummy. Jamie then shared a candid message along with the post about letting her belly out for the role after "sucking in my stomach since I was 11". READ MORE: Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning She captioned the post in view of her 3.9 million followers: "In the world, there is an industry — a billion-dollar, trillion-dollar industry — about hiding things. "Concealers. Body-shapers. Fillers. Procedures. Clothing. Hair accessories. Hair products. "Everything to conceal the reality of who we are. "And my instruction to everybody was: I want there to be no concealing of anything." She continued: "I've been sucking my stomach in since I was 11, when you start being conscious of boys and bodies, and the jeans are super tight. "I very specifically decided to relinquish and release every muscle I had that I used to clench to hide the reality. "That was my goal. I have never felt more free creatively and physically. I can't wait for everybody to see the BRILLIANCE of Ms.Yeoh and @kehuyquan @stephaniehsuofficial @martialclubofficial @andyle_official @dunkwun." Many social media users took to the posts comments to praise the actress for her body positive message. DON'T MISS... Bobbie Nelson dead: Willie Nelson's sister and bandmate dies aged 91 [DEATH] Holly Willoughby flashes leg in dress with thigh-high split at party [PICTURES] Piers Morgan rages as Prince Harry swerves Prince Philip's service [OPINION] Cbpatock said: "I just love you! You can portray anyone! Best actress." Vanilla_gorilla_1175 added: "Jamie I swear you have got to be one of the sweetest, most down to earth people out there. "Always showing immense love and respect to those around you. It's refreshing." Wearejustwords commented: "I cannot wait! Even dressed like this you still manage to be a goddess. You're brilliant." One of the directors of the film, Daniel Kwan, told Entertainment Weekly that Jamie was not wearing a prosthetic stomach for the role. He said: "Everyone assumes that her belly in the movie is a prosthetic, but it's actually her real belly. She was grateful that she was allowed to just let it out." Jamie has been in the Hollywood business since birth, being the child of Tony Curtis and Janet Leigh. She is married to Christopher Guest with whom she adopted two children, Annie and Ruby.