CBS’ long-running procedural drama NCIS returned to screens with yet another tense episode but this time there was a new member of the team. After impressing viewers with her investigative skills, fans called for Kayla Vance (played by Naomi Grace) to become a permanent member of the NCIS team.  The latest episode of NCIS titled ’First steps,’ introduced Director Vance’s (Rocky Carroll) highly skilled daughter Kayla to the team. She had just finished her training and was temporarily joining the squad as a special agent for the day. As a newbie, Vance asked agent Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) to essentially babysit his daughter as she took on a seemingly easy case, he provided. Thinking it would keep them out of harm's way, Vance assigned them the unsolved case of Dr Tom Masuda’s death which proved to be the opposite of easy. READ MORE: Holly Willoughby in tears watching young Ukrainian girl singing According to the doctor, Dr Tom Masuda, was a military doctor who seemingly died from a heart attack, however, Kayla wasn't having it. The newcomer took matters into her own hands and decided to retrace Masuda’s steps before discovering he was in fact poisoned. The victim had also received a number of voice messages from the bar owner, Smithy. While Torres and Knight (Katrina Law) entered the bar to investigate the establishment they asked Kayla to say put but she didn’t.  It was later discovered one of Masuda’s psych patients was responsible for injecting him, when the team spotted the patient he grabbed Kayla and took her hostage. After finding her ID he called Vance and threatened to kill his daughter if he didn't agree to a prisoner swap, so the director just went along with it, to get his daughter back. When the team found Rodriguez they were able to retrieve Kayla and praised her for showing tremendous courage under pressure. Viewers were also impressed by Kayla and the way she followed her instincts, so they took to Twitter and demanded to see more of her on upcoming episodes. DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods' Eddie star left 'in tears' for new project [INSIGHT]NCIS LA: Deeks and Kensi adopt abandoned child? [THEORY]NCIS LA: fans stunned as dreaded deep fake returns for Callen [INSIGHT] @TeresaAustene wrote: “Honestly she doesn’t look old enough to be out of high school, but she did a great job.” @yoccmyaj added: “Please tell me we have another #NCIS on the way with Kayla's reassignment! @AdLibs4Hire tweeted: “Good episode, predictable, but nicely executed. Hope Kayla gets some good props, so she’ll become a regular.” @Antoine48775572 shared: “I want Kayla to stay with the team but I understand why she can't.”  @Sapphire_28 agreed: “Hope this isn't the last we see of Kayla as an agent.” @JBraxt29 commented: “She may not be joining the team, but Agent Kayla Vance is always welcome at #NCIS HQ.” Although it’s yet to be seen if viewers will see more of Kayla, fans will have to stay tuned for the upcoming episodes. NCIS season 19 continues Monday, February 28 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date has yet to be confirmed. 