Manchester United captain Harry Maguire should not put up with criticism from the club's former players and should "tell them where to go". That is according to Arsenal legend Martin Keown, who says the comments made about Maguire of late have been disrespectful. The England defender has taken plenty of flak for his performances in a United shirt this season. Former Red Devils midfielders Roy Keane and Paul Scholes are two notable figures to have hit out at the 28-year-old. Keane has previously mocked Maguire with an impression live on Sky Sports and also claimed he has spoken "rubbish" after defeats. Scholes last week said he cannot understand why Maguire continues to play for his old club because everything he does is "an absolute disaster". But Keown claims Maguire should "toughen up" and hit back at the likes of Keane and Scholes. Speaking on talkSPORT, Keown said: “I’m not really comfortable with the amount of criticism that he gets and if I was in his camp, or he was my lad, I’d be asking him to toughen up and tell a number of these former players where to go really. READ MORE: Chelsea handed major Real Madrid boost just minutes after Champions League draw  “I feel that the criticism that’s come his way has affected him. There’s no doubt that in that midweek game in the Champions League he didn’t seem like the same player, particularly in possession. “There’s a weakness when people are running at him and there’s a feeling in the stadium that Manchester United fans don’t really want him there. It’s difficult for him.” Keown was a centre-back himself and he was asked how he would deal with the criticism that Maguire has received. Keown said: “It’s a big ask. “It’s a tough thing for anyone to deal with, but he’s got to stay strong. Is it respectful if you’re part of his family and you have to listen to that? DON'T MISSMan Utd 'very hot' on signing £63m-rated star who is Ralf Rangnick favourite [RUMOUR]Klopp's 'proud' message to Rashford as Liverpool 'eye' move for Man Utd star [GOSSIP]Ian Wright in foul-mouthed Marcus Rashford rant after Man Utd star's statement [SOCIAL]  "I’m talking about his reaction to that criticism and it’s a human reaction. I feel like it’s a little bit disrespectful. “People who have had extremely good careers are lambasting him, taking his career apart and he’s taking it to heart. I just feel like the formation should change to protect him, actually. "People will ask ‘why should you do that?’ and you see United are leaking goals for fun and they should play in a three. If he doesn’t have a midfield in front that wants to protect, he’s in trouble. He gets isolated far too much. “I’m saying how I would deal with it. If I was hearing this amount of criticism then I’d tell them where to go.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here