The birthday event was held belatedly, a month after Mary reached the milestone, after it was cancelled due to rising coronavirus cases in Denmark. It was a particularly poignant celebration for The Crown Princess as it was hosted by those connected with her charity, The Mary Foundation.  Mary Foundation director Helle Østergaard told guests that the celebration was to thank The Crown Princess for her “burning desire” to “make a difference”. She said: “Thank you to the Crown Princess for the great commitment, the thoroughness, the professionalism, the eternal presence and not least the burning desire to make a difference. “That is what makes the difference for our work and for the people we are put in the world to make a positive difference for.” The Crown Princess also took to the stage to thank guests for coming to the event.  The Mary Foundation is the organisation through which much of The Crown Princesses work is conducted. Creating the foundation in 2007, The Crown Princess initially funded the project with money gifted to her and Crown Prince Frederik for their 2004 wedding by the people of Denmark, Greenland and the Faroe Islands. The foundation has three core areas of focus including bullying and wellbeing, loneliness and domestic violence. The heir apparent to the throne acts as the chair of the foundation. READ MORE:Harry's legal team criticised over 'irrelevant evidence' in court Australian born Mary marked her 50th birthday on February 5 with a wide variety of different festivities across her adopted Danish homeland. To mark the occasion, The Mary Foundation donated $50,000 to an Australian charity campaigning against childhood bullying. The Alannah & Madeline Foundation received the donation, in order to support its work in tackling bullying among children in Australia. The money was a gesture of thanks from the Crown Princess after she was inspired by the foundation to create her own anti-bullying program in Denmark. DON'T MISS: Fergie branded 'disaster of a royal' as she is to be left out of Crown [REVEAL] Dr Shola rages at Prince William in Jamaica ‘people don’t understand' [INSIGHT] Queen urged to axe Prince Harry role as monarch faces 'unthinkable' [SPOTLIGHT]  The Australian charity's Better Buddies initiative provided inspiration for The Mary Foundation's Free of Bullying initiative. It began in 2005 and has now been implemented in more than half of all Denmark's childcare facilities and in nearly half of all after-school groups and schools. 