Fresh flowers can last anywhere between seven to 10 days if they are looked after properly. However, experts at Funky Pigeon have shared top tips on making sure they last even longer, including using lemonade. They explained: “There have probably been several occasions that the little pack of food taped to a bouquet has been dismissed and thrown away as an unnecessary extra, however that flower food has been formulated with essentials to help your flowers thrive. “Flower food contains three ingredients: citric acid, sugar and bleach.” Citric acid helps to lower the water’s PH level while sugar helps the flowers thrive. Bleach fights off any bacteria in the flower food, which prevents the arrangement from wilting early. READ MORE: Pruning: How to prune hydrangeas to produce ‘more floriferous’ shrub The experts said: “Of course flower food should be the go to choice for conditioning the water the flowers are in, but as it is recommended that the water is changed regularly, you probably won’t have spare. “A concoction of sugary soda and a bit of bleach will help mimic the contents of flower food. “The soda provides the sugar needed to feed the flowers and the bleach keeps the water free from harmful microbes and bacteria. “Use clear soda such as non-diet lemonade, which should also contain citric acid too.” DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share 80p ‘trick’ to unblock drains - ‘crazy cheap’ [COMMENT]Monty Don: ‘Perfect’ time to plant early salad leaves including rocket [EXPERT]Laundry expert shares items which should never be put in the machine [INSIGHT] This can be done by mixing one part lemonade with three parts water. Funky Pigeon experts added: “Then add a few drops of bleach. Take precautions not to use too much bleach as it might discolour the flowers’ stems.” For those wanting to make their bouquets last, it is recommended the water is changed every couple of days. The experts said: “This is because as flowers start to die they release a gas called Ethylene, this is the same gas bananas produce that cause them to ripen fruit around them. “This gas causes the flowers to age faster causing their lifespan to be shorter. “By regularly changing the water and removing any flowers that look past their peak you will avoid the rest of your bouquet reaching the same fate as fast. “It is better to hold the flowers and drain all the water and replace, rather than just top up.” GardenBuildingsDirect.co.uk also shared other methods to keep fresh flowers alive for longer, including using a 2p coin. The gardening experts said: “No fancy food or expensive preservatives are required.” Using a 2p coin can help such as tulips last longer. It works by placing the coin at the bottom of the vase before adding the flowers in. The experts said: “Unknown to many, they contain natural antimicrobial properties, which prevent bacteria’s growth, which cases blossoms like tulips to dry up and wilt.”