Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has confirmed his transfer priority for this summer's window. Arsenal are in a strong position to push hard for Champions League qualification this season. But Arteta knows he must continue to add quality to his squad. Arsenal have not qualified for Europe's elite club competition since 2016. They have had two back-to-back eighth-placed finishes under Arteta's stewardship. Only a disastrous end to the season would see the Gunners finish eighth or lower this term. Arsenal have fielded the 18 youngest starting XIs on average in the Premier League this season. JUST IN: Man Utd ‘have Ralf Rangnick consultancy doubts’ as Erik ten Hag advantage emerges  Arteta has an abundance of younger players who he can build his squad around for years to come. But with still a large gap to leaders Manchester City, Arteta knows he must continue to strengthen in the transfer market. “Now is the moment we have to raise the quality," the Spaniard said. And he admitted signing a goalscoring striker will be his No 1 aim this summer. DON'T MISSLiverpool boss Klopp may have given away who he wants to sign if Mane or Salah leave [QUOTES]Chelsea could look at £83.5m defender if Muhsin Bayrak buys club from Roman Abramovich [TRANSFERS]Pep Guardiola names 'unstoppable' Man Utd player who Man City must 'control' to win derby [QUOTES]  He added: "We need one who puts the ball in the net, that's priority number one. "Any successful team needs enough goal threat in the squad." Arsenal's top scorer this season is Emile Smith Rowe with 10 goals in all competitions. Alexandre Lacazette has scored just three times in the Premier League this campaign.  The Frenchman looks set to leave at the end of the season, with his contract coming to an end. Eddie Nketiah, who is yet to score in the league this term, also sees his deal expiring in June. Arteta allowed Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to leave the club in January following the pair's much-publicised falling out. Arsenal attempted to replace Aubameyang in the winter window but top target Dusan Vlahovic instead chose to join Juventus. Real Sociedad's Alexander Isak and Everton's Dominic Calvert-Lewin are two alternative targets.  However, Isak has scored just four La Liga goals all season and Calvert-Lewin has spent large spells on the sidelines through injury. Arsenal take on Watford at Vicarage Road on Sunday as they look to press home their push for the top four. Despite having three games in hand on Manchester United, Arteta is not getting carried away. Asked if his side are favourites for fourth spot, he said: "I don't know, I think it's positive because we want to be playing and the reality is that we are not fourth, we are sixth still and if we win those games - and we have to win those games - we know what we have to do to get there. "It is a long way to go, to focus and the only aim is to win against Watford." 