Glamorous Salma Hayek dazzled in a pink Gucci gown paired with delicate lace mesh opera gloves at the SAG Awards this week, but she had the shock of her life when they got caught on fellow star Fran Drescher's outfit, in a video she shared on Instagram today. Watching on tenterhooks as a masked-up aide frantically tried to detach her glove from Fran's crystal dress, Salma was left open-mouthed. Fortunately, the wardrobe malfunction was averted after the glove was successfully unhooked - and the entire mishap was captured on camera and posted on Salma's Instagram feed. All the while, fellow actress Fran was chatting away animatedly. "I can't even believe we are videotaping this - oh my God!" she exclaimed to the camera, before turning back to Salma. "I wrote you a letter - we must have sent it to your reps," she began. READ NOW: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him "I said to you how magnificent you were in [House Of] Gucci and how fearless you were and ironically how much I love that we always randomly run into each other!" she continued. "I know," a visibly emotional Salma replied, clutching Fran's hands in hers as soon as they were freed from her dress. She posted the footage on her Instagram account after the event in view of more than 20 million followers. "My glove got stuck on the great @officialfrandrescher dress, so I got stuck in the bathroom right before I had to present the award to @michaelkeatondouglas," she confessed in her caption. She added that Michael "was also stuck in the bathroom", making for a potentially tense moment all around. He had been up for Best Male Actor In A Television Movie Or Limited Series for his role in Dopesick - but after clinching the win, he gave Selma "stage fright" by not showing up on time to claim it. After announcing his name, the star was left looking around anxiously to no avail. "Are you kidding me?" she exclaimed, before confessing: "I have stage fright. Come on, Michael. Come on, Michael.”  DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart [LATEST] ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award [DEBATE] The Chase’s Paul Sinha blasts India for reaction to Ukraine invasion [BREAKING]  Eventually, he duly made his dramatic entrance, running onto the stage without so much as scaling the stairs. "Sorry, quick trip to the men's room," he apologised, admitting: "It is packed, by the way.” He then dedicated his Dopesick award to his young nephew, who had battled addiction and sadly died at the age of 34. Meanwhile, 55-year-old Salma, who stunned in her floor-length satin Gucci gown, was there on behalf of her movie House Of Gucci, which was also nominated for an award. Salma played Pina Auriemma in the highly controversial crime drama, which was released in the UK last November. She posted some photos to Instagram of herself in her award ceremony outfit, which oozed glamour, using the hashtag #aboutlastnight. The actress also posed with her co-star Lady Gaga at the event, while fans on Instagram praised the pair, saying: "You look so beautiful!"