Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has been keen to play down the club's chances of winning a historic quadruple this season with plenty more games left to play in order to achieve the unthinkable. But the club have been following a tried and tested blueprint in their recent transfer business to give themselves the best chance possible. Klopp's arrival at Anfield back in October 2015 sparked a change in atmosphere at the club with fans optimistic of bigger things ahead. The German head coach took over a club on a downward spiral after finishing sixth the season before and a broken squad having seen both Luis Suarez and Steven Gerrard leave. Astute signings were made in the ensuing transfer windows under Klopp such as Sadio Mane and Georginio Wijnaldum before Philippe Coutinho's big-money sale to Barcelona appeared to kickstart the revolution at Anfield. Virgil van Dijk, Mohamed Salah, Alisson and Fabinho helped turn Liverpool into genuine title contenders with one of the best starting XIs in world football. A Champions League trophy in 2019 was swiftly followed by the long-awaited Premier League crown a year later as the Reds swept aside Manchester City. But injuries last season highlighted the lack of depth in Liverpool's squad to sustain a title challenge. JUST IN: Man Utd transfer target Lewandowski warned his behaviour is 'annoying'  Time and time again, teams to win the Premier League have relied on their full squad and Liverpool's wasn't strong enough last year. And looking back on United's treble-winning season, it was Teddy Sheringham and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer - two players on the fringes of Sir Alex Ferguson's squad - who combined to win the Champions League final that year. Liverpool still have one of the best starting XIs in world football with only small changes made since their title-winning season in 2020. But those small changes have proven significant in what their focus has been in the transfer market. Klopp has admitted on a number of occasions that the club struggle in the transfer market due to the strength of their regular starters. The past 18 months though has seen Klopp revolutionise his squad even further with £156million spent on top-class talents able to play their part in Liverpool's trophy hunt. DON'T MISS  Thiago Alcantara and Diogo Jota arrived that summer after Liverpool's Premier League triumph and the pair have now established themselves as key members of Klopp's rotation. Jota hit the ground running with an eye for goal straight away while Thiago took time to settle with injury issues stalling his time at the club, but the midfielder has usually started when fit and his talents are obvious. More recently though has been the acquisitions of Ibrahima Konate and Luis Diaz who have transformed Liverpool's squad. Konate has already established himself as Klopp's third-choice centre-back and Liverpool are unbeaten whenever the 22-year-old has played. Diaz meanwhile has completely transformed Liverpool's attacking options into arguably the most dangerous in world football. Klopp is now spoilt for choice in the attacking areas and the full squad will be needed should Liverpool maintain their hopes of a historic quadruple. But even if Liverpool miss out on what would be an unprecedented achievement, their squad is now built to last with a clear plan to sustain a regular challenge for trophies every season.