Using banned weapons is deemed a war crime under various international laws, including the Geneva convention. The UK's Ministry of Defence (MoD) has said its Russian counterpart has declared the TOS-1A weapon system - which includes thermobaric bombs - has been used in Ukraine. The MoD tweeted: "The Russian MoD has confirmed the use of the TOS-1A weapon system in Ukraine. "The TOS-1A uses thermobaric rockets, creating incendiary and blast effects." The exact whereabouts and how many times have been used illegally is at this stage unknown. So exactly which weapons are banned under international law?  READ MORE: Putin's terrifying supersonic nuke bomber poised International law does not prohibit the use of thermobaric bombs, more commonly known as vacuum bombs, against military targets. However, they are banned against civilian populations under the United National Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons. A vacuum bomb, also called a thermobaric weapon, works by taking in oxygen to create powerful, high-temperature explosions. A thermobaric bomb produces a blast wave significantly longer than that of a conventional bomb. Vacuum bombs are fired as missiles, and when they make impact with a target the rockets spread a fuel-air cloud that detonates a fraction of a second later. The blast created by a vacuum bomb is so strong that it can vaporise the human body.  DON'T MISSEU shamed for handing millions to Russia every day [REPORT]Putin's henchmen scramble to sell homes in annexed Crimea [INSIGHT]Putin on red alert as Biden deploys terrifying missiles to Poland [REPORT] There are two types of landmines - anti-personnel and anti-vehicle. Only anti-personnel landmines are banned under the UN’s Mine Ban Convention, adopted in 1997. Video footage of Ukrainian civilians moving unexploded mines emerged early in the conflict. Elsewhere, on Wednesday, a hospital bombing in the southeastern port city of Mariupol by Russian forces killed three people, including a six-year-old child. It caused international outcry. Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov said the outcry over the “so-called atrocity” was “pathetic”. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky called the attack “the ultimate evidence of genocide”. In separate incidents, the USA has said it has seen indications that Russia is dropping “dumb bombs” – unguided munitions with no precise target – on Ukraine. Officials added the US was observing “increasing damage to civilian infrastructure and civilian casualties”. Multiple gas types are banned for use during war, including mustard gas, nerve gas, phosgene gas, and tear gas. One of the most disturbing weapons used in the Vietnam War is now banned under the UN: Napalm. Specifically, it cannot be used near civilian targets or to burn down forests. One of the lesser-known banned weapons is live creatures such as rats, fleas, locusts, and other similar animals and insects. In history, diseased ones have been used in hordes to spread deadly diseases.