President Macron said he never asked for corridors to Russia after his conversation with Vladimir Putin, but claimed this is another way the Russian President is pushing his narrative. Moscow said on Monday it would provide corridors for residents of Ukraine's two main cities to flee to Russia and Belarus. Ukraine deemed it as an immoral stunt and one that is exploiting the suffering of civilians who have been trapped without food or water under relentless bombardment by Russia. Russia's announcement of "humanitarian corridors" came after two days of failed ceasefires in the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol. The Russian army claimed the decision to create humanitarian corridors was taken after a "personal request" from President Macron. However, the French President's official residence - the Elysee Palace - has denied these claims. Elysee told French news show BFMTV: "The President of the Republic has neither requested nor obtained corridors to Russia after his conversation with Vladimir Putin. "The President of the Republic insistently asks to let the civilian populations leave and to allow the transport of the aid". The reason, they said, Putin lied about this was to create the narrative that Russia is helping the Ukrainian people. READ MORE: Russia soldier warns Putin he 'cannot win' as he exposes Moscow lies "It's another way for Putin to push his narrative and say that the Ukrainians are the aggressors and they are the ones who offer asylum to everyone." Moscow proposed six humanitarian corridors, with three routes leading to Russia. Russia's defence ministry said the corridors will be opened up in several Ukrainian cities including Kharkiv, Mariupol and Sumy. In a statement, the ministry claimed the corridors were being set up at the personal request from French President Emmanuel Macron, adding that those who wanted to leave Kyiv can be airlifted to Russia. DON'T MISS: Britons to save thousands after France scrap hated Post-Brexit rule [INSIGHT]Boris urged to 'get tough' with Macron after French election [COMMENT]Macron mocked as EU invites Truss to Russia meetings [VIDEO] However, Macron continues to deny all claims he requested the corridors during their phone call last week and slammed Russia's "hypocrisy". He told LCI television: "All this is not serious, it is moral and political cynicism, which I find intolerable". President Macron and Putin carried out talks last week over the phone to discuss the crisis. After the talk, the French President tweeted: "I spoke to President Putin this morning. He refuses to stop his attacks on Ukraine at this point. It is vital to maintain dialogue to avoid human tragedy. I will continue my efforts and contacts. We must avoid the worst". He added: "Maintaining dialogue to protect the people, obtaining measures that will avoid human tragedy, putting an end to this war: this is the purpose of my commitment alongside President Zelensky and the international community. I am and will remain fully determined." 