Mary (played by Louise Jameson) has ruffled a few feathers since she turned up in Emmerdale ready to rebuild her relationship with her daughter, Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry). The pair have struggled to find some common ground, however, they did make some progress towards the end of last week's episodes of the ITV soap as the mother of one admitted she was feeling lonely. Just as she and Rhona start to bond, Marlon (Mark Charnock) will be rushed to the hospital as he suffers a stroke whilst at home and he is found by his daughter, April Windsor (Amelia Flanagan). Mary will play a big part in the storyline but she could tell Rhona she has had an experience with a stroke before, something she has kept a secret until now. The newcomer will be fundamental in helping Rhona take care of Marlon and also helping explain what is happening to April. As Mary sits down with her daughter to talk about the impact a stroke has on someone's life, she could explain how her father went through a very similar experience. Because she hasn't had the greatest relationship with her mother, Rhona might not know Mary had to take care of her father as he recovered from a stroke. This is why she might not have been around a lot when her daughter was growing up as she needed to take on the responsibilities of a carer. It has been explained she doesn't like visiting the countryside either, hence why she has never visited Rhona until now, but the countryside is where her father could have lived when he had his stroke. READ MORE: BBC's Charlie Stayt apologises as host forced to pull interview Having just come to terms with the impact her father's stroke had on her life, Mary could have thought now would have been the perfect time to return to the countryside. However, the last thing she would have been expecting was for Marlon to suffer the same condition her own father did years ago. The actor who plays Marlon, Mark, spoke to Express.co.uk and other media about what is next for his character as he comes to terms with a new way of life. "He is going to become totally reliant on other people around him, the people who love him and he is devastated. "His life, his cooking, his life is really all about being able to use his hands - it's everything to him. His dexterity is everything." "All that's been taken away. It's just like the rug has been pulled up from under every aspect of his life," Mark continued. "He's crushed by it and he's helped by people, by Rhona, by his daughter, by Paddy [Kirk] and all the people who love him. "But it feels like an absence in his own life. I think he feels like there's a hole where he used to be and he doesn't know how to fill that hole back up with himself." The actor also spoke about how other parts of his life will be impacted, adding: "It's all down his right side. "His arm is limp, his mouth is quite badly affected and he's got this aphasia which affects his speech and being able to express himself properly." DON'T MISS...Charley Webb health: Star uses cannabis oil to treat condition [ANALYSIS]Matthew Wolfenden health: The 'big operation' Emmerdale star underwent [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Alexander Lincoln talks soap's 'intense' 11-hour days [COMMENT] Mark said: "So in the first instance he makes mistakes with words. He can see what he wants to say but he can't express it. "So, he either goes to the wrong word or he just can't say it. So, he's got all that to contend with and he's in a wheelchair, to begin with. "Because his right side is just not operational and it becomes a mountain to climb. "But it's a mountain in particular because he is such a physically expressive person and it's reducing him down to his eyes really is how he expresses himself in the first few days and weeks." Juliet Bouverie  OBE, Chief Executive at the Stroke Association, also spoke about the importance of highlighting such a condition and making people alert of the signs of a stroke. "It's been a really wonderful experience working with the Emmerdale team," Juliet said. "We've worked really closely with both the researchers and the story writers to help kind of give a really accurate and realistic portrayal of what a stroke is, what that hospital pathway looks like and how it affects the person with stroke in their family emotionally. "I think I think Emmerdale had a really good idea of what they wanted the story to be. But obviously, where we've been able to add value is really kind of bringing to life that kind of lived experience of stroke both for the survivor but also for their family. "And also the importance of that really rapid hospital pathway and I can't emphasise enough that if you or anyone you know is showing the signs and symptoms of a stroke, you really must act fast. "It could be a medical emergency. Call 999 because time is brain and for every second that is lost, essential neurons are also lost and so people need to get to the hospital and get that life-saving treatment within that magic four and a half-hour window." Asked how important it is Emmerdale is highlighting such a matter, Juliet replied: "It's really important because there's a lot of misconceptions about stroke. "I think one of the misconceptions is that people think stroke always happens to older people and actually, as we see in this storyline, stroke happens to people of working age and in fact, one in four strokes happen to people of working age. "But there's also a fatalism around stroke and I don't think the public fully understand that actually, stroke is a recovering condition. "Life after stroke might be tough. It's going to require a lot of determination and hard work and support from a whole team of people. "But actually, there is hope and there is life after stroke and people can recover. And hopefully, this storyline has just given people an understanding of the scale and impact of stroke. "It is very something that is very frightening. But there are things that the public can do to recognise stroke symptoms." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour long episode airing on Thursdays.