 According to unearthed data from the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR), pension contributions from the UK to the EU are forecast to continue until 2064, amounting to billions of pounds. These contributions were agreed in the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement, with the UK promising to pay “its fair share” of “pension rights and rights to other employment-related benefits accrued on or before December 31, 2020”. However, Professor John Clancy, a political expert with Birmingham City University’s Centre for Brexit Studies, cast doubt on whether these payments should be needed at all. Writing in a 2018 blog, Professor Clancy said: “Some would argue that the UK should be asking for a huge chunk of credit in today’s money to set against what it might then be judged to owe. “Because when it joined the EU in 1973, there is an argument that the UK paid up straight away for pensions’ liabilities which had then been ‘incurred’ by the EU, and not by the UK. “One justifiable reading of the position is that the UK took on and paid for those liabilities immediately, and it continued to pay up for them – for decades. “Shouldn’t it now also drop, and stop paying for, alleged present ‘liabilities’ as it leaves?”  READ THE FULL STORY: UK locked into paying EU pensions until 2064 under buried deal clause These pension payments will form a large chunk of the amount due to the EU over the coming years as the initial hit of the Brexit divorce bill wears off. In the latest OBR economic and fiscal outlook – published on March 23 – the watchdog only offers its “assumed annual path” of payments toward the EU financial settlement for the “forecast horizon – in this case, that’s up to 2027. These latest figures show the total pension payments due for the coming five years reduced slightly from the 2020 estimate but still show that the UK expects to pay more than £1.4million toward EU staff pensions by 2027. A spokesperson for the OBR told Express.co.uk: “These numbers are particularly uncertain and likely to be revised over time.” And a publication on the Brexit divorce bill on the Parliament.uk website states the OBR figures are “significantly higher compared to the Treasury’s forecast”. So what do YOU think? Should the UK just refuse to pay any more toward EU pensions? Vote in the poll and join the debate in the comments section below. 