Red Nose Day 2022 will take place on Friday, March 18, with the televised fundraising celebrations on BBC One from 7pm. The night of celebrations is in order to raise money to help end child poverty in the UK and across the globe. Traditionally held every other year, since 2021, the event is to be held annually. Ahead of the big day, there are plenty of opportunities to fundraise for the occasion, with the most popular way to show your support by buying and wearing a red nose. In recent years, Red Nose Day has also bulked up its merchandise offering to include t-shirts and headwear, which people can wear at fundraising events and on the big night. This year’s selection of red noses has been described as the “wildest yet”, with eight unique noses to track down. READ MORE: St Patrick's Day quiz: 30 quiz questions to test your knowledge They include an array of characters, including the “lesser-spotted rare” nose dubbed “colourful Cam the chameleon”. Other red nose characters include a hippo, giraffe, cow, sloth, bear and flamingo. Just like last year's offering, all of the noses are 100 percent plastic-free, including the packaging. Instead, they are made from a material called bagasse, which comes from sugar cane. DON'T MISSMastermind quiz questions - 15 general knowledge quiz questions [QUIZ]Happy St Patrick's Day! Six of the best traditions and key facts [EXPLAINER]Happy St Patrick's Day in Irish - Best St Patrick's Day greetings [INSIGHT] You can buy a red nose from the Comic Relief online shop for £1.50. However, when purchasing online you will not be able to choose which character you get. Instead, it will be a surprise when you receive and open your box. Schools are able to order an entire box of red noses for £20. Alternatively, you can buy a red nose from Sainsbury’s supermarkets or from Argos. Those who want to show their support in a different way can get their hands on a selection of brand new aprons, designed by a collective of 11 artists for Comic Relief and Red Nose Day 2022. The limited-edition collection also includes t-shirts, lanyards, keyrings, water bottles and wristbands. The aprons are part of a wider homeware collection, which features designs from the likes of Gok Wan, Rachel Joy and Luke Christian’s Deaf Identity. All of these items will be available at Homesense and TK Maxx, as well as Sainsbury's and Argos. If you don't fancy buying a limited edition item or red nose, you can always simply donate money to the cause. Comic Relief accepts both one-off and recurring donations. These can be made via the Comic Relief website, or by telephoning 03457 910 910.