With the war now entering its fourth week, the intensity of the conflict has been stepped up by Russian forces, in particular in the Mariupol region where the city limits remain under siege. Further to the West of Ukraine, and approaching Europe’s borders, Moscow has stepped up its attack with reports of shells falling just kilometres from the Polish border. To date, NATO has refused to become embroiled in the conflict in spite of recurring demands by Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky to impose a no-fly zone over the country.Both NATO members and allies are aware any engagement with Russian forces could result in global consequences of catastrophic scale.Taking to Twitter to announce the reinforcement of NATO presence on the Eastern front, journalist and NATO enthusiast Teri Schulz said: “NATO will double its number of deployed battlegroups, sending them to Hungary, Romania, Bulgaria and Slovakia. “Secretary-General Stoltenberg says he expects further announcements tomorrow reinforcing the alliance's eastern flank.” NATO member Estonia is now calling for the alliance to provide a permanent and more advanced presence in Eastern Europe to deter Putin’s spread West.Jonatan Vseviov, the permanent secretary of the Estonian foreign ministry, said Europe and the North Atlantic alliance could never return to the world it knew before the 24 February Russian invasion of Ukraine.He said: “We will be in a totally new security environment.“There will be a new Ukraine. There will be a new Russia. There will be a new Europe. “There is no going back to February 23.” READ MORE:Is Finland a member of NATO? Russia threatens 'serious consequences' More than 20,000 NATO troops, the overwhelming majority of them US forces, have been deployed to the Baltic states, Poland and the rest of eastern Europe in the aftermath of the invasion.Furthermore, as the conflict rages on in Ukraine, NATO forces are continuing training operations in the Arctic region under an operation name Cold Response. NATO leaders will meet in Brussels tomorrow where they will discuss the consequences of Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, as well as examine the stance of China over the war. DON'T MISS:Pakistan and India left on fence over Ukraine invasion [INTERVIEW]Jamaica seeking to remove Queen as head of state [REVEAL]Vladimir Putin could crush NHS, banking and fuel [REPORT] Speaking at a conference prior to the full meeting taking place tomorrow, Mr Stoltenberg said: “NATO Allies have responded to this crisis with strong support for Ukraine, and unprecedented costs for Russia.“There are now hundreds of thousands of Allied troops at heightened readiness across the Alliance.“One hundred thousand US troops in Europe. “And 40,000 forces under direct NATO command, mostly in the eastern part of the alliance.“All backed by major air and naval power.“Including five carrier strike groups in the High North and in the Mediterranean.”“I expect leaders will agree to strengthen NATO’s posture in all domains."With major increases to our forces in the eastern part of the Alliance.” Speaking of the actions taken by Putin, Mr Stoltenberg said: “President Putin’s invasion is brutal, and the human suffering is horrifying and painful to witness.“We are determined to do all we can to support Ukraine. “But we have a responsibility to ensure the war does not escalate beyond Ukraine and become a conflict between NATO and Russia. “This would cause even more death and even more destruction.” Speaking of China’s role, the Secretary-General said: “Beijing has joined Moscow in questioning the right of independent nations to choose their own path. “China has provided Russia with political support, including by spreading blatant lies and disinformation. “And Allies are concerned China could provide material support for the Russian invasion. “I expect leaders will call on China to live up to its responsibilities as a member of the UN Security Council, refrain from supporting Russia’s war effort and join the rest of the world in calling for an immediate, peaceful end to this war.” 