Sam Elliott’s career as one of the most iconic Western stars culminated in the latest instalment in Taylor Sheridan’s Yellowstone franchise, Y1883. The Paramount Network’s thrilling prequel to the Dutton family drama was an unflinching look at the last days of the American West, and lead actor Sam was subjected to gruelling weather conditions during his time on the Oregon Trail. Showrunner Taylor told Sam he’d "hate" him by their time in Texas and Montana for the new Yellowstone prequel, Y 1883, was over. Sam starred as the former Union soldier She Brennan in the new limited series, which wrapped up in January this year. Paramount’s sprawling Yellowstone series will continue with another prequel, 1932, but fans will never forget Shea’s travels with James (played by Tim McGraw) and Margaret Dutton (Faith Hill). Lead actor Sam is also unlikely to ever forget the experience shooting the 10-part drama. READ MORE: Alexander Vlahos age: How old is Outlander’s Allan Christie star? He recalled on the Official Yellowstone Podcast: “The one thing he promised me when we started this thing, he says, ‘You’re gonna hate me by the end of this show’. “And he was talking about the elements. He was talking about how difficult it was gonna be.” The film and TV legend previously admitted he genuinely thought he could die filming in the blistering heat in Fort Worth, and the icy cold of Montana. Sam and the cast often wore costumes which weren’t fit for the extreme weather, so staying in character was a struggle. He said: “I just remember thinking ‘What the f**k, man? Am I gonna die on this trail?' “I wondered a few times, I wondered if I was up to the physicality of this thing when I started.” Thankfully, Sam and the rest of the cast endured the weather long enough to deliver a gripping miniseries, itself a grand testament to human resilience in the face of overwhelming odds. In Y1883’s incredible finale, Shea finally managed to see the Pacific Ocean for his late wife before taking his own life with his pistol. DON'T MISS:Vikings’ Alexander Ludwig thanks fans on new film shoot [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul fans ‘rumble’ identity of season 6 mystery man [THEORY]Yellowstone’s Beth Dutton star admits backstory was hidden [INTERVIEW] His death likely ruled out Sam’s return in a potential second season, though Paramount has ordered additional episodes of the series to continue the Duttons’ journey. Although his tough time in the world of Yellowstone has come to an end, Sam is still looking back fondly on his latest Western project. He recalled: “I worked harder, probably, on other shows, or just as hard. Not for such a length of time as this. “But it’s the price to pay to be on the Oregon Trail and tell this story. That’s what we all kept focused on.” “We’re all out there suffering this stuff. It’s not just the cast; it’s the crew, everybody. The company.” Shea’s death means Sam probably won’t be reprising his role for the new episodes, but there’s a chance he could be willing to endure Montana’s unforgiving conditions just one more time for flashbacks or dream sequences. Despite Taylor’s warning, the actor didn’t regret his time working on the challenging yet rewarding Yellowstone prequel. 1883 is available to stream on the Paramount Network in the USA now. A UK release date is yet to be announced.