The royal couple arrived in Northern Ireland today, March 22, and will travel to County Tyrone, where school children are already lined up to greet their guests. Camilla and Charles will then head to Cookstown, making them the first members of the Royal Family to visit the town. Camilla and Charles are set to travel to all the UK’s four nations during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee year. This week, they are in Northern Ireland for a series of engagements that are set to take place over two days. Their Royal Highnesses will visit Superstars Café in Cookstown, which is a centre that helps train and provide employment for twenty young people with learning difficulties. The couple will even unveil a plaque marking the visit. READ MORE: 'Great product' to use daily on the toilet to prevent the build up of stains Camilla was pictured today arriving in Cookstown wearing an emerald-coloured outfit. She donned a green coat with a blue and green tartan print collar and matching sleeve cuffs. Buttons also featured along the jacket’s centre. Camilla has worn this coat many times in the past, including earlier this year in February when she visited Sheerness on the Isle of Sheppey with Prince Charles. DON'T MISS: DIY renovator creates 'bright, spacious' home using paint trick [HACK]Huge mistake people make when painting walls and how to avoid it [UPDATE]DIY savvy woman saves ‘thousands’ transforming caravan for only £140 [ANALYSIS] Today, Camilla wore the coat over a pink patterned silk blouse. The blouse seemed to be made of silk and was burgundy with a pink spotty pattern. Its neckline featured a small pussy-bow. As for accessories, Camilla had pinned a green brooch featuring three emerald stones on her left lapel. The three pear-shaped emeralds were in a shape of a shamrock, implying that Camilla is honouring Irish culture and identity. She also donned various bracelets, which she usually stacks together on her right wrist. One of these was a Van Cleef and Arpels blue and gold bracelet, which the Duchess wears often. Camilla likes wearing colours associated with nature, like blue and green, and there could be a reason for donning the latter hue, according to a fashion stylist. Samantha Harman told Express.co.uk: “In colour psychology, green signifies peace and security. “These are two things the Duchess will be wanting to convey, when we consider what’s happening with the royals lately. “As Prince Charles prepares to be king, they'll be wanting to portray the message that we are in ‘safe’ hands.” The expert added: “Green is also a colour of optimism. And, given everything that’s happening in the world right now, we want some of that.”