Barcelona and Liverpool are reportedly courting unsettled Manchester United forward Marcus Rashford amid uncertainty over his Old Trafford future. Rashford’s dire form is one of several issues currently niggling United this season, and he has lost his status as a regular starter as a result. The 24-year-old looks shot of confidence and has seemingly been leapfrogged by teenager Anthony Elanga in Ralf Rangnick's pecking order. He could receive his latest blow on Thursday, with Gareth Southgate expected to exclude him from his England squad less than 12 months before the 2022 World Cup. Rashford returned to action after shoulder surgery a couple of months into the 2021/22 season as United struggled under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. And despite recovering from an injury hampering him for years, he has failed to impress, scoring just five goals in 26 appearances. The Guardian reported that Rashford was considering his future at United due to his sudden drop in minutes earlier this month. He is said to be seriously considering asking to leave his boyhood club for a new challenge for the first time in his career. JUST IN: Man Utd 'preferred' manager candidate comes to light And according to the Manchester Evening News, the sharks are circling in the form of European heavyweights Barcelona and bitter rivals Liverpool. Also linked with Paris Saint-Germain, who are set to lose Kylian Mbappe on a free transfer in July, Rashford's phone is said to have 'not stopped ringing' since his disgruntlement came to light. Barcelona quickly contacted the England international's representatives to confirm their interest. And Liverpool have also made it clear that they are suitors, although it's improbable United would sanction the first transfer between the two clubs since Phil Chisnall's move to Anfield in 1964. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel tells reporter he's 'ruined his evening' Barcelona's interest isn't new. The La Liga giants approached Rashford in 2019 before he signed a four-year extension with United. And, unsurprisingly, they're back in the fold for his services, given Ousmane Dembele's set to leave for free this summer. However, it's understood Rashford doesn't want to leave Old Trafford and he may have opened the door for a departure to spark talks over a new long-term contract. He is out of contract at United in 2023 but there is the option of an additional year, which the club so often add to new deals. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.