The perception that Cristiano Ronaldo was “scrawny” during his first spell at Manchester United is completely false. That is according to Mick Clegg, who worked as Manchester United’s power development trainer for 11 years and helped Ronaldo hone his workout routines.    Ronaldo first joined United from Sporting Lisbon in August 2003 after Sir Alex Ferguson had been wowed by the 18-year-old’s performances for the Portuguese side. He cost around £12.2million, making him the most expensive teenager in the world at the time, and took the No7 shirt, immediately turning heads at Old Trafford. Ronaldo has since developed a reputation for his devotion to the physical side of his career. He regularly puts in hours in the gym and follows a strict diet in order to stay in the best possible shape. But back when he first joined the Premier League there was a perception of him as an underdeveloped youngster who was still lacking muscle mass. Clegg ran the United gym for 11 years and was there for Ronaldo’s entire first spell at United from 2003 to 2009, and says that is simply not the case. JUST IN: Edinson Cavani could've taken Man Utd to 'the next level' - Forlan  “I never saw a scrawny kid,” Clegg told The Independent. “That kid had a fantastic physique, a fantastic ability to move. All he needed was time. People sometimes ask for ‘Cristiano’s routine’, his chest routine or whatever, but what are they talking about? It’s five and a half years. “It was five and a half years of the hardest work I’ve ever seen from any athlete ever. “It was never scrawny, what he wanted to do was get the right amount of the strength, the power, the skill, the cognitive processes, and all these things then come together. But it’s also about confidence.” DON'T MISS Paulo Dybala has already made feelings clear on Arsenal move Tottenham and Arsenal 'to knock on Galatasaray's door' for Akturkoglu Mbappe, Dybala included - the free agent XI that would destroy teams  Ronaldo’s work off the pitch helped him develop into one of the best players the Premier League has ever seen. He helped United win three Premier League titles, the Champions League, FA Cup and two League Cups before leaving for Real Madrid in a blockbuster £80m transfer in 2009. Clegg is not surprised by his success and longevity. “You can see how it came together for him,” he said. “Some players practice something and then take it into a game, and if it doesn’t work, they'll never use it again. Cristiano practices something, then he’ll take it into training games, then take it into a game against teams at the bottom of the league, and he would hone his skills there. “He wouldn’t use it in the big games against Chelsea or whoever until he was confident with it. And he never, ever lost confidence he could make whatever he’s working on work. That’s why he got so many people shouting at him. He’s this, he’s that – no. He was working on an apprenticeship. It was about working to get perfection.” 