According to a new report from Greener Transport Solutions, car travel needs to be reduced by 25 percent by 2030 if the UK is to achieve net zero emissions. Transport is the fastest growing source of global greenhouse gas emissions and biggest polluting sector of the UK economy. The report calls for “shifting the burden away from ownership” to focus more on walking, cycling and public transport. It also found that those who earn the least experience the most negative effects of car usage. This is despite their lower levels of car ownership and usage. Greener Transport Council Member Anna Rothnie said that her vision for the UK in 2050 was for car ownership and its exclusiveness to be a thing of the past. READ MORE: What to do if someone parks in front of your driveway She questioned whether with evolving lifestyles post-Covid and the urgency and pressure of decarbonisation, people will continue to do and want the same things. She said: “Of course, going full on free from car ownership won’t be a possible option for everyone now. "But what if we started planning transport systems to enable future generations to live life free from car ownership as a default? “This is very much a world I would like to wake up and see in 2050.” DON'T MISSDrivers will have to pay £50 to park cars outside their home [SHOCKING]Motorists could earn £1,000 for installing an EV charger at home [INSIGHT]Drivers can’t stop in these common parking places without risking fine [WARNING] The report also found that transport emissions in the UK are only three percent lower than they were in 1990, given that people now drive more and in larger vehicles negating more efficient engines. The Mayor of London Sadiq Khan has pledged a 27 percent reduction in car miles by 2030, while the Scottish Government has pledged a 20 percent reduction. Research for the Green Alliance shows that a reduction in car mileage of between 20 and 27 percent by 2030 will be needed. The report also stated that electric vehicles were not a solution for all emission issues. Claire Haigh, founder and CEO of Greener Transport Solutions, said: “At a time of rising geopolitical uncertainty, insecurity of supplies, and escalating fuel and gas prices, it becomes more critical than ever to design policies in a way that avoids unintended consequences and ensures a fair and just transition to net zero. “We need a massive shift to clean technologies, but we must also reduce energy demand. “Energy demand reduction supports the three key goals of energy policy: security, affordability and sustainability. “Our climate is heating up at great speed. We have less than a decade to get on track. “We cannot rely on technological solutions alone. Traffic reduction will also play a critical role. “The central proposition is that we need a whole systems transition to net zero. “This will require a paradigm shift in how we think about decarbonising transport.” According to the Pathways to Net Zero report, the car is used for 61 percent of trips and nearly two thirds of car trips are single occupancy. The average car is also parked 96.5 percent of the time, and only used 3.5 percent of the time, with the report saying: “Our current use of roads is grossly inefficient.”