Whether you want to start incorporating exercise into your daily routine or want to reach new fitness goals this year, getting an exercise bike is a great way to work out in your own space. There are so many options available to suit a variety of needs and they provide great, intense spinning exercises that are easy-to-follow. You can choose higher end models that have real-time classes and functions like calorie counters and heart rate monitors, which can help you track your progress. Bikes are also easier on the knees and you can really increase your strength without any risk of injury. There are also simpler versions that are great for beginners and are compact enough to fit in the smallest of spaces. To help you figure out what you need, here’s a guide with all the information you should consider before buying an exercise bike. And once you’re ready, here’s a round up of the best 14 exercise bikes to pick from, to suit all spaces and people. READ MORE: 14 best treadmills for home workouts 2022: Folding, silent and under £1000 12 best folding exercise bikes for home workouts in 2022 8 of the best spin bikes to help you smash your cardio goals without leaving home There are a few types of home bikes available to buy, but three to keep in mind. The first are upright or stationary bikes which are great for beginners as they are designed for comfort. The second are indoor, spinning bikes and these bikes are more advanced with forward-leaning seats. The least common type is the recumbent cycle which are the most comfortable but require the biggest space. What is the best exercise bike to buy? The best exercise bike is the one that you’re going to use the most often. Different types of bikes suit different necessities and each brand is individual. So definitely consider what your goals are, how big your space is and what budget you have. Yes, exercise bikes are great at helping burn calories and also help to build leg strength without straining your knees. Especially when used with a high resistance, pedalling can strengthen calves, hamstrings and quads and bikes also help to work the core, back and glutes. Now that you have more information, here are the best 14 exercise bikes you can buy for your home gym in 2022.  Specifications: 7kg Flywheel | Weight: 55kg | Maximum weight: 136 kg | 32 resistance levels | Dimensions: 133, x 54 x 143 cm (H, W, D) One of the most popular exercise bikes, the Echelon Smart Connect Bike has a multitude of advanced functions and a big HD screen that allows you to follow a range of challenging workouts. Perfect for spinning lovers, it’s also got dual audio jacks to plug into which lets you play your favourite songs while you work out. Buy it from Echelon Fitness, Amazon (From £1,299) Specifications: 1.6kg Flywheel | Maximum weight: 100kg | Weight: 13.1kg | Pedal straps | Dimensions: 115 x 42.5 x 77cm  (H, W, L) | Hand grip pulse sensor | A popular choice, the Opti Folding exercise bike has a magnetic resistance system that makes riding smooth and it’s got basic functions that allow you to track your progress. Simple and easy to use, if you’re unsure of what bike to get, then this is a good choice. Buy it from Argos (£119.99) Specifications: Maximum weight: 150kg | Weight: 27kg | 2 transport wheels  | LCD Display Screen | Revolutions per minute, speed, time, distance, RPM, heart rate and recovery | 3 Year Warranty With a comfortable seat and easy-to-hold handles, the Crane Exercise Bike is the perfect stationary bike for beginners and its affordable price makes it one of the best choices to buy this year. Reviews love how easy it is to assemble and its simple tracking sensor is all you need for an effective workout. Buy it on Aldi. (£99 on sale) Specifications: 4kg Flywheel | Weight: 45kg | Maximum weight: 140kg | Bluetooth connection | Charging points for phone | Weights holder Spinning lovers will love the Apex Smart Bike which is designed especially for home spinning and has an accompanying app that Apple users can sync with their bikes. Small in size and with a weights holder included, it’s great for doing an intense gym class without having to leave your home. Buy it from Apex (£990) Specifications: 13kg Flywheel | Maximum weight: 150kg | Weight: 77kg | LIVE interactive training | 14 inch Smart HD Touchscreen | Dimensions: 140 x 143 x 56cm (H, W, D) Bring the gym to the home with the NordicTrack Commercial S151 Studio Cycle, which is an high-quality bike that has a whopping 24 digital levels and inclines from 20 percent to 10 percent decline. The highlight of this bike is the large touch display that allows you to join iFit Coach spin classes and other workout programs, so you can have a fun, interactive experience at home. Buy it on Nordic Track, John Lewis (From £1,499) Specifications: 17kg Flywheel | Weight: 42kg | Maximum weight: 140kg | Infinity resistance | Padded saddle and adjustable | LCD screen | Dimensions: 120 x 51 x 101 cm (D, W, H) If you’re looking to increase your cardio and lose weight, the JTX Cyclo-3 Indoor Racer Bike is the perfect bike for you as it allows you to truly go as fast as possible with infinity resistance. Built to last for years, this is a high-quality model that is going to get you to your fitness goals. Buy it from JTX Fitness (£349 on sale) Specifications: Weight: 3.6kg | 4 non-slip feet | Dimensions: 35 x 38 x 28 cm (H, W, D) | 2 year warranty If you’re looking to get fit while sitting down, the Domyos mini bike will help you get a solid workout while you’re seated at your desk. There are five trackers that can help you monitor your progress and it’s so compact so it suits the smallest of spaces. Buy it from Decathlon (£59.99) Specifications: 7kg Flywheel | Weight: 30kg | Maximum weight: 125kg | Magnetic resistance | Dimensions: 148 x 55 x 114 cm (H, W, D) Tone up with the Nordic Track GX 2.7 U Bike which will help you build muscle with an extensive variety of resistance levels and you can also join trainer-led classes. Challenge yourself through the bike’s 20 resistance levels for the ultimate strength test. Buy it on Nordic Track (£369 on sale) Specifications: Maximum weight: 149.69kg | Weight: 17kg | LCD Display Screen | 8 resistance levels | 7 height adjustments This foldable bike is made from a durable frame and is very sturdy, so heavier people will feel comfortable and secure while using this model. It’s also silent so it won’t wake up any neighbours with loud noises and is equipped with seven height adjustments and eight resistance levels so you can really reach your fitness goals. Buy it on Amazon (£169.99) Specifications: Weight: 5kg | Manual bike | Dimensions: 59.99 x 30 x 11.9 cm (H, W, D) Ideal for elderly or those with joint pain, the Bi-Pedelar machine is a manual bike that all ages can use and it helps stimulate blood circulation from the comfort of your seat. You can sit on a chair or sofa and it has six positions to offer different levels of resistance. Buy it from Amazon (£59.95) Specifications: 1.5kg Flywheel | Weight: 20.41kg | Maximum weight: 135kg | Transportation wheels | Folds for storage | Dimensions: 115.5 x 44.3 x 21.2 (H, W, D) If you’re short on space but want a solid exercise bike, the Slim Cycle will allow you to get an intense workout while taking up minimal room. It’s slim design comes equipped with a digital tracker and it’s also got built-in resistance bands that can help you build your upper body strength. Buy it from Argos (£229.99) Specification: Weight: 94kg | Maximum weight: 182 kg | No workout fan | LED Screen | 24 resistance levels | Dimensions: 142 x 62 x 170 cm (H, W, D) Perfect for anyone who has lower back pain, the Recumbent Exercise Bike from NordicTrack is filled with magnetic resistance so it gives you a gym-quality workout without comprising on pain. Silent and with varied levels of resistance, speed and programs, get fit while being comfortable in your bike. Buy it from John Lewis (£2,955) Specifications: 22kg Flywheel | Weight: 57kg | Maximum weight: 136kg | Magnetic resistance | Dimensions: 121.9 x 58.4 x 114.3 cm (H, W, D) Build your resistance with the Sunny Health & Fitness Bike and it’s got a heavy flywheel that will allow you to strengthen yourself while losing weight. 78 percent of reviewers have given it a give star rating and love its that it’s ultra-quiet while providing heavy resistance. Buy it from Amazon (£488.29) Specifications: Resistance levels: Eight | Power: Battery | Height range: 119.5 - 138cm | Maximum weight: 110 kg | Weight: 16kg | Dimensions: 96.5 x 46 x 119.5 cm (L, W, H) | Folded Dimensions: 57 x 46 x 138cm (L, W, H) The Ultrasport F-Bike is super easy to use and store away, making it the perfect choice if you want to exercise and save space at home. It can be fully folded to a small size and has a range of functions like a built-in LCD display and adjustable seat for shorter individuals. Buy it on Amazon (£135) There are different features that you’ll want to consider when picking your bike. The flywheel weight is the wheel that moves when you use it so it dictates the motion of the bike. Heavier flywheels make for smoother bike rides. Plus, make sure that it can be adjusted so you can sit in the perfect position for a comfortable experience. You can buy a bike for as cheap as £60 but budget options tend to only have basic functions. Most mid-range bikes are around £200 to £400 and are the most popular choices for bikes. If you want to get a real hi-end bike you can use for years, models tend to be over £1,000. This depends on whether your bike is foldable or not as that can help save storage if you’re living in a shared household or have little rooms. Most bikes usually are around a meter in length and 0.5 meters wide but make sure to keep checking the specifications. Recumbent bikes are larger so they will take up the most space as they have reclining seats.