Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning and tidying extraordinaire who made her millions posting tips and tricks on social media. She has inspired an army of cleaning enthusiasts who offer their own chores hacks on Facebook pages such as Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips, including how to get rid of weeds. Jigme Namgyal took to the Facebook page to ask for advice: “Hello peeps. What is the best and easiest way to get rid of these weeds from the driveway? “I have a power hose but that creates a flood so I would like to stay away from it for the time being. Any recommendations would be greatly appreciated. Happy weekend everyone!” Cleaning enthusiasts flocked to the comments with helpful suggestions, with one user, Alison White, suggesting: “I have exactly the same path and weeds were horrible, I would pull up as many of the bigger weeds you can and then pour the cheapest salt you can get in the cracks, try to do when it’s not going to rain. Has totally cleared my path and when new ones do appear I just reapply the salt.” Liz Mallaburn advised: “You can get a brush for paving with a metal head.” READ MORE: Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less Tiff Scofield added that she purchases hers from B&M: “They are really effective.” Abigail Batt offered a free method: “Boiling hot water will kill them in two days.” Mandy Smith seconded this: "I use a freshly boiled kettle - most effective method I’ve ever used. I have dogs so I avoid chemicals." As for keeping the driveway clear of weeds for good, Nicola Loveidge said: “Once you’ve got rid of the weeds, I recommend using Weedol weed treatments to keep it weed free.” Carmel Goff offered: "Fairy liquid salt white vinegar and water." Annalise Kerley suggested Jeyes Fluid, but Karren Bailey issued a warning: "Be careful if you have cats though." Lesley Parkes stated: "Weedkiller or a solution of salt and vinegar (not joking) or bleach." Melanie Bell mentioned the Electric Weed Burner that she purchased from Lidl. Zara Meila offered a method that she "swears by": "Washing up liquid, salt and white vinegar all in a spray bottle. "I have the exact same in my garden and did it last summer after getting advised by a neighbour and they still haven’t come back up. I swear by it." She added: "I just filled a spray bottle with the three ingredients. I didn’t go by quantities but you need a spray bottle with a wide tube or the salt will get stuck. "I couldn’t get one so I sprinkled the salt down first then sprayed the vinegar and liquid solution over it and it worked a treat." Ali Bracey suggested: "I use an old knife and go up and down the cracks every year." She admitted: "Takes forever but looks great when done." Katie Homer added: "Patio Magic is good and it kills the weeds." Christine Vant offered: "I use a tool called ‘weed burner’, which burns the weed to shrivel and then you just pull out." Brad Barnes offered one solution but issued a warning: "Patio cleaner/ killer: it’s an acid and kills anything off like weeds for the future. "Thoroughly rinse it when it’s dry and don’t walk on it bare footed. Watch for the animals too!"