The price of a barrel of Brent crude reached $139, the highest level since 2008, after Washington revealed it is in talks with European allies over banning imports of Russian oil. Prices are now more than 20 times higher than they were just two years ago, rising again yesterday from record highs last week. Sir Alan Duncan, Boris Johnson’s former deputy at the Foreign Office, said the UK risks falling into a “dystopian economic collapse” over concerns about the supply of gas from Russia. He said: “There is this auction of indignation, which all of us totally understand, against anything to do with Russia. “So they ban this, ban that and ban everything, but in the end, we’re going to end up banning our own supplies. “Now, we, of course, want to disadvantage Russia as an essential tool of war. But we don’t want to disadvantage ourselves so that we fall into some kind of dystopian economic collapse. We are on the edge of that.” Economic experts have suggested an actual embargo could hike the price of an average tank of petrol close to £100. Average petrol prices exceeded 155p a litre for the first time on Sunday, figures from data firm Experian Catalist showed. The average cost of a litre of petrol at UK forecourts was 155.62p while the price of diesel hit a record high of 161.28p A year ago the price per litre of petrol and diesel was 124.32p and 127.25p respectively, the RAC said. The cost of filling up a typical 55-litre family car with either fuel has become more than £17 more expensive over that period. RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams said: “The average price of petrol across the UK has jumped by more than 4p in a week topping £1.55 for the first time ever, which means a gallon costs over £7 – something which many older drivers will be struggling to comprehend. “Diesel, however, has increased by 6.5p a litre to £1.61 or £7.30 a gallon. “These hikes are unprecedented and will sadly be hitting both homes and businesses hard.” Campaigners and motor experts have called for the chancellor to slash VAT to at least 15 percent in a bid to help drivers save 6.5p a litre. This would take the average price of unleaded under £1.50. VAT is currently charged at a rate of 20 percent on petrol and diesel. Mr Williams said: “Importantly, this could also limit the impact of inevitable fuel price rises in the coming days and weeks.” Rod McKenzie, the managing director at trade body the Road Haulage Association, described the spike in the cost of diesel as “dramatic”. He called it “inevitable” that customers pay more for goods transported by lorries. Mr McKenzie said: “If hauliers have to pay more for their fuel, they inevitably have to charge customers more. “I suspect this will mean prices going up on everything that is delivered by a truck, which is frankly 97 percent of everything that we get in Britain.” Cabbies in London are queuing at ranks rather than driving in search of passengers because of spiralling diesel costs.