A huge community of chefs have created the ultimate cookie recipe for mum this weekend. The delicious chocolate chip cookie can be made using basic, cheap ingredients that are super-easy and ideal to make with kids who want to treat their mothers today. SortedFood is the Youtube food platform with over two and a half million followers. Co-founder Mike Huttlestone scoured the internet, using feedback from their community of over 2.5 million YouTube subscribers from around the world. He paired their tips along with insights from TikTok, to uncover his perfect recipe, made in just five simple steps using basic ingredients. From the ideal ratio for brown to white sugar to the best type of chocolate to use, the guys have put together their top tips for a deliciously gooey cookie with the right balance of salt to sweet - and of course the perfect chewy crunch. READ MORE: Carbonara recipe: How to make the 'perfect' carbonara Ingredients DON'T MISSGBBO winner Sophie Faldo's secret to perfecting a lemon drizzle cake [EXPERT] Bake Off: How to bake the perfect carrot cake [INSIGHT] Jamie Oliver shares recipe for ‘perfectly golden' Yorkshire puddings [EASY] Method 1. Place the butter in a medium saucepan over a high heat. Once melted, stir constantly until the butter foams and turns a nutty brown colour. Remove from the heat. 2. Mix the flour, baking powder, the sugars and a pinch of salt together in a large mixing bowl. Add the butter, vanilla and egg and combine. Fold in the chocolate chunks. 3. Roll the mixture into 100g balls, transfer to a lined baking tray and freeze overnight. 4. The next day, preheat the oven to 175°C. Transfer the tray to the oven and bake for 11 minutes. 5. Remove from the oven, cook on a wire rack and sprinkle with a little coarse sea salt while still hot. 1. Both Ben and Mike agree that you should start by browning the butter in a pan. Ben whisks his consistently while it is in the pan to get a nutty, aromatic flavour. Mike leaves his to melt until it starts to foam and brown specks appear - it’s then time to take it off the heat, as the residual heat from the pan will carry on browning the butter. Once it is evenly browned, Mike transfers his butter to a jug to stop this happening. Ben goes one step further, putting his melted butter over an ice bath and adding one ice cube to the mix – this replaces the evaporated water lost during the browning process. The classic French term for this is "beurre noisette". 2. The ratio of brown to white sugar is a key factor in getting the desired caramel flavour. Ben comments, “One of the key things for making a great cookie is precision and the right ratio of ingredients, it’s the brown to white sugar ratio that gives you the difference between a crunchy and a chewy cookie”. Mike uses a ratio of 75 percent brown sugar to 25 percent white sugar, along with 220g plain flour, pne tsp baking powder and 1.5 tsp of salt, to get the perfect balance. Ben prefers to use a 50:50 ratio of brown to white sugar. Salt is a natural flavour enhancer and brings out the nuances in both cookies. 3. Mike mixes all his dry ingredients together before adding the melted butter, plus one large egg and 1.5 tsp of vanilla paste. Ben chooses to beat his eggs and sugar first to get a light airy mixture, before adding his beurre noisette, dry ingredients and vanilla paste. 4. When it comes to what chocolate to use, Mike goes for a mix of dark, milk and white plain supermarket basics, using bars that he smashes up to add texture and create a mix of flavours. Ben chooses high-quality, single-origin 70 percent dark cocoa chocolate chips. Both agree to be very generous with how much they add. 5. Chilling the cookie dough is key. Mike comments, “Chilling the dough means you get a colder outside so the cookie is crispier on the outside and chewy in the middle”. He chooses to chill his dough for just half an hour, while Ben leaves his overnight. Mike also shapes his into 100g balls before he chills them, whilst Ben leaves his dough in the bowl. 6. Once sufficiently chilled, Ben rolls his dough into golf ball-size pieces. 7. Ben bakes his cookies at 160c for 13 to 14 minutes until they are crisp on the outside and soft inside, leaving them to set as they cool down to get that chewy middle. Mike goes for 175c for 14 minutes, checking them regularly.