McLaren star Lando Norris has expressed frustrations with the latest season of Netflix’s popular F1 series Drive to Survive after the show portrayed a rivalry with teammate Daniel Ricciardo. A number of huge F1 figures have criticised Netflix’s over-dramatisation of particular moments, with Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff and Red Bull’s world champion Max Verstappen calling such moments out. Verstappen has been particularly vocal about the docuseries, which gives viewers an intriguing behind-the-scenes look at the sport and the individuals involved. The 24-year-old no longer contributes interviews towards the show as he does not like the way ‘fake’ rivalries are created, and insisted the programme was ‘ruined after the first season’. Verstappen appeared to be in a rivalry with teammate Ricciardo, despite the two enjoying a good relationship off the track. When asked about the Dutchman’s criticism last year, Norris said he was ‘fine’ with the series’ storylines - but he may have changed his mind after watching season four. JUST IN: Martin Brundle explains Hamilton's biggest problem after F1 retirement One of the episodes focused on the partnership between Norris and Ricciardo at McLaren as the duo experiencing contrasting campaigns after the highly-rated Australian joined the team from Renault. Aside from a stunning win at the Italian Grand Prix, Ricciardo struggled in 2021 while Norris improved and achieved four podiums while finishing in the points in 20 of 22 races. The Brit was frustrated by the inaccuracies in terms of footage selected from the Bahrain Grand Prix, echoing Wolff’s comments that Netflix try to ‘spin the narrative’. “I watched episodes one and two,” Norris told reporters. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton 'would be first to admit' he's nearing F1 retirementMax Verstappen prediction will be music to the ears of Lewis Hamilton'Not the same last season!' Nick Knowles swipes F1's Max Verstappen “I won’t spoil it as it’s the first proper introduction to Daniel, myself and us at McLaren. I think it’s good, gives you good insight. “From my side it looks good, maybe not so much from the other side (Ricciardo’s) but there are obviously some comments here and there that may be out of place. “When you are the person it’s about, you don’t agree with it so much because it can make you look like you said something at a time and place which is definitely not correct.” Norris explained that his main concerns came from a racing incident that was broadcast over the radio. “There’s a bit of me and Daniel going side by side in turn one when we are not even close and I claim he pushes me off, which is from a completely different race,” Norris added. “There are things which may be a bit too much like that and I don’t agree too much with it. But on the whole, I think it’s just exciting and good for everyone. “As long as they don’t overdo it and literally make someone look like they have done something they definitely haven’t, I think that’s too far. “As long as they don’t do that, it’s good.” The 22-race 2022 campaign, which was set to be a record 23 races before the Russian Grand Prix was cancelled, begins with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 20.