Many Britons move to the Mediterranean country to enjoy retirement there, but most want to feel close to home. What are the Spanish cities most dominated by British?   Holiday rental platform Spain-Holiday analysed all the cities in the country and found that Benidorm, in Alicante, is where more Britons choose to relocate to. The study took into consideration the number of British residents, and the ratio of British pubs, shops and establishments with UK products. According to the study, most Britons prefer to move to a popular tourist destination, stay in areas they already know and if possible, by the coast. Most expats avoid the capital and other big and inland cities. READ MORE: Spanish destination named as Europe’s sunniest city  Benidorm, in Costa Blanca, ranked first as the most popular expat destination. The city started to attract British tourists in 1925 when it became one of the first holiday resorts in Spain. Some Britons choose it as a summer holiday destination, but a large British expat community permanently lives in Benidorm. With hundreds of British restaurants, pubs, and supermarkets with expats' favourite products, Benidorm can feel like "home away from home".  The city of Orihuela, in Alicante, is the second most popular city among expats. Located a few miles south of Benidorm, it is a charming town by the beach with around 10,000 Britons living there and are nearly 20 British shops, restaurants and pubs. Benalmadena, near Malaga, ranked third as Britons' favourite town to relocate to. Many different nationalities and expats from all over the world enjoy life in the city, but over 3,000 Britons live in Benalmadena and have 31 pubs and restaurants available. A beautiful small city in Costa del Sol is another expat favourite: Mijas. The small town attracts many visitors every summer but almost 9,000 British tourists have decided to stay and enjoy life in the quiet Spanish spot. Mijas is followed by another town near Malaga, in Costa del Sol: Torremolinos. Not only retirees but also young professionals from the UK decide to relocate to the sunny destination. Expats will feel at home with 28 British shops, pubs and restaurants. If Britons feel homesick, they have another 1,300 UK permanent residents living in Torremolinos. In Mallorca, the Balearic Islands, there is another beautiful destination that made it to the top 10: Calvia. Many expats have shared their opinion on Tripadvisor, with Sophie H recommending to visit Playa Santa Ponca: "Great little beach with lots of lovely bars, restaurants and shops. Lots of ducks everywhere which was a surprise! Went out of high season so it wasn't busy, but I imagine it gets busier as the summer gets going." Patricia H said: "Very nice beach, with plenty of places nearby to shop, eat and drink, buses and taxi rank a few moments walk away to travel to other places, very cheap bus and taxi fares." Cities in Spain most dominated by Britons: Benidorm, Alicante Orihuela, Alicante Benalmadena, Malaga Mijas, Malaga Torremolinos, Malaga Fuengirola, Malaga Torrevieja, Alicante Calvia, Balearic Islands Arona, Tenerife Estepona, Malaga