He suggested road tax charges could be included in the cost of fuel instead of a “blanket fee”. He also showed his support for a pay per mile charge which has already been suggested by the Transport Committee. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Mr Shaw said classic cars were a “love affair” that was not all about the driving. He said: “I appreciate that the Government are actively looking to reduce the number of petrol and diesel cars on the road. "However, classics should fall into their own class. “NOT be slapped with the same penalties planned for regular daily rides. READ MORE: Thousands of classic cars to become tax-exempt “As someone who is an advocate of electric cars and also a hardened petrolhead of 40 years, if I were to be pushed on the matter I’d say classics could be taxed on usage as opposed to a six to 12-month blanket tax (or whatever they have planned for us). “Perhaps include the road tax in the cost of the fuel for classic car owners? “Or a cost per mile perhaps. “Owning a classic is a love affair. DON'T MISSClassic cars should not be taxed the same as commuter cars [INSIGHT]Classic cars to receive ‘100 percent discount’ for car tax changes [COMMENT]Classic car owners could be ‘penalised a lot more’ in car tax changes [ANALYSIS] “It’s 80 percent about the project in learning how to become the surgeon who can fix it, and 20 percent about driving it.” Mr Shaw has previously said classic cars were a “different kettle of fish” and should not be charged the same as modern, commuter vehicles. He said most classic car owners “probably drive 100 miles a year” and should not be subjected to the same level of charges. His comments come just weeks after the Transport Select Committee published their new road pricing report which backed the use of telematics technology to charge road users. They have encouraged the Government to find a replacement to traditional Vehicle Excise Duty (VED) and fuel duty costs as more drivers switch to electric models. The report suggested there would be an end to tax exemptions for electric vehicles as motorists risk becoming accustomed to “no tax motoring”. However, there is yet to be any confirmation on whether classic cars would be affected at all. Under the current system, historic vehicles over the age of 40 are eligible to apply for a historic tax exemption. This stops owners brewing hit with traditional VED charges and applies as an exemption for many Clean Air Zones in the UK. Last year, campaigners called for the historic tax exemption to be dropped from 40 years to 30 years. The petition received over 14,800 signatures but the plans were rejected by the Government who said there were “no current plans” to change the exemption rules. Car S.O.S returns to National Geographic with a new Season 10 airing Thursdays at 8pm from 10th March.