High blood pressure is a common condition whereby the long-term force of the blood against your artery walls is high enough that it may eventually cause health problems, such as heart disease. Fortunately, high blood pressure can be easily reversed by making simple dietary tweaks. Research suggests drinking sour tea can significantly reverse a high reading but it matters when you drink it. Sour tea, also called hibiscus tea, is a fragrant tea made from the dried calyxes of the tropical Hibiscus sabdariffa flowers. The aim of a study published in the Journal of advanced pharmaceutical technology & research sought to evaluate the antihypertensive effect of sour tea on stage one hypertension. Stage one hypertension, also called prehypertension, is a blood pressure reading that indicates you may get high blood pressure in the future. Patients with stage one hypertension who were diagnosed by a cardiologist have been included in the present clinical trial after giving informed consent. READ MORE: Feeling depressed 'will cause palpitations...even onset of diabetes' warns Dr Nighat  The patients were divided into two groups. The control and case group received the same lifestyle and dietary advice for controlling blood pressure. The case group received two standard cups of sour tea every morning for one month. The blood pressure of both groups was documented at baseline and at the end of the study and the results were analysed. A total of 46 patients participated in this study and there was no significant difference in terms of age and body mass index (BMI) between groups. BMI is a measure that uses your height and weight to work out if your weight is healthy. DON'T MISSSupplements: The popular pill shown to increase prostate cancer risk [ADVICE]Long Covid: Cycling symptoms that can come and go [INSIGHT]Diabetes: Polydipsia 'all the time' is a warning sign [TIPS] There was a significant reduction in systolic blood pressure in both groups, but the mean reduction in systolic and diastolic blood pressure was "significantly higher" in the sour tea group, the researchers observed. The researchers concluded: "Using H. sabdariffa as sour tea two times a day can be effective in managing blood pressure in stage one hypertension along with lifestyle and dietary modification." Blood pressure is recorded with two numbers. The systolic pressure (higher number) is the force at which your heart pumps blood around your body. The diastolic pressure (lower number) is the resistance to the blood flow in the blood vessels. They're both measured in millimetres of mercury (mmHg). Simple lifestyle changes can help reduce high blood pressure, although some people may need to take medicine as well. According to the NHS, you should cut your salt intake to less than 6g (0.2oz) a day, which is about a teaspoonful. Eating a low-fat, balanced diet – including plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables - can help, says the health body. Other tips include: "You can take these steps today, regardless of whether or not you're taking blood pressure medicines," adds the NHS.