Everyone wants to burn as many calories as possible, but not everyone want to work hard for it. However studies have found there is a way to burn up to 750 calories in an hour by doing a leisurely activity that's low-impact - and it's fun, too. Now the warmer weather is here, people are looking for more resins to get outside and enjoy the sun and fresh air. Cycling is a great way to get a dose of cardio and build muscular endurance. Exercising on bike, even if it's in the gym, for at least 30 minutes a day can improve a person's aerobic capacity. Over time, this will enable them to bike longer or on more intense rides. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure Cycling is also a low impact form of exercise, making it a safe choice for older adults and people with weak or damaged joints. It's low impact nature can accommodate a variety of injuries and disabilities while still allowing a person to be active. Calories Burned HQ found that the average person will burn between 450 to 750 calories per hour cycling. They state that a 150lb (10.7st) person cycling at a steady pace of 14mph will burn 48 calories per mile. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] That same person traveling at 20mph would burn 56 calories per mile. Person Trainer Jessica Jenkins said: "The best way to burn the most calories is to ride a longer distance." But she noted doing too much too soon could lead to problems. "Instead of doing a massive bike ride straight away and risking an injury, try gradually do a little extra every day," she suggested. "This way, you make sure you don't write yourself off from exercising for a month or two." The trainer went on to point out that cycling can burn more calories than other forms of cardio exercises because it's easy to do. "Cycling is one of those exercises that burn a lot of calories because you don't really notice you're doing it," she said. "If you go out for a family cycle, you could cover miles and not really give it a second thought. "Next thing you know, you've burned 500 calories." She added: "It's a bit like walking, only a little more difficult!" Jessica also explained that the higher the level of physical exertion a person puts into their bike ride, the more they'll get to of it fitness-wise. The faster they're going, the more miles/kilometres they will cover in a quicker time and this will lead to more calories burned and a reduction in body fat and weight loss. Alongside the calorie shedding opportunities, Paul J. Mackarey, a doctor in Health Sciences, revealed cycling has numerous health benefits. They include: 1. Leg strength 2. Core strength 3. Improve balance and co-ordination 4. Mental wellness Not to mention, it's easy and fun.