Nick Kyrgios has praised Naomi Osaka for opening up on her mental struggles in tennis. The four-time Major champion announced she would not be participating in press conferences at last year's French Open to protect her mental wellbeing and eventually ended up withdrawing from both that tournament and Wimbledon after receiving backlast for the decision. Kyrgios has recently opened up on the mental struggles he has dealt with throughout his career, admitting he was self-harming at his lowest point. The former world No 13 has been a new man this season, winning the Australian Open doubles title and matching his career-best showing in Indian Wells recently by making the quarter-finals. The Aussie has made no secret that he's enjoying a newfound happiness both on and off the court, and says he's hoping to "keep [his] head down" and see what he can do at this week's Miami Open. While in Miami, Kyrgios has also elaborated more on his past struggles and thanked none other than Naomi Osaka for opening up on her own difficult period last year. “Naomi pulled the pin at that French Open when she [revealed she] was dealing with all that negative emotion and when she just pulled the pin, I related to that," he said after his win over Fabio Fognini. Kyrgios, now ranked down at world No 102 after playing few tournaments last year before ending his season early with a foot injury, explained what led him to a dark place in tennis. JUST IN: Djokovic and Nadal face challenge amid Wawrinka plan to return to top  "I felt like I constantly played so much under that mental stress and negativity that I genuinely just couldn’t function anymore with the pressures. I couldn’t function with the negativity," the 26-year-old told reporters in his post-match press conference. Admitting that he even faced a challenging period with his friends and family, Kyrgios added: "Every day was just constant negativity from you guys [the media], from eventually my family, eventually from my friends, from everyone. There was no positivity, and it was just eating me up and I just genuinely hated my life." The six-time title winner echoed a recent sentiment he shared during Indian Wells, when he said he felt forced into playing ar role with the tennis world making him "something he wasn't". " I was really struggling. I wasn't happy. The tennis world wanted me to be a certain player. I was trying to be something that I wasn't for so many years. It put me in a dark place," he said ahead of his campaign in the Californian desert, which ended with a quarter-final loss to Rafael Nadal. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic 'stronger than ever' before Monte-Carlo Masters returnMedvedev told 'focus on third goal' with Russian not on Djokovic levelDjokovic 'won't have sponsorship issue' as his brother speaks out     Now into the round of 16 in Miami, Kyrgios will take on Jannik Sinner - who he was also set to play in the last 16 in Indian Wells before the Italian withdrew with illness. After booking his spot to face the world No 11, Kyrgios explained he was finally in a good place. "It’s taken a long time, and obviously I’m just towards a point where I’m just happy now. I don’t take anything for granted," he said. "I don’t think about all those mistakes I made prior. There’s no time for regret for me. I try to be positive, try to help others and try to uplift. I understand that I’m a role model for the younger generations. It took a while, I had to fix it myself." 