Ralf Rangnick has been slammed by former England star Chris Waddle for persevering with Marcus Rashford in the wake of his alarming form. Rashford looked devoid of confidence and struggled again on Tuesday night as Manchester United were dumped out of the Champions League by Atletico Madrid. Rashford has endured a torrid campaign after missing the start of the season due to shoulder surgery. And after playing through the pain for England during their historic Euro 2020 run, Rashford has suddenly found himself out of favour at Old Trafford following Anthony Elanga's emergence. With Jadon Sancho also coming into his own, Rashford has struggled to do enough to to push for a regular role under Rangnick. The 24-year-old has netted just five times in 26 games this term and a number of fans and pundits have called for the striker to be shelved by United. And Waddle has become the latest ex-player to question Rashford's spot in the United team. He failed to inspire United to a much-needed leveller after being introduced from the bench for the final 25 minutes of Tuesday night's crunch clash against Atletico, and Waddle reckons that Rashford could be one of a number of players who have been at the club for too long. READ MORE: Man Utd fans pelt Simeone with missiles after Atletico Madrid loss "Some of the players have been here too long," Waddle told the Daily Star. "Rashford doesn't look like he wants to be here. Whether he's lost confidence or belief, he's definitely lost something. Three years ago we were talking about what a player he could have been. "In the final third [against Atletico] there was nothing. It's down the sides where United have real problems. They used to have wingers that made things happen. They took people on. Now all we get are players that stop with the ball and pass back or inside. "There's no effect on the flanks. Marcus Rashford looked absolutely terrible when he came on. Why do they keep playing him when he doesn't want to be there, supposedly? I don't get that." Speculation linking Rashford with a move away from Old Trafford has intensified in recent weeks following his alarming decline in front of goal. The Guardian reported earlier this month that Rashford was 'seriously considering' his long-term future at the club after slipping out of the first-team fold. Rashford's current deal has just 18 months left to run - although United do hold an option to extend his stay for an additional year, which would tie the academy graduate to the club until the summer of 2024. While Rashford is reportedly keen to muscle his way back into United's plans, his future is likely to hinge on United's next permanent manager, with the Red Devils set to appoint a permanent successor to Rangnick in the summer.