Sebastian Vettel has echoed Lewis Hamilton's statement regarding retirement as Fernando Alonson continues to race in Formula 1 aged 40. Hamilton and Vettel are two of the oldest drivers on the grid and have a combined total of 30 years experience in F1.  They also boast a total of 11 world champions and are two of the best drivers the sport has ever seen. Questions surrounding Hamilton's future had been rampant since he took a hiatus from social media following the controversial Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. Now he has returned and is raring to go for the new campaign, speculation regarding when he will choose to hang up his helmet continue. During an interview with RacingNews365.com, the seven-time champion admits he has not thought much about his future, but does not expect to be in F1 into his 40s. “I haven't thought about that number," Hamilton said. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton makes alarming admission as Mercedes driver shuts down Horner and Sainz   "Because I'm 37, I've still got a bit to go, so I honestly haven't thought about that. "I don't plan on being here close to that age, so hopefully I'll have some other fun things to get on with." Vettel, who turns 35 this year, shared the same opinion as Hamilton and they both share a different view to Fernando Alonso, who turned 40 last July and is still in the sport. "No, I don't think so," Vettel said last year when asked if he would still be racing in Formula 1 at 40. DON'T MISS   "But, as you asked Fernando [who said he hadn't expected being in F1 at 40], you never know, but right now I would say no." The Spaniard didn’t envisage himself being in F1 at this stage of his career, but after a two-year absence Alonso returned in 2021 and is representing Alpine Racing. His current deal expires at the end of the season and while the fire and desire to remain in F1 burns bright, the two-time world champion will not make a decision until midway through the upcoming season. This is perhaps due to the F1 legend needing time to assess the performance of the Alpine car and whether they can take advantage of the new regulations and be more competitive.   “As of now, I would say yes,” Alonso told RTL when asked about his future. “I really feel the strength to continue. But I’ll only decide in the middle of the year. “Hopefully it [the new rules] will allow us to fight for podiums, because if you fight for podiums every weekend then eventually victory will come. “And if you fight for podiums and wins then maybe next year you’re a world championship contender. It has to come step by step, and we want to take the first step now.” 