Afternoon tea is a subject that divides Britons all over the country who like their scones served in a particular way. A recent study by Casumo has revealed how regal Britons are by comparing their afternoon tea habits to the Queen’s. National Afternoon Tea month is coming up in April. Plus the Queen will be celebrating her 96th birthday on April 21 in a month’s time.  The survey was conducted ahead of this, where over 500 Britons were asked their preferences for afternoon tea. Just like Her Majesty, over two-thirds of Britons spread jam on their scone first, followed by cream. Only 10 percent of the public agree with the Queen’s tea brand of choice, however, which is Twinings. According to the study, dunking is actually rather royal, with the Queen and two-thirds of Britons choosing to do so with a cup of tea. Just like Her Majesty, over two-thirds of Britons spread jam on their scone first, followed by cream.  READ MORE: Prince William 'riddled with anxiety gestures' during royal tour Only 10 percent of the public agree with the Queen’s tea brand of choice, however, which is Twinings. According to the study, dunking is actually rather royal, with the Queen and two-thirds of Britons choosing to do so with a cup of tea. Finally, the Queen does not approve of crusts, whilst most Britons prefer to keep them on their sandwiches. There is the traditional Cornish method which is jam first then cream, but then there is also the Devonshire method which is cream first. These two methods continuously divide Britons over which one is better or tastier.    The former royal chef, Darren McGrady, revealed the Queen prefers to use the Cornish method of spreading a layer of jam first on her freshly baked scone. In this aspect, it appears the British public are rather royal with a whopping 67 percent of the public agreeing with Her Majesty that jam should always go first, followed by the cream. The Queen does not think so, but Britons are not following royal protocol in this regard. Three-quarters of the public also like to add a little dash of butter into the mix.   The biggest group of people who like butter on scones, according to the survey, are men. The differences between the Queen’s methods and the public don’t stop there. In Buckingham Palace, the ideal time for high tea is 5pm, whereas Britons prefer to indulge in the savoury and sweet treats between 2pm and 4pm. Queen Elizabeth II’s favourite sandwich filling is reportedly smoked salmon. But only one in six Britons agree. It seems the public love the classic cheese for their ideal sandwich filling.   Which area in the UK is the most regal with their afternoon tea habits? It turns out those Britons who mimic the Queen’s actions the most are Londoners, specifically females over the age of 64. Scottish males aged 25-34 were deemed rather unroyal when it came to their preferences. A spokesperson for Casumo told Express.co.uk: “With National Afternoon Tea month coming up combined with the Queen’s birthday, we wanted to see how ‘royal’ the British public actually are when it comes to all the different aspects that make up an afternoon tea. “From how you prepare your scone, to which sandwich fillings you like, our data shows just how regal the UK really is.” 