The act which is being described as a “desecration” of graves has seen police launch an appeal into the abhorrent act. Graves at the Ripon Cemetery in North Yorkshire were subjected to graffiti which has also seen a wave of condemnation pouring in over the disrespectful crime. The Russian Z symbol has now become associated with the Russian invasion of Ukraine, with many of Putin’s military convoys, tanks, armoured vehicles and personnel sporting the sign. Such is the popularity of the symbol merchandise has appeared in pro-war outlets in Russia.  Further to the Z sign, IRA was also scrawled on the graves. The Irish Republican Army targeted the Ripon town in 1971, home to the 21st Engineer Regiment. Four bombs were planted by Provisional IRA volunteer Peter McMullen which caused damage to the barracks. Although nobody was killed, one person was injured. Furthermore, swastikas have also appeared on the graves of the war dead.  Inspector Alex Langley from the Ripon Neighbourhood Policing team said: “Members of the public are quite rightly shocked by these instances of vandalism. “This is particularly upsetting for the large military community that we have in Ripon. “Incidents of this nature will not be tolerated, and I would urge anyone who has any information to contact us." Police will be increasing patrols around local cemeteries in the Ripon area to prevent further incidents of this nature.  READ MORE:Putin humiliated as another commander killed in Ukraine Leader of Ripon City Council, Andrew Williams, said: “This isn't what I view as antisocial behaviour. “It is the desecration of war graves. “Residents are appalled, shocked and disgusted. “Obviously we are appalled, not least because Clara barracks was bombed by the IRA. It is abhorrent. Just abhorrent.” Another local councillor went to visit the scene of the crime following the news being spread. Pauline McHardy, following the visit, said: “What the hell are they doing going into the cemetery? It's just so disrespectful. “I just think it is absolutely disgusting. “Vandalism and unsocial behaviour is just getting out of hand. “I know I am speaking for Ripon when I say it is getting out of all proportion and something really needs to be done. “I know the ones that are there are doing their best but if the manpower isn't there you cannot serve the public appropriately when there are problems. “The police commissioner needs to be doing something now. Not words. We don't want words. We want action.” Councillor Williams agreed with this, saying: “If people thought there was a greater risk of being caught they would have been less likely to do this in the first place. “It seems they have been reluctant to get a grip of the problem for some time.”  DON'T MISS:World Trade Organisation rejects Belarus’ application [REPORT]'Putin's poodles' Le Pen savaged for 'playing Russian's game' [REVEAL]ASDA kicks carer out as they 'don't like way he shops' [INSIGHT] Local residents were also horrified and angered by the incident. Christine Allan, from Ripon, said: “Totally shocking. So disrespectful. “The persons responsible should be made to clean every headstone in the graveyard first, then dealt with severely. With a real punishment.” Stan Darbyshire, an ex-Royal Engineer, added: “Absolute morons. This is a massive insult to a city and its people who have a huge military history.”  Resident Joy Hunt said it was absolutely disgusting, and they were “appalled”.She said: “This goes way beyond vandalism. “Ripon really needs to step up policing to prevent further acts of desecration taking place.” Anyone with information should contact North Yorkshire Police on 101 select option 2 and ask for Katie Bell, alternatively, you can email katie.bell@northyorkshire.police.uk Please quote reference number 12220048095. If you wish to remain anonymous, you can pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. 