Fans are patiently awaiting the fourth season of Netflix’s hit romance series, Virgin River, which is expected to premiere this year. Actress Zibby Allen who starred as Brie gave fans an insight into her exciting new project.  Taking to Instagram, Allen posted a number of photos and videos which teased her new project away from the Netflix drama. The captain read: “Photo/vid dump of some quirky lil moments on latest project involving friends, their children, and alllll the dogs… in other words, paradise?” Among the collection, there was a snap of her in a car alongside Ryan Radis and a child at the back which could potentially hint at a family drama. The photo and video dump caused a huge frenzy in her comments with fans waiting for Virgin River while others wanted more details on her newest project. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Ken Barlow horrified over Jacob Hay's secret? @CoopersLawrence commented: “This is one heck of a crew. Looking forward to seeing what you guys are cooking up!” Fellow actress @MerylHathaway, wrote: “Awwww Yay,” with clapping emojis. @m.l.1204 added: “Just good and wholesome content to get us all through.” Other fans shared their admiration for the actress as they filled her comments section with red heart emojis. Virgin River fans were first introduced to Brie (Zibby Allen) when she made her first appearance in season three. She arrived to surprise her brother Jack Sheridan (Martin Henderson) who was the owner of the local bar. She was a powerhouse attorney, who had just popped in town to visit him after taking a small absence from work. However, things soon took a turn for Brie when she fell head over heels in love with Jack’s friend Brady (Ben Hollingsworth) DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Graham Foster 'returns from the dead' to help Meena? [THEORY]Death in Paradise’s Don Warrington speaks out on future of series [INSIGHT]Virgin River's Alexandra Breckenridge confirms she's filming [NEWS] While fans noticed she seemed closed off, the real reason for her visit was revealed when she admitted she wanted to be closer to her brother after experiencing a traumatic sexual assault. However, the season three finale saw Brady being arrested for the attempted murder of Jack after he was shot and found bleeding to death on the floor of his bar. This was a huge shock for Brie, as the man she had fallen in love with could’ve been the one who tried to kill her brother. As fans await the release of season four, it’s safe to say there will be an increase in drama as Brie will be forced to make a decision, even though Brady maintains his innocence. In the final moments, Brie was considering leaving Virgin River, but it's yet to be seen if she will really pack her bags. Actress Zibby Allen spoke to Hollywood Life about her character's fate and shared she wanted Brie to stay. She explained: “I never want to leave her, but we’ll see where she goes from here. I think there’s some real value in the fact that she could be honest with Mel and that friendship is just kicking off. “I think those two girls have a lot more to explore in terms of their friendship. I know that, certainly now, Mel could use a girlfriend. “I think it’d be a shame for Brie to leave just when she’s starting to form these relationships. I’ll be interested to see what Sue does if we’re lucky enough to get a season 4.” Virgin River is available on Netflix 