Aljaz Skorjanec, 32, announced less than an hour ago he would be leaving Strictly Come Dancing after nine years. It Takes Two presenter and wife of Aljaz, Janette Manrara, 38, has now taken to Instagram to bid an emotional farewell to her husband. Janette posted a picture of her husband along with a lengthy message in view of her 502,000 Instagram followers. It read: "I cannot express the sadness in my heart to see @aljazskorjanec say goodbye to @bbcstrictly, but at the same time there is so much joy in my heart for what he has brought to the show these past 9 years. "I have admired him from the day I met him for his passion for dancing, but more than anything for his kindness towards anyone he encounters. "As his wife and best friend, I could not be happier to know that he made so many smiles during his time in Strictly; not just those who were watching from home, but also those who work behind the scenes. READ MORE: Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts She continued: "He makes every single person he encounters feel absolutely special; ask any of his partners throughout the years. "He IS STRICTLY and what Strictly is all about; taking someone who wants to learn to dance, and making them truly fall in love with it." Janette then stated how "all good things come to an end", but there are always "new beginnings". She "cannot wait" for his next adventures, as she knows his plans will be centered with "kindness and love". She ended the post: "Thank you for giving him all of the love and support you have these past 9 years…. "And thank you @aljazskorjanec for always being my biggest inspiration in any and everything that I do. "May that long continue. I love you, and you and I will forever and always 'keep dancing'." Aljaz also took to Instagram to share a lengthy message announcing his departure from the show. DON'T MISS... Oscars viewers left reeling after Will Smith slaps Chris Rock [OSCARS] Frail Liza Minnelli, 76, leans on pal after being seen in a wheelchair [CONCERN] Nicole Kidman left open-mouthed as Will Smith slaps Chris Rock [LATEST] Many took to his post to wish him well and share their sadness over his departure from Strictly. Kai Widdrington said: "You will be missed brother, so happy I got to share the Strictly floor with you." Neil Jones added: "Bro you are going to be missed on the show by everyone especially me." Amy Dowden, who was saddened by the news, penned: "Ali Ali Ali, you have no idea how much you are going to be missed by everyone! "Your charm, energy, smile and most of all kindness! "Lots of love Ali always! ( I’m still calling for you to carry me btw)." (sic) Aljaz joined Strictly in its eleventh series and was partnered with Abbey Clancy. The pair won, making Aljaz the fourth professional to win their first series on the show. Since then, he has been partnered with the likes of This Morning's Alison Hammond, Hollyoaks' Gemma Atkinson, Dragons' Den's Sara Davies and model Daisy Lowe.