The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge spent an hour chatting to some of the 40 volunteers who have been working daily at the Ukrainian Cultural Centre to send aid to a hub in western Ukraine. The aid is then transferred to people on the front line.  In the social club in Holland Park, West London, which is packed with boxes of first aid, over-the-counter medicines, food for babies and adults, and military coats and socks, the couple spoke to volunteers taking calls from people all over Britain offering assistance. The Duchess of Cambridge appeared to fight back the tears today over the Ukraine crisis when visiting the Ukrainian Cultural Centre, alongside her husband Prince William, who insisted: "We are all behind you." Royal fans took no time to praise the couple on social media. Instagram user Cherishcelebrant said: "The care and compassion shown by Catherine- that HUGE hug, and William's genuine interest and concern are a joy to behold."  Another Instagram user, Nevermore.raven, wrote: "Our future King and Queen have hearts of gold. "Absolutely proud of you."Catherinsteck wrote on Instagram: "Catherine is the best thing happened to royal family." An Instagram user, Diancefrances1961 wrote: "Justice and welfare for the people is the most important thing. This video is beautiful." Another user, Frgranny said: "Praying for strength and healing for the people of Ukraine. "Such wonderful work being done everywhere to help. "Thank you to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge for their support and getting the word out to even more folks on how to help."  READ MORE: Harry ‘driving wedge’ through relationship with William The couple were shown around by the Ukrainian ambassador Vadym Prystaiko, his wife Inna, and Inna Hryhorovych, who set up the relief operation. They spoke about the dangers of a second disaster at Chernobyl and the impact on the rest of Europe of losing Ukraine's agricultural output. William said: "The irony is it brings Europe closer together. "Europe is closer together than it's ever been before because of Ukraine." The Cambridges took homemade chocolate brownies and granola bars from Kensington Palace for the volunteers.  DON'T MISS:Russia admits throwing conscripts into battle in UkraineHorror as cleaners find 10ft SNAKE dumped in town centre rubbishZelensky issues fresh call for West to impose Russian no fly zone They offered assistance from their charitable foundation for children and young people suffering from mental health problems. William and Kate said Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, six, had been affected by the Russian invasion. William said: "Ours have been coming home asking all about it." "They are obviously talking about it with their friends at school." He suggested he had found it difficult discussing some of it with his children, adding he had to "choose my words carefully to explain what is going on". In a side room, the two royals and their hosts spoke with Saleh Saeed, chief executive of the Disasters Emergency Committee, a group of 15 British charities channelling humanitarian aid to Ukraine. 