The boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, is accused of killing Ian Kirwan, 53, near the supermarket in Redditch. Emergency services were called to the scene after the victim was found fatally wounded on Tuesday evening, at around 7.20pm. Despite the best efforts of paramedics, Mr Kirwan was pronounced dead at the scene. A spokesperson for West Midlands Ambulance Service said two ambulances, two paramedics and two air ambulance critical car cars had been called to Jinnah Road. When they arrived, they found Mr Kirwan was in “a critical condition”. They said that ambulance staff administered “advanced life support”, but sadly it “became apparent nothing could be done to save him and he was confirmed dead at the scene.” READ MORE: Birmingham major incident: Police swoop on city after double stabbing Eleven young people from the south Birmingham area have since been arrested in connection with the stabbing. West Mercia Police has now revealed that one of those boys has been charged with murder. He is due to appear before Kidderminster Magistrates’ Court today (Friday). The boy remains in custody along with two other youths who are still being questioned by officers. DON'T MISS UK's list of 'probable nuclear targets' unearthed [REVEAL] Huge fire near hospital in Uxbridge [REPORT] Ukraine city readies thousands of Molotovs - braces for Russian attack [INSIGHT] One has been released on bail, while another seven have been released without further action. A spokesperson for the police force said: “Redditch Asda has now reopened and Safer Neighbourhood Officers are maintaining a highly visible presence in the town. “Officers continue to ask anyone who was in the area of Asda around the time of the incident and saw, or captured on dash cam, anything that could help enquiries to please get in touch. “Officers are currently offering Ian’s family their full support at this extremely difficult time.” Anyone with information or footage around the time of the incident have been asked to contact police, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.