Former Emmerdale star Gemma Atkinson has taken to Instagram to hit back at criticism over her latest clothing collection. The Strictly Come Dancing star, 37, was questioned over why the range isn't more inclusive and didn't carry garments in "tall" sizes. Taking to Instagram yesterday, the star revealed her excitement over her latest In The Style collection in view of her 1.7 million followers. Standing next to a rack of all her newest clothing, Gemma said: "Just finished the shoot, all the new gear is here lined up. "You're going to love this, we've gone for basically the stuff that you loved in the last range, we've just altered the colours so it's more spring, summer vibes. "We've got the orange a pop of colour, we've done a thinner legging for those who don't want to train but want to wear a legging in the day," she added, while holding up the sportswear. READ MORE: Rylan told to 'grow up' and stop ‘mincing about' amid Ukraine crisis Addressing the diverse variety of fabric, Gemma went on: "So we've got all different types of materials, the longer top as well and it's cut out at the back. "So yeah, we've covered pretty much everything. "We've got the zip detail again," Gemma said while holding up a sports bra and revealing the date for when the collection launches. She also left a question box for her followers to find out more about the new range. Earlier today, the star finally got round to responding to her curious fans' questions. Posing in the range, Gemma looked stunning as she modelled her latest collection. However, one Instagram user questioned the Strictly star over why the range is not more inclusive. They wrote in: "Why is there not a tall range please? DON'T MISS... Martin Lewis issues warning after addressing 'dangerous' issue [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan slams 'terrible mistake of letting Russia take Ukraine' [ANALYSIS]Strictly's John Whaite admits changing name after being mocked [UPDATE] "Our options are very limited already!" Responding, Gemma reassured them that having a tall range was something she would be considering in the future. She replied: "I'm 5'9 so on the tall side and the lengths still work so well in the legging! "We've got full length and cropped length options and based on feedback will be incorporating more size options going forward," she added. However, the star revealed that she had created more clothing items for people who had other concerns. Someone asked: "Can you do more t-shirts, not everyone has the body for crop tops?" Gemma wrote back reassuring them that she had included longer-length tops following feedback from earlier collections. She penned: "Had that feedback last time so as well as the new tees we've done this one."