The couple is raising Lilibet and Archie, their firstborn, who is nearly three years old, in California, US, where they live after stepping back from their royal duties. But would the couple go on to have a third child? Here’s what Prince Harry stands for. Harry talked about how many children he would like to have back in September 2019, when he interviewed the primatologist and anthropologist, Dr Jane Goodall, for Vogue magazine. Meghan Markle co-edited that month’s issue of the magazine and baby Archie was four months old at the time. While discussing with Ms Goodall, Harry brought up his environmental sensitivities, saying: “What we need to remind everybody is: these are things that are happening now. “We are already living in it. We are the frog in the water and it’s already been brought to the boil. Which is terrifying.” Ms Goodall agreed: “Happening and happened. It is terrifying.” And added: “Especially as you’ve just had a baby.” Harry laughed at this remark, and responded: “I know.” To which Ms Goodall responded by asking him: “Well, it does make it different, doesn’t it?” And the Prince went on to talk about his views about parenthood and the responsibilities towards the new generations to come. He said: “It does make it different. I think, weirdly, because of the people that I’ve met and the places that I’ve been fortunate enough to go to, I’ve always had a connection and a love for nature. “I view it differently now, without question.” And continued: “But I’ve always wanted to try and ensure that, even before having a child and hoping to have children…” Ms Goodall rushed to add, laughing: “Not too many!” And Prince Harry replied: “Two, maximum!” And he continued: “But I’ve always thought: this place is borrowed. “And, surely, being as intelligent as we all are, or as evolved as we all are supposed to be, we should be able to leave something better behind for the next generation." Ms Goodall claimed that the future is “stolen” from the new generations. She said: “But, in fact, we’ve stolen their future. Not all of it. But we’ve got to try and pay a little of it back. “And get together to try and heal some of the harm, and at least slow down climate change." And Harry replied: “What I love about your work is that you focus on the younger generation.