Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has sent fuel prices soaring with fears that petrol prices could soar to more than £2 at some forecourts. But CEO of Balance Power, Phil Thompson said there was “always going to become a crunch on the markets”, despite the ongoing conflict. Britain is estimated to source less than five percent of its gas from Russia with the bulk of supplies coming from the North Sea and other European countries. Mr Thompson said the UK’s “lights aren’t going to go out” due to a shortage but the UK is “very susceptible to the movement in global gas prices”. He added that even a “de-escalation” won’t see prices come down adding that “this is going to play on for quite some time”.   Speaking on the measures to alleviate the pressure Mr Thompson said there isn’t anything that can be done “in the short term” but instead long term solutions should be implemented “as quickly as possible”. He said: “A large rollout of renewables and other infrastructure that is going to create a homegrown energy network which reduces our reliance on foreign gas supplies. “We just need to remove ourselves from that volatility and if we remove ourselves from our volatility, we're then going to people are going to be less exposed to fuel poverty and things like that in the long term. “But there is no quick fix.   “It's just an all hands to the pump to get the projects there which allow us to then take the wall down or take the gas away. And then and then we have less exposure. “We compare it to, if you were knocking a wall down in your house, you would support the roof and the ceiling before knocking it down. “There's a huge push at the minute to just start knocking walls down which can be dangerous. So it has to be done in the right manner. “But then there's going to be a lot of pressure for people to move away from gas and this is only going to intensify that pressure.” READ MORE: Fuel hits £2-a-litre in the UK for the first time ever  In the UK, drivers have been hit with an 18 year high as the average price of a litre of petrol rose 159.6p this week, according to the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy. The average diesel price rose from 167.4p to 158.6p over the same period.These are the highest weekly increases in records dating back to June 2003. Currently, fuel prices are rising at a rate of around 5p a day with experts warning a litre of unleaded petrol could top £2 a day and Diesel soaring to £3. DON'T MISS:Ukraine: Brits can house Ukrainian refugees after Priti Patel came under fire | UK | News | Express.co.ukNicola Sturgeon lambasted over Ukraine no-fly zone comment - ‘Hawkish military statements | UK | News | Express.co.ukFears that overhaul of car tax system would hit working class  Balance Power specialises in developing clean energy projects through to the “shovel ready stage”. Mr Thompson says the long-term solution is green energy and a “resilient and cheap” electricity network. He added: “For us is it's a lot of investments into green hydrogen, battery energy storage, more solar, more wind, the more assets we can put on the ground, the more people are going to be less suffering to the volatility of prices, because hopefully, in the near rather than the distant future, there will be an abundance of generation and storage technologies. “If we're going to fully decarbonize the economy, and we're going to shift transport, which is currently on petrol or on to electric, if we're going to move homes off gas to electric that electricity network needs to be really resilient and cheap, otherwise, that transition will not happen quickly.” From April 1, the UK’s energy price cap will rise from £1,277 to £1,971, a £693 per year increase for the average customer. On top of rising energy prices, food price inflation hit 4.3 percent in February, the highest since September 2013 and the annual inflation rate hit 5.5 percent in January. 