Winter Fuel Payment, Cold Weather Payment and Warm Home Discount are all available to low income households to help them meet the added costs of winter. Households that qualify are urged to claim as soon as possible as the deadline for most of these schemes is the end of March. This benefit offers between £100 and £300 to help Britons pay for their heating bills during the coldest months of the year. Britons who get state pension or another social security benefit that is not Housing Benefit, Council Tax Reduction, Child Benefit or Universal Credit will get the payment automatically. However, households that qualify under other criteria or should have received their payment but have not yet will need to claim before the deadline of March 31, 2022.  To qualify for Winter Fuel Payments both of the following must apply:  This winter season, the qualifying week was 20 to 26 September 2021. Households can still be eligible if they weren’t in the UK during the qualifying week and both of the following applied:    However, those living in Cyprus, France, Gibraltar, Greece, Malta, Portugal or Spain are not eligible for the payment as the average winter temperature is higher than the warmest region of the UK. Britons who don’t qualify for Winter Fuel Payment could still be eligible for Cold Weather Payments or the Warm Home Discount Scheme. Cold Weather Payments offer £25 to eligible households for every seven consecutive days of extremely cold weather in their area. This can be temperatures forecast or recorded below zero degrees, with some households having had multiple triggers this winter earning them £75. The scheme is active from November 1 to March 31 each year, with payments being automatic to eligible households. To be eligible for Cold Weather Payments, claimants must be receiving at least one of the following benefits: This scheme provides £140 discount on qualifying household electric bills during winter. The money is paid directly to one’s supplier as a one-off discount between September and March. Britons can qualify for the scheme if they receive the Guarantee Credit element of Pension Credit, which will place them in the core group, or if they are on a low income and meet their energy supplier’s criteria, this is known as the ‘broader group’. Britons that fall under the broader group are urged to contact their supplier as soon as possible as each supplier has a limited amount of discounts to give out.