As it has for the last few seasons, those pesky rumours linking Chelsea midfielder Jorginho with a move back to Serie A have once again emerged. The Euro 2020 winner’s agent Joao Santos recently stated the former Napoli ace would like to return to Italy one day. “To Juventus next year? Since Sarri was there, we talk about Juve, but at the moment Chelsea can't move anything on the transfer market. We have to see what happens,” Pedro said to Radio Marte, via Calciomercato. “Obviously Juventus are an important team at European level, we have to see. He arrived in Italy when he was 15, obviously he would like to return one day.” Jorginho’s crisp and composed passing abilities have been the perfect counterbalance to the predatory defensive instincts of his midfield partner N’Golo Kante. Both players were even in the race to win the Ballon d’Or only for Lionel Messi to pip the Blues’ midfielders to the individual prize. READ MORE: Chelsea's forgotten man being eyed up by Jose Mourinho There are very few players in European football who can receive the ball on the turn and offload it to the attackers in the same way as Jorginho. But while he is still behind Jorginho in experience and ability, a returning Billy Gilmour could be best placed to inherit the Italian’s responsibilities. In comparison with his midfield counterparts at Stamford Bridge, the Norwich City loanee is the closest resemblant to Jorginho. At the end of the season, Gilmour will return to west London from Carrow Road with more resilience, experience, and strength after a very difficult campaign with the relegation battlers. DON'T MISS: Mourinho unimpressed with Maitland-Niles and targets Man Utd star (NEWS)Mourinho performs transfer U-turn as Tottenham 'closely' monitor (TRANSFERS)Jose Mourinho savaged as Roma boss is 'doing worse than at Tottenham' (INSIGHT) Even if his loan spell with the Canaries does end in relegation, Gilmour’s early performances for the Blues under Lampard and the early stages of Tuchel’s reign have provided more than enough insight into his ability. Tuchel’s recent propensity to overhaul his preferred 3-4-3 formation in favour of a more free-flowing 4-3-3 or 4-2-3-1 formation would suit the Scottish international’s game. Kante’s recent deployment on the right-hand side of a midfield three and Mason Mount’s industrious performances from the left-hand side may well have offered the Blues a snapshot of how Chelsea could set up next season. Conor Gallagher is also scheduled to return to the club after his sensational loan spell at Crystal Palace, while the confidence and fitness of Ruben Loftus-Cheek looks to have returned. With the embarrassment of midfield riches at his disposal next season, Tuchel may look to maximise their capabilities with a formation that compliments three central midfielders instead of two. If the former Paris Saint-Germain boss does come to this decision, then Gilmour could soon find himself protecting the Chelsea back four, as he did so impressively in his unforgettable debut against Liverpool in 2020.