The company said it believed the deal is the largest compensation package in the British Marine Sector. P&O Ferries said 40 employees are to receive more than £100,000 in payouts linked to the employees period of service. Some employees will receive more than £170,000, according to the ferry operator. A P&O Ferries spokesperson said: "This has been an incredibly tough decision for the business: to make this choice or face taking the company into administration. "This would have meant the loss of 3,000 jobs and the end of P&O Ferries. "In making this hard choice, we have guaranteed the future viability of P&O Ferries, avoided large-scale and lengthy disruption, and secured Britain’s trading capacity."  The total value of the financial settlement is £36,541,648 with 575 of the 786 seafarers affected in discussions to take the severance offers further. P&O Ferries said employees are being given support to find new jobs and an employee help programme has been made available. It comes as business minister Paul Scully warned P&O Ferries could face prosecution if it is considered to have broken the law over the sacking of 800 seafarers. Mr Scully told the BBC's Radio 4 Today programme: "If they have flouted the notification law where they are supposed to tell the Secretary of State when they are going to make more than a hundred people redundant, then there are criminal sanctions involved in that, including an unlimited fine.  READ MORE ABOUT SICK PAY RULE CHANGES "We have reserved the right to approach the prosecuting authorities should that be the right thing to do." Mr Scully said Transport Secretary Grant Shapps was reviewing all Government contracts and dealings with the company and its owner, DP World. He added: "They need to realise that the relationship between the companies and the Government has changed as a result of their absolutely callous (conduct)." Asked if that could include a £25 million subsidy to DP World to help develop London Gateway as a freeport, Mr Scully said: "We will look into all of these things as part of this."  DON'T MISS: Dr Shola in incredible attack on Queen 'day of reckoning for royals' [LATEST] 'They're getting cross!' Prince William and Kate in stitches [REVEALED] Flight from Frankfurt-Houston U-turns after 7700 squawk alert [REPORT] The chairs of two Commons committees have also demanded bosses from P&O Ferries and DP World attend an evidence session on Thursday to explain what happened. P&O Ferries chief executive Peter Hebblethwaite has been asked to appear at the joint hearing of the Business, Energy and Industry Strategy Committee and the Transport Committee.  DP World has been urged to send a representative with the two committee chairs, Labour MP Darren Jones and Tory MP Huw Merriman, requesting ministers also provide evidence. On Monday, the Government announced P&O Ferries vessels would be blocked from sailing if they fail safety checks. The warning came amid claims Indian seafarers replacing sacked crews are being paid £1.81 an hour. Mr Shapps said the Maritime and Coastguard Agency had been instructed to inspect the company's ferries prior to them being able to re-enter service to ensure the new crews proposed for them are safe and properly trained.  He told MPs: "If they are not these ships will not sail." Sacked P&O workers watched in the House of Commons public gallery as concerns were raised about the ferry operator, bought by Dubai-based logistics firm DP World in 2019. P&O Ferries provoked widespread criticism last Thursday when 800 workers were fired via a pre-recorded video message. 