A range of heavy measures have been taken against Russia since Vladimir Putin sent his forces into Ukraine four weeks ago. Perhaps the most dramatic of these has been the imposition of sanctions on Russia’s central bank, preventing Moscow from getting its hands on much of its own money (and, of course, Russian civilians from theirs). Sergey Lavrov has admitted he failed to see this coming, and branded the move “thievery”. He told students at Russia’s main foreign relations university today, on Wednesday, March 23: “When they [froze] the central bank reserves, nobody who was predicting what sanctions the West would pass could have pictured that. It's just thievery.” Foreign intelligence analysts warned before the invasion Russia had succeeded in essentially making its economy “sanction-proof”. But the freezing of Russia’s foreign reserves came as a particularly hard blow. Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov admitted this made around $300billion (£225billion) out of its $643billion (£485billion) in foreign reserves inaccessible. The EU has also disconnected several Russian banks from SWIFT, a service responsible for the execution of financial transitions between international banks. Russia’s economy – with a GDP lower than that of Italy and already outside of the world’s top 10 – is now under serious pressure. The Kremlin has stressed it will respond in kind to those who commit “unfriendly actions”. Financial Times Moscow Bureau Chief Max Seddon described Lavrov’s response to the measures as perhaps “the first major admission of how taken aback Moscow was by Western sanctions”. READ MORE: Major blow for Putin as manufacturer stops making tanks – reports The sanctions formed part of what strategist and author George Friedman described as the invasion’s impact of bringing the US and Europe “close than before”. But the West is now also having the consider the effect on sanctions against Russia on its own shores. Aly-Khan Satchu, founder and CEO of an investment advisory firm, warned in a post on Twitter it will not be possible to impose sanctions designed to inflict “maximum pain” for Russia will also “minimising financial stability risks and price stability risks in the West”. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Foreign Secretary Liz Truss conceded late last month “the UK and our allies will have to undergo some economic hardship as a result of our sanctions” – a particularly difficult message in the midst of a cost-of-living crisis. But she added: “Our hardships are nothing compared to those endured by the people of Ukraine.” The EU has today announced it is loosening its state aid rules for companies affected by the sanctions on Russia. The European Commission said these can get up to 400,000 euros (£333,000) in support. Companies facing a liquidity crunch can also now get state guarantees on loans, according to reports.