Manchester United are reportedly weeks away from appointing a new manager as their hunt for Ralf Rangnick's permanent replacement edges ever closer to its conclusion. Paris Saint-Germain head coach Mauricio Pochettino and Ajax boss Erik ten Hag remain the frontrunners, however there's growing speculation that Real Madrid's Carlo Ancelotti could soon be made available.  United have upped their efforts to conclude their managerial search in recent weeks as talks have been held with numerous candidates. United chiefs are believed to have interviewed Ten Hag on Monday, however, according to the Daily Mail, he isn't the only option who has spoken with the club's new chief executive Richard Arnold. Former Tottenham manager Pochettino is also thought have held discussions with United's football director John Murtough some weeks ago, with a formal interview expected to take place imminently. United sources reportedly revealed on Thursday that the recruitment process is going as planned with the club's next manager expected to be agreed upon in the coming weeks. The Red Devils face growing pressure to make an appointment amid reports that both Ten Hag and Pochettino are attracting interest from other top teams around Europe. Ten Hag is said to have been approached by two clubs competing in the Champions League, with one such offer thought to be tempting. READ MORE: Barcelona shirt numbers Robert Lewandowski could wear with 'contract offer prepared'  Pochettino, on the other hand, has been heavily linked with Real Madrid as Ancelotti's future continues to be called into question. Under the Italian, Los Blancos have amassed a nine-point lead atop the La Liga summit and have secured passage to the Champions League quarter-finals where they will play current holders Chelsea next month. Despite this, bosses at the Santiago Bernabeu are rumoured to be unhappy at Real Madrid's current style of play and are considering a managerial change come the end of the season. Should that be the case, Pochettino is considered the favourite to take over in the Spanish capital. DON'T MISSRuud van Nistelrooy’s opinion on Solskjaer sacking with Man Utd return possible[QUOTES]Achraf Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Lionel Messi and Neymar 'don't speak to him' [GOSSIP]Arsenal 'begin charm offensive' to beat two clubs to Darwin Nunez transfer [GOSSIP]  The potentially impending managerial merry-go-round could see Ancelotti made available in the summer, however it appears United are not willing to wait that long. The two other names on the club's alleged four-man shortlist are Sevilla head coach Julen Lopetegui and Spain national team coach Luis Enrique. Another who may well be considered is that of Roberto Mancini. Following Italy's World Cup heartbreak at the hands of North Macedonia on Thursday night, the former Manchester City manager admitted his future as coach of the Azzurri is now uncertain. 