Princess Eugenie is the "happiest member of the Royal Family" according to a new study. Researchers at TonerGiant have studied portraits and photos to generate the average happiness level of each member of the Royal Family and reveal how their happiness level compares to their contemporaries. The study found that Kate Middleton is happier than Meghan Markle based on publicly photographed images.  However, it was Princess Eugenie who ranked as the happiest member of the Windsor family according to her facial expressions in photos. She scored an average happiness level of 89.4 out of 100, which is 52 percent above the average happiness level of the Windsor family members. But what does Eugenie’s body language reveal about her happiness? The Princess of York recently travelled to the USA to visit her cousin Prince Harry and his wife, Meghan Markle.  READ MORE: Horoscopes: Gemini has 'useful' trait in love but must 'stop worrying' For Valentine’s Day, Eugenie posted a picture of her and her husband Jack Brooksbank onto Instagram looking very happy to be in California. Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to analyse the Princess’ body language. She said: “This is such a sweet pose and doubly romantic in sentiment because of the very happy, carefree and fun message from the couple’s body language. “Eugenie looks very childlike here, standing with her hands held out as though frozen in a moment of excitement and delight as she is covered with blossom from the tree.  “Even her toes are pointed slightly inward in a very youthful-looking gesture and her grin suggests spontaneous happiness. “Jack shares the moment beside her and the way his arm is raised suggests he might even have been shaking a branch to get the blossoms cascading onto his wife. “This is probably one of the most understated but romantic Valentine gestures ever, especially as he seems so confident of his wife’s appreciation and enjoyment. “The pose shows the emotional synchronicity between the couple, with both sharing the spontaneous and rather un-royal moment with the public.”  The study also analysed portraits and photos of British monarchs since 1702. With a more diverse pool of photography available to analyse than historical monarchs, Queen Elizabeth II is the happiest monarch of all time, according to the research. She ranks first in the analysis with an incredible 592 percent above the average happiness score and is the only Monarch that has a happy result. Queen Elizabeth II is followed by her father King George VI and her uncle King Edward VIII.  The study even went so far as to analyse the Queen’s happiness levels and how they varied by decade. The happiest decade in Queen Elizabeth’s reign was the 1990s, according to the emotion recognition analysis of photos of her taken then. Her public happiness level has decreased since, with an average score on the happiness level of 47 out of 100 in the last decade. In contrast, her unhappiest decade was reportedly the 1970s. 