Tottenham have an opportunity to get one over bitter rivals Arsenal this summer in attempting to steal Memphis Depay away from Barcelona. Reports in Spain over the weekend stated that Tottenham are 'leading the race' to sign Depay just one season after he joined Barcelona. The Holland international was signed by Barcelona last summer as his contract with Lyon expired. Before that, Depay had been linked with a switch to Arsenal with reports suggesting Mikel Arteta was keen on signing the Dutchman. Heading into the 2020 summer transfer window, Arsenal were unsure whether Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang would be staying at the club. Eventually, the Gunners opted to give in to Aubameyang's wage demands and hand him a lucrative three-year contract. But the move ultimately backfired for Arsenal with the Gabon international failing to rediscover his best form after signing the new contract. Things went from bad to worse before Aubameyang was made an outcast by Arteta after another disciplinary breach before he was allowed to leave in January to join Barcelona. JUST IN: Arsenal star Alexandre Lacazette called out in captains meeting  The 32-year-old has hit the ground running in Spain, scoring an impressive seven goals in as many La Liga matches with two coming in the strong 4-0 win over Real Madrid last time out. Ironically, Aubameyang's move to Barcelona could now make Depay available for transfer this summer. The Gunners are desperate to reinforce their striking department at the end of the season. But it appears as though north London rivals Tottenham could steal a march on a move for Depay. The 28-year-old may have seen his minutes diminish since the January window, but he's still enjoyed an impressive debut campaign at the Nou Camp with 10 league goals in 15 starts. Depay could leave Barcelona this summer though with Nou Camp officials looking at signing players such as Erling Haaland, Mohamed Salah, Raphinha and Robert Lewandowski. DON'T MISS  Tottenham boss Antonio Conte will be expecting to be backed in the summer transfer window and Depay could prove to be a bargain buy. Still in his prime years, Depay has been scoring goals for fun on the world stage with 11 goals in his last eight international appearances. Dejan Kulusevski has been a welcome addition to Conte's attacking options with the Sweden international chipping in to help Harry Kane and Son Heung-min. But adding Depay to their options would only bolster Conte's attacking department even further. And getting one over rivals Arsenal in the process would be an added bonus.