These bonds have been popular with Britons since they were launched in the 1950s. But with the next prize draw just a week away, is there anything people can do to boost their chance of winning? In just over a week’s time the NS&I Premium Bond millionaires will be announced for April. As well as making two new millionaires, the Government backed savings provider will also see other people win cash prizes of £25 and upwards. One question that comes up time and again is ‘can I boost my chances of winning the NS&I premium bonds?’ Although it would seem that some areas of the UK are luckier than others, organisers have confirmed that each premium bond has the same chance of winning. READ MORE: ‘We’re bitterly disappointed’ Pensioners urged to check benefits Newer bonds appear to have a better chance of winning. However, this is because 95 percent of all Premium Bonds have been bought since 2000. The only way to increase one’s chance of winning is to increase the number of Premium Bonds owned. That said, some areas of the UK have played host to more winners. DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis shares the wage you WON’T pay more tax under NI hike [INSIGHT]60 Lloyds, Bank of Scotland and Halifax branches to shut [WARNING]State pension: DWP makes new commitment to triple lock [UPDATE] People are more likely to win if they live in the South West of England. Six people from the region won the £1million jackpot last year. In 2021, the South West scooped up a quarter (25 percent) of the £1million jackpots. That’s despite the fact that they owned just 12.9 percent of all Premium Bonds to start with.  More than two million Premium Bond prizes worth a combined £74million remain unclaimed. Anyone who has bought Premium Bonds since they were first launched in the 1950s should check all their numbers. People could be owed anywhere between £25 and £100,000. Some of the unclaimed prizes date back to when the scheme first started in 1957. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Winners are usually notified when they’ve won. However, they might miss out if they’ve moved house and forgotten to update their address details. People can check on the NS&I website, ask Alexa or download the app. The winners are drawn on the 1st of every month, so the next British millionaires will be announced on April 1 2022.