Criminals are increasingly turning to Texts and WhatsApp as their weapon of choice by impersonating family members or friends who are in difficulty. There has been an increasing number of reports of ‘Friend in need’ scams in recent months. Scammers send messages that appear to come from a friend or family member asking for personal information, money, or a six-digit PIN number. The messages are sent from the compromised accounts of your friends, so they look as if they’re coming from someone you know, or from an unknown number claiming to be a friend who has lost their phone or been "locked out" of their account. These kinds of scams are particularly cruel as they prey on our kindness and desire to help friends and family. Do you have a question for our Scam Watch experts? Please email personal.finance@reachplc.com and include the word "scam watch" in the subject line. Unfortunately, we can't respond to every email. READ MORE: 'Anybody can fall victim' - Britons warned of 'convincing' scam after retiree loses £800k Examples of the "friend in need schemes" we have seen include: DON'T MISSCouple loses £77,000 in ‘devastating’ scam [WARNING] HSBC issues scam alert after fraudsters use ‘deplorable’ tactics [BANKING] Don't open this Facebook Messenger message! [SCAM] READ MORE: Couple loses £77,000 in ‘devastating’ scam [WARNING] /finance/personalfinance/1586063/scam-warning-bank-fraud-transfer-lloyds-bank HSBC issues scam alert after fraudsters use ‘deplorable’ tactics [BANKING] /finance/personalfinance/1586825/hsbc-bank-scam-warning-ukraine-charities Don't open this Facebook Messenger message! [SCAM] /life-style/science-technology/1585774/Facebook-Messenger-Look-what-I-found-text-message-scam How can I protect myself from these scams? Take Five before you respond. Make sure your WhatsApp two-step verification is switched on to protect your account; that you're happy with your privacy settings, and your six-digit pin is secure. Verify that it really is your friend or family member by calling them directly or asking them to share a voice note. Only when you’re 100 percent sure the request is from someone you know and trust, should you consider it. If it turns out to be untrue, report It to Action Fraud. My mum has responded to one of these scams and she sent £500. What can she do about it? Speak to the bank she banks with. Ask them to consider a refund. There is a specific code set up for these cases, so the bank should consider all the facts you give them. We would also ask you to report it to Action Fraud. Check the email address that sent the message. You can do this by clicking on the email address – this will not put you at any risk. The sending email address should come from an email that includes “gov.uk” such as @notifications.service.gov.uk If you are using a desktop, you can hover the mouse over any active links (but don’t click) to check they make sense - the main NHS website is www.nhs.uk If you are not sure google NHS and COVID test to find the right link and follow the link from Google. STOP others being a cybercrime victim by reporting scams and suspicious emails. Forward the scam email to report@phishing.gov.uk. Use Rightly to stop fraudsters sharing your data exposing you to scams.