Jason Antoon is a key member of the NCIS Hawaii cast, portraying cyber intelligence specialist Ernie Malik. The CBS drama follows a new team around the stunning island state as they investigate unsolved murders, kidnappings and various mysteries around the navy and marines. As they try to focus on the job at hand, fans are starting to find out little nuggets of information about each of the characters' personal lives. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Hawaii.In the season one episode Broken, Ernie Malik (played by Jason Antoon) finds himself trapped with a man who is ready to end his life due to losing someone that he loved. To try and show he can relate to him, Ernie revealed that he is divorced, telling the man he couldn't make someone be in love with him. His speech concluded on a positive note, sharing that he would be able to find that feeling again but while speaking to Lucy Tara (Yasmine Al-Bustami) later on, Ernie darkly stated that "love is pain". It isn't yet clear what happened in Ernie's marriage but fans are hoping it won't impact his new relationship with his HPD (Honolulu Police Department) girlfriend. READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' Despite his love life in NCIS Hawaii not always going to plan, it is a very different story for Ernie actor Jason Antoon away from the cameras. He is married to American actress Seana Kofoed who has featured in a number of television series over the years. These have included Men in Trees, Vamped Out, Donna's Revenge, Electric City, The Young and the Restless, Borderline Talent, American Princess and Claws. She also made an appearance alongside her husband Antoon in NCIS Hawaii. So far, Kofoed has been in five episodes of NCIS Hawaii season one as Medical Examiner Carla Chase. She is a minor recurring character in the police procedural and could return at any time in the series, although a comeback hasn't been confirmed. Few details are known about their relationship but the couple has been married since December 2010. Every now and again, actress Kofoed shares a few behind-the-scenes family snaps with their son and daughter. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street twist as Daisy Midgeley uncovers link to Sean Tully? [THEORY]NCIS NOLA’s CCH Pounder lines up exciting new role [CAST]NCIS season 19: Jessica Knight's life in danger? [SPOILER] Most recently, the family-of-four took a picture of them on a beach in Hawaii. Kofoed's caption on Instagram read: "Our first luau! Loved the performances, the coconut cracking tips, and the company!" Back in November, the 51-year-old also wished her husband a happy birthday. Sharing a picture of Antoon swimming with a dolphin, she posted: "Happy birthday to the man who can make even the crankiest dolphin smile. We love you so!". Antoon will be at the centre of the next investigation in NCIS Hawaii's Breach. The synopsis says: "When a ransomware attempt causes a dam to malfunction, Ernie and a team of hackers are tasked to find the culprit quickly, before all power and water is cut off on the island. "Also, Lucy and Whistler work together, giving Whistler a chance to apologize to Lucy and mend their relationship." NCIS Hawaii is available to watch every Monday on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced.