The Mercedes to be driven by Lewis Hamilton and George Russell this year has been branded a 'handful' by F1 hero Martin Brundle. The assessment came alongside an ominous prediction for the Silver Arrows, with ground to make up on their rivals as the new season closes in. Mercedes have their own incredibly high standards to follow in 2022, having scooped up the last eight available Constructors' Championships. Despite a promising run-out in Barcelona, hiccups took hold during last week's pre-season tests in Bahrain which saw Hamilton and Russell slip down the pecking order. Both Brits have complained of understeer on their W13 while the problem of porpoising on long straights has been clear for all to see. The extent of Mercedes' true performance remains a matter of debate, with some claiming that their troublesome few days could merely be the result of mind games against their opposition. DON'T MISS: Mercedes face FIA investigation with Red Bull and Ferrari set to appeal W13 upgrades But Brundle, who achieved nine podiums in his own F1 career, is not so sure. He told Sky Sports: "The [Mercedes] car looks a handful but who would you put in front of them? I'd go Mercedes [in third]. "Don't write them off Mercedes. I'm sure when they turn up - even in Race One - they'll be quite a bit faster." Anthony Davidson added: "I still feel like there's more in it, but it just doesn't look good to drive and [it's] sparked by the bouncing issues they have." While the Silver Arrows have been sent back to the drawing board with a matter of days to go until lights out in Sakhir, plaudits have poured in for Ferrari and Red Bull. The former are described as 'the darlings of the paddock' after their impressive pre-season campaign, while Red Bull's Max Verstappen posted the fastest lap on the final day. Significant Prancing Horse improvements bode well for talented duo Carlos Sainz and Charles Leclerc, who helped the team towards a solid third-place finish in 2021. And Red Bull promise will excite Verstappen who, after a hugely controversial title win back in December, will have a serious point to prove. "Red Bull for me came away [from testing] as the clear favourites," continued Brundle. "I have absolutely no doubts in my mind that the aero package on the Red Bull took a significant step forward today. "Red Bull have moved the game on today in terms of raw pace, long run pace. "They've been smiling all day. I think the pieces they put on the car suddenly made the whole car look better."