A coalition of groups in Caribbean countries have united to push for reparations from Britain for the slave trade while also demanding the Queen be removed as their nations' head of state. The black and indigenous groups across Jamaica, Belize and the Bahamas are making their push after the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge toured the countries last week. Prince William and Kate's trip was marred by PR blunders and protests. By the trip’s conclusion, both Jamaica and Belize’s governments signalled an intent to decouple from the monarchy and become a republic. Earlier this month, Emily Zobel Marshall, an academic whose research focuses on Caribbean culture, gave her view on why the relationship between Caribbean countries and the monarchy has suffered. She told The Guardian that rather than going on the charm offensive, the royals should be facilitating conversation around independence and reparations. Ms Zobel Marshall added: “We’ve had centuries of enslavement, followed by colonialism in the Caribbean. "The damage that has been done economically and historically by Britain is vast, and the legacies of that are ongoing. To still have the Queen as the head of state, in this day and age, is baffling to me. “I think it’s important symbolically not to be a part of that hierarchy. It’s important for Caribbean countries to be proud of themselves in their own right and to be untethered from Britain.” The academic also claimed that William and Kate's trip suggested “there’s clearly an anxiety in the Royal Family about other English-speaking countries pulling out of the Commonwealth”. Ms Zobel Marshall added: “I think that having the Queen as head of state in the Caribbean is locked into that way of thinking, that sense of superiority, that nostalgia for the past when Britain ruled the waves. "Instead of sending the beautiful couple out there to woo the Royal Family back into favour, they should be talking about what’s best for the Caribbean nations.” Speaking in Jamaica last week, the Duke of Cambridge condemned Britain’s role in slavery, although he didn't apologise. He said: “I strongly agree with my father, the Prince of Wales, who said in Barbados last year, that the appalling atrocity of slavery forever stains our history. “I want to express my profound sorrow. Slavery was abhorrent. And it should never have happened.” The Royal Family's links to the slave trade can be traced back to the 16th century. In 1562, John Hawkins was the first known English person to include enslaved Africans in his cargo, a journey that was approved by Queen Elizabeth I. READ MORE: Queen 'reluctantly' gave into royal demands to sideline Andrew In 1564, Hawkins arranged another voyage, for which Elizabeth I funded a vessel. In 1660, the Royal African Company was established by the Duke of York, who later became King James II. The Royal African Company transported more than 187,000 slaves from Africa to English colonies in North, Central and South America between 1672 and 1731. Between 1690 and 1807, an estimated six million enslaved Africans were transported from west Africa to the Americas on British or Anglo-American ships. The slave trade was protected by the Royal Family and Parliament. Jamaica isn't the only Caribbean country looking to move into a new chapter. In November, Barbados made an historic decision to remove Queen Elizabeth II as their head of state. DON'T MISS William and Charles overruled by Queen on Andrew’s memorial role [INSIGHT] ‘Outgoing’ Princess Charlotte compared to Diana - ‘Initially shy’ [ANALYSIS] Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [INSIGHT] The new era for Barbados ends Britain's centuries of influence, including more than 200 years when the island was a hub for the transatlantic slave trade. To signify the official change of power, a final salute was made to the British monarchy and the Royal Standard flag was lowered and replaced. Prince Charles spoke as a guest at the event in November when the decision was announced, calling for a continued strong relationship between the UK and Barbados. The Queen sent the country her "warmest good wishes" for "happiness, peace and prosperity in the future" and said the nation holds a "special place" in her heart. Dame Sandra Mason, who was sworn in as President, said: "Vessel Republic Barbados has set sail on her maiden voyage. "May she weather all storms and land our country and citizens safely on the horizons and shores which are ahead of us.”