Richard Hammond, known worldwide for presenting BBC’s Top Gear and Amazon’s The Grand Tour with Jeremy Clarkson and James May, will be the face of Channel 4’s Crazy Contraptions, “a popular science programme like no other” with a Robot Wars-style competitive element to it. While announcing the move, Richard described the show as “totally leftfield entertainment”. The former Top Gear star began: “I’m convinced the series will be a great watch for all the family. "(It will) not only providing totally leftfield entertainment but also presenting science and engineering in a fun and accessible manner," he told Deadline. The show will see a number of teams going head-to-head to build their own Chain Reaction Machines, mechanisms that are made from everyday materials that complete basic domestic tasks in the most complicated way possible. Having access to a workshop and purpose-built home environment to test their invention, the hopeful competitors will be given the challenge each week of designing, creating and showcasing a new construction. READ MORE:Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now?  At the end of each episode, their inventions will be judged based on their ingenuity, design and build quality, and the losing team will be sent packing. Even Richard had a go at building his very own mechanism revealing his “failed attempt made me appreciate the talent, creativity and determination shown by our teams”. It will be the presenter’s first programme with the broadcaster, following his previous work for the BBC, Sky, ITV and others. While the show will air on Channel 4, it's being produced by the independent company, Optomen.  Its Co-CEO Nick Hornby added upon the announcement: “There is something truly magical about watching Chain Reaction Machines in action. "But to get to that point requires ingenious design, first-class building skills and a bit of luck.” And Head of Factual Programming at Channel 4, Shaminder Nahal echoed this excitement. She took to Twitter to share the news and penned: "An exciting new show coming soon to @Channel4 - the brilliant world of chain reaction machines in a new popular science format @RichardHammond Crazy Contraptions made by @optomen." With the project still in its very early stages, a release date for Richard's newest venture is yet to be announced. And it isn't the only series involving Richard that fans are desperate for news on as a return date for the next Grand Tour also remains a mystery. The trio of Richard, James and Jeremy haven't been seen on Amazon Prime Video since the latest special, Carnage A Trois, premiered in December last year. However, Jeremy did confirm filming was well underway on the next special earlier this month with a sneak peek behind the scenes on Instagram.  In a nod to show his support for Ukraine amid the ongoing war against Russia, Jeremy snapped two supercars - one blue and one yellow - on location. He captioned the post: "Subtly flying the flag on our latest adventure." While he remained tight-lipped about where exactly filming was taking place, it didn't take long for eagle-eyed fans to work out the trio were working in Norway. Therefore, The Grand Tour fans should expect a Scandinavia special to hit the streaming service later this year. The Grand Tour is available to stream on Amazon Prime Video now.  