NCIS continues to grip fans each week with intriguing investigations and the personal lives of the agents. Actress Pauley Perrette was an original CBS cast member, portraying quirky Gothic forensic expert Abby Sciuto. While she has limited her TV appearances in recent years, Perrette remains very vocal on Twitter - including now rallying support for Ukraine amidst ongoing violence from Russia. In the weeks that have followed, Russian shelling and attacks have continued across several regions of Ukraine. While UN countries across the globe continue to impose the strictest of sanctions against Vladimir Putin and Russia, Russian soldiers remain in Ukraine. Millions of people across the globe have shown their support for Ukraine as it comes under attack, including actress Perrette. READ MORE: BBC's Charlie Stayt apologises as host forced to pull interview Since the attack, the former NCIS star has taken to Twitter to highlight the ongoing war with her 708,000 followers. Last week, Perrette tweeted: "Saw footage of a Ukrainian little boy standing by himself crying holding a tiny suitcase. "Alone. No family to be seen. I've donated to Unicef. Join me if you can, at least we can help the children?" On Monday, March 14, the 52-year-old once again took a stand to show her ongoing support. Perrette tweeted a picture of herself, dressed in yellow to replicate the Ukrainian flag. She is also seen doing the ASL (American Sign Language) sign for "U". Perrette wrote: "Blue&Yellow for #Ukraine, A sunflower for #Ukranians. "Don’t know how to make a thing a THING but that’s the #ASL sign for the letter “U” "Let’s use that to #StandWithUkraine #UkraineUnderAttack #UkraineRussiaWar #Ukriane #SunflowersForUkraine #UforUkraine. 'Show Them Your 'U'." DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods delayed: CBS drama won’t air until next month [DELAY]NCIS LA season 13 viewers stunned at Callen’s ‘evil twin’ appearance  [REACTION]NCIS LA sparks frenzy as co-stars confirm new roles [CAST] Hundreds of Perrette's followers liked the tweet and shared their love for the idea. Twitter user Jessie Di said: "Yes to all of this. Thank you for sharing this message of hope and unity with Ukraine." Roni Seibert said "Love you Pauley", while Abby Traylor commented: "This is perfect!!!". Others also tweeted their own pictures doing the ASL sign in recognition of the idea. NCIS season 19 will release its latest episode, Thick as Thieves, on Monday, March 14. This time around, viewers are going to find out a lot more about Agent Aiden Parker (played by Gary Cole). The description for the episode reads: "Parker's delinquent past resurfaces when NCIS is called to Philadelphia to investigate the death of a Navy petty officer." NCIS season 19 continues every Monday on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced yet.