The senior BBC executive claimed that the coverage of the Covid pandemic and Ukraine invasion was making the case for the public broadcaster. With the future of the corporation's funding model under threat, Ms Moore said she believed the broadcaster's record spoke for itself. She said the UK had "never needed a public service broadcaster more" in light of the events in Eastern Europe. "I really think right now that the BBC is proving its worth," she told the Radio Times magazine. "I think we did that during Covid. "There are these moments when there is a real feeling that we’ve never needed a public service broadcaster more, to inform and educate and entertain and to bring the nation together." READ MORE: 'Time BBC stopped bullying vulnerable Brits!' Fury at Lords probe The BBC has boasted a boost in viewing figures during key moments over the past two years, including when Prime Minister Boris Johnson held his press conference imposing the first national lockdown in spring 2020, and the world news service following Putin's war on Ukraine. Earlier this month, Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries praised the BBC for its role in broadcasting the truth about what was happening in Ukraine. She was close to tears in the House of Commons as she paid tribute to the BBC and its journalists on the front line. "We are on the side of free media," she told the Commons on March 3. "It was brilliant to see the audience for the BBC’s Russian-language news site has gone up from 3.1 million to 10.7 million in the past week. "Despite his best efforts to censor reporting in Russia, Putin’s own citizens are turning to factual, independent information in their millions." DON'T MISS:BBC 'losing its allure' as talent flees corporation [INSIGHT]Half of Lords inquiry panel into broadcaster declare interest [WATCH]BBC savaged over latest drive as licence fee row explodes [REACTION] She hailed the BBC's "unbiased and accurate news from a live war zone". Ms Moore's confidence in the corporation proving its worth comes despite Ms Dorries vowing earlier this year to ditch the licence fee once and for all. The Cabinet minister announced in January that the fee, that must be paid by all those who watch linear TV, would be required to pay £159 a year. She said the licence fee, frozen until 2024, and then rising in line with inflation until 2027, would be the last settlement of its kind. Ms Dorries said: "This licence fee announcement will be the last. "The days of the elderly being threatened with prison sentences and bailiffs knocking on doors are over. "Time now to discuss and debate new ways of funding, supporting and selling great British content." A review into future funding is set to be launched by the Government in the coming months.