Footage of Elvis Presley during his final tour in 1977 show The King far from the physically fit state he’d been in just a few years earlier. Even Linda Thompson, who broke up with the star in Christmas 1976 was horrified by how different he looked compared to when she last saw him. There’s been much debate over the exact causes of The King’s decline and untimely death at 42, but contributing factors included his genetic health problems, prescription drug abuse and indulgent diet. Elvis grew up on his mother’s old-timey Southern home-cooking full of deep-fried tasty dishes. And when The King became rich and famous he suddenly could pig out to his heart’s content. Part of his monologue during his Las Vegas residencies included how he began to indulge in burgers and Pepsis when he went to Hollywood. Back home at Graceland, the singer would obsessively eat the same thing over and over again, including meatloaf every night for dinner for six months. In a new Q&A session, two Memphis Mafia members have shared some of Elvis’ favourite junk food choices they’d eat with him. Elvis’ cousin Billy Smith and his wife Jo said on the Elvis Fans Matter YouTube channel: “We ate a lot of pizza. We ate Krystal’s constantly. He’d send out when we’d go to the movies. He loved Krystal hamburgers. He loved hamburger steak, he loved bacon sandwiches with mustard. We ate that a lot. We’d get the bacon real, real crisp and put it on a sandwich. Heck, he’d stack it up on there and put mustard on there with it. [Also he liked] biscuits with potatoes cut round and golden fried and put bacon on that.” But as the star struggled to keep the weight off as he entered middle age in the Seventies, Elvis had to have bigger jumpsuits made for touring. Billy remembered: “He picked his own out [for each show]. We carried three or four. Believe it or not, it depended on his weight a lot of times. Some of the jumpsuits were a little bit bigger. We’d carry maybe four or five and he would pick from that. Pretty much every night they had the valet come up and they’d take them and clean them and have them brought back.” DON'T MISSLisa Marie Presley’s brother marries with special Elvis connection [LISA MARIE]Elvis Presley: ‘Colonel didn't make King’ claims Memphis Mafia member [THE COLONEL]Elvis: Johnny Cash glad he respected King's privacy in later years [JOHNNY CASH] Jo said: “Actually that’s why he wore the sundial jumpsuit. He was more comfortable in [that one during] the last year that he toured because he had gained a little weight. He felt more comfortable in it.” The reason was that the circular image on the stage costume’s chest and torso helped disguise Elvis’ expanding stomach. She added: “And those suits were heavy, heavy, heavy. So he had to be able to feel comfortable and move around.”