It's no secret that Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is considered one of the most chiseled men on this planet. It's almost as if his muscles have muscles, and there's no doubt that he is 100 percent dedicated to his diet and fitness routine to maintain his physique. However, his exact food intake is a bit extreme for the average slimmer. The former wrestler is known for doing demanding workouts, which means he needs to fuel his body with the right foods to meet his energy needs to perform at his absolute best. And while he is said to consume around a whopping 5000 per day, his diet is still full of all the good stuff many diet's promote. Depending on people's personal goals, his transformation is one many admire but a lot of hard work goes on being the scenes. Six days a week, Johnson revealed he sticks to a very strict diet. READ MORE: Nadia Sawalha weight loss: Diet secret that 'doesn't cost a penny' One day a week he allows himself to indulge in "cheat meals", explaining this method allows him the flexibility and prevents him from feeling deprived. He has previously unveiled his diet plan on Instagram and in various interviews. He packs in five to seven high-protein meals per day, consisting of cod, chicken, steak, eggs, and protein powder as his main protein sources. He doesn't skimp on the carbohydrates either, adding foods such as rice, sweet potato, oatmeal and baked potatoes to his meals. For his daily fat intake, he adds lots of healthy fats, such as peanut butter, eggs, coconut oil, and fish oil supplements. DON'T MISS...Dr Michael Mosley: 'Absolutely vital' micronutrient for weight loss [HEALTH NEWS]Mark Labbett weight loss: How The Chase star dropped 10 stone [PICS]Susanna Reid weight loss: GMB star follows a few very simple tricks [DIET TIPS] On top of that, at least a cup of vegetables are added to each meal, as he makes sure he gets his fibre, antioxidants, vitamins and minerals. During is workouts, Johnson employs varying levels of intensity, kicking things off with 30-50 minutes of cardio on the elliptical cross trainer first thing in the morning before he eats his first meal. After that, he follows his exercise with a hearty, protein-packed breakfast, which he calls his "Power Breakfast". The Rock's daily meal plan looks a little like this: flank steak (8 ounces) eggs (whole and egg whites) brown rice (1.5 cups) sautéed mushrooms, onions, and peppers cod (8 ounces) sweet potato (12 ounces) vegetables (1 cup) chicken (8 ounces) white rice (2 cups) vegetables (1 cup) cod (8 ounces) white rice (2 cups) vegetables (1 cup) fish oil (1 tbsp.) steak (8 ounces) baked potato (12 ounces) spinach salad cod (10 ounces) white rice (2 cups) salad (leafy greens) egg white omelet (10 eggs) vegetables (1 cup) fish oil (1 tbsp.) whey protein (30 grams) He also sometimes consumes a post-workout smoothie within 10 minutes of finishing his workout. Revealing the key ingredients to his Instagram follows, the shake included: 65–70 grams of whey protein 1 apple 30 grams of carbohydrate powder 1 scoop of electrolyte powder Creatine Water Ice In the past, the actor revealed how he manages to get so shredded. Alongside his diet and vigorous workout routines, he uses methods that include manipulating water and sodium, doing cardio but also having to train with real iron to achieve his infamous dense, dry, detailed muscle. He explained last year: "It's a real science that takes months and months to dial it all in with my strength and conditioning coach @daverienzi who keeps a very watchful eye, constantly fine tuning our strategy daily." Whether a person's looking to bulk up or lose some extra inches, The Rock's diet - in moderation - is jam-packed with the key ingredients of many famous diet plans that can be tailored to fit your individual goals.