The 95-year-old monarch attended the service, which was held at Westminster Abbey, alongside other members of the Royal Family and more than 30 foreign royals. 500 representatives from charities and organisations of which the Duke of Edinburgh was patron were also in attendance and the day was highly emotional for all at the Abbey. Speaking to the hosts of Royally US this week, True Royalty TV co-founder Nick Bullen discussed one particular moment that bought the Queen to tears. Mr Bullen said: "For me, probably, one of the most emotional moments was when they were singing 'Guide me o thou great redeemer. "I think that's when the Queen's eyes really seemed to well." The Duke of Edinburgh had specifically requested for the rousing hymn to be sung at his funeral but was not ultimately played at the service. Mr Bullen quoted an earlier comment made by host Christine Ross about it being "a family event" and added: "If you were at a memorial for your husband, father, grandfather, you're going to possibly shed a tear". READ MORE: How the Queen intervened to stop Princess Charlotte from being 'Lady Charlotte' The True Royalty TV co-founder also made a comment about a particular moment at the beginning of the service, whereby Princess Beatrice was noticeably very emotional. The eldest daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson was visibly upset as she was singing along to the first hymn. Mr Bullen described the moment as "powerful" as he described how she had to "cover her face with her order of service. He continued: "She had to get a tissue out and her husband [Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi] turned to her to look after her. "She was really fighting back the tears." He concluded by saying that it was "a lovely family moment, a granddaughter mourning her grandfather". READ MORE: Princess Beatrice broke royal tradition with outfit at Prince Philip's memorial Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip met in 1934. In 1946, when Elizabeth turned 20, Philip asked her father King George VI for permission to marry his daughter. The pair announced the happy news of their engagement on Elizabeth's 21st birthday. The wedding of Princess Elizabeth and Phillip Mountbatten took place on November 20, 1947 at Westminster Abbey in London. Throughout their marriage, they welcomed four children and many grandchildren and great-grandchildren. At the time of the Duke's death, the couple had been married for over seven decades. DON'T MISS In the build-up to the memorial, questions arose as to whether her recent health struggles would prevent her from attending. The 95-year-old monarch only confirmed her attendance at the Service of Thanksgiving shortly before it commenced. Palace aides are said to be concerned about the 95-year-old's frail health.