Despite migrating to The New York Times website, Wordle remains an essential part of the daily routine for millions of people across the world. The shift to the NYT has also coincided with Wordle puzzles getting harder, or at least that's the perception. If you're struggling to solve today's Wordle teaser for March 8, or perhaps you just want to figure it out before your friends, Express Online has put together a selection of clues for Wordle 262. We won't be giving away the answer, but continue to the bottom of the page if you want a little help solving the daily Wordle. Chances are you already know how to play Wordle, but just in case you're new to the game, here's how you play. Players are given six chances to figure out a new five-letter word each day. For each guess, the letter tiles will show up in one of three colours. If the tile turns grey, the letter does not appear in the word you are guessing. If the tile turns yellow, the letter you guessed is in the word, just not in the correct position. If the tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the right place. The app keeps track of your statistics, showing the number of correct answers you've managed, and your winning streak. If you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the next day for a new Wordle to be released. Read on for the Wordle 262 hints for March 8... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'CRANE' is a good word to start with, while 'GHOUL' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 262 hints and clues... 1. Wordle 262 contains one vowel, although it appears twice. 2. Wordle 262 for March 8 starts with the letter 'S'. 3. If you do manage to figure out today's tricky Wordle, you should celebrate with a cake or maybe some chocolate.