Drivers have been warned by the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency that they face huge consequences if they do not renew their car tax on time. On Twitter, the Government agency posted a series of tweets detailing how it was targeting untaxed vehicles in the Midlands. The first post read: “Our enforcement team are in the Birmingham area today taking action against untaxed vehicles. “Don’t risk it, tax it now.” The DVLA also posted a video of a car being impounded for not having vehicle tax. The video was posted with the caption: “Would you want to risk it?” READ MORE: What to do if someone parks in front of your driveway At the beginning of March, the DVLA launched a new advertising campaign in the highest evading areas across the UK. This was designed to remind motorists of the real risk of failing to tax their vehicles on time. Research from the DVLA found that in 2021, Birmingham saw a total of 52,073 enforcement actions including fines, penalties and clamping. This was second only to London, which saw more than 97,000 total enforcement actions. DON'T MISSDrivers will have to pay £50 to park cars outside their home [SHOCKING]Drivers can’t stop in these common parking places without risking fine [WARNING]Thousands sign petition to block 'unacceptable' ULEZ expansion [INSIGHT] Other major cities include Manchester, Glasgow and Sheffield which all saw around 25,000 enforcement actions in 2021 alone. The DVLA adverts are running on radio, poster sites, social media, digital channels and in print. DVLA Chief Executive Julie Lennard said: ”This campaign has a clear message for anyone that delays or avoids taxing their vehicle. “It really has never been easier to tax a vehicle, from using our 24/7 online service to direct debit options. “We want motorists to understand that it's not worth taking a risk and always tax their vehicles on time.” Automated enforcement penalties for registered keepers of untaxed vehicles are already taking place. In addition to this, the DVLA’s enforcement teams and wheel clamping partners are travelling around the UK as part of their day-to-day activity taking action against untaxed vehicles. Over 98 percent of vehicles are correctly taxed, but the DVLA has said it will continue to take action against those who break the law. The RAC said it’s “virtually impossible” to get away without paying car tax because the DVLA runs monthly computer checks of all vehicles registered in the UK. If the system flags up a vehicle as being untaxed and not declared SORN, an automated letter and fine of £80 will be sent to the address of the registered keeper. If a motorist fails to pay the fine, they could be prosecuted, and the penalty could be increased to a maximum of £1,000 if it goes to court. The DVLA also has the power to clamp a vehicle until the correct amount of tax is paid, as well as taking possession of an untaxed car.