Chris has portrayed the role of troublesome businessman Jai on Emmerdale for the best part of 13 years and most recently, the villager has been at the centre of a storyline with his partner, Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy), after he took out a big loan in her name. It seems the couple will want to give their relationship another go in this week's episodes of the ITV soap as Jai tries to make amends for the wrongdoings of his past. However, Chris' life is worlds away from the drama which goes down in the Dales and he is currently in a long-term relationship. For over 16 years, Chris has been in a relationship with Rowena Finn, who he started dating in 2006 before the pair got engaged. On their 10th anniversary as a couple, the actor popped the question to his long-term partner but they have not yet made it down the aisle. The soap star announced the news on his official Twitter page, posting in view of his followers at the time: "Finally, I popped the question to @row_finn and she said yes." Although the pair have spoken out about their private life in interviews, there is no suggestion as to when they will be tieing the knot. However, the births of their two young children might have something to do with the delay in making the final step in their relationship. READ MORE: New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air It was actually in the Lake District where Chris popped the question as the pair had decided to go on a mini-break for their 10th anniversary. Recalling the moment he asked his partner to be his wife, the soap star said: "We’d seen an elderly couple walking and holding hands earlier. "It was very sweet. I said to Rowena, 'There’s a reason I brought you here. You know that old couple we saw earlier?' "'Well, would you like to grow old like that with me?'" he explained to OK! Magazine and the rest is history. Although they had been together for 10 years prior to getting engaged, the moment still came as quite a surprise to Rowena. "All my friends said it was obvious Chris was going to propose after ten years, but to me, it wasn’t because I’d already waited ten years! "Every anniversary I was always hoping I’d get a ring. "I was in shock. The ring blew me away. Then I thought, let’s get off this ledge! I finally said yes and the ring fitted perfectly. "It was amazing. We both got a little emotional," she said and Chris added he felt the pair were even closer after he put the ring on her finger. "It’s nice to know it’s on her finger and she’s coming back," he said. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Emma Atkins left 'devastated' by Charity Dingle's fate [COMMENT]Hayley Tamaddon health: Star was left in 'agony' after IBS flare up [COMMENT]Louise Jameson admits making 'wrong choice' with Emmerdale audition [COMMENT] The pair first met by chance when they were both in Marbella enjoying separate holidays, but they hit it off straight away. "I knew I liked him when he asked me to put sunscreen on his back and I got really nervous," Rowena told OK! Magazine. With his fiancée not appearing on the soap, Chris has admitted in the past he finds it awkward when it comes to kissing one of his co-stars. Chris explained: "In the past, I’ve told her when I’ve had kissing scenes, but that would stay with her for the rest of the day, so now I tend not to say unless asked. "Those scenes are difficult for me to shoot and for Rowena to watch." The couple's first child, Harry, was born three years before they got engaged as he made his arrival into the world in 2013. Just two years later in 2015, they welcomed their first daughter into the world and the pair decided to call her Ella Rose. Although they got engaged a year after their second child was born, raising the two siblings could have left them with their hands full. In an interview, the husband and wife-to-be spoke out about Ella Rose's birth and the dramatic circumstances behind it. Chris explained: "Just like a scene from a film, there was this cinematic race to the hospital." "She was born seven minutes later (after our arrival) after one puff of gas and air," the soap star continued to say. Rowena added: "I was terrified. I really believed I was going to give birth in the car. If it had been rush hour, we wouldn't have made it." Fatherhood gave Chris a whole new perspective on how to play his villainous alter-ego and the realities of being a parent. The soap star said: "I enjoy playing a baddie but since becoming a father I find some baby-related storylines challenging. "When Harry was born, the plot revolved around a baby in intensive care. "I've been filming another harrowing story that hasn't been revealed yet. It makes me realise how lucky I am," he told HELLO! Magazine. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.