Christian Horner has warned “luck tends to even itself out over the course of a year”, suggesting he feels Mercedes and Ferrari will also suffer misfortune in 2022. Red Bull had a double retirement in Bahrain after a fuel pump issue afflicted Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez. The retirements meant Red Bull threw away around 30 points and has left them falling behind their rivals. Meanwhile, Mercedes lucked into a massive points haul with Hamilton picking up a podium and Russell in fourth in the season-opener. Red Bull are now on 37 points and third in the standings, behind Mercedes and Ferrari. However, Horner hinted he believes his title rivals will also suffer issues in 2022 which will play to Red Bull’s advantage later in the year. He did warn Red Bull had to "build some momentum” and ensure they kept scoring big points in the coming races. He said: “I think it's so early in the season. Luck tends to even itself out over the course of a year, so I think that we have just got to go race by race. We're off the mark now. We're on the scoreboard. We've won our first race of the year. READ MORE: Hamilton's Red Bull fears increase as Marko shares details on promise “Both drivers have been, again, very competitive. We've just got to build some momentum now.” Hamilton obviously feels reliability will play a huge part in the 2022 season as teams get used to the new cars. After Bahrain, Hamilton told his team: "Well done for the hard work, reliability is so important." Reliability is a massive concern for Red Bull this season after a string of issues. Their sister team, Alpha Tauri, has also suffered problems and run the same powertrains as Red Bull. Pierre Gasly retired from the Bahrain Grand Prix in the closing stages after his car burst into flames. DON'T MISSChristian Horner urges F1 to change DRS rule after Max Verstappen win [INSIGHT]Mercedes' 'power shift' warning as Verstappen and Leclerc fly early on [ANALYSIS]Hamilton picks out two things Mercedes need 'more' of to battle rivals [COMMENT] Meanwhile, Yuki Tsunoda retired from the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix after suffering a string of problems all weekend. Reliability concerns were raised after the issues happened across both race weekends. Horner added: “Of course, we’re concerned about it, but I think, first, we have to understand what it is. I think once all the strip-down has been done and we understand what the issue is then, hopefully, fixes can be put in place.”