Industry flagship brand Brent Crude was selling at $108.13 a barrel on Friday, in a 4.69 percentage drop, while WTI Crude was selling as low as $101.00 - a 6.33 percent fall. On Thursday, oil prices fell by an average of 5 percent with ongoing world events explaining the fall in value.  A coronavirus lockdown in Shanghai has increased fears of a slowdown in demand from China’s financial capital, which along with similar restrictions in Hong Kong has increased the fears of investors. On the other hand, the Russian announcement that its military forces would withdraw from operations in Kyiv and Chernigiv along with apparent progress in the peace talks between Moscow and Kyiv in Istanbul has partially influenced the drop in price. According to Bloomberg, the Biden administration may release up to 180 million barrels for several months in order to resolve supply issues as well as combating rising petrol prices. It comes as the British Government has extended the licence of the controversial Cambo oil field off the northern coast of Scotland in the North Sea.  After facing considerable opposition from climate change protesters and the withdrawal of the Dutch company Shell in December, the Government put the development of the oil field on hold. However, following the Russian invasion of Ukraine oil prices have surged to $140 which have negatively impacted British motorists, despite Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s cut in fuel duty. Although oil prices have stabilised somewhat and the UK is far less dependent on oil and gas supplies from Russia than other European countries, the Government is keen to find alternative supplies. The Government is strongly committed to nuclear and offshore wind as energy supplies but it is felt potential oil and gas sites need to be explored, hence the renewal of the licence for Cambo, which was due to expire on Thursday READ MORE:Nightmare mum makes 'hairs on back of daughter's neck stand up'  However, Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon, who as leader of the SNP is in coalition with the Green Party in Holyrood, is opposed to the project. Ms Sturgeon argues that renewal energy is a better alternative to the current European dependency on Russian oil and gas. She said: “For the UK, the dependency on Russian oil and gas is much, much, much less than it is for Europe and for many other countries. “What I think it means is that we need to, yes, consider short-term actions but actually the real lesson of this in terms of removing dependency on Russian oil and gas is accelerating the green transition. DON'T MISS:  Couple ate scallops and steak at restaurant then left without paying [REVEAL] Evil boyfriend beat partner's 16-month-old girl to death [INSIGHT] Raab plans to APPEAL release of Baby P's mother [SPOTLIGHT] “So for Scotland, the big imperative for environmental reasons but also I think now for geo-security reasons, is to make sure we are moving to renewable, low-carbon sources of energy even more quickly than we had previously planned.”