Mohamed Salah has had his motives questioned amid his contract stand-off with Liverpool. The latest news saw the Egypt international stall over talks with the Reds over a new deal. Mohamed Salah has been asked what he wants at Liverpool - to have more money or become an absolute idol at the club. That is the debate that raged on in the BT Sport studio prior to the early kick-off today between Brighton and the Reds. The Egypt international has stalled over signing a new contract at Anfield after a dispute over pay. Salah wants to be the best-paid player in the Premier League but that would see him earning over £500,000-a-week - what Cristiano Ronaldo is currently on at Manchester United. But that would shatter Liverpool’s pay structure and it has led to a stalemate between both sides of negotiations. However, time is running out as Salah will enter the final year of his contract next season and Anfield chiefs are risking losing the 29—year-old for nothing if the current impasse continues. And Ferdinand has questioned Salah’s motives, asking the forward what he wants at the club. In the BT Sport studio, he said: “[Liverpool] seem strong and have a clear understanding of ‘this is where we are’. “Obviously, Salah is going to say ‘I am here, this is what I expect, it is the going rate around the league and Europe as one of the best players now.’ “And Liverpool will say ‘this is the pay structure, are you going to live within that or not?’ “Now we don’t know the inner workings of that, but I would assume that is where they are kind of at. “The last thing, it is up to Mo Salah - what does he want? “Does he want to be an absolute idol, an icon at Liverpool forever, or is it about money?” Before the match against Brighton, Jurgen Klopp was asked about the Salah situation but he insisted that it is up to the player to do what he wants. "Mo definitely expects this club to be ambitious and we are. It's Mo's decision. The club did what it can do, that's how it is," said Klopp. "There's nothing to say about it, it's all fine. "From my point of view, it's exactly like it should be in this moment in time and everything is said. "Nothing happened further, so no signing, no rejection or whatever. So we just have to wait for that, it's completely fine. There is no rush in that situation."