Paul Merson has ripped into Arsenal star Nicolas Pepe and expects the Ivorian to struggle again after his vital goal against Wolves last week.  The winger scored an equaliser against Bruno Lage's men to give the Gunners a lifeline before Alexandre Lacazette's last-minute winner secured a huge win for their top-four hopes against one of the league's toughest defences. It was Pepe's second goal involvement of the season, having supplied Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang with an assist in the 1-0 win over Norwich in September. In fact, the 28-cap Ivory Coast international has played just 58 minutes of Premier League football since Halloween. And Gunners hero Merson has claimed that this is the reason why Pepe will not reach the heights he was expected to. "Don't expect Nicolas Pepe to suddenly become an Arsenal legend - he's a £72m sub they'd bite your hand off to get rid of," Merson told the Daily Star. "But even though he came on and won them the game against Wolves last week, you'd be lucky to get £30m for him now. We've seen it too many times where he comes on and looks amazing and then he disappears again for weeks. "It's all about consistency and he's never been able to find it. He hasn't put it together enough for me. I don't buy into the theory that he's suddenly going to rip it up for the rest of the season. No chance. "He is a classic example of modern-day football. Arsenal have a £72m player who, let's be honest, has flopped. And nothing is said about it! "It's unbelievable really. A few years ago, if you'd bought a player for that much money and he was sitting on the bench all season, you'd be sacked. I know Mikel Arteta didn't buy him. "And Unai Emery is long gone. But you get the point. And Arteta isn't getting a tune out of him either. If he was that good Arteta would be playing him. He just isn't a £72m player." Pepe has done little to endear himself to Arsenal fans despite being their record signing. The £72million flop has scored just one Premier League goal this season, after scoring just 15 in his previous 61 games. And Merson believes Arsenal would be lucky to get half of what they paid for Pepe were they to sell the player this summer. He added: "I think Arsenal will be hoping he carries it on for the rest of the season and they might get £30m for him. But at the moment I don't even see anyone paying that.