Two caravans are in flames next to the A38 highway, while fire crews are on the scene trying to get the fire under control. Dark plumes of smoke were reported by eyewitnesses. Four fire engines of the Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service were called to the scene. They were called shortly after 1pm on Saturday. A spokesman for the service said that further details would be known in due course. An eyewitness told PlymouthLive: "It is by the new road from Sherford to the A38. "It is more than a bonfire.” The cause of the fire remains unknown. In an announcement following the incident, the Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service called on citizens to be wary of possible fire hazards. They said: "If you are out on the moors this sunny weekend, please take care as the land is very dry and could easily catch fire. READ MORE: UK weather forecast: Monster storm to batter Britain - MAPS "Put out cigarettes, matches, bonfires, and BBQs." They added: "Our moorlands are important and we need to do all we can to protect them."  In another announcement, the Service attempted to raise attention over swaling, which is not unusual at this time of year. The announcement read: "Swaling (controlled burning) is a common sight this time of year on the moors. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Ireland ordered to keep ‘covetous nose’ out of UK [LIVE] Prince Harry could live ‘lifetime filled with regret’ [INSIGHT] POLL: Do YOU think pensioners have been let down by Tory Party? [VOTE] "If you are swaling you need a fire plan and firefighting equipment. Check the weather and only burn if there is a gentle breeze." This follows another fire breaking out in Plymouth overnight, with emergency services called to a pub in Mannamead. It is thought the fire started around 5 am. The fire service said it received a call for "a fire involving decking". Nobody was injured in the incident at the Penguin Lounge, central Plymouth. The fire only impacted the exterior of the building, and was quickly extinguished. 