Prior to Brexit, local regions in the UK received funding for their redevelopment projects from the European Regional Development Fund. Each year, Brussels doled out £1.5 billion to the UK's local authorities, allowing them to invest in various schemes designed to help regenerate deprived areas. The Tories pledged in their 2019 manifesto to "at a minimum" match the EU's funding. To that purpose, the UK Shared Prosperity Fund was set up and is due to be launched next month. However, local politicians in the Cornish town of Falmouth have been left frustrated by the lack of clarity over the new scheme. Councillors want to restore the old Victorian riverboat pier in the harbour, but have as yet no idea about what funding they might receive. Mark Williams, the town council clerk, said the pier project would have been a “prime candidate” to receive so-called EU structural funds. He told the FT: "Our frustration is that, if we were under the old EU model, we feel pretty confident that we would have ‘spades in the ground’ now on these projects. “The Government keeps promising we won’t lose out from Brexit, and yet we still don’t know what’s going on with this new fund.” Whitehall officials insist more information will be made public around the time of the Chancellor's Spring Statement on March 23. The new post-Brexit fund will provide £2.6 billion of new funding for local investment by March 2025. The Government argues the fund will be better targeted and will reduce the levels of bureaucracy that were associated with the EU funds. In a statement on its website, they wrote: "It seizes the opportunities of leaving the European Union, by investing in domestic priorities and targeting funding where it is needed most: building pride in place, supporting high quality skills training and supporting pay, employment and productivity growth. "It will dramatically reduce the levels of bureaucracy associated with EU funds, enable truly local decision making and better target the priorities of places within the UK. READ MORE: EU brutally mocked as row erupts over £2.5billion demand to UK "It will lead to visible, tangible improvements to the places where people work and live, giving communities up and down the UK more reasons to be proud of their area." There is growing unease across most of the UK's local authorities about the viability of the new fund. Most are fearful they will receive less funding in real terms than under the previous EU scheme. The Welsh Government has calculated Wales would be “close to £1bn” worse off over the next three years. Wales will get £750m less in structural funds and £242m less in agricultural support for farmers than it would have in the EU. DON'T MISSEU approves eye-watering €2billion 'Brexit compensation' bill [NEWS]Brexit LIVE: Republican chief jets to UK for urgent US trade talks [INSIGHT]Brexit: Truss ‘100 percent prepared’ to trigger Article 16 [REVEAL] Officials in Northern England are also concerned that they will lose out substantially. Their fears were raised after a pre-white paper analysis carried out by the Northern Powerhouse Partnership. The study concluded that the Government "is planning to spend less on English regional development than previous Conservative governments despite levelling up being a flagship policy". It said: "The annual spending of Shared Prosperity Fund and Levelling Up Fund in England is expected to be around £1.5bn per year. "This compares with an annual £2.1bn spend under the ERDF, ESF and Local Growth Fund." The report concluded: "Most sub-regions of England, except Cornwall, are at risk of seeing their regional development funding cut."