Homes Under The Hammer’s Martin Roberts has taken to social media to give fans an update after breaking down in tears at Costco while buying supplies for Ukrainian refugees. In a new video uploaded to Twitter, Martin told his 28,000 followers he had joined a “convoy” to deliver essential products to the Polish-Ukrainian border. He filmed himself in his van as he explained the journey he was set to make to “do his bit” to help those affected by the war. Martin explained: “I’m now in my van - I’ve got a VW van. “And I’ve been asked by a charity down in Bournemouth to help them and join their convoy to actually head to the Polish-Ukrainian border and take loads of supplies to literally the frontline. “So, I’ve bought some more stuff from the shops and I’m gonna pick up some pallets of stuff from their warehouse down in Bournemouth and get on the ferry and drive across France and the Netherlands and Germany, and then to the Polish border and hopefully be there in the next 24 hours or so. “And then I’ll be, hopefully, having a chance to actually see where this stuff goes, make sure it goes to the right places and just do my bit. “And I’m not doing this for any other reason other than, you know, it’s just me wanting to do what I can. “At the end of the day, in this case, I’m not a celebrity - I’m a man with a van.” Martin captioned the post: “Thank you for all your kind messages after my Costco experience. They meant the world. “Things have moved on. Quite dramatically. “Please join me on a very special trip…” The smiley update was a far cry from the clip he posted last week on his Instagram account, which saw him break down in tears. The presenter had tried to buy multiple bottles of Calpol to send as aid for Ukrainian children. DON'T MISS...Bobbie Nelson dead: Willie Nelson's sister and bandmate dies aged 91 [LATEST]Madonna posts ageless video for Frozen 25 years after origina [UPDATE]Carol Vorderman, 61, showcases ageless figure in skintight jumpsuit [INSTAGRAM] However, due to company policy, the store was unable to complete his purchase in full. In view of his 15,100 followers, Martin said: “So listen, like you, I’m properly just really at a loss in terms of what I can do to help with what’s going on in Ukraine. “So I’ve come to Costco and I’ve just been buying lots of things like Pampers, kids stuff, Tampax and other bits and pieces. “You know, things for kids because it’s the kids, you know, [they’re] everything,” he continued as he choked back tears. “So I’ve been trying to buy some Calpol and I’m only allowed to buy two, right? “And I know there’s some sort of sicko limit or some limit that they’ve put on that stops under normal circumstances people buying lots of Calpol, because of course… “I don’t know what you do with lots of Calpol but something obviously.” Luckily, other shoppers who witnessed the situation offered to chip in and buy more bottles for him.