Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared their advice for cleaning air fryers. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, garnered popularity after she began sharing her cleaning tips and advice on social media and TV. Now, the cleaning expert has over 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Fans of hers have created their own cleaning groups on social media in her name. On one such group, Facebook user Anna Baines asked: “Good morning, I’ve got an air fryer and I don’t know how to get it clean again. Any tips please.” Anna’s post was inundated with over 80 comments from Mrs Hinch fans but the most popular response was to soak the basket of the air fryer in washing up liquid. Tamsin Hicks said: “The basket should come out. I just soak mine in hot soapy water then scrub. READ MORE: How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients “If it’s really bad then I use Pink Stuff spray.” Louise Ricobi replied: “I clean mine every time I use it with hot soapy water.” Michelle Casey wrote: “I put water in mine and a squeeze of washing up liquid. “Then turn it on for six minutes. When it cools down it comes off very easily.” Madeline Love said: “Put washing up liquid and hot water in it. “Put it on for 10 minutes - it will come out great.” DON'T MISSCleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home [INSIGHT]How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas [UPDATE]'Remove and prevent it': Product to get rid of mould in your home [ANALYSIS] Hevver Berri commented: “Warm soapy water, a soft sponge scourer and the Pink Stuff from the pot! Not the bottle!” Emily Jane Atkinson said: “Washing up liquid and warm water put back in as if you’re going to cook something until all the grease melts away.” Martine Danielle replied: “Put water and washing up liquid in there, turn it on for 10 minutes then take out. It all comes off.” Emma Tracey wrote: “I soak mine in hot water and Fairy liquid. I use foil in if I'm cooking any thing greasy in it.” Sainsbury's Washing Up Liquid, Original 450ml is available to buy for 55p. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Fairy Wash Up Liquid can be bought from The Range for £1. Fairy Original Lemon Washing Up Liquid is available from Wilko for £2.50. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using non-biological washing powder, dishwasher tablets and soda crystals. Vicki Clarke said: “I soak mine in non-bio washing powder over night, worked a dream for me.” Natasha Elizabeth Sleave agreed and wrote: “Soak in warm water and biological washing powder and then scrub.  “Then rinse. Rub any tough baked on spots with a dishwasher tablet that’s been dipped in hot water.” Su Barker said: “I use a dishwasher tablet, works well.” Niki Kendrick replied: “Fill with hot water and a dishwasher tablet. Let it stand over night.” Sharon Kightley said: “Mine goes in the dishwasher after each use and comes up like new.” Jeanette Cox replied: “Soak in soda crystals - old fashioned way but it works.”