Speaking to Royal Roundup host Pandora Forsyth, Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer outlined the schedule of upcoming royal tours surrounding the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee this year. Mr Palmer warned Prince Edward and Sophie, the Countess of Wessex could face similar issues encountered by Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge and the Duchess of Cambridge on their own tour earlier this year. He said: “We’ve got commonwealth tours coming up. Edward and Sophie are coming up in April” explains Palmer.   “They’re going to some more of the Caribbean realms." The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have recently returned from their own royal tour, covering Belize, Jamaica, and the Bahamas. Mr Palmer speculated that the tour conducted by the Earl and Countess of Wessex is similarly “going to be interesting.” Prince William and Kate faced some protests during their visit to Jamaica and Belize, with both nations warning they are planning to remove the Queen as their Head of State. The royal correspondent outlined an embarrassing issue surrounding the Prime Minister of Antigua that occurred during the foreign tour by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. According to Mr Palmer, the incident occured while William and Kate were performing Royal duties in Jamaica. Prime Minister of Antigua, Gaston Browne, made a controversial statement surrounding the presence of Royal family members in the Caribbean. “He essentially said that he thought all Caribbean countries should end the monarchy,” explained Mr Palmer. Read more: Royal Family warned of resentment in Jamaica: 'Centuries of slavery'    While the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have now returned from their Royal travels, Palmer suggested similar incidents could be on the horizon. “I suspect Edward and Sophie will face similar issues when they are out there in April.” The Earl and Countess of Wessex are scheduled to visit Antigua as part of their own Royal duties. The upcoming April tour will cover Antigua, Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia, and the Grenadines between the 22nd and 28th of April. Don't miss:Queen gifts Royal Gibraltar Regiment new colours [REPORT]Sussexes' 'fresher approach' may have helped during Caribbean tour [INSIGHT]Foreign voices demanding republics do not speak for us [COMMENT]    The extensive map of royal tours has been arranged as part of a celebration for the Queen’s upcoming Platinum Jubilee. Similar Royal engagements occurred in 2012 as part of commitments for the Diamond Jubilee. Despite the reception of William and Kate’s Royal tour in some areas, Prince Edward and Sophie remain set on their April tour. The couple most recently attended the memorial service for Prince Philip, the Earl of Wessex’s father.   