Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with over four million followers on Instagram – and counting. She often shares her cleaning tips and advice with other cleaning enthusiasts. Mrs Hinch is so popular that she has motivated fans to create Facebook pages in her honour. These pages are used by cleaning enthusiasts to share tips with one another. On one such page, with more than 100,000 members, one Mrs Hinch fan wanted to know how to get rid of – or avoid – limescale. Kate Girvan-Merryweather wrote: “Good evening all. I wondered if someone can help me and give me some ideas. How do I get the limescale build up off around the bottom of the taps and in the shower head? I don’t know where to start.” READ MORE: 'Great product' to use daily on the toilet to prevent stains Limescale can often develop and build up in areas of the country with hard water. However, it is possible to get rid of it by using the correct methods. Kate’s post was inundated with comments and other Mrs Hinch fans had a plethora of tips and tricks to offer. Some tips involved using natural methods, while others consisted of using chemical products. DON'T MISS: Interior designer shares ‘number one thing’ for luxurious bedroom [INSIGHT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 6p hack to clean burnt oven door glass [TIPS]Lawn care: The ‘spiking’ trick to remove all signs of moss  [EXPERT] Some tricks were cheap, while others were more expensive. But one tip stood out from the rest: using a 2p coin to get rid of the limescale. Julie Moxon wrote: “2p coin for the tap wet the coin rub over the tap shower head place in a bag with white vinegar let it soak for a few hours.” Allyson McGregor agreed. She said: “Yep 2p coin works brilliant.” Sam Smith commented: “2p and water.” Ange Richmond wrote: “Vinegar and a 2p or 1p coin.” Lynne Williams added: “Wet 2p coin rub over and will break up a 1p, might work on the shower head, depends on the shape.” Other natural methods included using lemon. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Lin Ingram wrote: “Lemon and salt, rub it around then rinse off.” Donna Crane added: “Lemon juice.” As for chemical methods, Carole Allen recommended: “Viakal spray.” Kimberley Permial wrote: “I use 100 percent limescale toilet bleach if really bad, but you can put what you normally use in a bag and tie around taps and shower head and leave for a few hours or overnight.”