Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall and Prince Charles live at Clarence House, where Camilla invited a group of inspirational women for International Women’s Day on Tuesday. A framed photograph of Prince Charles walking Meghan Markle down the aisle to marry Prince Harry was on display during the Duchess of Cornwall's International Women's Day celebration yesterday. Camilla, 74, hosted a reception to mark the day at Clarence House, with attending stars including Mel B and Emerald Fennell, who played the Duchess in the third and fourth seasons of the Netflix series The Crown.  Visible on the mantlepiece during the event was a framed black-and-white snap of the Prince of Wales as he accompanied the Duchess of Sussex, 40, down the aisle of St George's Chapel four years ago. The photograph was first revealed by Meghan and Harry in May 2019 in a post on their Sussex Royal Instagram account to mark their first wedding anniversary. The black-and-white photograph shows the bride being welcomed by her new father-in-law Prince Charles. The photo was placed alongside photographs of the family at Prince Louis' christening in 2018, and also a portrait of Prince Harry. READ MORE: Camilla launches new campaign to honour the Queen 'I'm so delighted' The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall's royal residence, Clarence House, is located in London. Steeped in royal history, it previously belonged to the Queen Mother, who Prince Charles was supposedly very close to, and was even briefly resided in by Queen Elizabeth II. Royal Collection Trust referred to the grand building as "one of the last remaining aristocratic townhouses in London". It was built by John Nash between 1825 and 1827 for George III’s third son, the Duke of Clarence, before becoming home to the Queen Mother for almost five decades, from 1953 to 2002. According to Fox Business, it is worth an eye-watering £56.6million. Two years after the Queen Mother passed away, Prince Charles added a "formal area" in the garden to memorialise her, according to Royal Collection Trust. Intricately and elaborately designed with sculptures, walkways and pillars, the garden also contains lots of beautiful lavender.  As for the inside, then Princess Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip were responsible for modernising the place with more up-to-date electrical, heat, and hot water systems following their marriage in 1947. She only lived there briefly, as after her succession she relocated to Buckingham Palace, and the Queen Mother took over the residence alongside Princess Margaret. As well as the modification and modernisation of the garden, the Dining Room also underwent a major change. The bronze ceiling helps give the residence some added extravagance.  Gold is a recurring motif at Clarence House, with gilded frames and gold coloured ornaments. There is also a cosy element to the home, despite it being incredibly grand, with large, comfortable armchairs, floral carpets and pretty pink and red lampshades. When Clarence House is open to the public, the tour includes five rooms, including the Lancaster Room, Morning Room, Library Room, Dining Room and Garden Room. The Lancaster Room serves as a waiting room for visitors, the Morning Room a breakfast room, a Library Room for the Queen Mother's intimate dinners, and the Garden Room was created from the two rooms Princess Margaret resided in. 