  Comedian Paddy McGuinness and his wife Christine felt “permanently jetlagged” due to a lack of sleep caused by their twins Leo and Penelope. The couple fell into a “depressive state” until their children were around four or five years old.      A Question of Sport presenter Paddy, 48, admitted he and his wife Christine, 33, were incredibly sleep-deprived in the early years of raising their children. The star made the candid admission while providing an insight into being a father to children with autism alongside his wife. Paddy and Christine share eight-year-old twins Leo and Penelope, as well as a five-year-old daughter named Felicity. The comedian confessed that a lack of sleep raising the twins had “really affected” them both. READ MORE: Martin Lewis issues warning after addressing 'dangerous' issue    He said: “When I think back to the twins - Leo and Penelope, up to kind of being four or five years old - the lack of sleep that me and Christine had really affected us. “I think that's when I first started going into that kind of depressive state. “I felt like I was permanently jetlagged,” he added during his interview with MailOnline. Real Housewives Of Cheshire star Christine, who was also present at the interview, revealed that she felt “inspired” by her children and their ability to not care what others think.      She said: “When I've taken our children out and about - they're completely not interested in what anyone thinks of them. “If they want to have a meltdown, or if they have sensory overload, they just carry on being them, and in some ways, I find it kind of inspirational. They don't care.” In December of last year, the BBC aired a documentary featuring the McGuinness couple and their children called Our Family and Autism, Paddy and Christine. After its success in spreading awareness about autism, the couple launched their podcast Table Talk with Paddy & Christine McGuinness. READ MORE... Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [NEWS]     On the podcast Paddy and Christine meet six families across the UK with disabled children, to learn more about the realities of family life, the worries and wonders they face. During the first episode, which aired last month, Paddy revealed he has yet to tell his children about their condition. Their twins Leo and Penelope aren’t yet aware of their autism, as their parents haven’t yet found the right time to explain it to them. Paddy said: “Our eldest children are both eight, and we've not mentioned it to them yet.      “Not for any other reason - but we just feel as though they are happy as they are at the minute. “It might be a bit much for them, so we are kind of picking our moment with them." During the podcast Christine, who was diagnosed after her twins, recalled the first moment she was told they had autism, saying: “I was so shocked. “I was convinced [the doctor] was wrong, because I knew nothing about it.” You can listen to the full podcast here.   