Amid a cost of living crisis, many are struggling to make ends meet, with people all over the UK hopeful the Chancellor Rishi Sunak could provide some relief at his Spring Statement this week. An expert has warned that unless something changes, people may be facing levels of tax not seen in decades. UK tax revenue was forecast to total £732billion in the 2021/22 tax year, equivalent to 32.3 percent of gross domestic product (GDP), according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies. Under current Government plans, tax revenue is forecast to rise to 35 percent of GDP by 2025/26. If this transpires, it will represent the highest sustained level of tax seen in the UK since the aftermath of the Second World War, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS). Part of the reason for this could be higher tax rates, with a National Insurance hike just weeks away. READ MORE: Pension death benefits may be at risk in Rishi Sunak’s spring statement - ‘too generous!’ Jason Hollands, Managing Director at Bestinvest explained: “We know already that a 1.25 percent National Insurance hike is arriving in the new tax year on April 6. “The economic mood music is swinging behind a fiscal boost – but both he and Boris have stated they are sticking to their guns on the Health and Social Care Levy. “And let’s not forget that the Government will both be under pressure to raise wages in the public sector, as well as increase defence spending in response to the war in Ukraine. “So it looks like the average worker will be paying £255 a year more in tax in a few weeks’ time.” DON'T MISS‘Earn £50 an hour!’ Dad shares how Britons can make hundreds of pounds extra per day [INSIGHT]4.6 million households eligible for £144 reduction on their broadband bill - how to claim [ALERT]Pensioners get shock £1,000 pay rise after interest rate hike - ‘better off for life' [ALERT] The NI hike comes alongside an increase to the taxation of dividends, with 1.25 percent to be added to the rate for each tax band. In addition to higher tax rates, the increase in UK tax revenue may be due to what is known as fiscal drag. This occurs when tax thresholds and allowances are frozen. As people earn more over time due to inflation, millions of Britons could be drawn further over various limits such as the personal tax-free allowance, and dragged further over the higher tax rate thresholds. Likewise, as estates and properties increase in value, more inheritance tax and stamp duty could be taken from them. Mr Hollands explained how pension savers in particular could be impacted by the issue of frozen allowances. He said: “Pension savers have seen the amounts that they can contribute into schemes while still benefiting from tax relief come down quite substantially. “The Lifetime Allowance has been reduced massively in both nominal and real terms, and while £1,073,100 might sound like a lot of money there are plenty of people out there who are being drawn in by this limit. “That is not just members of generous defined benefit schemes like teachers, doctors and civil servants, but also – and this will only snowball in the coming decades – workers who have saved from an early stage in their careers into a defined contribution scheme. “People retiring at 55, 60 or even 65, have several decades of retirement to fund and often a mortgage to pay off, and in that context the disincentive to accumulating more pension funds above the LTA can start to have an adverse impact on retirement living standards.” Inheritance tax is another area where Britons could be at risk of paying more in tax. Mr Hollands said: “The freeze to the inheritance tax zero rate threshold against a backdrop of rising asset prices is bringing more and more families into this tax net. “The zero rate threshold has been stuck at £325k since April 2009 and so by 2026 it will have remained frozen for 16 years, with no certainty of it being adjusted even then. “The Treasury’s inheritance tax receipts in 2012/13 were just over £3billion, while for 2020/21 they totalled £5.4billion. “This makes it all the more essential that better off households adopt a tax-efficient strategy to transfer their wealth to the next generation.”