PSG have decided they will not make any call on Mauricio Pochettino's future at the club within the next two weeks due to the international break, reports in France claim. The Argentine is now fighting to save his job at the Parc des Princes following four defeats in his last six matches as PSG were dumped out of the Champions League in embarrassing fashion against Real Madrid. The French giants had actually taken the lead in the second-leg through Kylian Mbappe to make it 2-0 on aggregate before being pegged back by a Karim Benzema hat-trick. Pochettino's sole objective upon arrival in Paris was to help his former club win their first ever Champions League title. It's a feat Thomas Tuchel, Carlo Ancelotti and Unai Emery have all failed to achieve during their time with the club. But after missing out on the Ligue 1 title to Lille last term, the pressure to deliver was well and truly on this season. READ MORE: Liverpool 'exploring Raphinha transfer' despite signing Luis Diaz due to Leeds clause Yet PSG have now lost their last four away games in all competitions as their campaign looks set to finish with a whimper. According to RMC Sport, PSG have already decided that they will not sack Pochettino during the international break. The former Spurs manager is now on borrowed time at the club but the board are not prepared to shake things up while the players are away with their countries. Instead, the PSG hierarchy want to use the time to assess and analyse why things are not currently going to plan.  DON'T MISSLiverpool 'exploring Raphinha transfer' despite signing Luis Diaz due to Leeds clauseBarcelona humiliate Real Madrid to prove they're back as Aubameyang fires doubleTottenham and Arsenal 'to knock on Galatasaray's door' for Turkish star Kerem Akturkoglu Furthermore, PSG won't consider sacking Pochettino unless they have a replacement ready to step in. It's understood dismissing Pochettino and his staff could cost the Ligue 1 club close to £17million. Speaking after the 3-0 defeat at Monaco on Sunday, Pochettino made it clear he felt the club's Champions League exit had affected the dressing room. “It’s clear that the Champions League has done a lot of damage," Pochettino said. "The team should clearly let go of all that. It’s stopping us from expressing our best productivity. "This international break should allow for a change in mentality and put us back to where we should be. "We have to come back with the responsibility that goes along with putting on this shirt.” Manchester United are already considering a move for Pochettino ahead of the new season with Erik ten Hag also on the club's shortlist. Pochettino's PSG deal is set to run until the summer of 2023 but his future could hinge on his side's next few results...