Referee Danny Makkelie reportedly had to barricade the door to keep him from furious Paris Saint-Germain chief Nasser Al-Khelaifi. The Qatari businessman is believed to have confronted the officials after his side were sent crashing out of the Champions League by Real Madrid. Karim Benzema’s 18-minute hattrick in the second half secured a 3-2 aggregate victory for the 13-time European champions. However, Mauricio Pochettino’s side were the ones in the ascendency for the majority of the tie, as Kylian Mbappe followed up his dramatic late winner at the Parc des Princes with another superb goal at the Bernabeu in the first-half. However, his French counterpart Benzema flipped the tie on its head in the second-half. And Al-Khelaifi and sporting director Leonardo were so furious after the contest that they confronted the match-day officials in their dressing room and even broke the linesman’s flag. JUST IN: Arsenal star Lacazette calls out 'killer' Thomas Partey after suffering injury "After the game, the PSG president and sporting director -Leonardo- showed aggressive behaviour and tried to enter the referees' locker room,” Makkelie wrote in the minutes of the match, according to Marca. “They blocked the door and the president deliberately hit the flag of one of the attendees, breaking it." Al-Khelaifi and Leonardo are believed to have been furious with Real Madrid’s first goal at the Bernabeau. Benzema dispossessed PSG goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma, before Vinicius Junior squared the ball back across goal for him to tap home. DON'T MISSMauricio Pochettino hints how much he would change at Man Utd in Rio Ferdinand chat [INTERVIEW]Liverpool ace Fabinho accused of ‘cheating’ by Wenger to stop Inter Milan comeback [REACTION]Billionaire Chelsea fan gives Newcastle financial headache as he plots Abramovich takeover [REPORT] But the French chiefs were furious that the goal was not disallowed as they believe the former Lyon hitman had fouled Donnarumma when he forced the mistake out of him. Al-Khelaifi is also rumoured to have confronted the match-day officials in PSG’s first leg victory over the Spanish giants. However, his confrontation of the Dutch officials in Madrid is believed to have been even more furious than the first leg at the Parc des Princes. Moreover, the PSG president was also seen “screaming” at one of Ancelotti’s coaching staff during the confrontation. Sources from Real Madrid who were present at the time, understand his fury was directed at the Los Blancos coaches after one of them proceeded to record the moment he was trying to get into the referee’s dressing room. He was reportedly calmed down by his own body guards, while Leonardo is believed to have tried to convince the Real Madrid coach to delete any videos and photos from the fracas. UEFA have reportedly requested the video from the Real Madrid coaches ahead of potential investigations into the matter. Meanwhile, Pochettino’s mood was more of a crestfallen nature after his side were sent crashing out of the competition. "The first goal completely changed the game," Pochettino said. "For an hour, we were better than Real Madrid. The atmosphere changed in the stadium. "We made some mistakes after that, we can't say we didn't. The worst feeling is that we were the better side, but we lost the tie in 10 minutes. "Paris St-Germain have been chasing the Champions League for a number of years now. I'm really disappointed, upset - but these things can happen. The next few weeks are not going to be easy."