Emmerdale newlyweds Billy Fletcher (played by Jay Kontzle) and Dawn Taylor (Olivia Bromley) have faced their fair share of hurdles, and things look like they are going to get worse for the pair in the ITV soap. The couple ended up getting back together following Billy's split with killer Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu). However, despite getting married, the evil nurse ended up kidnapping the couple and holding them at gunpoint.  Meena is now safely in prison and in recent scenes, Dawn and Billy have been trying to get their lives back on track. Although Dawn’s ex Alex (Liam Boyle) has also been causing trouble after he threatened legal action over their son Lucas (Noah Ryan Aspinall).   In upcoming scenes, history could soon repeat itself for Dawn and she could end up losing everything.   Billy has discussed adopting Lucas before, but now the couple are married, he decides to push the idea on Dawn even more.   READ MORE: Emmerdale fury for Meena Jutla as parents arrive in court?    Although Dawn is delighted by Billy’s commitment, she is nervous about Lucas’ relationship with his biological father. After ignoring her worries, she takes the plunge and texts Alex about it.   The next day, after getting no response from Alex, Dawn and Billy drive to his house and nervously broach the subject of Billy adopting Lucas with an unreadable Alex.   Initially, against the idea, Alex eventually accepts the couple’s adoption proposal.      However, despite agreeing to the adoption, Alex later appears out of the dark and meets Dawn in secret. Dawn’s worries are confirmed when her ex demands she help him with a drug deal.   Alex has got himself into some financial debt and he needs Dawn to help him flog the drugs so he can pay off what he owes.   Dawn shuts her ex down straight away as she doesn’t want to turn back to a life of drugs.  DON'T MISS...The Royle Family: Where are the cast now? [CAST]Emmerdale rocked by triple exit as villagers hit with tragic news? [SPOILERS]Vera's Mark Edwards star on filming struggles for new episodes [INSIGHT] Although, she is forced to change her mind when Alex blackmails her into it. The newcomer tells Dawn he won’t agree to the adoption unless she helps him. Dawn has to hide Alex’s blackmail from Billy, and she struggles to share in their excitement over the adoption.   Later on, Dawn ends up stealing from Home Farm in a bid to raise funds for Alex.   But what will happen when she’s caught red-handed by Kim Tate (Claire King)?  With the walls closing in around her, Dawn makes one final call before another drug deal with Alex. The newlywed quickly realises the task is more dangerous than she realised when she meets Alex’s dealer. Although, as the meeting comes to an end, the trio are interrupted by a police car, and Dawn ends up being arrested. With a history of drug-taking, will Dawn end up losing Billy and her son after she’s sent back to prison? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.