 Sophie Raworth went through the morning headlines on the most recent instalment of Sunday Morning with historian and author Sir Antony Beevor and editor-in-chief of the Sun newspaper Victoria Newton. With images circulating of Kate Middleton and Prince William on their 2022 Caribbean tour causing a stir online, Victoria defended the pair and said that other Royal Family members would have done the same.   Broadcaster Sophie opened the morning show with the news of Prince Williams' statement about the pair's current tour. In his statement, he acknowledged that they have come under scrutiny, with Victoria adding: "It is extraordinary to get senior royal such as William to speak out in this way and also to take head-on some of the criticism that they have faced on this tour." She ended her opening point with: "I'm not sure his father would have taken on the criticism so well." Next, the panel discussed the controversial images of the royal couple holding childrens' hands through a fence.  Referencing Richard Kay's point in the Daily Mail, Sophie said: "They would not have liked this criticism at all. It will have stung them deeply." Victoria added: "That's right, William and Catherine are both massively professional, [and] perfectionists. "I would think they would have a right to feel slightly let down that they were put in that position. "Certainly with the famous picture of them reaching out."  The image in question shows the Duke and Duchess smiling as they reach out to local children in the Caribbean to shake their hands through gaps in a wire fence. She added: "To be fair to them, I think Diana probably would have done exactly the same thing. "The children were calling out for them. "It just perhaps was an unfortunate situation they were put in there." DON’T MISS…Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? [LATEST]'Danger will be exposed': Anthony Bridgerton shows 'emotional vulnerability' in season 2 [LATEST]The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected my life in many ways’ [LATEST] Viewer Robert Macintyre was not impressed with the royal tour, claiming on Twitter: "'They are so popular!' What a load of drivel. #SundayMorning #raworth a PR vehicle for the Royal Family." Arthur J Watkiss claimed: "I bet #TheQueen is pleased her #PlatinumJubilee is this year #SundayMorning as we see the #Commonwealth crumble." (sic) "The royals are outdated. #sundaymorning," @yunabraskas chimed in.This isn't the first time the images have been discussed in length.   Royals expert Angela Levin joined GB News presenters Esther McVey and Philip Davies to discuss the negative optics of their tour. She said: "It was a real public affairs disaster. "Usually their aids go out and investigate the places very, very meticulously." Sunday Morning airs Sunday at 9am on BBC One.