Bridgerton's Simone Ashley has told how she gave herself a tattoo over lockdown using instructions from a prison inmate's online tutorial. In a new interview, the actress, who plays Kate Sharma in season two of the hit Netflix original, revealed she ended up purchasing a tattoo gun online after becoming bored during lockdown. The Netflix star told how she gave herself the inking during lockdown. Simone revealed: "So I've tattooed myself, I've tattooed castmates I've worked with before. "I was in LA over lockdown actually in 2020 and I did all the regular stuff like making banana bread, tie-dyeing, all of that kind of stuff." She went on to explain how she ended up ordering a tattoo gun off of the internet. READ MORE: Janette Manrara breaks silence on husband Aljaz's Strictly farewell The actor explained: "I thought it would be a good idea to get my own tattoo pen with a needle and everything. "It’s called a rotary pen." She went on to add she bought it online, saying it was "surprisingly easy" and she "didn't need" any forms of ID. “I just clicked a button… Apple Pay," she explained. After buying the tattoo pen in lockdown, Simone was left to learn how to use it at home as "all the legit tattoo shops [were] shut". "So I was like, 'how to do a tattoo at home,'" she said, explaining she was searching on the internet. She went on: "And I found this video and it was like, 'You can use this deodorant stick, it has this chemical reaction on the transfer paper,' and all of this stuff. "Then it started getting a bit deep and I was like, 'Oh, this guy's using some really interesting stuff.' DON'T MISS... 'Get it off!' Ralf Little in hysterics as Will Mellor tells him off [INSIGHT]Alec Baldwin offers support to Chris Rock after Will Smith slap [ANALYSIS]Jim Carrey says he 'would have sued Will Smith for $200m' after slap [UPDATE] "And I looked at the username and it was called, 'PrisonTattoo.com,'" she told talk show host Jimmy Kimmel on his self-titled show, Jimmy Kimmel Live! She went on: “I looked at his videos and I was like ‘Wow, there’s an inmate making videos… in prison, this is a fab idea!" "And then I did it and I followed his instructions." The star went on to reveal she ended up tattooing a sphynx cat on her ankle before showing the talk show host. Simone's admission comes after she told how she and her Brdgerton co-star Jonathan Bailey would exchange "gifts" on the set of the programme daily during filming. She explained how when she first joined the show, he gave her a bouquet of flowers in her trailer before detailing how she would then reciprocate and leave him gifts as well. She told Glamour UK: “I would always leave him his favourite snacks in his trailer. “We had a very unspoken rhythm going on in that sense, leaving gifts in each other’s trailers.”