Huntley's abhorrent crimes stunned a nation in August 2002, when a hunt to locate missing school girls Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman gripped the public's attention. Nearly two weeks after they had gone missing, the girls' bodies were found 10 miles away, near RAF Lakenheath, Cambridgeshire ‒ and almost immediately afterwards Huntley and his then girlfriend Maxine Carr were hauled in by police and questioned. Huntley would be convicted of their murders and sentenced to life imprisonment, while Carr ordered to spend three and a half years in prison for perverting the course of justice. Huntley's crimes continue to baffle the public and criminologists alike, and his actions on that fateful day 20 years ago have been re-examined in Channel 5's Soham: The Murder of Holly and Jessica. Across the past two decades, experts have cast their eye over why Huntley killed the two girls, while the killer himself has remained tight-lipped over his motives. But what fascinated those who helped cover the case, was Huntley's apparent move to blame the killings on his health. The documentary explores the police footage from when Huntley was interviewed, showing the double murderer being given his rights. It even shows Huntley struggling to hear the officer reading out the legislation afforded those being questioned, asking the official to repeat what they have said. Commenting on his body language and manner in the chilling footage was Professor Elizabeth Yardley, a criminologist. She said: "He's there ‒ he's in a yellow and green jumpsuit and he appears very different from what we have seen from him in the earlier interviews. "He's sat there, and his knee is going up and down. He looks like the stereotype of someone with a mental illness." JUST IN: Ian Huntley’s visit to Peter Sutcliffe’s cell in prison Jerry Lawton, chief crime correspondent at the Daily Star, also noted how Huntley was likely to try and place the blame at the door of someone else. He said: "It was so extreme that as journalists we assumed that this would be an attempt to try and explain away his culpability in what he had done." Jeremy Thompson, former presenter on Sky News, added: "He tried to persuade the police that he was off his head and mad, and so on, and this seemed laughable. "It's an old, old ploy, but he didn't strike me as being someone who was mad at all." DON'T MISS:Tough prisoners go soft, moaning about beds and vegan food [LATEST]Correction – ‘Call me Lian’ Soham murderer Ian Huntley [INSIGHT]Ian Huntley SLAMMED for 'insensitive' comments about victims [ANALYSIS] In 2020, body language guru Cliff Lansley cast his expert eye over Huntley’s moves in similar police footage, this time when he was asked questions regarding his relationship with Holly and Jessica. Mr Lansley said: "There are multiple things wrong. He has clamped his hands. He is rubbing and manipulating his fingers to try and comfort himself. "And his shoulder is raising slightly on the right-hand side. Then when he says, no, the volume of no comes down fifty percent and he synchronises his head one to two seconds afterwards. "So, there are seven, eight indicators of deception here when he is using just three words.” The expert felt that Huntley's trickery was notable when he "forgot to take the sad expression off his face". He added: "Indicator two, he is contradicting these affirmative statements with a slight head shake, no. "And in addition, we have got gestural leakage from his shoulder. It is raising a couple of millimetres on his right-hand side which contradicts the positive, affirmative statements he is making. That is a strong signal of deception.” Verbal communication expert Dawn Archer also explained how Huntley was "very good at using the truth and then using it to his advantage". She added: “The most convincing way to tell a credible lie is to stick closely to the truth. "This is somebody that history has shown got away with lying for a long time and got away with being abusive for a long time. "And I think people who get away with that kind of behaviour believe they won’t be caught. So they have a certain level of confidence when they tell their lies.” After Huntley's conviction, Holly's father Kevin described his difficulty to come to terms with the loss of his daughter. According to a 2015 The Sun report, Kevin said: “We will never forget Holly, but life does move on — it has to — and the intensity of your grief does diminish as the years pass.” Soham: The Murder of Holly and Jessica is available to view on Channel 5.