Diageo, who make Smirnoff vodka and Guinness, have paused exports to Ukraine and Russia. In a statement on Thursday, the company confirmed its decision. A spokesperson said: "Our priority is the safety of our people in Ukraine and the wider region". Diageo is a British company, that makes Smirnoff vodka among other spirits, with its products being manufactured in sites across the world, but it is not made in Russia despite some confusion. In a similar act of solidarity, in the US, governors from 10 states have ordered state-owned liquor stores to stop supplying Russian vodka and other Russian products in a symbolic protest against the invasion of Ukraine. In Canada, the Ontario liquor control board made a similar decision to remove all Russian-made products from its 679 stores.  In a statement about the boycotting of Russian products, the state's governor said: “Russia’s ruthless attack on a sovereign nation is an egregious violation of human rights". Videos have circulated online showing people pouring Russian vodka away in acts of protest, while bars around the world have stopped selling Russian-made liquor. Politico reported that the UK, Germany and Latvia are the biggest importers of Russian vodka globally. However, they claim that Russia can no longer declare a monopoly on vodka as European countries such as Poland, Sweden and Finland legally protect their vodka production with geographical indicators. READ MORE: Tennis player Stakhovsky in ominous forecast for Ukraine's future Many top vodka brands are produced outside of Russia with Sweden and France being some of the biggest exporters, and Russian vodka made up just 8.3 percent of global trade in 2020. This suggests that the boycotting of Russian vodka won't have a significant impact on the country itself but is a clear act of unity with Ukraine. A long list of companies have paused, limited or completely ditched business activities in Russia since Moscow's invasion of Ukraine that began eight days ago, while Wetherspoons stopped selling Russian beer in all of its UK pubs. Apple - one of the world's most valuable brands - has reportedly paused exports to Russia. DON'T MISS: Brexit fury: 'Weak' Boris urged to take action [INSIGHT]F1 issue new statement on Russian Grand Prix as contract torn up [COMMENT]Ukrainian president Zelensky’s comic EU acceptance sketch resurfaces [ANALYSIS] The tech giant released a statement saying it will stand “with all of the people who are suffering as a result of the violence”. Car manufacturers such as Mercedes Benz, Jaguar Land Rover and BMW have paused shipments to Russia as sanctions continue to be imposed on the Kremlin. Energy companies have been one of the most vocal sectors about their support of Ukraine with BP and Shell, TotalEnergies and Siemens Energy just some of the major oil companies to put sanctions on Russia. Adidas, Puma, Nike and H&M are some of the fashion companies which have pulled out of partnerships in Russia and limited future sales. In the wake of Putin's military aggression in Ukraine, more and more global brands want to distance themselves from Russia contributing to the sweeping economic blows to the country. 