Natwest’s Digital Regular Saver account previously allowed savers to put away between £1 and £50 each month. However, from today customers can save up to £150 and still benefit from a cracking three percent interest rate. Anyone looking for a "tempting" savings rate could be interested in the NatWest Digital Regular Saver account which offers three percent interest. Whereas this was only previously available on the first £50 saved every month, the high street bank has just announced a change to the rules which means Britons will now receive 3 percent interest on £150 every month. To qualify for this attractive interest rate, people will need to be able to regularly commit to saving between £1 and £150 each month. The exact amount can be adjusted at any point but the maximum customers can save every month is £150. READ MORE: 'Cruel scam’ Lloyds Bank warns Britons to be careful On its website, NatWest said: “That’s not the only change. “We’ve added a new interest rate for balances over £1,000, so you can save up to £5,000 at a higher rate.” The changes could be good news for savers who feel they have had a rough deal lately. While the Bank of England increased interest rates, not all banks followed suit. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis issues warning to every household earning under £30,000 [WARNING]‘It’s a joke!’ State pensioners demand reversal of triple lock freeze [INSIGHT]Nationwide interest rate rise - 'one of highest' rates on high street [UPDATE]  What are the new NatWest savings rates?  Another attractive feature is that customers can withdraw their money from their Digital Regular Saver account at any time. This means it could double up as a savings account and somewhere to keep an emergency fund safe while gaining some interest. To help people start a healthy savings habit, NatWest has a Savings Goal Tool and a Round Up tool within its banking app. It confirmed that any money saved with the Round Up tool will not count towards a customer’s monthly limit. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, experts have shared some advice for things to consider when switching savings accounts. Britons may wish to consider: Interest ratesTax free incentives offered by an ISANotice period for withdrawing fundsHow interest is paid - daily, monthly or annuallyMinimum deposits on the account. 