Anthony Joshua has announced his new head trainer as he gears up for the challenge of taking his world titles back from Oleksandr Usyk. AJ spent the months following his defeat last September exploring his options and deciding whether or not to replace long-time ally Rob McCracken. It was a difficult decision, considering their many years of working together and the success the Briton had during that time. But in the wake of his defeat Joshua knew something had to change going forward. He travelled abroad to speak with some of the world's most renowned coaches, sparking rumours that he might start fighting out of a US-based gym. But he has always insisted he was speaking with so many trainers for their insights and wisdom, rather than for their services on a full-time basis. Instead, he has looked within his own camp to find the new man to lead his preparations for future bouts. With that in mind, Joshua revealed he has promoted Angel Fernandez to the role of main trainer within his camp. JUST IN: Usyk breaks silence on Joshua rematch after joining Ukraine army "I'm working with Angel Fernandez right now. He's been in my camp for the last three years anyway," he told Behind The Gloves. He then went on to confirm that Fernandez had been given the role of his main trainer. While McCracken's role going forward is unclear, AJ's promoter Eddie Hearn has previously suggested that he wouldn't necessarily be completely cut from the camp. "I feel it might be time to move on from that environment because when you've been there since you were 18 and you go into GB and Anthony Joshua is everywhere, he's a god," he said. "I just feel it's time to rough him up a little bit, not in log cabins in the middle of nowhere. But up there it's 'oh my god, it’s AJ!' because they're proud of him. Rob is not necessarily gone. DON'T MISS:Eddie Hearn reveals mocking text from Tyson Fury after Whyte sell-outKell Brook 'prices himself out' of Conor Benn fight after big offerVitali Klitschko admits 'we killed six people' while defending Kyiv "That's a conversation for those guys and it's very difficult because is more than just a trainer, he's a mentor to him, an adviser, a friend. It's not just about who's training him, it's about where that's going to take place." While the ultimate goal is a rematch with Usyk to take his belts back, Joshua might have to wait a while for that chance. Usyk is currently in his native Ukraine, having returned home to defend his country from Russian invaders. It's unclear how long the fighting will go on for, so it might be a long time until the 35-year-old is back in the ring. In the meantime, Joshua has revealed that he is open to an interim fight against someone else to keep a hand in. After being told that former rival Joseph Parker would be up for a rematch, he said: "Whatever, I’ll smoke him as well." AJ added: "Listen, I'll fight Joseph Parker. I'll fight whoever and whenever. It's only a fight. I'll fight 100%." He has previously suggested that a bout against fellow Briton Joe Joyce might be on the cards. "For me personally, I've got to keep active," Joshua added. "Keeping active is the best thing. An inactive fighter isn't a good fighter. I would love to keep active."