 WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Top Boy season two, episode eight. Top Boy: Summerhouse recently returned to Netflix with its fourth season and it was jam-packed with intense drama. Fans of the hit show were left stunned by the ending of the season finale, which saw tensions rise between Gerald 'Sully' Sullivan (played by Kane Robinson) and Dushane Hill (Ashley Walters). In a recent interview, one of the show’s stars opened up about the shocking final episode and what it could mean for future seasons.   Throughout the season Sully had insisted to anyone who will listen that Dushane doesn't speak for him. He cemented that message in the final episode by killing Jamie Tovell (Michael Ward) despite Dushane's orders to let things go. The dramatic scene left viewers stunned, with many wondering what will happen to Sully and Dushane’s partnership going forward. READ MORE: Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show  In a recent interview Kane Robinson, who plays Sully in the drama, shared his thoughts on the intense season finale. Speaking about his character’s actions, the actor insisted throughout the season Sully was struggling to find his place in life and was “questioning a lot”. Kane explained: “He's on the outskirts but he still wants a piece of the action in terms of the money. “But, does he really want to leave the streets? Does he really want to be there for his kid?”   Kane suggested Sully was feeling “a bit lost in the minute”, but quickly got dragged back into trouble. The actor went on to explain why Sully felt he had to kill Jamie, against Dushane’s orders. The Top Boy star revealed: “In terms of the Jamie thing; Dushane can forget, you know? “He can take certain things as a win that Sully can’t. Like, 'Jamie, you're working for me now. I won.’ DON'T MISS...‘Humiliated!’ The Apprentice star not invited to finale spin-off [MUST SEE]A Place in the Sun buyers leave halfway through property viewing [WATCH]Why is Dancing On Ice Final not on? ITV replace skating series [UPDATE]  “Sully's more like, 'Yeah, but you still have to pay for that thing that you've done last season that everyone's forgotten about.' "Sully would rather sabotage everything business-wise to make you know you could never get away with that. "He's that guy that in 20 years' time, he will remember that you shorted him £5. “That's just in him. So that's what leads to the situation,” Kane told Digital Spy.    Sully’s unexpected killing of Jamie seems to be setting up more drama for the next season. His shocking actions are likely to put yet more strain on his friendship with Dushane, who had looked at Jamie as his way off the streets. This could mean a showdown between Sully and Dushane may be on the horizon. However, Dushane won’t be Sully’s only problem as Jamie's younger brother Stef Tovell (Araloyin Oshunremi) will likely seek revenge. Top Boy is available to stream now on Netflix. 