Russia's offensive in Ukraine entered its second month last week, leaving thousands of soldiers dead and hundreds of civilians. Although many have successfully evacuated the country since February 24, a lack of safe routes has left the population in danger. As of March 28, they have 10 fewer than they should have, following a continued dispute in negotiations. Vladimir Putin's actions have left parts of Ukraine as a deadly war zone, with the country's eastern flank under heavy fire. Over the weekend, negotiators on both sides of the conflict settled on 10 humanitarian corridors to relieve the pressure on innocent locals. These, contained in hotspots on frontline Ukrainian towns and cities, would allow people to evacuate under ceasefire conditions. READ MORE: Xi Jinping faces ‘wake up call’ as Ukraine pushes back Russia Before news organisations could successfully verify these claims, Ukrainian officials pulled the plug. Earlier today, the country's leadership said intelligence had found “provocations" in the designated areas would put prospective evacuees at risk. Olga Stefanishyna, Ukraine's deputy prime minister, told the BBC in an interview that there was “no development or progress” on the corridor front. At the same time, she laid into Russian officials for not caring about "people’s life or security”. She added that the ongoing war was a “genocide with no logic". Today's move marks the latest development in the long debate around humanitarian corridors. Mention of limited ceasefires first popped up during the invasion's first days, most recently in early March. Earlier this month, Ukrainian chiefs said Russia had set up a humanitarian corridor out of the besieged capital of Mariupol but heading east. The Kremlin's corridor, according to officials, accepted 20,000 people. They arrived in 4,000 private vehicles, many stopping in the city of Zaporizhzhia before moving on. Ukrainian leaders had previously ruled out offers to set up passage into Belarus and Russia, the point of origin for most attacks in their country. Negotiators from the Russian side had suggested the move roughly two weeks into the conflict. Their offer would only see Ukrainians allowed to relocate to other parts of their country in two instances. French President Emmanuel Macron accused his Russian counterpart of “moral and political cynicism” as the remaining routes would place evacuees in Russia. He said he did not know of any Ukrainians who wanted to end up living in Russian territory. He advocated for complete ceasefires designed to allow civilians to evacuate safely. Other leaders have echoed his calls, most recently Turkish premier Recep Tayyip Erdogan. On March 27, Turkish officials revealed he had advocated for Ukrainian and Russian combatants to lay down arms in a call with Putin. His office said he "noted the importance of a ceasefire between Russia and Ukraine". They added he had also called for the "implementation of peace and the improvement of humanitarian conditions in the region".