The North East Somerset MP was appointed Brexit Opportunities Minister in the latest Cabinet reshuffle. Ben Habib, businessman and former Brexit Party MEP, described the Minister’s job as “tough” given the Government’s handling of Brexit to date. But he stressed there remain areas where “dramatic changes” can be made, handing the country a better chance of succeeding outside of the EU. The Brexit Watch Chairman told Express.co.uk Whitehall has bound the UK to Brussels – via the post-Brexit Withdrawal Agreement and the Trade and Cooperation Agreement – on state aid, competition, employment and environmental matters. The country’s financial services do remain in Britain’s hands, he suggests, meaning it is important ground is covered here before it is too late. Mr Habib said: “There is one massive win Mr Rees-Mogg could achieve for the City. “Capital adequacy requirements for UK financial institutions lending to or investing in the UK should be reduced while increasing them for loans to and investments in the EU.” This would put financial institutions in Britain ahead of those based in one of the 27 remaining EU member states, he suggests. Mr Habib added: “By reducing capital requirements for the UK and increasing them for the EU, the Brexit Opportunities Minister would instantly boost UK plc and protect our system from the failing EU.” The former Brexit Party MEP insisted this was not the only benefit Mr Rees-Mogg could grab hold of in his new role. He told Express.co.uk: “There is a lot else besides he could do to super charge our City and ensure Frankfurt never rivals us. READ MORE: Brexiteer pinpoints EXACT reason Jacob Rees-Mogg powerless in new job “He needs to get on and do it!” A survey of high-net-worth individuals (HNWIs) in the UK towards the end of last year suggested most of these believe London will continue to be Europe’s financial capital over the next decade. Mr Rees-Mogg will be working to shore up this hope in his position to strengthen Britain’s position outside the EU. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] But on many areas, his hands are “largely tied”, according to Mr Habib. He criticised the Government for failing to realise its purpose of ditching regulations that hamper British businesses after the country’s departure from the bloc. Mr Habib said: “This [aim] seems to have been lost on our negotiators when the Brexit deals were being struck. “Both the Withdrawal and Trade and Cooperation agreements bind the UK into close regulatory alignment with the EU in very nearly all matters.” In spite of these ties, Mr Rees-Mogg said he will work to “cut through the thicket” of EU red tape and push Brexit – which he claimed was “already a success” – to open new doors for Britain.