 With the final Six Nations matches taking place this Saturday, and the St. Patrick’s Day celebrations continuing, more people around the UK will be crowding into pubs to spectate and celebrate. But with this comes the concern of a heightened issue of drink driving, as thousands look to soak up the sun in a pub garden.  Alex Kindred, car insurance expert at Confused.com, warned drivers to beware of their driving this weekend. He said: “This weekend, thousands of spectators will be ready for 'Super Saturday', the final weekend of the 2022 Six Nations. “With St Patrick's Day also this week, there's plenty to celebrate as pubs, bars and stadiums will be filled to the brim. “And while this weekend is a chance to let your hair down and enjoy yourselves, motorists are reminded to consider their hangovers. READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’  “Our research reveals that almost a third (32 percent) of motorists have driven the morning after drinking, when potentially still over the limit.” Drivers could be imprisoned, banned from driving and face a fine if they are found guilty of drink-driving. Any actual penalties are decided by magistrates who hear the cases and pass down judgements from there. If a motorist is in charge of a vehicle while above the legal limit, they may get three months imprisonment, a fine of up to £2,500 and a possible driving ban. DON'T MISSHow motorists can save on fuel costs by driving with a bowl of water [INSIGHT]UK motorists warned of driving law changes in Spain just days away [WARNING]EU speed limiters putting UK drivers off from buying a new car [SHOCKING]  This could increase to six months imprisonment when driving or attempting to drive while above the legal limit or if they are unfit to drive. This also comes with an unlimited fine and a driving ban for at least one year, which can be raised to three years if they are convicted twice within 10 years. Causing death by careless driving when under the influence of drink can lead to 14 years imprisonment in addition to an unlimited fine and a driving ban of at least two years. Mr Kindred added: “You might not realise, but alcohol can stay in the system for a long time after drinking.  “So although you might think you're in control the next day, this isn't always the case. "If you're drinking, you shouldn't drive. “But if you need to get behind the wheel the next day, make sure you're in a safe and sensible state. “Our drink driving morning after calculator will help you to clear any confusion and estimate when it’s safe for you to drive again."  A conviction for drink driving also means car insurance costs will increase significantly. Millions across the UK will be celebrating “Super Saturday” with all three Six Nations games on throughout the day. Wales take on Italy in the first game with Italy looking to record their first win of the tournament. Ireland take on Scotland at 4:45pm, while England face France at 8:00pm.