Francois Asselineau, France’s Inspector General for finance, responded critically to news that the European Union will, for the first time in its history, supply weapons to Ukraine as it defends itself against Russian troops. The Frexiteer, who wishes to see France leave the NATO alliance, described the move as “extraordinarily worrying”. On Sunday, the EU announced a new raft of sanctions against Russia for its continued incursion into Ukraine, which has seen a grim cost in human lives. Announcing the measures, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said that Russian aircraft would be banned from flying in EU airspace. The bloc would also ban Russian state-owned media outlets Russia Today and Sputnik. However, Mr Asselineau claimed that “no article of the EU treaties gives them this power!” READ MORE: French presidential hopeful sensationally attacks UK over Ukraine war The EU also said that it would target Belarus with further sanctions, following evidence from Ukraine that Alexander Lukashenko’s regime there was “helping the Russian war effort”. Ms Von der Leyen said: “History has proven that societies and alliances built on trust and freedom are resilient and successful. And that is exactly what the autocrats fear. “The European Union stands with Ukraine and its people. We will continue to support them. Ukraine will prevail.” Perhaps the most surprising news was that the EU would provide €450million (£375million) for weaponry to be supplied to Ukraine, which recent supports suggest is running low on ammunition. Josep Borrell, the EU’s foreign affairs chief, added that member states were willing to supply fighter jets to Ukraine. Putin has already threatened further support from the West to Ukraine, and the same day as the EU announced its new package of sanctions, put Russia’s nuclear weapons system on “special alert”. He said that he had done so because of “aggressive statements” by the West, though it does not mean he intends to use nuclear weapons. Mr Asselineau reacted to the EU’s announcement by saying: “Europe is war! The omnipresent propaganda tells us that ‘Europe is peace’.” DON'T MISS'Money is worthless everyone is panicking' – Nightmare grips Russia [INSIGHT]Putin humiliated as Russian troops down weapons in collapse of morale [REPORT]Outrage as Macron FAILS to strip Putin of France's highest honour [REACTION] The Popular Republican Union (UPR) politician added that this was “not true”, claiming that the EU “gives rise to constant animosity between member states” and was “pushing for war in Ukraine”. He alleged that the bloc also “constantly interferes in non-NATO countries”, describing it as a “downright dictatorship”. However, today (Tuesday) Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky signed an application for his country to become a member of the EU. He asked for the bloc to fast track the membership process under a special procedure. Writing for the Guardian, Mr Borrell said the aim of the EU’s sanctions was “not to harm the Russian people, but to weaken the Kremlin’s ability to finance this unjust war. “In doing this, we are closely aligned with our partners and allies – the US, Canada, the United Kingdom, Japan, South Korea and Australia. “We also see many countries from around the world rallying to protect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Ukraine, including the United Kingdom. “We stand together on the right side of history in the face of Russia’s horrifying attack on a free and sovereign country.” During a visit to Warsaw today, Boris Johnson said Putin had started a war “tearing up every principle of civilised behaviour”, but the Ukrainians had “mounted an astonishing and tenacious resistance” as their armed forces and enlisted civilians hold off the Russian attack. The Prime Minister added: “Putin has totally miscalculated the nature of this conflict and the nature of the people of Ukraine. “With every hour, the passionate desire of the people of Ukraine to defend their country has become more apparent and millions of people around the world have been stirred and moved by their courage.”