Lady Amelia Windsor, 26, shares a flat in Notting Hill in London with her sister Lady Marina, 29. Unlike her family members Prince Harry and Prince William, Lady Amelia Windsor has a humble home in London, not a palace or a massive mansion.  She shares her flat in Notting Hill with her sister Lady Marina, while her family home is in Cambridge. Amelia told House & Garden: "The flat itself is small and cosy and has light streaming in in the morning from our little terrace. “It is a peaceful place, perfect for us two and full of our collected memories. “We aim to make it a little sanctuary amidst the busy-ness of London life." READ MORE: Lady Kitty wears £1,550 Dolce & Gabbana leopard print dress to LFW In an interview with House & Garden, Lady Amelia Windsor said: "The sitting room is my favourite part of the flat by far. “Whenever I'm at home, you'll find me there listening to Radio 4 or 6 music with a cup of coffee." Amelia has shared many photos of her home on Instagram. The living room is decorated with muted cream walls and has various paintings hanging on the walls. Amelia has added character with a printed rug and cushions, coloured vases and an open bookcase. Another snap of the living room unveiled neutral cream walls that were covered with mini mirrors and artwork. A grey sofa could be seen in the background topped with colourful pink and red cushions, which tied in with the red and white zig-zag carpet. Amelia also keeps several house plants in the living room.  In 2018, Lady Amelia Windsor revealed her bedroom in a post on Instagram Stories. It featured light pink walls and a vintage gold mirror where Amelia has stuck various Polaroid photos of herself with friends and family. Amelia and her sister have their very own outdoor terrace, which they often use for al fresco dining. It has classic orange tiles on the floor, and the sisters appeared to have dressed the dining table with a floral tablecloth.  Amelia's home exudes a retro feel, which she previously told House & Garden was a reflection of her affinity for collectables. "We have things that we've collected over the years and beautiful trinkets alongside treasures which I've found in Portobello and Golbourne markets." Her kitchen features various hand-painted plates on the walls which she found during a trip to Italy, as well as a traditional black AGA oven. 