Sanctions imposed on Russia, retaliation by the Kremlin and the disruption to supplies is already seeing commodity prices surge but he warns "much worse is to come". Inflation shot up from around one percent during the pandemic to 5.5 percent - the highest on record - and is set to soar to 10 percent before the year is out. The Channel 4 presenter said this is "playing havoc" with Chancellor Rishi Sunak's spending plans because he had agreed to increases in public spending based on much lower inflation rates. He said this has left Sunak's "fiscal arithmetic is in tatters" and warned, "as always, it will be poorest among us who suffer the most". The price of petrol has already jumped from just over £1 for a litre one year ago to £1.55 - and is set to rise even higher. Mr Neil wrote: "Annual household fuel bills for heating and cooking will jump from an average of around £1,300 now to close to £2,000 next month. And that’s just the start of it".  He added: "Wholesale gas prices in Europe have surged to 18 times (yes, 18) their level of a year ago. "When this works its way through to our household fuel bills, the annual average cost of heating and cooking could be close to £3,000". As well as rocketing fuel prices, he fears the loss of exports from Ukraine and Russia is creating a "global food crisis in the making". He said: "You can already see its first manifestations. Countries as different as Serbia and Indonesia have barred exports of grain and cooking oils, thus making global shortages worse". He said the situation is unlikely to get better anytime soon and the consequences of this will soon be seen in local supermarkets, where he warned "food prices are set to soar". READ MORE: Classic Cars should be ‘taxed on usage’ with pay per mile fee  Chancellor Rishi Sunak is offering a one-off £200 rebate on energy bills, which he announced before the invasion of Ukraine began on February 24. However, with food prices on the increase and energy bills set to rise this year by £1,700 the £200 rebate "doesn't do much to relieve the pain", Mr Neil said. The Chancellor's £200 rebate is also just a loan and households are set to make repayments next year. Mr Neil wrote: "Even Tory loyalists think the Government’s response to all this has been hopelessly inadequate so far". DON'T MISS:Pension warning: Britons face tax charge on savings - how to avoid it [INSIGHT]Road pricing is 'fairest solution' as Sadiq Khan backs future use [COMMENT]Thousands of petrol and diesel drivers not compliant with car tax rule [ANALYSIS]  Some cabinet ministers have called on Sunak to do more such as provide bigger rebates, give grants instead of loans to the country's poorest and delay the obligation to pay them. The Chancellor was already under pressure before the war to postpone next month's 1.25 percent national insurance rise and rise in income tax. A growing number of Tory MPs want both reversed and called on the government to look at different ways to raise the money. Mr Neil said: "The Treasury, as is its way, is digging its heels in. Maybe the Chancellor will be in a more generous mood come his spring statement on March 23. Otherwise, Labour’s proposal to slap a windfall profits tax on energy companies making billions out of high energy prices will be a clear vote-winner".  