Mr Powell discussed the possibility of Russian President Vladimir Putin using nuclear warfare on the battlefield. Putin has been threatening any country that interferes with his ongoing invasion of Ukraine with nuclear warfare. The ex Tony Blair aide warned that Britain needed to set clear boundaries as to what they'll do if Putin does deploy chemical or nuclear warfare on the West. He also explained that Britain will have to get more involved if Russia crosses into a NATO country, such as Poland.  Mr Powell told LBC: "They need to be very clear about what their red lines are. "What's dangerous is being fuzzy about what you'll do if the Russians cross certain lines. "You remember in Syria with President Obama, we set red lines on Asad using chemical weapons, when he did we backed off them and took no action. "So I think this time if Putin uses chemical weapons or uses a tactile nuclear weapon, which is possible because he has that in his arsenal connected to the troops in the field. JUST IN: 'Lost touch!' Putin alone as furious Russians turn on leader - 1.2 MILLION sign petition     Mr Powell added: "I think we need to be very clear that we won't let this pass. "And I see a Minister this morning and said they will do something, but very unspecified what it is. "If it's just more sanctions that will not be enough, they need to be clear what action they will take to discourage him. "And to make sure we're not threatened by these weapons in the future." READ MORE: Energy crisis: UK handed plan to END Putin’s 'stranglehold' by cutting Russia's cash cow Mr Ferarri added: "You know the next question, what are you talking of specifically then if it's not more sanction?" Mr Powell said: "We will not be able to stay out of the conflict if it moves to that stage. "If he either crosses the border into NATO or uses weapons of mass destruction, I think we will have to do something. "And not just let it pass because otherwise, we will pay the cost later on. "I do understand why they've gone such lengths to stay out of the third world war, it's very sensible what Biden etc have done. "But at that stage, I think the line has been crossed."  DON’T MISS: Toxic issue at heart of EU laid bare by Ukraine war - Poland hit with major sanctionM25 CLOSED: Motorway shut in both directions after major incident - air ambulance at sceneVladimir Putin facing 'additional pressure' from secret mistress and children in hiding According to The Telegraph, Western political officials have previously  given strong warnings that the use of TOS-1 "Buratino" and TOS-1A "Solntsepek" weapons will lead to “indiscriminate violence." Putin has used thermobaric weapons and cluster bombs already in Ukraine, but the fear of nuclear warfare is still at the forefront of many people's minds. British Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said: "This is predominantly about Putin putting it on the table just to remind people, remind the world, that he has a deterrent. "We will not do anything to escalate in that area, we will not do anything to feed any miscalculation, we take it very, very seriously. "But at the moment this is a battle of rhetoric that President Putin is deploying, and we just have to make sure we manage it properly." 