Throughout the day, one of the earliest warning signs of high blood sugar, a prerequisite for type 2 diabetes, is polyphagia – a feeling of increased appetite. The global diabetes community elaborated: "Polyphagia is the medical term used to describe excessive hunger or increased appetite." When a person performs strenuous activity, such as working out, it is completely normal to feel more hungry. Moreover, for some people, an excessive craving for food could be attributed to depression or feelings of stress. However, polyphagia is "one of the three main signs of diabetes", with the other two being increased thirst and increased urination. If you are experiencing any of these symptoms, it is best to book a doctor's appointment. Why does polyphasia happen? People who develop type 2 diabetes are unable to get the energy they need from food. READ MORE: How to sleep – 'Hypnotic' sleeping pills and why there's a better alternative This is because diabetics are either insulin resistant or can not produce enough of the hormone insulin. Insulin is needed to enable glucose, which comes from the food eaten, to enter the body's cells. Instead glucose continues to float in the bloodstream, contributing to high blood sugar. As the cells are not able to get the glucose they need for energy, the body triggers feelings of hunger, hoping to get the energy it needs from food. However, when you have diabetes, the cycle continues: no matter how much you eat, you will still feel hungry. The NHS highlighted more symptoms of type 2 diabetes, such as: Diabetes is considered a "life-long condition" that requires regular medical check-ups. As the condition can lead to heart disease, nerve damage, vision loss, and issues with the kidneys, prompt diagnosis and medical supervision is needed. By booking an appointment with your doctor, type 2 diabetes can be diagnosed via a blood and urine sample. Should the condition be diagnosed, general advice will centre on lifestyle, diet, and exercise. Medication, however, might be needed in order to get blood sugar levels under control. In fact, "most people need medicine to control their type 2 diabetes", the NHS added. The health body noted: "Diabetes usually gets worse over time, so your medicine or dose may need to change." People are usually prescribed metformin, but diabetes medication can lead to side effects, such as: However, not everybody taking diabetes medication will experience side effects. Regular health check-ups, once you have diabetes, should include blood samples and getting your feet looked over.