Megan Cameron, 27, graphic designer, purchased her first home in Durham with her fiancé John, two years ago. Since then, Megan has documented the renovation on Instagram, acquiring almost 2,000 followers along the way. Megan shared exactly how she transformed her 1920s home, including details on the £100 living room renovation. She told Swyft Home: “I’ve been obsessed with interiors ever since I bought my home. I have always been creative and loved designing, so decorating my own home was a dream for me. “The units and shelves we built didn’t cost much more than £100 and once painted it really made such a dramatic change to the room for the better. “I feel it makes it look like more of an expensive home and I have been able to add more decoration and plants to achieve that dramatic, maximalist finish.” The savvy DIYer shopped secondhand and upcycled an old chair from her dad as well as making her own cushions. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘no scrubbing’ method to clean burnt saucepans She added: “To keep the budget down I’ve made a lot myself or used items gifted to me. “I’ve included a chair I got for free from my dad and painted it black and gold, along with cushions I’ve made myself and throws knitted from my nana. “I’ve bought most of my furniture from second-hand shops and done them up myself, I’ve painted, added gold leaf and even wallpapered some of my furniture. “I’ve recently started creating my own prints to put on the walls to save money as well. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share how not to wash towels - ‘they’ll go nasty’ [COMMENT]UK has no ‘moss killer’ - gardeners can only ‘change’ grass conditions [EXPERT]Interior Design Masters: What to avoid when decorating a home office [EXPLAINER] “If I know I can do something myself I tend to as I love the challenge and how rewarding it feels knowing you’ve made something yourself rather than buying it.” Every room in Meghan’s home was done on a budget, including just £100 on the gorgeous living room. Meghan and her fiancé did 90 percent of the work themselves, including ripping out wardrobes, building units and shelves in the living room, ripping up and laying floor as well as replacing doors. She continued: “It was a lot of hard work and we spent around six months doing everything we could before we could move in. “It was a lot of late nights and strenuous tasks but it was worth it in the end, and knowing we did it ourselves makes it feel like the house is more your own.” Meghan loved getting adventurous with painting and went for a pink ceiling in the guest room. The DIY fan explained: “Painting the ceiling pink was the scariest but the best thing I’ve done. “I think if anyone wants to instantly change up a room and make it more exciting, painting the ceiling with a pop of colour will elevate any room and definitely get people talking. Every time we have guests over we always get comments on how amazing the room is. “I wanted to create an interesting space for my guests, by adding eclectic prints and furnishings it feels like you’re at a museum. “I’ve considered making this my bedroom a few times, I love it so much.” Before moving in, Meghan explained that the property was very dated and they had a few “nasty surprises” along the way including uneven flooring and dodgy plumbing. The couple created mood boards for each room to help them envision what they were going to look like. She added: “The more I’d decorate, the braver and more carried away I’d get, I’d paint more exciting colours, buy more eclectic décor and fill the walls with more prints. “I would definitely describe my taste as eclectic, moody and maximalist. I know it’s not everyone’s taste but it’s mine and I love it. “I don’t understand why everyone wants their house to look like everyone else’s, it should be personal and reflect who you are.”