Carol Vorderman, 61, has spoken up about the Cheltenham races. The star has said that the festival is still her favourite, but it is bittersweet, as she misses experiencing the event alongside her former co-star, the late Richard Whiteley. Carol, who affectionately refers to the former Countdown presenter as Whiters, owned a horse with him, whom they humorously called Mare of Wetwang. Carol insists, speaking to The Sun Racing yesterday, that Richard was the “biggest party animal” around, and frequently came up with cheeky nicknames for these things. She said that she and Richard, who died in 2005, had the most fun when they attended Cheltenham. Carol explained: “I love Cheltenham, it's my absolute favourite. READ NOW: BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint "Whiters and I were always there. We used to go racing all the time. “Let me tell you, Whiters was the biggest party animal you have ever come across. "Mind you, I wasn't far behind him!" Continuing, Carol said that she would end up all over the place with Richard. The two also attended alongside family members and other groups of people. The star said: “But I first went to Cheltenham with Whiters. “His best mate was trainer James Bethell and wife Sally, lovely people, and we would all go together. "Whiters and I always ended up in various boxes. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top [PHOTOS]Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [UPDATE] “I never knew where we were.” She went on, saying that the pair used to get up to a lot of mischief, as there were less rules about how long you could stay at the course. The former Countdown co-host said: “And in those days you could stay at the course right up until midnight, especially if you were with the Irish.” She added that she has “Such happy memories” and got up to “a lot of mischief". Speaking about making a grand entrance, Carol explained that she’d tried a lot of different approaches. She said she was once brought in on a helicopter wearing lots of outfits. On the future of her interest in horses, she said she and Richard were planning to buy more prior to his death. Laughing, she said: “He wanted to get one called Mustafa Vowel,” in reference to Countdown.