Whether your goal is to become debt free, start a savings habit or make more money in 2022, these money making tips could help you achieve your dreams. Here are 10 ways Britons can spring clean their finances and make more money this month. A financial spring clean should always start with a new household budget so that it’s easy to see where savings could be made. Financial experts like Martin Lewis often recommend conducting a direct debit detox as this could save Britons £200 a year. The Money Saving Expert founder said it’s not uncommon for people to be paying over the odds for things they no longer need or use. The money-saving guru said: "Check your direct debits, check your standing orders. “Are you dripping money away?" READ MORE: PIP: People with stress or depression could qualify for £608 from DWP  According to new analysis by Experian and L&C Mortgages, homeowners could save nearly £5,000 on their mortgage payments by remortgaging over the course of two years. James Jones, Head of Consumer Affairs at Experian said there’s no better time than now to see if people could be paying less. He said: “The cost of living continues to increase, with many consumers feeling a squeeze on their finances. “By exploring remortgage options now, homeowners could secure substantial savings by switching to a new fixed-rate mortgage deal, to help offset the effects of inflation.” DON'T MISSTV licence: Households could be eligible for refund of £159 [UPDATE]State pensioners could lose £358 a month if they fail to report to DWP [WARNING]NatWest is offering ‘tempting’ 3% interest on savings plus £150 [INSIGHT] Once people have taken this step, the next thing is to see if they are getting the best deals on their utilities and essential bills. Many people pay too much for their mobile phones when it would be far better to buy the handset outright and opt for SIM only. Another really simple way to save money is to switch the supermarket shop to Aldi or Lidl. Lidl is currently the cheapest supermarket, closely followed by Aldi according to a recent survey by independent consumer champion Which? With food prices soaring recently Yellow Sticker bargains are becoming more tempting - food that is massively reduced just before its sell-by-date. Morrisons worker Al Baker told Express.co.uk: “Most stores will do different reductions - a basic reduction in the morning between 30 and 50 percent depending on how much stock there is to shift. “All the supermarkets are slightly different, but usually about 6pm we’d then start the final reductions which is between 70 and 80 percent off everything that needs to go. “Saturday and Monday evenings are good days to find a bargain.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea 10 ways to spring clean your finances: Do you want to share your story with Express Money? Get in touch by emailing personal.finance@reachplc.com. Unfortunately we cannot respond to every email. 