The Duke of Sussex, 37, was pictured attending the Stockyards Championship Rodeo at the Cowtown Coliseum in Fort Worth, Texas, on Saturday. While there, the prince is said to have joined the crowds to watch bull riding events. Stockyards Championship Rodeo secretary Cindy Reid shared a snap of the Duke at the event on Instagram. The prince was photographed wearing a cowboy hat while standing among a crowd of locals. The image was accompanied by a caption reading: "Where was Prince Harry Saturday night? Oooooh, just hanging out behind the bucking chutes at the Stockyards Championship Rodeo!! Loooove it!! Thank you for the visit!!" The former bull rider turned trainer Cory Melton's company Melton Bull Co also shared the image with the caption: "Prince Harry hanging out at the rodeo this week. "We get a lot of rodeo royalty but this is the first prince I've seen. Said he was going to enter the bull riding but the airline lost his rigging bag…." Royal commentator Omid Scobie wrote on Twitter that Harry was “living his best American life” after being spotted “enjoying some good ol’ Southern hospitality”. He also revealed that the prince was given a VIP tour of the venue. The image caused a lot of excitement among royal fans, with one saying they were delighted to see the Duke immersing himself in American culture. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan given ‘brave’ opportunity to win back British public They wrote: “Prince Harry enjoying and learning about American culture really is my favourite thing to see in 2022. I wonder what’s going to come of this visit!! Very excited.” Another called Mariama said: “I really love this for our ginger avenger. He's truly out here living his best life and I love that for him”. A third wrote: “I used to live there. I’m sure Harry had fun - the Stockyards are very enjoyable.” One more added: “That's our Harry. The global prince of hearts.” DON'T MISS Meghan Markle got on ‘extremely well’ with Queen during first meeting [INSIGHT] Queen’s banquets must follow ‘really tight’ security rules [REVEAL] Queen savagely mocked over dress in throwback picture [REPORT] Others claimed the Duke bared a resemblance to the action hero and fictional professor of archaeology Dr Indiana Jones. The comparison came about as some royal fans discussed the Prince’s choice of headwear, as he didn't sport a traditional Texan hat. One pointed out that Harry was wearing “an Australian jackaroo style hat” before another added: “Kinda Indiana Jones-ish?” Another agreed with the sentiment writing: “Looking like a ginger Indiana Jones in that hat”. It appears that Prince Harry rode solo to the event, but this isn't the first time in recent weeks that he's been spotted out at an iconic American experience. Last month, the Duke and his cousin Princess Eugenie made an appearance at the 2022 Super Bowl in Los Angeles. Harry also visited the LA Rams locker room after their victory against the Cincinnati Bengals. The occasion marked the first time a member of the Royal Family has been spotted mingling with a member of the Sussex household since Harry and his wife Meghan Markle quit royal duties in 2020.