Prince William married the Duchess of Cambridge in 2011, and Prince Harry the Duchess of Sussex in 2018. Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about why the Princes ended up with their current wives and why the romances before them didn’t work out. Judi James exclusively told Express.co.uk: “One thing that both William and Harry seem to have excelled at is marrying well.” For William, second-in-line to the British throne, his choice of wife was arguably the most important of the two brothers. “Kate appears to be not just a perfect future Queen but also a woman who can hunker in and grit her teeth and help create a happy marriage with one of the notoriously difficult Windsor males." The Duchess of Cambridge displays several characteristics that are essential for a woman in the centre of the Firm, and her unflappable, calm and uncontroversial nature has been an asset to the Royal Family. Judi continued: “Like the Queen she adheres to the ‘never complain, never explain’ mantra, and so far, this has helped her avoid unnecessary drama and to provide a sense of calm continuity in the often-rocky royal Firm. READ MORE: Prince George is not ‘a spoiled child’ - expert analysis "Her steadfast devotion to the Royal Family means that she is a team player; she is happy to step out of the spotlight with her focus on helping those around her sparkle. "She also mimics the Queen by matching her fashion choices, whether it’s by wearing bold block colours for visibility, or honouring the country she is in with her outfits when on tour. “It would be impossible to imagine the current monarchy without Kate as an integral part of it but there was a time that her non-royal and non-aristocratic pedigree might have made her a high-risk choice of wife. “For Harry the choice of Meghan Markle was never going to look anything other than ideal. "If Kate looked like a woman who could wait, the more mature Meghan seemed to be someone who could both inspire and to move at warpspeed when it came to change. “Harry’s ideal partner had always seemed to be someone more confident and equally passionate about changing, not just his life, but seeking change on a global scale, with little fear of creating controversy en route." Having been awarded the President’s award at the NAACP Image Awards alongside his wife just this month for their humanitarian work, it appears he has gotten exactly what he always wanted. As for the brother’s relationship history, while Harry “looked keen to air his spontaneous and more rebellious approach to the restrictions of royal life”, William’s romantic past was “part romance-hunting and part job recruitment as he was looking for a future Queen”. “Many of William’s exes tended to be women who were known to hang around in royal circles. “Jecca Craig’s family were family friends and Davina Duckworth-Chad’s mother was even a second cousin of Diana.” The media were not as interested in the eldest brother, who kept away from scandal, and he was “rarely photographed with any of these women”, with “no signs of PDAs”. Judi pondered: “Did they fail to pass muster in terms of royal potential? All we do know is that it wasn’t until Kate that he found the perfect blend of patience, fun and stoicism.” Prince Harry, on the other hand, became “the new Diana” in terms of media obsession, according to Private Investigator Gavin Burrows. He had a penchant for women with free spirits, and who showed “little if any sign of wanting to settle into royal life”. He enjoyed an on-and-off romance with Chelsy Davy from 2004-2010, which roused immense media attention.  Chelsy looked like Harry’s “alter-ego”, according to Judi, a “smiling, spontaneous, fun-loving girl who would match Harry for public displays of flirting and sexual attraction”. “Chelsy’s body language epitomised freedom and self-expression but this was a side of Harry that he was supposed at the time to be suppressing as a high-ranking royal and so it was with surprise rather than shock that Chelsy dropped him because of the media attention. “It was probably unthinkable that Harry might marry a wife he would need to quit the royal family for but that is probably exactly what would have been needed to keep a bride like Chelsy happy.” Cressida Bonas, who enjoyed a two-year romance with the young Prince from 2012-2014, “was, like Meghan, high-profile with a career of her own as a model”. “Rather than marriage first and path to freedom after, Cressida seemed to swerve a bullet in terms of losing her own freedom.” It seems that Meghan was the girlfriend prepared to withstand the pressures of the Firm in order to get the guy.