Below Deck Down Under will premiere on Peacock in the UK, taking viewers to the other side of the world for drama and romance galore. As usual, the show will introduce a new cast but there will be one familiar face on board. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know on the crew from Below Deck Down Under. The original Below Deck series has Captain Lee Rosbach, now Down Under has Jason Chambers. This Australian was convinced to do the show by friend Below Deck Med's very own Hannah Ferrier. With more than 20 years of experience in the boating industry, Jason is the perfect fit to steer the crew to success. He is believed to live in the Philippines when he isn't at sea with his young daughter. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one Fans of the Below Deck franchise will recognise Aesha Scott from Below Deck Med. She starred in season four alongside Hannah Ferrier where she worked as second stew. This time around, Aesha has stepped it up a gear and is now the chief stew. The 30-year-old is from New Zealand and began her career in yachting as a deckhand before moving into the interior and has around five years of experience. Taking over Aesha's previous role as second stew is new crewmate Tumi Mhlongo. The 27-year-old is from South Africa and got her first job on a yacht after she posted pictures of her tablescapes on Instagram. Tumi has a degree in Design and Visual Communications and prior to joining the world of yachting, she was working in social media marketing. It is believed that Tumi is single so could she be involved in an upcoming romance? DON'T MISS...Coronation Street twist as Daisy Midgeley uncovers link to Sean Tully? [THEORY]‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role [CAST]EastEnders heartbreak as two Walford residents set to exit? [EXIT] Keeping those on board fed is Ryan McKeown who joins as the resident chef. He went to university at Penn State and graduated with a degree in hotel, restaurant and institutional management in 2007. Ryan, who grew up in Philadelphia, has worked as a chef in restaurants and on yachts. He has more than 3,000 followers on Instagram where he mostly posts pictures of food. Magda Ziomek is the third stew in Below Deck Down Under who also works as a model. Originally from Poland, Magda started her career in yachting after reportedly falling in love with a captain. She has more than 6,000 Instagram followers and currently resides in Mexico City. Below Deck Down Under premieres on Thursday, March 17, on Peacock via Sky+ and NOW streaming service.