Strictly the Real Full Monty star Demi Jones has addressed her aspirations to appear on the popular BBC show Strictly Come Dancing following a rare compliment from one of the programme's former professional dancers, James Jordan. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the Love Island star, 23, spoke candidly about her experience stripping off while taking part on Strictly the Real Full Monty and discussed her new role as a judge for the Pour Moi Uplifting Women Awards. In 2021, the Love Island star stripped off on the ITV show to raise awareness of cancer. Former Strictly pros James and Ola Jordan oversaw the celebrities who were taking part and Demi revealed that at one point she was partnered with James. She said: "I'm not even going to blow my trumpet here. "The first day, they didn't actually show this on TV, but the first day we had a dance. They put us in couples to try and get us used to each other. READ MORE: ‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence "And they put me with James and he said I was a complete natural! "A Strictly professional said I was a natural on my first day, so I was absolutely buzzing, they're so amazing," Demi gushed. She went on to reveal that she'd love to take part in the hit BBC dance show in the future. Demi said: "I'd absolutely love to do Strictly. "I don't think they'd had a Love Islander before but hopefully in the future, I can change their minds. "But I haven't had a call since I did the Full Monty so maybe they weren't impressed by my dancing so far," she added. Demi bared all on The Real Full Monty following her brutal battle with thyroid cancer. The star was diagnosed with the potentially deadly disease back in May after developing a golf ball-sized tumour in her neck, leading to her undergoing multiple surgeries to combat it.  DON'T MISS...Rachel Riley fumes Russian men can 'stick their flowers this year' [INSIGHT]Dan Walker reacts as BBC Breakfast viewer questions on-air choice [UPDATE]‘You will really struggle’ Rob Rinder's insight into Piers Morgan [ANALYSIS] Demi broke the news that she was cancer free on the ITV show to her co-stars but also shared it in a post on social media. "I’M CANCER FREE!!!! I did it!" Demi captioned her image on Instagram, before adding: "I got my full body scan results back and there’s not a single cancer cell left in my body." The relieved star added: "It’s been such a difficult year mentally and physically for me with my surgeries and treatment but I’m beyond grateful for everyone’s kindness and support over this past year. "I will continue to be an advocate for cancer awareness and all my love and strength goes out to those who continue to fight this awful disease. Here’s to a healthy and happy 2022" she ended the post. The star also spoke about how her "positive mindset" helped her battle the illness and is something that she looks for in nominees in the Pour Moi Uplifting Women Awards. She said: "I'm looking for people that probably have that same mindset as me. "So last year, even though I was going through a lot and I had a lot of difficulties emotionally and physically on my body, I always stayed positive. "Always smiling and spreading that love and positivity as crazy as that sounds," she added. The Pour Moi Uplifting Women Awards launches on 8th March to celebrate and platform amazing women in the UK. To nominate yourself or others you can click here.