Mr Sunak announced that the five percent VAT charge for installing heat pumps, insulation and solar panels imposed on Britain by the EU will be slashed. But Mike Foster, CEO of the Energy and Utilities Alliance (EUA) was far from impressed. He said: "The Chancellor has clearly not heard the outcry over rocketing energy bills faced by millions. He has done nothing in the Spring Statement to help the vast majority of consumers who face bills doubling this year.” “His VAT cut on solar panels and heat pumps will be welcomed by those who make them and by those who can afford to fit them, but a VAT cut on energy bills would have helped everyone.” “Frankly, consumers waiting to hear good news on their energy bills will be left asking, ‘is that it, Chancellor?’” It comes as Britain looks to wean itself off Russian gas and move towards alternative sources that can keep homes warm over winter. The Government is also trying to slash dependency on fossil fuels, with heat pumps, insulation and solar panels playing a key role in that. While Britain only gets around five percent of its gas from Russia, the integrated nature of the market has caused bills to skyrocket. Mr Foster had called for the 5 percent green levy on energy bills, also imposed by the EU, to be scrapped. But despite the net zero drive, Britain is not yet ready to make the full switch away from gas, which has left it vulnerable to rising prices that have been partially caused by Russia. While Britain only gets around five percent of its gas from Russia, the integrated nature of the market has caused bills to skyrocket. Mr Foster had called for the five percent green levy on energy bills, also imposed by the EU, to be scrapped. But instead, the Chancellor only scrapped the VAT on the price of installing the various green technologies listed above. Jess Ralston, a senior analyst from the Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit, said that the cut will provide an "immediate boost". READ MORE: Tutankhamun CT scan reveals 'extraordinary' detail about king's skull She said: "Removing VAT on energy efficiency products such as insulation is an immediate boost for families facing soaring gas bills. But there are lots more tools within the Chancellor's grasp for getting off Russian gas and reducing household bills." "Heat pumps are predicted to be £260 a year cheaper than a gas boiler from April and insulation could save hundreds of pounds (likely £300 before energy crisis – so could be as much as £600 now) in bill savings every year – so savings from retrofitting are significant." Heat pumps are part of the Government's plans to create low carbon heating as Boris Johnson aims to reach net zero by 2050. Set out in the Heat and Buildings Strategy, the Government has been trying to incentivise people to install these systems to replace their current gas boilers. This also comes after Citizens Advice, a charity, warned that a further £145-a-month surge in energy costs was predicted for October. That could mean that 14.5 million people - a huge increase from the five million who say they cannot the price cap rise in April (£60 a month), the charity said. The energy price cap is the maximum tariff suppliers can charge consumers. Britain's energy regulator, Ofgem, announced that this would rise to £2000 in April, marking a 50 percent increase.