Crufts has made its return after being cancelled in 2021 due to the ongoing pandemic. As the four-day event draws to a close, more than 16,000 competitors will be preparing for the crowning of the Best in Show award. Since its debut in 1928, the Crufts Best in Show competition has been won by 78 deserving contestants, but who has bagged the trophy in the last 10 shows? Here’s everything you need to know about the winning competitors from 2011 to 2020. The Crufts Best In Show competition has been run every year since 1928 when Greyhound Primley Sceptre became the first champion. Since then, 78 more winners have been crowned “Best in Show” - with 43 different dog breeds earning the trophy and £100 cash prize. Recognised as the most prestigious award on offer at the Crufts show, the winner’s status is often far more valuable than the physical rewards. The 79th Best in Show winner will be announced between 7pm and 9pm this evening, but who will the latest champion be following? READ MORE: Crufts 2022 live stream and TV channel: How to watch Crufts live Prospective Best in Show winners are selected from an already prestigious list of Kennel Club pedigrees. Potential canine champions must first qualify through their previous success at Kennel Club shows before competing at Crufts. Contestants will first compete in breed groups and must win “Best in Breed” before being in with a chance of claiming the qualifying “Best in Group” status. Once the group winners have championed their fellow competitors, they are then in the final running to compete for Best in Show.  In the last 10 Crufts shows, Best in Show has been awarded to everything from Retrievers to Dachshunds, but which other breeds have been crowned Crufts champions? Jim Irving and his Kentuckian Retriever Vbos bagged the Best in Show award in 2011. The pair beat off opposition from 21,000 dogs, including six other finalists who were eyeing up the award as Crufts celebrated its 120th anniversary. Margaret Anderson led her iconic long-haired Lhasa Apso dog, Zentarr Elizabeth to victory during the Crufts Best in Show final in 2012. The pampered canine champion was just seven years old when she won the BIS award. DON'T MISS:Crufts 2022: Why Russian dogs won't be at Crufts [INSIGHT]Crufts 2022 schedule and timings in full [REVEAL]The hero pooches shortlisted for the Kennel Club Hero Dog Award [ANALYSIS] Jilly the Petit Basset Griffon Vendéen was crowned champion of the BIS final in 2013, alongside her two owners, Sarah and Gavin Robertson. Aged four at the time of her victory, Jilly the Kennel-Club canine won against seven other finalists at the time. Also known as Ricky the Standard-Poodle, co-owners Jason Lynne, John Stone and Sandra Stone led their large dog to victory in 2014 at the Best in Show final. The Scottish Terrier scooped first prize with its owner Mrs Khenkina on day four of Crufts 2015. Marie Burns bagged first place at the BIS competition with her West Highland White Terrier in 2016. The American Cocker Spaniel known as Miami scooped first place in 2017. Accompanied by its two owners, Jason Lynn and R Da Silva, the unique canine champion is known for its striking long black and white coat. A Whippet known as Collooney Tartan Tease was crowned Best in Show during the 2018 Crufts competition. Owned by David and Yvette Short, Tease was the third Whippet to ever win the award.   Officially known as “Planet Waves Forever Young Daydream Believers”, young Papillon Dylan was the first of its breed ever to have won the award. Owner Kathleen Roosens led her dog to victory in 2019, against the 21,000 other dogs at Crufts. The latest Best in Show champion Maisie won the 2020 competition with her owner, Kim McCalmont. The Wire Haired Dachshund will be remembered for her small but mighty victory, which was followed by a trip to the toilet on the famous green turf after being crowned the BIS winner. 