The daughter of late Republican Presidential nominee John McCain openly supported Mr Morgan’s tweet highlighting a section of the former GMB presenter's message. The condemnation of Mr Biden comes as the President delivered his State of the Union speech, focusing heavily on the ongoing crisis in Ukraine.  Taking to Twitter in the original post, Mr Morgan said: “Biden’s talking very tough on Russia in this speech - and saying it with conviction - but nothing he’s said so far will do anything to stop Putin continuing to seize Ukraine and kill many more innocent people.” Backing up Mr Morgan, Ms McCain simply said: “this part” with a down-pointing finger aimed at his tweet. Speaking in his first State of the Union speech since taking the Presidency, Mr Biden vowed to defend democracy. In front of a joint session of Congress on Tuesday night, at a perilous moment for his presidency and the world, Biden accused the Russian president of trying to “shake the foundations of the free world” with a “premeditated and unprovoked” invasion of its Democratic neighbour.  Slamming Putin’s ambitions in Ukraine, Mr Biden said: “He thought he could roll into Ukraine and the world would rollover. “Instead he met a wall of strength he never imagined … Putin was wrong.“We were ready.” Mr Biden confirm the US would not send troops to fight Russia in Ukraine. However, he did make clear he would “defend every inch of territory of NATO countries with the full force of our collective power”.  READ MORE:THREE ways Russia can swerve Western sanctions Mr Biden did however slip up during his speech with a gaff that saw Vice-President Kamala Harris mouthing the correct wording. The US President said: “Putin may circle Kyiv with tanks, but he will never gain the hearts and souls of the Iranian people.” The slip up also saw Ms Harris shifting uncomfortably in her seat, yet the moment passed shortly after as Mr Biden continued. However, Republicans were quick to mock the President. Donald Trump Jr jokingly said moments after: “Close enough guys.” Ann Coulter the Conservative commentator and author said: “Putin will never gain the hearts and minds of the Iranian people! That's a relief.” Amber Smith, a former Pentagon official under Donald Trump, said: “Turned it off after Biden said Putin will never win the heart and soul of the Iranian people.” Nayib Bekele, the outspoken president of El Salvador simply tweeted: “The Iranian people”. DON'T MISS:Walls close in on Putin as Royal Marines join NATO [REPORT]Huge convoys of Putin's tanks reduced to rubble [REVEAL]Russia cuts off water supplies as horror plans laid bare [INSIGHT] A new poll by ABC News/The Washington Post released on the eve of the speech found 54 percent of Americans don’t believe Mr Biden has the “mental sharpness it takes to serve effectively as President”. He has made a succession of slip-ups since becoming president, including calling Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison “that fellow down under” when he apparently forgot his name and mixing up President Trump with President Obama. Since the invasion of Ukraine, former President Donald Trump has actively suggested Putin would not have invaded had he still been President.  Mr Trump went on to suggest Putin was a “genius” for timing the move whilst Mr Biden is President. The former President said: “Yesterday reporters asked me if I thought President Putin is smart. “I said, of course, he’s smart. “The problem isn’t Putin is smart — which of course he is smart — it’s that our leaders are dumb. “Under our leadership, the world was a peaceful place because America was strong and the perception of our country was perhaps like it had never been before: powerful, cunning and smart. “We were a smart country. Now we are a stupid country.” 