Nicola runs her platform The Frugal Cottage, where she aims to show fans how to live "the good life" on a budget. Living in the North of Englan, the award-winning personal finance blogger shares her home with her husband and two sons. She undertook a £10 a week food budget challenge shopping only at Aldi. Nicola said the challenge was one of the most requested videos she'd ever had after previously doing the same at Morrisons, and was keen to give it a go. The mum claimed she felt she did better at Morrisons shopping with £10 as she was able to check the prices online beforehand. Unable to do this for her trip to Aldi, Nicola felt "unprepared". Still, she managed to buy a huge amount of food for just £10. READ MORE: Genius money saving expert hack bagged mum £200 worth of free food and lots of vouchers Total: £8.78 DON'T MISS'£30 of free food a week' at Tesco, Sainsbury's, Morrisons etc [DEALS] 'The savings are incredible': Save £1,000 on groceries a year [HACK] Sainsbury's voucher code - '£60 worth of shopping for only £48' [TRICK] Nicola has just over a pound leftover from the £10 budget. She also created a £10 weekly meal plan with the shop. Breakfast Instant oats Lunch Peanut butter on toast or Poached egg on toast and a banana Dinner Jacket potato with spagehtti hoops (two nights) Chili with homemade potato wedges (four nights) Omelette with mixed veg (one night) At the end of the week, Nicola spent £9.95 in total. She shared her thoughts on the experiments. She said: "I don't think I've ever eaten so much potato in one week. "But in terms of budget-friendly things, jacket potato is the easiest thing to do for that." She claimed the instant oats were the biggest regret on her list. In hindsight, Nicola wished she had bought porridge oats. At the end of the week, Nicola had one egg left and almost the whole jar of peanut butter. She had two bananas left and a third of a loaf of bread. You can follow Nicola's money saving journey on her Instagram and her Youtube. Nicola felt she did better shopping on a £10 budget at Morrisons. For those living off a similar budget, she advised "writing a meal plan and sticking to a list" is key.  You can follow Nicola's money saving journey on her Instagram and her Youtube. 