Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta was not best pleased with his side's performance despite beating Watford 3-2 on Sunday. Arsenal moved up to fourth in the Premier League table following the win. They will stay there unless Manchester United win the derby against Manchester City this afternoon.  The Gunners opened the scoring inside just five minutes at Vicarage Road. Martin Odegaard started and finished off a fine move, with Bukayo Saka laying on the assist for the Norwegian. Cucho Hernandez equalised for Watford with a fine overhead kick just six minutes later. Arsenal moved back in front before half-time, with Saka scoring his eighth in the Premier League. JUST IN: Man Utd players ‘angry’ after Cristiano Ronaldo fails to show for Man City clash  Gabriel Martinelli ended his barren run in front of goal by scoring a fine effort early in the second half. Watford pulled one back through Moussa Sissoko to create a nervy finish for the visitors. But Arsenal held on for an important three points in Hertfordshire. Arteta was less than impressed with his side's defensive organisation though and said big improvements are needed.  DON'T MISSBarcelona's ridiculous XI if Erling Haaland and three other players join Xavi's team [OPINION]Roy Keane bites back at Gary Neville over Cristiano Ronaldo before Man City vs Man Utd [QUOTES]Man Utd 'add boss mentioned by Paul Scholes to shortlist' despite Erik ten Hag 'agreement' [REPORT] "We had great attacking moments but I wasn't pleased with our organisation," he told Sky Sports. "We didn't dominate and play the way we wanted. Credit to Watford, but a lot of it was down to us; we should have done better and there is a lot to improve." Arsenal's aim for this season is to end their six-year wait for Champions League qualification. And Arteta is delighted to be back in the top four.   "It is very pleasing; we know how difficult it is to be in this position in this league," he added. "We've earned it; we have come a long way as a team." Arteta played a role in Martinelli's third goal on Sunday. The manager quickly got the ball back for an Arsenal throw-in, with many fans claiming he got the assist. "I saw an advantage and I took it; we have to be alive and that is the way I live the game," Arteta said. "I try to instill that in the team as well." Saka was the star of the show for the Gunners as he enjoys his best goalscoring campaign. And he outlined the club's desire to be back in the Champions League. "This is the dream this year to be in the top four and qualify for Champions League football," Saka said. "We have to stay humble and focus on ourselves." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here