Red Bull boss Helmut Marko has fired a warning to Sergio Perez over his future after just a year with the team. Marko has hinted AlphaTauri’s Pierre Gasly could be set for a shock return to the team despite previously losing his seat. Gasly took over at the top team to replace the departing Daniel Ricciardo for the 2019 season. However, the Frenchman struggled to impress the bosses after a string of lower points-paying positions. His highest finish was fourth in the British Grand Prix but he was axed for Alex Albon just three races later in Belgium. He has since starred at Alpha Tauri, winning the 2020 Italian Grand Prix in frantic circumstances. Speaking to formel.de, Marko warned Red Bull could lose Gasly if he was not promoted to the top team. He said: “We still have a contract with him until 2023. If this contract expires and we can't offer him a chance for promotion, we will most likely lose him and we don't want that. READ MORE: Red Bull ‘working on £1.7m upgrade’ as Mercedes plan wing changes Former F1 star Gerhard Berger recently claimed Gasly was "good enough for another chance” with the top team. Marko supported his fellow Austrian but warned Perez was still in the mix to retain his drive. "Gerhard is right," Marko added. "But at the moment we still have a contract with Checo. We need to compare the performances of these two drivers. We still have until the middle of the year with Checo to do that." Perez was offered a one-year extension last August to commit him to the end of the 2022 season. DON'T MISSRed Bull 'looked closely' at Hamilton to help Verstappen win Saudi GP [COMMENT]Max Verstappen's Red Bull 'more difficult' than the Ferrari [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen caught driving one-handed during Saudi GP [ANALYSIS] He signed for the team on a similar arrangement at the end of 2020 after he lost his drive at Racing Point in favour of Sebastian Vettel. It appeared the Mexican’s F1 career was over but he was offered the drive after claiming victory at a wild Sakhir Grand Prix. Red Bull had also decided to not stay with Albon who now drives for Williams after a year in the DTM. Gasly said he was aware of his contract situation but had made no decisions about what would happen after his Red Bull deal was over. He said: “What's going to happen after that, at the moment it's way too early to speak about it. I'm focused on doing my best right now. But obviously I want to be in a fast car to fight for wins and victories and that's the only thing that matters. “I want to win in Formula One and I've got to have a car which allows me to win. We'll discuss that with Helmut when it will be the right moment.”