A series of major explosions rocked Kyiv overnight as Russian forces continued their attack on the capital. For days, Moscow has had a huge convoy of military vehicles and troops stationed just outside the city. However, the convoy, still more than 18 miles north of Kyiv, has been stalled by “Ukrainian resistance, mechanical breakdown and congestion”, the UK’s Ministry of Defence has said on Thursday. The Moscow bureau chief for The New York Times was interviewed by Michael Barbaro for the newspaper’s ‘The Daily’ podcast in December. Mr Troianovski said: “Ukraine is indeed drifting toward the West. “It does seem like Putin feels like he’s running out of time to stop this and that he’s willing to escalate. “He’s willing to raise the stakes, to keep Ukraine out of the West. And what we’re seeing right now on the border is all that playing out.” Mr Troianovski spoke ahead of the invasion as Putin’s troops were amassing on Russia’s border with Ukraine. The expert explained how NATO was a major factor in Russia’s aggression towards its neighbour. He said: “It’s quite perilous, of course, to try to get inside Putin’s head, but here’s the case for invading now. “Number one: NATO and the United States have made it clear that they are not going to come to Ukraine’s defence. “Because Ukraine is not a member of the NATO alliance, and NATO’s mutual defence pact only extends to full-fledged members. “And of course, I think, politically, Putin believes that neither in the US, nor in Western Europe, is there the will to see soldiers from those countries die fighting for Ukraine.” DON'T MISS: ‘God help us!’ Kamala Harris mocked over ridiculous oversimplification of Ukraine crisis [LATEST]Joe Biden's Russia excuse as President said Putin would 'love' US to stay in Afghanistan [INSIGHT]Archaeologists stunned at tool found near mammoth bones: 'Raises questions' [ANALYSIS] Before Russia invaded Ukraine, Putin told reporters in Moscow he remained concerned about Ukraine’s bid to join NATO. He said: “We need to resolve this question now … [and] we hope very much our concern will be heard by our partners and taken seriously. “[And] As for war in Europe … about whether we want it or not? Of course not.” Ukraine was assured in 2008 it would be allowed to join NATO and in 2019, an amendment made the bid part of the country’s constitution. Last month, ahead of the Russian invasion, a spokesperson for the country’s foreign minister said it would not halt its bid in order to avoid war with Russia. The confirmation came after Ukraine’s ambassador to the UK, Vadym Prystaiko, suggested Kyiv might be flexible over its attempt to join the military alliance. To subscribe to ‘The Daily’ go to your normal podcast provider.