The world is as close to World War 3 as it has been in decades. Conflict in Ukraine with Russia has sparked fears that the fighting could eventually spill over into neighbouring European countries, which would mark a profound escalation in events. Poland adjoins Ukraine and is a member of both the EU and NATO meaning that if Russia were to misjudge a missile strike on the city of Lviv or any other settlement along their shared border and hit Poland, war with every NATO member would follow. Added to this tense mixture is the looming possibility of nuclear and chemical war. In February, Russian President Vladimir Putin placed his nuclear force on high alert, a move which pundits claimed could well end in the sort of bloodshed not talked about since the days of the Cold War. But in recent days, things have simmered down, and Russia now claims it is willing to scale back at least some of its offensive on Ukraine. Regardless, historical responses to doomsday have resurfaced amid the tensions, including a speech that Queen Elizabeth II would make in the event of full-scale nuclear war. Originally prepared for Exercise Able Archer in 1983 — a war game that pitted Russia and the Warsaw Pact against the UK and NATO — the speech includes all of what would be considered Her Majesty's last words to the British public. Back then, US President Ronald Reagan had enraged Soviet Russia by calling it the "The Evil Empire" and announcing his Star Wars space combat system. The fictional scenario sees the Queen give her speech after the launch of a Soviet chemical weapons attack and a NATO tactical nuclear strike. It begins by addressing the Christmas speech of the previous year, and also mentions Prince Philip and Prince Andrew, the latter of whom was in the Royal Navy at the time. JUST IN: Royal fan fury over Prince Harry's absence from Philip's memorial The script reads: "The horrors of war could not have seemed more remote as my family and I shared our Christmas joy with the growing family of the Commonwealth. "Now, this madness of war is once more spreading through the world and our brave country must again prepare itself to survive against great odds. "I have never forgotten the sorrow and the pride I felt as my sister and I huddled around the nursery wireless set listening to my father's [George VI's] inspiring words on that fateful day in 1939 [at the start of World War 2]. "Not for a single moment did I imagine that this solemn and awful duty would one day fall to me.  The script reads: "The horrors of war could not have seemed more remote as my family and I shared our Christmas joy with the growing family of the Commonwealth. "Now, this madness of war is once more spreading through the world and our brave country must again prepare itself to survive against great odds. "I have never forgotten the sorrow and the pride I felt as my sister and I huddled around the nursery wireless set listening to my father's [George VI's] inspiring words on that fateful day in 1939 [at the start of World War 2]. "Not for a single moment did I imagine that this solemn and awful duty would one day fall to me. "But whatever terrors lie in wait for us all, the qualities that have helped to keep our freedom intact twice already during this sad century will once more be our strength. "My husband and I share with families up and down the land the fear we feel for sons and daughters, husbands and brothers who have left our side to serve their country. "My beloved son Andrew is at this moment in action with his unit and we pray continually for his safety and for the safety of all servicemen and women at home and overseas. "It is this close bond of family life that must be our greatest defence against the unknown. "If families remain united and resolute, giving shelter to those living alone and unprotected, our country's will to survive cannot be broken. "As we strive together to fight off the new evil, let us pray for our country and men of goodwill, wherever they may be. God Bless you all." DON'T MISS How Queen intervened to stop Princess Charlotte from being a 'Lady' [REPORT]Queen's decision to travel with Andrew a 'show of support' to her son [INSIGHT] Confident Lady Louise Windsor is 'very close' to the Queen - expert [ANALYSIS] The script was released in 2013 under the 30 Year Rule. The Queen herself has not made any explicit comments about the war in Ukraine. However, in March, it was reported that she withdrew permission to loan a set of swords to the Kremlin Museums in Moscow. Her Majesty's art collection was due to loan three 17th-century weapons as part of an exhibition on duelling that was scheduled to open on March 4. But the Royal Collection withdrew its permission in mid-February, as Russia prepared to launch a full-scale invasion of Ukraine that began on February 24. Elsewhere, Prince Charles has said he has been deeply moved by the bravery of Ukrainians faced with "terrible aggression" from Russia during a visit to the Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral in London. He said he and his wife, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, had been moved by all they had heard on their visit and "above all by the extraordinary bravery, generosity and fortitude of the Ukrainian community in the face of such truly terrible aggression." And Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge said they "stood with the people of Ukraine" in February.