Meena Jutla (played by Paige Sandhu) has been terrorising Emmerdale over the past year, having killed multiple villagers. However, the serial killer has finally been caught and is currently in prison awaiting her trial. Meanwhile, the village residents are growing increasingly angry as Meena has yet to take responsibility for all of her crimes. As tension rises, could Meena's sister Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker) end up taking revenge? In upcoming scenes on Emmerdale, Manpreet will increasingly feel under pressure in the run up to Meena's plea hearing. Anticipation quickly builds as several villagers prepare to face the serial killer in court. However, when the day of the hearing finally arrives, Meena's put off by the small turn-out. Despite this, she still manages to unnerve the few who are in attendance at court. READ MORE: 'I just love it' Brenda Blethyn shares future plans for playing Vera She soon stuns her audience as Meena pleads guilty to the first of her many charges. Will she confess to everything or could she continue to deny some of the murders? If Meena pleads not guilty to some of the murders, Manpreet could be pushed to take matters into her own hands. As the pressure mounts, will Manpreet take revenge on her evil sister? Rebecca Sarker, who plays Manpreet in Emmerdale, recently spoke out about her character's future in an interview with Express.co.uk and other press. The actress confessed Manpreet is still struggling to come to terms with everything her sister has done. Rebecca highlighted that Manpreet still feels Meena is impacting her life even though she's in prison. “Her will is wavering and she feels Meena is controlling her life, even from behind bars,” the actress explained. She continued: “The day in court for the plea hearing has been a wild coming. "It's overwhelmed Manpreet, she’s psyched herself up," Rebecca added. DON'T MISS...‘Continuously clashing’ Last of the Summer Wine co-star feud unveiled [INSIGHT]Josie Gibson steps in as Holly Willoughby forced to miss This Morning [MUST SEE]EastEnders' Keegan star Zack Morris explains why he quit BBC soap [UPDATE] Teasing how Manpreet's mental state will begin to unravel, Rebecca commented: “She wants to lose herself figuratively and literally. “She doesn't want that weight on her shoulders. She says ‘I don't want to be me anymore’. "That’s quite a dark place to be and it's unfamiliar territory, mentally, for her. “I think, as I said, she's got this possibly PTSD,” the soap star said. "It's just been one calamity after another. I think she just feels trapped by the situation and the circumstances really," Rebecca added. As Manpreet's stress surrounding her sister continues to grow, it could motivate her to take revenge. If Meena fails to plead guilty to all of her crimes it could push Manpreet over the edge and drive her to turn violent. Could Manpreet end up killing her sister during a prison visit in a brutal act of revenge? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV.