Paul Scholes has urged Manchester United to do whatever they can to exploit the current predicament at Chelsea by stealing Thomas Tuchel away from the Londoners. Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag are reportedly at the top of United's managerial shortlist - but that could change if Tuchel were to become available. The German has made a seismic impact at Chelsea since he was appointed just over a year ago. But the Blues could struggle to hang on to their highly-rated head coach in the wake of the turmoil that has engulfed Stamford Bridge after Roman Abramovich was slapped with sanctions by the UK Government. A string of billionaires have been linked with a mega-money takeover after Abramovich confirmed his plan to sell the club earlier this month. However, there are no guarantees that life will be the same in SW6 once Abramovich sells up. And Scholes believes that United should be desperately trying to take advantage of the uncertainty at Chelsea by making their move to nab Tuchel. The 47-year-old also admitted that he would have made a move for Tottenham boss Antonio Conte - who was appointed by the Londoners just weeks before United finally axed Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. READ MORE: Atletico Madrid 'in a panic' after making blunder before Man Utd clash  "I would have gone for Conte or Tuchel," Scholes told BT Sport. "It looks like one might be available at the end of the season. Those are two top class coaches that strike fear into players and win, which is the most important thing. United, with either one of those managers, would be much better off." And the United icon is adamant that his old side are just a top coach away from challenging for trophies again. He added: "I think they’re an elite coach away from challenging for trophies again. They’ve got a good squad with some top players, but for the last three or four years, they’ve not had an elite coach." Scholes also pinpointed how United have failed to replace the presence that Sir Alex Ferguson brought to the role at Old Trafford - insisting that it's not just tactically that United are lacking. And he reckons United need to appoint a manager with the fear factor to whip United's under-performing stars into shape. DON'T MISS: Fernandes aims cheeky dig at two Man Utd players ahead of Atletico tieWhat Man Utd players have been snapped doing ahead of Atletico clashFive stars who Man Utd may sell this summer to help with new signings "You need a manager that strikes fear into players, Sir Alex Ferguson had that, have any of the managers since him had that? I don’t think so. It’s a special talent to have as a coach. "Those Man City players under Pep, those Liverpool players under Klopp, they’ll get away with nothing. These players here (United) for the last two or three years have got away with murder. I’m not saying they’ll catch Man City or Liverpool. "But I don’t think they’re far away from Chelsea, squad-wise, but once they get that right coach and have two or three years to build, they’ll be challenging again."