 Spain was home to a third of UK expats in the EU before Brexit rules were implemented in January last year. After the UK left the European Union, UK citizens could only visit the country without a visa for up to three months for tourism and business purposes before having to leave. Brexit rules stated that UK citizens would only be allowed to stay in Spain for up to 90 days within a 180 day period without a visa. By the end of this year, UK nationals will also need a visa waiver to enter Spain, according to rules outlined on the Spanish government website. This means that Britons will still be able to visit the country without a visa, but will need to have a valid ETIAS visa waiver before arriving into the country. New regulations have meant that many expats have been forced to cut down their stay in Spain and some are even selling their properties rather than applying for residency or the appropriate visa. Real estate agent Henny Illingworth, who is based in Malaga, claimed that some UK nationals no longer believe it’s “worth” having property in Spain. Read More: RAF emergency: Typhoon jet forced into U-turn after emitting ‘squawk’  Ms Illingworth told WION last March: “We actually have some properties up for sale which were previously [owned by] ‒ they’re known as ‘British swallows’. “They would come over for a few months of the year and some of these people rent out their properties for business during the summer, some of them leave them empty. “But now British citizens are going to have to follow this strict 90 and 180 day rule. Before they could come over for four or five months. “Some people are selling up because it’s just not worth it for them.”  Migration from the UK to Spain increased massively in the late Nineties, and by 2014 the registered population of UK nationals in Spain was just over 297,000, according to Spain’s National Statistics Institute. In 2020, while the UK was in an 11-month transition period before leaving the EU, UK nationals in Spain numbered at 262,885. To be able to live in Spain, a UK citizen needs proof that they are earning, either through having a contract with a Spanish company, or by proving that they have at least £2000 a month coming into their account. A family, however, will need to show that they have an extra £500 a month for each family member. Don't Miss:Spanish property boom for wealthy Britons as ‘Iron Curtain' lifted[INSIGHT]British expats’ fury at ‘smelly and discoloured’ water in Spain[ANALYSIS]British expats in Spain ‘victims of fraud’ but can't take it to court[OPINON]  This means a family of four will need to prove that they earn a yearly salary of at least £42,000. Meanwhile, UK driving licences have to be changed to Spanish ones if they are to live in Spain. Ms Illingworth added: “Previously as an EU citizen, I had the right to be here and now I just have permission to stay. “It does feel [like] a big difference and it just feels like there’s been a huge amount of uncertainty and misinformation in the last few years.  “It leaves me feeling ‒ am I safe? Am I stable here? It’s not a very nice feeling to live with.” There is also concern among teachers working at international schools, with Brexit pricing them out of some expensive teaching equipment. Director of Phoenix College Malaga Kirsty Ridyard told WION: “Professionally and personally, it is going to affect me. “Professionally we can’t get the products that we need to teach chemistry effectively in Spain because they’re sourced in Britain and they’re so expensive over there now that it’s going to be prohibited. “And personally, I just don’t know what’s going to happen with the transport ‒ it used to be like hopping on a bus, getting on a plane to go to London and getting back.”  Despite over 260,000 UK residents having resided in Spain before Brexit was implemented, Michel Eusden of the Euro Weekly newspaper predicted there will be a dramatic change to the population dynamic. She told the BBC: “We have traditionally been a community here of expats who are on average 50-plus. “Last year it changed and the average was 45. If you come over in 12 months, it’ll be more like an average of 35. “If you’re 70 or 80 years old and you don’t understand this new system, the new paperwork, the driving licences needing to be switched over, say they get ill ‒ what do you think they’ll do? “I think a lot of people will go back to the country where they speak the language. You no longer have the best of both worlds and people can’t rely on speaking only English to get by.”