The hit NBC drama has already suffered from numerous midseason breaks during its 2021-2022 run. As Chicago Med speeds towards what will undoubtedly be a heart-stopping conclusion to the seventh season, fans are unfortunately being made to wait yet again while the popular medical drama takes a two-week hiatus. Season seven of Chicago Med won’t be back for the 17th episode of the latest season until April. In the latest episode, May Your Choices Reflect Hope, Not Fear, Will Halstead (played by Nick Gehlfuss) helped a patient with long-Covid, while the ED dealt with a young patient with a harrowing birth defect. Meanwhile, Dr Hannah Asher (Jessy Schram) was welcomed back by Dr Sharon Goodwin (S Epatha Merkerson) and confirmed she had been sober for the past two years. The NBC primetime drama has remained just as popular as the rest of Dick Wolf’s Chicago franchise since debuting back in 2015. READ MORE: Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? Unfortunately, the seventh season has been hit with another midseason shake-up to the schedule which will keep fans waiting at least two weeks for the next episode. NBC has confirmed it will be scheduling repeat episodes in Chicago Med’s usual Wednesday night slot for the next two weeks. Although it hasn’t been officially confirmed, season seven will probably return to its usual schedule on Wednesday, April 6. The network is likely pushing the series back to ensure the production team has enough time to complete the rest of the episodes for the final part of the season. Chicago Med also airs back-to-back with Chicago Fire and Chicago PD on Wednesday nights. As NBC enters the final weeks of the 2021-2022 season, execs will want to make sure the Chicago shows are primed and ready to air smoothly over the coming weeks. The network is hitting season finale territory soon, so it will be doing everything in its power to ensure as many viewers are tuning in as possible. Unfortunately, this means putting some of its most popular shows on hold for the time being as the final arcs of the latest season are finalised. DON'T MISS:NCIS LA: Callen dealt huge blow in hunt for deep fake culprit [TEASER]Good Sam delayed: CBS medical drama off-air for another week [LATEST]Yellowstone’s Kevin Costner posts tribute to late co-star [COMMENT] For now, there have been no trailers or descriptions released for Chicago Med’s upcoming episodes. Hopefully, some more details will be released next week in anticipation of the show’s return at the start of April. Fans are also hoping for an opportunity to check in on Dr Ethan Choi (Brian Tee) who briefly left the series after being shot by a patient. In reality, Brian took a break from the role in order to film his next project, Expats, so he was missing throughout much of season seven. He returned along with the series back in January, so fans are keeping their fingers crossed they’ll get an update on his recovery when they get their hands on the next episode. However, reactions to the latest outings have been mixed so far, as the series has also seen a huge overhaul to its main cast. While Dr Halstead looks to be staying on for some time, will Chicago Med survive without the likes of April Sexton (Yaya DaCosta) or Dr Natalie Manning (Torrey DeVitto)? Chicago Med season 7 is tipped to return on Wednesday, April 6 on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.