Gray (played by Toby-Alexander Smith) will be central to the drama on EastEnders next week as the residents of Walford begin to put the pieces of the jigsaw together about his evil ways. A number of characters will be on the hunt for the BBC soap villain as he tries to evade justice for killing three people over the course of the past 18 months. It is not yet known what the conclusion of the story will be but the actress who plays Chelsea Fox, Zaraah Abrahams, has explained next week's episodes will be some of the very last for the murderer. The soap star joined Friday's edition of Morning Live to speak about the explosive instalments airing next week as her character's husband becomes public enemy number one. Asked to explain what was going to happen, she said: "I think it's the week most of the audience have been waiting for. "It's the downfall of Gray," she teased before seemingly confirming the news her co-star and the actor who plays Gray, Toby-Alexander, will be leaving the show. "He gets caught out one way or another but it is finally his demise," the actress continued, hinting the villain will end up dead. Demise is a term used by many when someone dies and so this is a strong indication the villain will be struck down by a Walford local. READ MORE: The Holiday plot hole: Channel 5 viewers spot huge fail There are a number of people who could kill him, including the mother of his first victim Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plummer), Karen Taylor (Lorraine Stanley). In a preview clip from the week of high octane drama, she is seen trying to strike Gray around the head with a baseball bat. However, she is not the only one who could take his down as Tina Carter's (Luisa Bradshaw-White) family will also want revenge. They will find out in Friday night's episodes she is dead and Whitney Dean (Shona McGarthy) will tell Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) it was Gray who killed her. Both he and his mother, Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) will be gunning for blood and in a trailer, the latter is seen striking the villain with a bar stool. Things are not looking too good for the character and the head of Continuing Drama for the BBC, Kate Oates, hinted last year he would be making his exit. The soap boss said: "Gray's story was always intended to be a longer arc after the death of Chantelle; but even though some of his actions have been extreme, they have always been grounded in the roots of Gray's character. "He's a classic narcissist: everything he does is designed to fit a narrative that absolves him from guilt, and paints him out to be a good guy. "I think in Gray, we have a character who tells himself that Chantelle died in a terrible accident; that Tina had to die so he could be there for his kids; and Kush had to go because he and Whitney are 'meant to be'. "But Gray hasn't been as clever as he thinks. Smoking guns are all over the Square, just waiting to be found. Gray's downfall awaits." DON'T MISS...Larry Lamb health: Actor recalls 'hellish' illness that left him deaf [COMMENT]Martin Kemp health: Star, 60, on medication for 'rest of his life' [COMMENT]Gillian Wright health: Star left with 'unbearable pain' [COMMENT] Former executive producer, Jon Sen, also teased the character's downfall as he said: "We've obviously got the culmination or we're building to the kind of culmination of the Gray storyline. "We are kind of going back to the grassroots of the story, really pivoting it back to its origins, and it's gonna be a fascinating turn of events for the Atkins family." With Gray gone, this would only leave his children as the remaining members of the Atkins family still alive, with their grandparents Karen and Mitch Baker (Rodger Griffiths) being an extension of the clan. Off-screen, the actor has recently welcomed his first child into the world alongside his partner and Emmerdale star, Amy Walsh. Therefore, the conclusion of Gray's storyline could tie in with the time the actor was going to take paternity leave. During the interview with Morning Live, Chelsea star Zaraah was full of admiration for her co-star Toby-Alexander after working with him over the past year. The actress said: "Toby-Alexander is absolutely lovely. He is kind and professional and he is so, so funny. "There have been so many moments where we have had to pull it together before doing an intense, abusive scene and I cannot imagine the show without him. "I'm going to really, really miss him," she added, further confirming his exit. "[Toby-Alexander] is nothing like his character," the soap star continued and her character will also be central to the episodes next week. Viewers have watched over the past few weeks as Chelsea has got her confidence back after Kheerat Panesar (Jaz Deol) attacked the villain. The confrontation landed Gray in hospital and for over a week he was in a coma but ahead of next week's episodes, he is conscious once more. He will realise his grip of control has began to slip over his wife and she is unable to fall under this power again. She is another contender for killing Gray but all will be revealed next week who will be the person to bring the villain down. EastEnders continues tonight at 8pm on BBC One.