Paul Pogba has delivered a fresh hint about his future, but it is one that Manchester United should ignore. The Frenchman is out of contract at the end of this season and is yet to put pen to paper on a new deal, despite United being understood to have offered him an extension. Pogba's time at Old Trafford since arriving in a club-record transfer deal has been decidedly mixed. He has shown his full potential at times, but these have been tantalising glimpses rather than his level of performance week in, week out. Concerns over his defensive ability even led former manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer to play him out on the left wing last season. His inconsistent displays have seen some hint that United should cut ties with him when his current deal comes to an end. That is a strategy that could prove to be the best option for United as they look to overhaul their squad. A new manager will be appointed this summer, with Pogba hinting he could yet decide he wants to be a part of the new regime. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag’s demand surfaces with Man Utd interested in Ajax boss "Nothing is decided on my future, there is nothing done. I can decide tomorrow, as I can decide during the transfer window. I want to come back, finish the season well," he told Telefoot over the weekend just gone. Pogba appears to be opening the door to making a U-turn and in fact staying in Manchester beyond this summer. United should be wary of allowing that to happen though, if they are to turn around their form in the way they desire by appointing someone such as Mauricio Pochettino. DON'T MISS: Arsenal want to sign Man Utd star Rashford because of three players (TRANSFERS)Redknapp laments Man Utd and Liverpool 'cliques' in England squad (INSIGHT)Neville blasted for 'childish cheap shots' at Man Utd stars after rant (NEWS) From that wariness, the Red Devils should avoid the temptation of sweetening the offer they made to Pogba in their last round of talks. Overpaying underperformers needs to become a thing of the past if United are to return to trophy contention, starting with their talks with Pogba. Though the French international has been a game-changer in some outings, those performances are to rare to deserve a bumper deal. Instead, United should focus on bringing in stars who their next manager needs to turnaround the decade of disappointment.