In recent months, Coronation Street barmaid Daisy Midgley (played by Charlotte Jordan) had been hellbent on getting her claws into Daniel (Rob Mallard), and eventually, she won him over. ITV viewers have watched the loved up couple take the next step, and Daniel had even suggested they go on holiday together. However, the honeymoon phase may be over very soon when Daniel's former flame Nicky Wheatley (Kimberly Hart-Simpson) makes a dramatic return to Weatherfield. Nicky left the Cobbles 18 months ago after she and Daniel had a whirlwind romance. The resident decided to leave Weatherfield because she wanted a better life for her daughter, Maisie. Nicky and Daniel didn't part on bad terms and so, when she arrives he is thrilled to see her. In upcoming scenes, Daisy sets out to sabotage any chances of Nicky seeing Daniel. When she's in the pub, Nicky asks Daisy if she knows where Daniel could be.  READ MORE: The Holiday plot hole: Channel 5 viewers spot huge fail Although, the jealous barmaid lies and explains the teacher has moved down south. She later goes one step further when she deletes a voicemail from Nicky on his phone. However, after she can't get hold of him, Nicky heads to Daniel's school to track him down. She told her former flame she got fed up with Lytham and decided to return to Weatherfield. She later told him that she has even applied for a teaching assistant job at his school.  Daniel is clearly delighted by the news and agrees to meet Nicky for a drink. At The Rovers, Daniel introduces Nicky to Daisy, although Nicky let's slip that they've already met and Daisy told her he’d moved down south. How will Daniel react to the news that Daisy had lied? And after seeing Nicky for the first time, will it stir up old feelings between then pair?  DON'T MISS...Bargain Hunt sparks frenzy as new expert joins BBC antiques show [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun viewers in uproar after couple's sudden U-turn [REACTION]Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up [INSIGHT] Daniel could end up letting temptation get the better of him, and he may end up back in Nicky's arms once again. Meanwhile, in the pub, Daisy shows Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney) the anti-spiking lids she ordered to fit over the top of a drink. Amy’s impressed, while Daniel masks his unease about the entire thing. In recent weeks, Daniel has got caught up in some trouble at school after he discovered Max (Paddy Bever) had spiked Amy's drink. However, he went on to discover that the troublesome teen was meant to spike the teacher.  Daniel confronted David Platt (Jack Shepherd) about his son spiking Amy, which is when he found out the truth. "You told him?" David asked his son. "Should we be panicking? Expecting the blues and twos?" "I haven't called the police," Daniel admitted before Max replied: "Thank you." David proceeded to ask why the teacher hadn't rung the police, Daniel explained: "I know getting Max locked up won't change anything." Max admitted: "I am to blame for everything." "I'm not going to say anything," Daniel told them. "None of us say anything." Coronation Street returns on Monday at 8pm on ITV.