The rate of VAT has been reduced for the tourism and hospitality sector since July 2020 as the Chancellor tried to help the industry recover from the impact of the Covid pandemic. However, on Friday, it will increase to the standard rate of 20 percent leaving Susanna Reid demanding to know why the Government has made this decision while interviewing Anne-Marie Trevelyan on GMB. Reid began: “We have the highest cost of living in three decades, people really suffering at the moment and facing a huge increase in bills and we’ve just found out that the VAT on hospitality is going to be restored on Friday. “That’s going to make it even more expensive for people who are already facing higher bills.” She joked: “It would drive you to drink but you can no longer afford a pint. Why are you increasing VAT?” Trevelyan explained the ways the Government are supporting families with the cost of living crisis. Read more: Reeves blasts oil giant 'They've more money they know what to do with' “We’ve increased the taper relief for Universal Credit so that the poorest families will see an extra £1,000 in their pockets and of course, the household fund has been doubled…,” she said. Cutting the MP off, Reid said: “Sorry with Universal Credit that’s not an extra £1,000 you’ve taken away a £1,000 so you’re just replacing what you took away. It’s not an extra £1,000, is it?” Trevelyan evaded the question and pointed out the changes to the National Insurance threshold. Reid continued: “You’re increasingly National Insurance that’s a tax rise. “The fact you’ve changed the threshold when that will come in doesn’t eliminate the fact that you’re increasing tax. “What you’re describing is not currently going to help people and what I’m asking is you are restoring the VAT level on hospitality, that’s our story this morning, it is another tax rise on hard-working people.” Trevelyan replied: “So as your reporter set out the Chancellor wanted to support hospitality during the really difficult time during Covid when they were under enormous pressures and that’s why the temporary reduction was brought in. “And as we move away thank goodness from the challenges of Covid, the pressures on business and back to a more normal way of life and interestingly as I travel with my role of Trade Secretary the UK is far ahead of so many other countries in getting back to normal and I think that’s really great news and that’s thanks to both to the Prime Minister and indeed the incredible work our Chancellor did supporting our businesses.” DON'T MISSGMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is [INSIGHT]Ranvir Singh forced to leave GMB after 'worst ever' hay fever reaction [VIDEO]Jane Seymour condemns Will Smith 'There's no reason to punch anybody!' [INTERVIEW] Interrupting, Reid asked: “How does the VAT rise help people if it makes it more expensive to go out? “That is going to hurt people and also businesses.” The MP responded: “Bringing it back to its previous level is the decision the Treasury have taken because we need to make sure we can move forward. “These are real pressures but one of the key challenges, the reasons for these pressures is of course the energy price spike that we’ve seen so we are looking to tackle how we can do it both in the short term and the medium term as well. “One of the areas of doing that is through driving forwards to renewables and clean energy and that’s one of the reasons why we’re very excited about the £30billion worth of investment we’ve seen from Australian investors which I announced yesterday with the Prime Minister. “[That’s] helping us to meet that challenge and driving forward the UK being world-leading in delivering clean energy.” Ben interjected: “That investment is hugely welcome of course but for our viewers who are facing an unimaginable cost of living squeeze, terrifying fear of energy bills, the fact you’re putting VAT back up on hospitality for the weekend, that will be no comfort to them whatsoever.” Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.