Gemma Atkinson, 37, has defiantly spoken out on her Instagram story about her decision to leave fiancé Gorka at home in the "chaos" of looking after the couple's daughter Mia and their pet dogs as she trained in the gym. The star said her Strictly Come Dancing star partner wanted to rest to get ready for the latest performance of his show tonight. Gorka is preparing for his Firedance tour alongside Karen Hauer, in a series of Latin-inspired dance shows. Gemma explained that her fiancé is back “just for tonight” as he is set to perform in Manchester tonight for his show, where the two live together. She said, in view of her 1.7 million followers: “Gorka's back, I left him in the house with all that chaos. He’s back just for today, he’s got Manchester tonight for his show.” Impersonating Gorka's Spanish accent, she said: “'I might rest before the show, if it’s okay'.” READ NOW: BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint “No you won’t, sunshine!” Gemma exclaimed, in her normal voice. The star added: “I’m training, you’re looking after that lot.” Gemma also took to Instagram earlier this week to ask her followers to stick up for her after Gorka poked fun at her wardrobe malfunction fears. Gorka shared a short clip to his story of Gemma as she looked at herself in the mirror of her hotel room. She was wearing a pair of black leggings with a white hoodie and a coat. The star bent over in front of the mirror to make sure her underwear wasn’t showing through her leggings. Gorka addressed his 688,000 followers in disbelief. He wrote: “Is this a thing?” with a number of laughing emojis. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top [PHOTOS]Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [UPDATE] Gemma then reposted the story to her own account and asked fans to support her. She wondered if her fans also did a certain ‘test’ to make sure that they didn’t have an outfit blunder. She penned: “Every woman does the ‘see through test’ right?” The pair met in 2017 while she was partnered with Aljaz Skorjanec for Strictly, while Gorka competed with Alexandra Burke. The two went public with their romance in 2018 after the Strictly Tour. At the time, Gemma gushed on Manchester radio station Key 103 : “Obviously we worked together. “I’ve known him for six months now. During Strictly we only saw each other at weekends. “Everyone was saying, oh they’re together, but genuinely we weren’t.”