The BBC Weather meteorologist warned Brits about the clean-up some may face due to Saharan sands sweeping across the UK. Mr Evans predicted cloud and rain in parts of the North and Scotland. Spring weather will also be kicking in, with temperatures expected to rest around 13C to 14C in England and Wales, Mr Evans said: "Some of us across South-Eastern parts may see the influence of some Saharan dust that's coming up. "If the car looks absolutely filthy in the next 24hrs that's why I'll be chatting about that throughout the programme. "Snapshot of today then, sunny spells developing across Scotland and Northern Ireland, further South cloudier with some rain. "A satellite image from early on, quite a bit of cloud, behind this we see a bit of clearance pushing into Northan Ireland and parts of Scotland. JUST IN: 'Catastrophic failure!' North Korean projectile falls near Pyongyang after launch disaster    Mr Evans added: "We have two weather fronts here across the UK and they will bring cloud and some rain. "Heres the first one apart Scotland, North of England down through parts of Wales. "And then this other feature will introduce heavier spells of rain into South-Eastern parts. "Temperature-wise today, a bit of a contrast, a chilly start across Northern parts in particular. READ MORE: 'Recipe for failure' £120million Festival of Brexit blasted as 'vague and shape-shifting'     Mr Evans added: "And we'll get to about seven to ten celsius across parts of Northern Ireland and Scotland. Mr Evans added: "A chilly one tonight, temperatures down to about minus one celsius I think in places "Now through tomorrow, we have two things going on really, we have this ridge of the high-pressure building across much of England and Wales. "That weather front I mentioned just now, is this, will bring in the rain and the blustery winds to Northern Ireland and parts of Scotland as well. "Sunny spells here or there, the best of any brightness and sunshine across England and Wales and in the sunshine temperatures getting to 13C-14C." 