Peter Jones, 55, has spoken about how he was taken to the hospital after a sudden collapse. The Dragons’ Den judge shared his experience following one candidate’s reveal of his own medical product. The candidate, Paul Westerman, explained that his product was intended to treat DVT. Peter qualified the story with his own experience, sharing an incident in which he collapsed to the floor. He said of his medical emergency, which took place in 2011: “I know that this is an issue. “I was coming back on a flight from Los Angeles, and I basically ended up in hospital in Windsor with a tube in my groin.” READ MORE: Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby In the episode, which aired on BBC on January 13, the star spoke of how he “collapsed on the floor dead” after a “massive bilateral pulmonary embolism". The star added that he was due to get married just nine days after his health woes struck him down. He had also just suffered a knee injury a few weeks earlier. Explaining why he thinks he suffered the experience, he said that it was because he hadn’t been moving around enough. Peter said: “It was without a doubt because I wasn’t moving for a long period of time. "Ever since, I’ve done exactly the same as you. I literally move all the time, and even when I’m sitting in this chair.” In a February Q&A style interview with the Daily Mail, Peter spoke of how his “addiction to business” and workaholic lifestyle led to him getting pneumonia. He explained it was the “worst illness” he ever had. DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury says she's ‘lucky to be alive’ in new health update [UPDATE] Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [PHOTOS] ‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [INSIGHT] “Three years ago I had pneumonia,” he said at the time. “I had been working too hard and got a bit run-down. “I got very, very wheezy and had trouble breathing — so much so that I thought I was going to die. “I was put on a course of antibiotics.” He added that, despite the lifestyle, he didn’t stop working hard and even admitted to searching online about whether being “addicted to business” was a real affliction. Dragons’ Den has run for 19 seasons, and is hugely popular on BBC Two. Peter is the last remaining original investor on the show about budding entrepreneurs. Peter also is a star on the show, American Investor.