Chelsea hero Frank Lampard has been labelled a “genius” for persuading Thiago Silva to quit Paris Saint-Germain and move to west London in 2020. Silva has been a revelation since joining the Blues and has helped his side win the Champions League and Club World Cup in the last year. The defender spent the bulk of his career at PSG after joining the French club from AC Milan in 2012. He won seven Ligue 1 titles and five French Cups during his time in Paris after becoming a Serie A champion during a three-and-a-half-year spell in Italy. Silva shows no signs of slowing down despite celebrating his 37th birthday last September and was instrumental as the Blues thrashed Burnley at the weekend. The veteran, who has won a staggering 104 caps for Brazil, cleared the ball off the line after the Clarets’ Aaron Lennon had teed-up Wout Weghorst. And his performance won him the praise of former Tottenham forward Garth Crooks, who thinks Chelsea should be thanking Lampard for signing the star. JUST IN: Micah Richards responds to 'disrespectful' Roy Keane claim after derby   “The defender's positioning on the goalline was absolutely perfect,” Crooks said. “Not only did he save Edouard Mendy, who looked like he had been caught out of position, but he enabled Chelsea to keep a clean sheet. “Whoever's idea it was to bring Silva to Chelsea is a genius. The man is 37 years of age and looks like he could play in the Premier League until he's 40.” Silva was only able to work with Lampard for five months before the former England midfielder was given his marching orders at Stamford Bridge. DON'T MISS Man Utd's £175m mistake is Rangnick's main problem - not Ronaldo Roy Keane calls out two Man Utd stars in Man City loss - 'Frustrating' Man City beat Man Utd: Four things we learned from derby clash    But the Brazilian has previously paid tribute to the current Everton manager for encouraging him to move to west London. “He understood exactly what I needed at this stage of my career, probably because he had made a similar move when he was also 36 - from Chelsea to Manchester City,” Silva said last year. “Marina [Granovskaia] called me after I’d agreed, then passed me on to Frank.  “It was through a translator because I still don’t speak English and his accent is even tougher for me. “He hit the nail on the head from day one, saying, ‘Thiago, you don’t need to worry about your age - it’s not a concern for me at all. I’ll count on you absolutely and I want to listen to what you have to say.’ “I was over the moon with that - knowing everyone at the club, top to bottom, wanted me here.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here