Budget airline, Ryanair,will cancel 19 routes this summer. It said the flights were cancelled due to a lack of slots available at Lisbon airport. The flight cancellations could impact British tourists travelling to Lisbon from Birmingham or Bournemouth airport. A Ryanair spokesperson said: “These cancellations, which could be avoided, take place after numerous attempts, on the part of Ryanair, to ask the Portuguese Government to intervene in the release of slots unused by TAP in summer 2022.” TAP Air Portugal is Portugal’s flag carrier and reduced its fleet which Ryanair believed would free up slots at Lisbon airport. Ryanair said: “TAP received three billion euros (£2.4billion) in state aid, reduced its fleet by 20 percent, ended thousands of jobs and still released only less than five percent of its slots in Lisbon, thus blocking the growth of other airlines.” READ MORE:Holiday boost for British tourists as EU brings in new travel rules Michael O’Leary, CEO of Ryanair, said: “Our latest efforts to ask Prime Minister Antonio Costa to help resulted in a total of zero responses. “Ryanair is now forced to reduce its fleet of aircraft, from seven to four, in Lisbon this summer.” The Ryanair boss added that the cancellations would lose “150 well-paid jobs” and impact over 900,000 thousand passengers. He said it would lose more than 250 million euros (£207million) in tourism revenue for the city of Lisbon this summer. O’Leary said: “We regret this unnecessary inconvenience for all passengers on these cancelled flights and the loss of 19 routes due to TAP blocking unused slots in the summer of 2022 in Lisbon.” Ryanair said all customers on the cancelled flights would be notified by the end of this week with the possibility of requesting a refund or rebooking alternative flights. Routes impacted from Lisbon include several European destinations as well as two British airports. Customers flying to Lisbon with Ryanair from Bournemouth or Birmingham airport this summer could be affected. Ryanair said the routes would return to Lisbon in October for the winter schedule when there was space. O’Leary recently claimed that France and Germany would try to force British Airways to break away from its owner IAG. The British flag carrier could be impacted by EU laws that require airlines to be operated from member states. IAG has said that it is compliant with EU rules although some experts have disputed that claim. O’Leary also said that Ryanair would be the first airline to return to Ukraine once it was safe to do so. He said: “We will be the first airline to return to flying to Ukraine when it is safe to do so – when we’re allowed by the European safety agencies to do so. “But I suspect it will take probably this summer – and maybe into next winter – before those technologies can be restored at the Ukrainian airports, when the Ukrainians will hopefully have seen off the Russians and sent them back to where they came from.” Ryanair has said that customers impacted by the cancelled flights will be contacted by the end of the week. 