A billionaire friend of former US president Donald Trump is launching a speculative bid to buy Chelsea, according to reports. Woody Johnson, who also co-owns NFL outfit the New York Jets, will apparently submit a last-minute offer to purchase the stricken Premier League club before Friday’s deadline.   Chelsea have suffered badly from the implications of sanctions imposed on oligarch Roman Abramovich. The government sanctioned the 55-year-old last week due to his alleged association to Russian president Vladimir Putin. Abramovich had his UK assets frozen and Chelsea, who he purchased in 2003, are only allowed to operate under a special license. It was deemed that they are of significant cultural importance. But the Blues’ revenue streams have been seriously limited. They cannot sell tickets or merchandise, new contracts have been prevented, and they must only spend a certain amount on matchday expenses.   JUST IN: Arsenal told two ways they can beat Liverpool and 'exploit' weaknesses Abramovich put the club up for sale prior to his sanctioning and that sale can still go ahead. However, the government are overseeing the process and the Russian cannot profit. It is widely understood that several bids have been made, with the frontrunner a £2.7billion offer from the Saudi Media Group. Property developer and Chelsea supporter Nick Candy is believed to be putting together a consortium. However, the Sun report that former US ambassador to the UK Johnson will submit a whopping £2bn bid. It is below the figure offered by the Saudi Media Group.   DON'T MISS...Arsenal owner Kroenke faces biggest test with unexpected Arteta battleLiverpool, Man Utd and Chelsea in three-way battle for Barcelona aceLiverpool's Klopp gives seven-word response to Salah's agent's tweet But Johnson is believed to be confident that he can be the winning bidder due to his links to the UK. The report continues that funds for the bid will come from his family fortune of around £28bn. Johnson is heir to the Johnson & Johnson pharmaceutical dynasty and has co-owned the New York Jets since purchasing the NFL team in 2000. Former president Trump appointed the 74-year-old to be US ambassador to the UK in 2017. A source apparently told the Sun: “What Chelsea need right now is longevity and stability when it comes to a new owner. Woody and his team think they can provide that.    “He’s run the Jets successfully and knows a huge amount about the sports industry. And he’s spent the last four years in London and knows it well.” However, the Jets are yet to reach a Super Bowl under Johnson’s ownership and are on the longest run without a playoff appearance of any NFL team. Deadline for bids to buy Chelsea were this week extended until Friday. The government is keen for a sale to go ahead as soon as possible.   