The bank said it has been alerted to almost £1million (£880,000) worth of fake NHS COVID-19 text scams since January 2021. People have been conned out of thousands of pounds and some have lost their life savings. Impersonation scams have risen by a third (33 percent) during the pandemic as fraudsters take advantage of people carrying out more tasks online. To add insult to injury, fraudsters are capitalising on people’s fear for their health by sending fraudulent texts pretending to be from the NHS - one couple recently lost more than £20,000. Unfortunately, it’s not a one-off with Santander reporting numerous cases in the last couple of months. Its data shows that on average, people are being conned out of £5,600 each. READ MORE: TV licence discounts explained: Four ways you could save money Santander has issued a warning to customers urging them to be vigilant and not take texts or emails at face value after. While quite a few scams are doing the rounds, the NHS COVID-19 text scam is catching people out by telling them they have been in close contact with someone who has tested positive for COVID-19. However, the text includes a link to a fake NHS website to order a PCR test. Although only a small amount of money to cover postage for the PCR is requested, the website asks for personal details. DON'T MISS:Inflation to hit 40-yr high with incomes plummeting [WARNING]State pension payments to increase in April [UPDATE]Fury as over 60s to lose free prescriptions due to state pension rule [WARNING] The victim later received a call from someone claiming to be from the Santander fraud team. The fraudster convinced her to move her money to a safe account immediately. The scammer then asked to speak to her husband and advised him to move his money from his joint account as his wife’s details has been compromised. The couple lost more than £20,000 to the fraudster. Chris Ainsley, head of fraud control at Santander UK, said people need to be on high alert. He said: “Be on high alert if an SMS or email includes a link to a website, however genuine the website may look, and never feel pressured to move your money. "No bank or legitimate organisation will ask you to transfer your money to a safe account – ever.” If they think they have been a victim to a scam like this they should report it to their bank straight away. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Another common type of scam purports to be from the HMRC claiming that people owe money or are due a refund. In some cases the fraudster will get in touch again pretending to be the bank’s fraud team to inform them they have been the victim of an HMRC scam. They will then instruct them to transfer their money to a different account. Santander confirmed that more and more criminals are impersonating institutions people trust such as HMRC and well known banks and warned people not to click on links until they have checked it out. People can report and get advice about fraud or cyber crime by calling Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040.