Liverpool could reportedly look to return to Porto when the transfer market reopens in the summer with a move for Luis Diaz's former team-mate. The Reds caught a few people by surprise in January when they moved to sign Diaz in a deal worth up to £50million. Jurgen Klopp spent his time in January playing down the chances of much activity happening at Anfield in the market. But once it became clear that Tottenham were going to push with a bid to sign Diaz, Liverpool pushed their own transfer plans forward and swooped in to steal the Colombia international from under the noses of their rivals. The question was then asked how Diaz would fit into Liverpool's system with Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane, Roberto Firmino and Diogo Jota already fighting for a starting spot. However, Diaz has hit the ground running to become an integral part of Klopp's squad already as they continue to battle for a historic quadruple. He's already grabbed two goals in six league starts and will be needed for the final few weeks of the season. Having paid an initial fee of just £37.5m, it's already proving to be money well spent. JUST IN: Barcelona have same concern as Liverpool on Mohamed Salah transfer  And it appears as though Liverpool are keen to return to Porto for one of Diaz's former team-mates. According to Portuguese outlet Abola, Liverpool are one of a few clubs who are keen on signing Otavio. Manchester United and Newcastle are also said to be interested, although Porto may not be in any rush to sell. The 27-year-old signed a new long-term contract this time last year, but that reportedly includes a release clause worth around £50m. DON'T MISS  Otavio largely plays on the right wing for Porto, but has regularly stepped in more centrally. His form for Porto of late saw Otavio earn a call-up to Portugal's squad for their World Cup play-off against Turkey and he played a key role in the 3-1 win with one goal and an assist. While Diaz has enjoyed a barnstorming start to life at Liverpool, Jurgen Klopp insists there is still plenty of room for the winger to grow. "Nothing has happened yet," Klopp said. "Yes, the start has been really good. But he is a long-term project for us and we are a long-term project for him. There is loads more to come."