TripAdvisor has named the top up and coming staycation destinations in the UK for 2022. It could be time to get in the car and find a new hotspot. The travel company collected data from its site to find the best destinations tourists are planning to visit this year. This year’s number one up and coming destination in the UK is the tiny hamlet of Brithdir, according to Tripadvisor. Brithdir is located in the west of Wales and offers tourists plenty of beautiful countryside and pubs. St Mark's Church in Brithdir is Grade 1 listed and the charming village is a great spot to explore the surrounding countryside. READ MORE: Cheapest city in Australia for expats named - and it's 'wonderful' Wales is attracting a lot of attention this year and another gorgeous Welsh village took the second spot. Llanberis located at the foot of Snowdon, the highest mountain in Wales, was named the second best staycation destination. Visitors to the village are likely to want to attempt the tricky Snowdon climb and explore the national park. Those that don’t fancy the walk can take a train to the peak to enjoy incredible views of Snowdonia national park. In third place was Fulford in North Yorkshire, located just on the outskirts of the city of York. The historic village offers lovely riverside walks and is a great base for a day trip to York’s charming cafes and chocolatiers. South Queensferry was ranked as the fourth best staycation spot. Just outside Edinburgh, it was the highest scoring Scottish destination. Located on the water, many tourists visit the town to see its iconic three bridges and pastel coloured houses. Appleby-in-Westmorland rounded off the top five. The Cumbrian town is sandwiched between the Lake District, the Yorkshire Dales and the Northern Pennines. The stunning town is the perfect destination for hiking fans as they will be spoilt for choice when it comes to gorgeous walks. City fans might want to head to Tripadvisor’s sixth best spot, the thriving city of Manchester. Manchester’s buzzing nightlife scene offers a lot to party loving tourists, while culture vultures will find plenty to enjoy in the city. Further south, Oxford was ranked as the seventh best up and coming staycation destination in 2022. Visitors to the city can explore the world famous university architecture as well as enjoy the river. Cambridge was the eighth best spot and tourists can have a go at punting during the summer months. In ninth place was Brighton. The beautiful seaside spot is the perfect place to enjoy an ice-cream on the beach this year. 