Jeanne Young from Hull was 16 minutes late getting to her car at the Kingston Shopping Centre car park after falling over on the way back to the vehicle. That resulted in an immediate £100 fine which she went on to unsuccessfully appeal. Mrs Young is disabled and suffered a fall returning to her car which slowed her down. She suffers from a heart condition and waited until it was safe enough for her to drive again. Her appeal against the initial fine, which she received last year from a company called Smart Parking, was turned down, as she didn’t mention the fall because the charge arrived a month after the event. But a subsequent appeal by Mrs Young to an independent authority was also turned down despite her describing the circumstances of her accident, Hull Live reported. READ MORE: DVLA issues warning to elderly drivers Smart Parking have since cancelled the fine as a gesture of goodwill. Mrs Young said: said: "I couldn't believe it when the letter came through, I couldn't even remember being late back to my car so I appealed and said I thought disabled people had more time with a blue badge. "The first appeal was turned down and I told my daughter about it and she reminded me that the day of the fine was when I'd had a fall. "Disabled people take a bit longer doing things anyway and lots of shops still had Covid restrictions at that time so it was only one or two in at a time." DON'T MISSNew car tax changes set to be announced in weeks [INSIGHT]Major diesel changes being introduced in April will 'punish hauliers' [WARNING]New car tax will see all petrol and diesel vehicles charged in days [ANALYSIS] She added: "I had a fall going back to the car park because of my mobility, when I got to the car I had to wait for my heart to calm down because I have a condition and it wouldn't have been safe to drive." Mrs Young said that due to her not having mobile data on her phone she wouldn’t have been able to pay the charge for extra parking time during her trip as the system only accepts smartphone payments. Her second unsuccessful attempt to appeal the fine was to Parking on Private Land Appeals (POPLA) which is a body that steps in to independently decide on disputes between car owners and parking management companies. But that only resulted in her fine being upped to £170 and bailiffs being threatened. Before Smart Parking cancelled the fine, Mrs Young said she was ready to go to court over the matter which she felt showed a lack of compassion to disabled motorists. She said: "I've been back and there is a way to pay for extra time but it is only on a smartphone, there isn't a machine to put more time on your car if you need it. "When I went on Facebook to look the company up I saw about 80 percent of the complaints were from disabled people, it is vulnerable people that are being caught out by this most of the time. "There needs to be a bit more understanding and a bit more empathy from these companies when it comes to blue badge holders, it isn't fair and it's not right." A Smart Parking spokesperson said: “Smart Parking operate a BPA audited appeals service, and we encourage motorists to contact us if they feel they have been incorrectly charged. "Ms Young did appeal to us, but made no mention of having an accident, but instead said she assumed parking was free for 2 hours. "This is not the case and is clearly highlighted on numerous signs positioned around the car park. In light of this we rejected her appeal. "She subsequently contacted the independent appeals service POPLA, who also rejected her appeal. "However, now we have been given this additional information we have cancelled the charge as an act of goodwill."