Sarah was killed by serving police officer, Wayne Couzens, who abducted and raped the 33-year-old as she was walking home in south London last year. He was given a whole life sentence in September 2021 for Sarah’s murder. Since the revelation that Couzens, an active officer, was responsible for her killing, the Met Police have faced intense scrutiny over institutionalised misogyny and police attitudes towards the public. Emma Kay, a co-founder at WalkSafe, an app that helps women feel more secure when walking alone, said that on this first anniversary, there is little to show in the way of far-reaching change. She told Express.co.uk: “I don’t think women feel safer. “I think they feel very much under attack on all fronts.” With cautious optimism, Ms Kay described how she felt “real change” may be possible in the future, but one year on from Sarah Everard’s murder, there was still little concrete progress to be praised. She said: “I do feel this is the start of change and we are at least speaking about it. “We have to maintain that hope and pressure to make real change happen.” She continued: “We know there will rightly be a lot of scrutiny on the Met and Home Office on the tragic anniversary of Sarah’s death on Thursday, so I hope this is more than lip service and we start to see real change.” READ MORE: Sadiq Khan says London well prepared if Russia launches nuclear attack Family members of murdered Sarah Everard have paid tribute to her, on the first anniversary of her death on Thursday. In a statement released via the Met Police, Sarah’s family said they had been “overwhelmed” by public support, for which they were “incredibly grateful”. They said: “It is a year since Sarah died and we remember her today, as every day, with all our love.” They added: “Our lives have changed forever and we live with the sadness of our loss. DON'T MISS: FMQs: 'This is important' Fury as Sturgeon shuts down qs on £2bn [LIVE] Meghan and Harry have ‘incinerated' bridges in UK – poll results [INSIGHT] POLL: Do you think Brexit contributed to the invasion of Ukraine? [VOTE] “Sarah was wonderful and we miss her all the time. “Over the past year we have been overwhelmed with the kindness shown to us, not just by family and friends, but by the wider public. “We are immensely grateful to everyone for their support, it has meant such a lot to us and has comforted us through this terrible time.” They continued: “Sadly, Sarah is not the only woman to have lost her life recently in violent circumstances and we would like to extend our deepest sympathy to other families who are also grieving.” Boris Johnson added, a year on from Sarah’s murder: “Like everyone else, my heart goes out to the family and friends of Sarah Everard today. “The circumstances of her death were truly horrifying and I cannot imagine the pain they have suffered over this past year. “It is unacceptable that so many women and girls still fear and face violence and abuse, and perpetrators must be held to account for their actions. “Everyone deserves to feel safe on our streets.” The Met Police said: “Our thoughts are with Sarah Everard’s family and loved ones. “One year on we remain deeply disgusted and shamed that a Met police officer was responsible for Sarah’s appalling murder.” London Mayor Sadiq Khan added: “I am clear: we cannot simply respond to male violence against women and girls – we must prevent it.” He then committed to “continue to do everything within my power to ensure that ending violence against women and girls is treated with the utmost urgency, both by our police and society as a whole.”