Friendly relations between the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) and Ukraine have played a key role in Russia’s brutal invasion of the country, with the Kremlin insisting that military operations would be halted “in a moment” if Kyiv meets a list of requirements – one of which would see Ukraine abandon its attempts to join NATO. Russia has long-feared the perceived threat of NATO to its sovereignty, with Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying on Monday that it was “only a matter of time” before NATO placed nuclear missiles in Ukraine. Explaining the decision to invade, Mr Peskov said that NATO and Ukraine’s relationship – the two formed a peace partnership in 2014 after Russia’s annexation of Crimea – posed too great a threat to Russian security not to act. He said: “[NATO is] supplying weapons to Ukraine and preparing the army for NATO, bringing it in line with NATO standards. "We just understood we could not put up with this any more. We had to act.” Since the invasion began, however, NATO has been deeply reluctant to antagonise President Vladimir Putin, eager to keep boots off the ground in the hot zone of Ukraine. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has slammed the alliance over its perceived weakness in the face of the current threat posed by Russia. Most recently, Mr Zelensky slammed NATO’s decision not to impose a no-fly zone around Ukraine, after Putin said such an act would be seen as “participation in an armed conflict by that country”.  Mr Zelensky disagreed that direct action could "provoke Russia's direct aggression against NATO", and said the argument reflected the "self-hypnosis of those who are weak, under-confident inside" and indicated that "not everyone considers the struggle for freedom to be Europe's number one goal". But NATO's Secretary-General, Jens Stoltenberg, warned that the introduction of a no-fly zone could lead to a "full-fledged war in Europe involving many more countries and causing much more human suffering". On Thursday, Mr Zelensky issued a fresh call for a no-fly zone after the bombing of a maternity hospital in the city of Mariupol which killed at least three people, including a six-year-old child, calling NATO an “accomplice to terror” if it didn’t “close the skies”. Responding to a question on this at a press conference in Washington DC after a meeting with the US Secretary of State, UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said the best way to protect Ukrainian skies is through "anti-air weaponry" which the UK is now supplying. She said the attack was "absolutely abhorrent, reckless and appalling” and that the UK was at the forefront of supplying humanitarian aid to Ukraine.  NATO is an alliance built of 30 countries, with the core principle of collective defence – “all for one and one for all”. Often referred to by its official clause name, Article 5 forms the “very heart” of NATO’s founding treaty, which NATO says “remains a unique and enduring principle that binds its members together, committing them to protect each other and setting a spirit of solidarity within the Alliance”. This means that if any NATO country is attacked, it is considered an attack on every country in NATO. Of course, not all nations are created equal in the eyes of NATO. The United States has the lion’s share when it comes to army size and sheer military might, by a long way, with an annual defence spend somewhere around the $800billion (£600billion) mark. That’s good news for countries like Montenegro, with an annual defence budget of just $88million (£67million) mark. In fact, the US spends more than double the rest of NATO combined on defence each year.   As well as being the biggest defence spender in the world, the US has a powerful arsenal and a huge amount of manpower – 1.3 million active troops, with another 865,000 in reserve, according to The New York Times. The UK is the second biggest overall spender in NATO, putting nearly £50billion into defence annually, compared to Germany’s £45billion, France’s £42billion and Italy’s £20billion. When it comes to personnel, the US is again the biggest hitter, with more than 1.3 million active military personnel, according to 2021 data from Statista. Proportionally, the US makes up around 40 percent of all 3.3 million armed personnel available to NATO. The remaining 60 percent is made up of the other 29 member states. Turkey is in second place in terms of manpower, with 445,000 soldiers, while the UK is sixth with 156,000. When it comes to nuclear power, the US again takes the lead, with an estimated 5,600 nuclear warheads. The UK has 225.  NATO also has access to warships, tanks, frigates and air forces from its members — overall, the US comes out on top across all categories. The US commands approximately 490 warships, while the UK has 75. The US is believed to have around 10,000 tanks, 26 frigates, and the biggest air force in the world. But while NATO — particularly with the weight of the United States behind it — is a force to be reckoned with, Russia is still a very, very serious threat. In a Q&A on Sky News, defence specialist Alistair Bunkall said: “If it were a simple game of Top Trumps, the West would win [in a war between NATO and Russia] by dint of the US, which has the most powerful military in the world. “But President Putin is a wily leader, and has wrong-footed the West on multiple occasions through the use of hybrid warfare in recent years. “The Russian armed forces, once a decrepit legacy of the Cold War, have received massive investment in recent decades and should not be underestimated. They are very capable in some areas, and a match for NATO. “Ultimately an all-out conflict between Russia and NATO would be bloody and result in a huge number of deaths on all sides.” 