And tiredness seems to equal forgetfulness, with many struggling to remember why they walked into a room, someone’s name, or the day of the week. Other mishaps in the top 30 list were missing appointments, putting cereal in the fridge and milk in the cupboard, and even leaving car keys in the car. It also emerged the average adult makes three mistakes a day due to tiredness - with forgetting what year it is, bumping the car when driving, and putting clothes on backwards or inside out also on the list. Zoe Trimble, spokeswoman for Lucozade Alert, which commissioned the research ahead of the clocks going forward this weekend, said: “It’s no surprise to see the nation struggling to feel fully alert after losing an hour of rest. “When we’re tired, we’ve all forgotten why we’ve walked into rooms, where we’ve placed our keys, or thought of the perfect comeback way too late. The brain fog is real.” The study also found that when adults think back to the mistakes they’ve made due to tiredness, they feel embarrassed (35 percent) and annoyed (33 percent) - yet also amused (25 percent). But 68 percent went as far as to say they struggle to think straight as a result of getting less sleep than usual, and 70 percent can’t concentrate on tasks. After a poor night’s kip, 38 percent have slept through their alarm, while 35 percent have cancelled social plans, and a quarter even called in sick to work. Respondents predicted they need seven hours of sleep to avoid suffering from tiredness, and believe they waste three hours a day due to not feeling fully awake. The research found 2:32pm is the time of day the most mistakes are likely to be made, while 10:18am is when people feel most alert. And Friday is the day of the week Brits believe they’ll make the most sleepy mishaps. But two-thirds (67 percent) have had someone else point out mistakes they’ve made as a result of being fatigued. With the clocks going forward this weekend, one in five adults believe they’ll feel tired, while 15 percent expect to experience confusion, and 13 percent will be zoned out. As a result, more than a third (35 percent) of those polled, via OnePoll, will avoid making any social plans on March 27th. And almost half (44 percent) admitted their whole routine feels messed up the day after the clocks go forward, with it taking an average of four days to adjust fully. Zoe added: “With Brits complaining of feeling tired an average of three times a day, and the research finding we’ll take an average of four days to recover, we want to help the nation get sharp.” TOP 30 MISTAKES BRITS MAKE AS A RESULT OF BEING TIRED: