Sean Murray is a veteran NCIS cast member, having starred in almost every episode of the police procedural. His character Agent Timothy McGee has been the one constant throughout the show's 19 seasons so it's no wonder fans are determined to know all there is about actor Murray. While he usually keeps his personal life away from the spotlight, the CBS actor gave his social media followers a small glimpse of quality time with his daughter. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.Onscreen, McGee is married to Department of Defence's Delilah (played by Margo Harshman) who he now has two children with. NCIS has documented McGee's progression over the years, from briefly dating Abby Sciuto (Pauley Perrette), to settling down as a family man. While viewers are confident they know all there is about McGee, they aren't so sure about the man behind the field agent. But the 44-year-old has taken to social media to share a rare picture of himself and his daughter Caitlyn. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell After attending a concert, Murray posted a couple of selfies with the 15-year-old. The caption reads: “System of a Down in LA a few weeks ago with my beautiful Cay... one of the best times of my life. “Headbanging for two hours with your child is one of those things you don't get to do often. highly recommended #dadlife #ncis.” When the pictures were posted, it wasn't too long before the fans' reaction came flooding in. One fan commented: “I love System of a Down! Such an amazing band! What a great bonding experience." Another said: “You two are so cute!", while a third labelled the NCIS star a "cool dad". One of his followers didn't seem to know Murray had any children, writing: “Oh my gosh! [Your] child?", with three red heart emojis. Unbeknown to some fans, he is the father of not one but two children, the second being 10-year-old son River. DON'T MISS...Camilla Cabello suffers wardrobe malfunction on The One Show [VIDEO]NCIS Hawaii: Jesse’s exit ‘sealed’ after worrying promo clue  [THEORY]NCIS season 19: Fans call for newcomer to become a permanent agent [REACTION] Murray is married to businesswoman and former teacher Carrie James. Little details are known about their relationship and how they met but the couple have been married since November 2005. In terms of the rest of his family, Murray's step-father is none other than television producer and NCIS creator Donald P Bellisario. He is also the step-brother of actress Troian Bellisario who was Spencer in Pretty Little Liars. NCIS will return for episode 15 Thick as Thieves, on Monday, March 14 on CBS. This time around, focus is going to be on Aiden Parker (Gary Cole) and his life before becoming a law-abiding citizen. The synopsis reads: "Parker's delinquent past resurfaces when NCIS is called to Philadelphia to investigate the death of a Navy petty officer." NCIS season 19 continues every Monday on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced.