Newcastle are stepping up their plans to make a £12million summer move for Bournemouth centre-back Lloyd Kelly. The Saudi Arabia-backed north east outfit are looking to upgrade their squad as they aim to make fast progress up the Premier League table. Magpies boss Eddie Howe is gradually steering Newcastle away from the relegation zone this season. A run of six wins in seven games, before recent losses at Chelsea and Everton, has lifted them away from the bottom of the league. Newcastle are still not completely out of danger. But Newcastle now have a nine-point barrier between themselves and the bottom three - and Howe is already planning to strengthen his side to avoid another struggle next season. Howe signed Kelly for Bournemouth from Bristol City in his last season in charge at the Vitality Stadium in a £13m deal in May 2019. And the defender is one of the Newcastle boss' top targets for the summer. MUST READ: Newcastle join Arsenal, Spurs and Man Utd in race for Victor Osimhen But Kelly, 23, is a fixture in Scott Parker’s Cherries side. Bournemouth strengthened their grip on the automatic promotion places in the Championship with a comprehensive 3-0 win at Huddersfield on Saturday. And the versatile Kelly, who can also slot in at left-back, also still has two years left on his Bournemouth contract. That ensures it will not be an easy deal to negotiate, particularly if they secure a return to the top flight. Newcastle have already raided Bournemouth for several key players in the past, with Callum Wilson, Ryan Fraser and Matt Ritchie all making their way to St James’ Park. And Howe has been linked with a host of defenders since taking over at the Toon in November. MORE PREMIER LEAGUE NEWS...Mike Dean's four most iconic Premier League momentsMan Utd board 'split' over Ten Hag and Pochettino with two others eyedDe Bruyne issues Liverpool threat as Man City seek to wreck season Burnley’s James Tarkowski and Manchester City’s Nathan Ake are among those to have been named. But Kelly is a player who he would love to reunite with. Howe did bring in Brighton centre back Dan Burn in January, and the former Fulham man has been a big success since his £13m move - but Howe is intent on further strengthening his defence. Kelly, handed the captain’s armband at Bournemouth in the summer, is the youngest captain in the division. But Parker said recently: "Lloyd is a good type – fact. He has good values, good morals, an unbelievable professional, wants to learn constantly." Newcastle manager Howe made clear in January what he wants from any new players he brings in: "Positivity, leadership, winning mentality – you have to try and bring those types of characters into the group. If you're bringing the opposite to that, the dynamics of the group can change in a negative way... they have to be the right new players."