Charity (played by Emma Atkins) has had a busy time of late on Emmerdale as she has had to complete the renovations on the Woolpack as well as overseeing the relaunch of the iconic pub. Amongst all this, she has been struggling to understand her feelings for her ex-girlfriend Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick) and in the process, she pushed her boyfriend, Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb) away. Moira (Natalie J Robb) has been left angry with the landlady for driving her brother out of the village but it seems she will channel her husband, Cain Dingle's (Jeff Hordley) villainy in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap. The drama begins during next week's episodes of the weeknight serial drama as Charity continues to get over her break-up with Mackenzie. Deciding she wants to be a bit playful, official soap spoilers have revealed she will end up flirting with the drayman. What the village vixen does not realise is Moira is watching from the shadows and she is horrified by what she sees. However, the landlady soon admits she is struggling with her former lover not being around and she demands his sister speaks to him. Having seen what Charity has been up to, Moira tells her there is no way she is going to help her and she blames her solely for driving her young sibling away. READ MORE: Emmerdale couple Marcus Dean and Ethan Anderson torn apart by Robert? Whilst all this is going on, Vanessa decides to confide in her friend and colleague Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) about her near kiss with Charity. Unfortunately, Chas Dingle's (Lucy Pargeter) husband makes a huge error as he later tells Moira about what happened. The farmer is fuming to discover Charity almost cheated on her brother and it is clear she wants revenge on the village vixen. With a plot forming in her head, she decides she is going to change tact and it's not long before she is being nice to Charity. Moira offers to drive them both up to Scotland so they can go and see Mackenzie to try and talk some sense into him about coming home. Seeing this as the perfect opportunity to win her ex-boyfriend back, Charity accepts the offer, unaware of what is really on the agenda. Wanting to avenge her brother, Moira drives to the middle of nowhere and asks her brother's cheating ex-girlfriend to get out of the car. Charity is left seriously confused but she is soon in a desperate position as she is left on the side of the road with no phone or purse. Moira might think she is just playing with Charity's head a little bit but a new theory from Express.co.uk suggests this could be the end of the village vixen. One way in which she could make her exit at this point is if she decides to get a lift with a passing driver and decides she wants to get as far away from the village as possible. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Mark Charnock discusses challenges of portraying a stroke [COMMENT]Natalie J Robb health: Emmerdale star's drastic health change [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Charley Webb sparks frenzy with reunion with co-stars [COMMENT] However, another alternative way she could leave is if she is left out all night in the cold and ends up succumbing to the freezing temperatures. When Moira goes to find Charity after having a change of heart overnight, she could find the village vixen's corpse on the side of the road. The farmer would be shocked to discover her plans for revenge end up with Charity being killed but she could also see it as a way of getting her out of Mackenzie's life for good. Moira would get rid of the body before returning to the Dales, where she would tell the rest of the Dingles Charity decided she was going to move away following their trip to Scotland. Knowing this is how the village vixen acts, no one would blink an eyelid and they would all fall for Moira's lies. Realising something doesn't add up about his wife's version of events, Cain could become sceptical about Charity's whereabouts. Having been in a toxic romance with Charity in the past, the village bad boy would still care for her in some respect. What he wouldn't be expecting is to discover his wife actually left his former lover to die and disposed of the body somewhere. Devastated by the news, Cain could decide he is going to report his wife to the police as she is out of control. But having developed a nack for silencing people, could she also get rid of her husband so her killer ways are never exposed? The actor who plays Cain, Jeff, has spoken out about his character's feelings for both Charity and Moira, explaining: "It’s a difficult one, we’re all blessed here. "But I’m particularly blessed because I’ve got Emma and Natalie on either side and they make me look so good because they are really, really strong. "I think Cain and Charity will always exist, but I think in terms of where the writers have written Cain, I think he should probably be with Moira because when they put Cain and Charity together and they try and keep them in a stable relationship it doesn’t work because they’re too mischievous. "The writers always ended up writing themselves into a corner because if they’re together something’s going to happen to Cain or Charity that either puts them in prison or ends their lives. "It doesn’t work us being together in the long term. Whereas I think Cain with Moira has more longevity and you can see the two existing," he told Metro.co.uk but could both Charity and Cain be making an exit in this latest storyline twist? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.