Roman Abramovich has already sought out potential buyers for Chelsea after stepping back from his role at the club, but any prospective new owners reportedly face a mountain of debt. Chelsea fans were stunned at the weekend as Abramovich announced - less than 24 hours before the Carabao Cup final - that he was relinquishing 'stewardship of the club' in the wake of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The Russian billionaire decided to hand over the day-to-day running of the club to the "the trustees of Chelsea's charitable foundation". But reports quickly emerged that those trustees weren't fully on board with Abramovich's plans. Further discussions have been held with the trustees, who want more details on what is happening. Reports earlier this week indicated that Abramovich's announcement had nothing to do with any plans to sell the club. JUST IN: Six Chelsea players Tuchel should give chance to vs Luton in FA Cup  However, The Telegraph now sensationally claim up to three parties are hopeful of putting an offer on the table to entice Abramovich into selling. Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss has even come out and said he's already been offered the chance to buy Chelsea this week. "Abramovich is one of Putin's closest advisers and friends," Wyss told Blick. "Like all other oligarchs, he is also in a panic. Abramovich is trying to sell all his villas in England. He also wants to get rid of Chelsea quickly. I and three other people received an offer on Tuesday to buy Chelsea from Abramovich. DON'T MISS  "I have to wait four to five days now. Abramovich is currently asking far too much. You know, Chelsea owe him £2 billion. But Chelsea has no money. Means: Those who buy Chelsea should compensate Abramovich." Wyss' statement on Chelsea's financial situation is echoed in a report by The Telegraph which highlights the growing cost their potential new owners would face. Abramovich has pumped millions into Chelsea football club and turned them into perennial contenders on the world stage, but his largest project failed to get off the ground after he opted against seeing through plans for a new stadium. It is reported that the move, which had all-but been finalised, would cost in the region of an eye-watering £1.4billion. But the cost now 'is estimated at closer to £2.2bn' with that price only likely to increase over the ensuing years. Moving away from Stamford Bridge has been a huge talking point at the club for many years with Chelsea falling behind their rivals in matchday revenue. There is also the issue that Abramovich doesn't hold the freehold for Stamford Bridge, which belongs to non-profit plc Chelsea Pitch Owners (CPO). Moving away from Stamford Bridge without CPO permission would potentially see Chelsea Football Club - by name - no longer exist. It remains unclear what, if any, sanctions Abramovich faces with many UK MPs calling for the Chelsea owner's assets to be frozen and seized.