Nigel Peaple, director of policy and advocacy at the Pension and Lifetime Savings Association, told the Work and Pensions Committee (WPC) that a combined product for anyone reaching retirement age could replace needing to provide advice. The combined product would be a mixture of cash, investments and guaranteed income that is designed to be “fit for purpose”, and forego the need to seek advice on how to approach your pension.  Mr Peaple likened the process of using the new system to buying a car, in that "you don't have to understand everything about an engine to get one that works" because there is an understanding that it has already passed certain tests. This echoes the Financial Conduct Authority’s investment pathways scheme rolled out at the end of last year, which provided those reaching retirement age with one of a set of four pre-planned retirement plans. The move was regarded by experts as a good idea on paper, but one that would lead to worse situations for many. CEO of MyPensionExpert Andrew Megson has argued that the most recent suggestion at the WPC will further disadvantage people approaching retirement. He told Express.co.uk that everyone has different circumstances and that the decision will likely be most damaging for those who are more disadvantaged, to begin with.   He said: “People are always afraid when they get to retirement. It’s a massive change to people’s lives, and they’re worried about the financial implications. “There is no one size fits all. It’s fine for a snapshot, but people’s circumstances change. Flexibility is important.” MPs at the WPC meeting suggested a form of enhanced guidance, with a suggested definition of "guidance on the options available which is tailored to an individual dependent on the information they provide, without a recommendation.” However, Mr Megson was certain that guidance that could not take into account different circumstances would not help. He said: “I’m all for increasing access to advice for the wider population. It's really important to break this idea that independent financial advice is only for the wealthy. READ MORE: Benefits cheat forced to sell home after claiming thousands from Spain [REVEAL] “However, what experience has shown us is that self navigation, what we call robo-advice, doesn't work. “People don’t understand the implications of the options and then they just fall off.” He went on to explain how following automated guidance could lead to worse financial outcomes for those not accessing advice. “An automated advice system just tries to figure out what you want to achieve - which is normally driven by pretty short term goals. “So it won’t recommend a long term strategy, which is what you need. You end up seeing people drawing huge lumps of money because it’s simpler.  DON'T MISS: Sky News reporter takes on Lavrov over hospital tragedy [ANALYSIS]Brexiteer pinpoints EXACT reason Jacob Rees-Mogg powerless in new job [INSIGHT]Brexit Britian leads EU on Ukraine: The graphic that shames Remainers [REVEAL] “But then they get hit with a huge income tax, which they weren’t aware of. Most of the population are going to get hit with the top 40 percent tax bracket when they do that. “There is a huge amount of jargon in financial services, and there’s so much complexity with people’s pensions, and it’s very easy to make the wrong decision.” Mr Megson added that those with smaller funds would be the most harmed by a government shift towards guidance. He said: “Those people with massive retirement funds, they’ll always be okay. But it’s the ones with less that it’s difficult for. This will not help them.” The government is due to respond to the committee’s recommendations by March 18 2022. 