During the winter months, lawn growth slows down, meaning it doesn’t need to be cut at all or as often. However, as the weather gets warmer and it starts to grow again, gardeners can once again return to cutting their lawn frequently. Experts have shared top tips on cutting the lawn as well as other jobs to help the lawn “look its best”. Experts at Cobra, the UK’s largest range of powered lawnmowers, have shared top tips on cutting the lawn this spring. They said: “If the weather conditions have been dry for a few days and the ground is firm, you’ll be able to tackle the first mow of the year. “The first few cuts are important as even though the grass may have started to grow, it still won’t be at its full strength, so it’s vital that you take care to avoid causing damage. “Mowing the lawn in the right weather conditions, and at the right height and frequency, is always important but the first few cuts are even more important because the grass is not yet growing steadily so the potential for damage is greater. READ MORE: Japanese knotweed warning as weed starts to grow - signs to look for “You should also set the cutting height to the highest option, as shorter cuts will stimulate grass growth and encourage the blades to thicken over time.” The experts recommended keeping on top of lawn care throughout the year. They explained: “Employing a simple care and maintenance routine a couple of times a year, in spring and autumn, will really help a lawn look its best. “Lawns may be suffering from compaction at this time of year causing the grass to yellow or for weeds to grow.” DON'T MISS:Crops with ‘very little upkeep’ to sow now [EXPLAINER]Octopus Energy first to offer deal BELOW energy price cap rise [INSIGHT]How to ‘instantly’ make any room feel bigger - ‘one of the best ways’ [EXPERT] If this is the case, gardeners may want to scarify their lawns. The scarification process removes organic matter such as thatch or moss from the grass to help it grow. It can also help water to reach the soil and allow nutrients to reach grass plants. The experts added: “After raking or scarifying, lawns can be mowed around once every fortnight, making sure not to cut it too short as this will strip it of essential moisture and cause it to dry out. “As spring progresses into summer, mowing frequency can be increased as it begins to grow faster.” It can be hard to know when to first cut the lawn, but as long as the weather is dry and the grass is growing, gardeners can cut their grass. However, Cobra explained that gardeners should remember the other jobs that comes with looking after a lawn. They said: “It’s not all about mowing! “Scarifying will remove any dead matter and aerating will prevent it from happening again. “Water thoroughly and do it early in the day to avoid high temperatures, never water after dark.” Gardeners may also want to consider a mulching mower which will help to return the nutrients back to the lawn and act as a natural feed. During the active growth months, lawn treatments can be applied to help it flourish and target weeds in the lawn. For any sparse patches that occur during the warmer months, the experts recommended re-seeing these areas.