Mercedes are worried that Red Bull and Ferrari may be impossible to catch if they manage to pull away from the rest of the field before the German team's next planned upgrade at Imola, according to reports. The Silver Arrows are currently third in the pecking order in terms of outright car performance but managed to sneak an unlikely podium through Lewis Hamilton at Sunday's season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix. Hamilton was all the way down in fifth place and more than 30 seconds adrift of race leader Charles Leclerc before he was gifted two places when Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez were forced to retire after a late safety car during the last few laps. The 37-year-old snuck into third as a result of the problems suffered by the Red Bull duo to rubber-stamp a surprisingly good start to the new campaign for Mercedes.The Silver Arrows have been dealing with a number of lingering issues since pre-season testing and would not have been expecting to make the podium in Bahrain before reaping the rewards of their good fortune at the end of the race. Those in Brackley are working hard to put things right and will be delivering performance upgrades in the near future, but it seems as though their efforts to aid Hamilton's latest title bid could ultimately be in vain.Mercedes have identified the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix as a potential 'turning point' at which they will rejoin the likes of Red Bull and Ferrari at the front of the grid, according to FUno Analisi Tecnica. However, those in command are painfully aware that it will be a 'very complex' job to catch up if their Constructors' Championship rivals manage to make plenty of progress over the next few weeks. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton fires shots at Red Bull after snatching podium spot Team members are reportedly concerned that fundamental aerodynamic and mechanical changes will need to be made in order to claw back their performance deficit over the rest of the campaign. There is said to be minimal room for error under the new regulations, with all teams now being forced to work within a budget cap that was introduced to balance out the lucrative spending power of the sport's biggest players.It remains to be seen whether Mercedes will be able to pull themselves back into contention for both end-of-season titles or if Red Bull and Ferrari will simply be too strong over the course of the entire campaign. Toto Wolff has already insisted that drag reduction will be a priority ahead of Sunday's race in Saudi Arabia as the Silver Arrows look to iron out the problems that have threatened to derail their hopes of clinching a ninth successive Constructors' Championship triumph over the coming months. "It's easier to shed drag off the car because you simply take a chainsaw and cut the rear wing to bits and so that is what we will be doing for Jeddah," Wolff told Sky Sports F1 after the Bahrain Grand Prix. "I think we were probably over-winged. We had too much drag and that is just because we are lacking parts at the moment and hopefully we can remedy that."It is half or a little bit more maybe of the top speed disadvantage but we need to really leave no stone unturned on the power unit side. I think at the moment we are five and six, third on the road and we are trying to recover ground but it's not going to come from one day to another." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE