Ukraine tennis star Sergiy Stakhovsky has explained his heartbreaking decision to join his country’s resistance following the recent invasion from neighbouring Ukraine. The invasion from Russian President Vladimir Putin has seen a number of the Ukrainian public conscribed to their country’s military effort. This includes tennis icon Stakhovsky, who revealed soon after the invasion that he would be joining his country’s defence, after Russian troops continued to make ground on Ukrainian land. Three weeks on from the initial invasion, Stakhovsky has spoken about his pledge to the war, admitting he worries his nation could be ‘erased from the maps and history books’ if the Russians succeed with their invasion. In a heartbreaking interview with Marca, the 36-year-old spoke bravely about the harrowing situation. When asked why he decided to join the war effort he said: “I suppose because it's my country that we are talking about. Russia and its president, Vladimir Putin, have said on multiple occasions that Ukraine has never existed and that it was created by the Soviet Union. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios' hilarious reply to heckler during Rafa Nadal clash “I am quite certain that if Ukraine lose this war it will be erased from the maps and the history books of Russia and the entire world. There would be no country to go back to. I would have the nationality of a country that never existed, and I'm not prepared to accept this. Stakhovsky went on to reveal his thoughts on whether he felt Ukraine were able to defend their nation, and prevent a Russian takeover. He added: “We are going to resist for a long time to come. Russia will not be able to take full control of Ukraine because resistance is everywhere. It is in the streets, amongst civilians and around the world. The whole world is against Russia.” The 36-year-old left behind his three children at home in order to join the defence, and whilst admitting he misses his family he has no plans of returning home until Ukraine are successfully able to defend their land. Asked if he was afraid, he responded: “Of course I'm afraid. I believe that only stupid people are not afraid. But fortunately, there is no crossfire right now in Kiev because the Russian troops can't enter the city. “There are many barriers in the outskirts of Kiev. The only danger right now is coming from the sky with the bombs. Perhaps there are small groups of Russian soldiers trying to reach Kiev, but for us it like hunting season has begun. Everyone knows that if they see a group of Russians trying to reach the city, we have to catch them. It is not the best choice for them. And in terms of returning, of course I have thought about it. I think about it daily. I have three children. But right now, we are at war and right now no citizen between 18 and 60 years old can leave the city. We will be here for as long as it lasts.”