Max Verstappen has called for yearly investigations into F1 rules despite benefiting from a late-race safety car to win the 2021 world title. Speaking to Sky Sports F1, he said: “I think it’s good they showed it to the world, what they have been investigating. “But also for me, these kind of investigations should happen every single year because as an organisation or as a team you always want to try and improve and try and do things better. “For me it’s a natural process you have to do anyway.” The recent FIA report looked into the end of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix after Michael Masi’s late safety car caused a controversial end to last season. READ MORE: Max Verstappen has major advantage over Charles Leclerc at Saudi GP   Masi did not let all lapped cars overtake the leader before the end of the safety car and did not leave an extra lap for these lapped cars to catch the back of the pack. The report claimed “human error” was to blame for the chaos at the end of the race. Masi was later sacked as race director to be replaced by Niels Wittech and Eduardo Freitas. Verstappen’s latest remarks are slightly different from those he made at last week’s Bahrain Grands Prix. Ahead of the report’s publication last week, he claimed F1 did not need to release it to the public. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen admits 'terrible' Red Bull mistake after Jeddah blow [INSIGHT]Verstappen hits out at 'dangerous' Saudi track after Schumacher crash [ANALYSIS]Red Bull concerns grow after AlphaTauri mechanical issues [COMMENT] He said: "I don’t think we need a full report. Of course always every year it’s good to discuss about happened in the year before. Right? “You always analyse everything you do. So, yeah, we’ll find out and if there’s things that can be written down in an easier way, or a way to understand it better, the wording, then for sure. But yeah let’s see.” Lewis Hamilton also reacted to the publication of the report and welcomed its “transparency”. He said: “Look, I wasn’t expecting an apology and it is not something I have focused on. We know that is the way it is, and that was probably not going to happen. "But at least there is that transparency, and it has been called a human error and that is a positive step. We cannot go back unfortunately and change the past so I just look at what I can do now.” 