Misty was in a poor state when she was rescued from a property in Merseyside by the RSPCA last July. The two-year-old Catahoula Leopard dog was found in the filthy building with no food and water alongside her dead canine friend. Misty was taken to the RSPCA’s Greater Manchester Animal Hospital for emergency treatment before being transferred to the charity's Chesterfield branch. She has been learning sign language as she waits for the right adopters to come along. Steph McCawley, supporter engagement officer at the RSPCA centre, said: “Misty was in a bad way when she first came to our branch for rehabilitation “She was very underweight and needed a special diet to bring her back to a more healthy size- she was also very frightened and timid following her ordeal and needed to learn to trust again. “Staff at the centre working with her also soon realised she was deaf and so have been teaching her sign language commands to help her in the next chapter of her life.” Misty is looking for an understanding owner who can "help her put her sad past firmly behind her". She is a working breed so adopters will need to be active and provide plenty of stimulation. Ms McCawley said: “She is full of energy and a zest for life now. When she first spies you in the morning, her eyes light up, her voice sings, she bounces with excitement. READ MORE: Terrified puppy with deformed legs 'thrown away like piece of rubbish' “You try to get the lead on her and she’s so busy working out where she’s off to next that she forgets to sit still long enough to actually clip it on! "She puts her paws to your chest, and looks into your eyes with hers, tongue lolling. Her face is a picture. "You can’t spend time with her and not love her. DON'T MISSRSPCA must prosecute Zouma for cat cruelty, says CAROLE MALONE [COMMENT]Dog stuck underground for nearly three DAYS is freed [PICTURES]Inseparable dogs looking for home together - special appeal [INSIGHT] “She wants to be loved and she wants to be happy again. "She is safe now, she is well, but our environment cannot meet all her needs, she is an active, bouncy young dog with an undimmed zest for life. “We try our best but she deserves better than what we can offer - she needs a loving home where she can get the attention she needs and deserves to help her put her sad past firmly behind her.” Inspector Helen Smith, who rescued Misty from the building, added: “I could tell MIsty was a special girl when we took her into our care. "She was obviously timid but was a lovely dog - and her transformation at the branch is amazing. "I hope she finds the loving home she deserves soon.” Find out more about Misty and other dogs looking for homes at the RSPCA's Chesterfield branch here. 