The touching image shows a young boy in tears as he holds his beloved pet in a warm embrace, in one of many heartfelt pictures circulating on social media.A much wider project is now underway to ensure Ukrainian refugees fleeing the war are not only safely accommodated away from the devastation at home, but are kept as a family unit with their pets. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Dominic Dyer, wildlife protection and animal welfare campaigner, as well as author and co-host of “Off the Lead Podcasts” said Ukrainians will not be “broken by bombs and bullets” when it comes to caring for their pets. Moments before entering a high-level meeting with Government officials over how to accommodate Ukrainian refugees and their pets in Britain, Mr Dyer discussed the current barriers facing those fleeing the war, and the effect on their pets. My Dyer said: “Current regulations require pets are impounded when they enter Britain over health concerns surrounding rabies. “Already of those having arrived in the UK, there are examples of dogs impounded. The Government has agreed refugees will be able to bring pets. “Yet, if there is no viable proof of rabies vaccines, the pets will have to quarantine for three months.”  Mr Dyer explained campaigning is underway to change the current rules. He said: “The Government has agreed to cover the costs of any quarantine period for those bringing pets. “Many in Ukraine do vaccinate their animals against rabies, in fact around 5 million already are. “We are now hoping to filter out those pets that are vaccinated, and maybe look at home quarantine options instead. “The notion of Ukrainian refugees bringing in pets has become a top factoring incentive in families opening their homes to those fleeing war.”  READ MORE:‘Upsetting’ Farmer SHOOTS dog after it attacks sheep The Government has also published advice to help those bring their pets into the UK from Ukraine. Mr Dyer also spoke of Government awareness when it comes to animals and pets in war-torn countries. He said: “Ben Wallace has now learned how important pets are. As Defence Secretary, he has done a great job with Ukraine. “He saw similar incidents with pets and animals in Afghanistan. Following the evacuation of many Afghans after the Taliban swept to power, we now have highly qualified Afghan vets waiting in Islamabad in Pakistan. “With the potential need for such skills now becoming greater in the UK with the arrival of Ukrainian pets, we are trying to get the vets over to Britain to help out.”  DON'T MISS:Chilling reason Putin has not assassinated Ukraine's Zelensky [REPORT]Teacher suspended after refusing to use student pronouns [REVEAL]Macron humiliated as France could run out of ammo within DAYS [OPINION] My Dyer also spoke of a serious problem emerging. He said: “Some voices are raising concerns that animals are now being put before humans when it comes to refugees.” The topic was also raised during the Afghanistan evacuation in which some asked if “we were going mad” by putting pets before people.  Mr Dyer ended by saying: "Unlike any previous conflict in Europe, the Russian invasion of Ukraine is resulting in the largest movement of people and animals in history and is becoming a growing crisis for both human and animal rights. “Across bombed out streets and collapsed bridges and through mortar and gunfire, the brave people of Ukraine are walking or in some cases carrying their dogs and cats to safety in their arms or on their backs. “The world is seeing an incredible bond of care and compassion between people and animals in Ukraine, that will not be broken by Putin's bombs and bullets. “The British public would not accept women and children being parted from animals they have risked so much to protect when entering Britain as refugees from this brutal war." 