Martin Odegaard's permanent move to Arsenal in the summer raised eyebrows after a rather lacklustre loan spell the season prior. But the Norwegian's improved form has helped the Gunners take up a strong position in the race for a top-four spot - with pundit and former legend Paul Merson admitting he is eating his words over Odegaard's achievements this season.  The Norwegian, 23, spent half a year on loan at the Emirates Stadium last season, making 20 appearances and scoring just twice. Whilst his performances weren't overly impressive, his potential was large enough for boss Mikel Arteta to make the plunge to sign him. The Spaniard bid highly for Odegaard, spending an initial £35million for his services with an extra £5m in add-ons. And the move has paid off, with the Norwegian really starting to come into his own in north London with a string of impressive performances in the famous red and white. However, Merson has been forced to eat his words after comparing Arsenal to 'Jonathan Ross' and calling Odegaard's transfer 'the last resort'. Merson also admitted that he was initially stumped by Mikel Arteta's transfer signings last summer but has been proven wrong by them all.  “I like what Arteta is doing, I really do,” Merson told talkSPORT. “The signings he brought in this season, every one has been an absolute success and a half. “I’ve never known a window like it. When he was bringing those players in I was thinking ‘I’m not sure about them’. The goalie [Aaron Ramsdale] had let in more goals than anyone else in the last three years. [Takehiro] Tomiyasu, I always think that if you are playing in Italy and no one wants you then you can’t be that great. “Ben White, there was a thing of whether he was a centre-half or not. Was he a holding midfield player? Odegaard, did he want to go back to Real Madrid and were Arsenal like Jonathan Ross and the last resort. “When you talk like that, he’s been great Arteta and so has Edu really. He took a lot of stick for giving Aubameyang all the money he did and was quite lazy by bringing in Willian. I thought he was just bringing in friends, but now fair play to him.” The Gunners currently sit fourth in the Premier League and are in a strong position to qualify for the Champions League for the first time in six seasons. They face Crystal Palace on Monday in a bid to maintain their push.