  Davina McCall, 54, told fans today that her beloved father Andrew died on Monday evening after battling Alzheimer’s disease. The star was by her dad’s side when he died and she chose to share a heart wrenching post about his life on social media.      Sharing an image of them both smiling, Davina wrote: “My Dad, Andrew, died on Monday night . “He took a turn for the worse on Sunday but thankfully he wasn’t in pain. He was peaceful. I'm so grateful for that, and that we could be with him...” Paying tribute to her late father, she continued: “He was the best Dad I could ever wish for. My sister and I hit the jackpot. “He always made time for us, opened his (and my amazing mummas) house to all our friends, temporarily adopted mates of mine that needed help. (sic) READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update      “He was a facilitator, always helping people with intros … he knew EVERYBODY. And they ALL loved him! “I can’t imagine how many careers and businesses were started because of him. “The word legend has been used many times to describe my Dad. “He was a bon vivante, loved life, positive to the very end…      “‘It just works’ was one of the last phrases he was able to say as Alzheimer’s robbed him of the power of speech. “He lived life. He loved us. And we loved him. With all our hearts. “He leaves an enormous hole in our lives,” Davina concluded. Thousands of Davina’s 1.5 million Instagram followers took to the comments section to send supportive messages to the star and her family. READ MORE... ‘Putin is laughing' Piers Morgan slams ‘pathetically spineless’ Europe [NEWS] Martin Kemp health: Star, 60, on medication for 'rest of his life' [UPDATE] Mark Labbett 'jealous' over Anne Hegerty's big announcement [NEWS]     Celebrity pals like Louise Minchin, Pixie Lott and Phillip Schofield’s daughter Molly Schofield sent heart emojis. Fearne Cotton wrote: “I love you my friend. Prayers and love to you Dav. Here for you.” Tamara Mellon penned: “So sorry Davina. I remember your dad very well. He was always warm and welcoming.” Comedian John Bishop added: “So sorry for you and all the family Davina. I know how much you loved him.”       Scott Mills commented: “Sending all my love Davina xxx,” while Ben Fogle added: “I’m so sorry Davina.” Line of Duty’s Vicky McClure wrote: “I’m so so sorry to hear this Davina. Sending you and your family all my love xxx.” Davina’s parents split when she was just three years old and she was raised by her grandparents. Her mum died back in 2008. Davina built a strong relationship with her dad and step-mum Gabby who she went to live with when she was 13.    