Tracy (played by Amy Walsh) didn't have the best time before she left Emmerdale in January, having discovered her boyfriend Nate Robinson (Jurell Carter) had slept with her sister, Vanessa Woodfield's (Michelle Hardwick) girlfriend, Fiona Murphy (Yemisi Oyinloye). Although she was heartbroken at first, the news led her to put herself first as she was offered a job in Nottingham after hosting a seminar at a postnatal depression conference. The beloved character is now living away from the base of the ITV soap and she could be enjoying a new romance with a very familiar face. Following her departure from the show, it was revealed Tracy had decided not to rekindle things with Nate as she wanted to focus on herself. Cain Dingle's (Jeff Hordley) son was still holding out hope he and the mother of his daughter Frankie could have a romance when she returns to the village. Unfortunately, she could have met a handsome man during her time in Nottingham and although they might not have known each other too long, he could pop the question. Returning to the Dales, Tracy could break the news she is going to get married to a character who could be played by former EastEnders star, Toby-Alexander Smith. The actor portrayed the role of killer Gray Atkins on the BBC soap as he is the real-life partner of Amy, who plays Tracy. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot? According to reports, it seems Toby-Alexander could be swapping shows and starring alongside Amy when she returns from maternity leave after giving birth to the couple's first child together in January. Head of Digital PR at Embryo digital marketing agency, Jo Threlfall, explained there is a good chance the actor could be starring as a new character on the show. They said: "Toby Alexander-Smith's career has grown massively since his debut on EastEnders. "And since his dramatic departure from the soap, it has opened a window for the actor to be able to explore other options in his acting career. "Rumours have revealed that the soap star could appear alongside his partner Amy if so, he could potentially earn over £500,000 a year," they told the Daily Star in an exclusive interview. Nothing has been confirmed as Toby-Alexander's last appearance on EastEnders only aired last week as his character's storyline came to a dramatic end. Unlike the serial killer he has recently portrayed, his alter-ego on Emmerdale could be someone who is willing to do anything for Amy. He could be a charismatic resident who catches the eye of many of the ladies in the Dales, as well as making friends with many regular faces. However, just like all new arrivals, the character could still be harbouring a secret or two which could come out over the course of a year. By the time everything is out in the open, will Tracy want to give the relationship a chance or will she find herself pulling back towards Nate? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charley Webb sparks frenzy with reunion with co-stars [COMMENT]Matthew Wolfenden health: The 'big operation' Emmerdale star underwent [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale star Alexander Lincoln talks soap's 'intense' 11-hour days [COMMENT] It seems, for now, Amy is looking forward to enjoying some time away from the show as her character continues with her new job in Nottingham. The actress said about taking a step back from the role temporarily: "I’m ready for a break from work. "I adore my job and I love being there but the Covid thing has made things quite a lot harder and it’s not going away any time soon. "I’m quite relieved to be having a break from that side of things. My life is not the easiest because I split my time between the North and South. It’s a lot of travelling and living out of a suitcase so I am so looking forward to being in one place for a prolonged amount of time just to be and to enjoy that," she told What To Watch. The actress also spoke about what she would like to see happen for Tracy when she does eventually make her return to the Dales. Amy explained it would probably be about a year she is out of the show, making it most likely she will return at the beginning of 2023. She also added she doesn't know where the writers will take her as she declared her character does need "a bit of a shake-up." Therefore, a new romance and the possibility of a love triangle forming with Nate could nee the perfect storyline for her. It seems viewers of the weeknight serial drama are keen to see her back in the midst of the drama in the village. Grace posted on the social media platform: "Goodbye (for now) Tracy, like Vanessa we will miss you @amywalsh27 #Emmerdale." Dan The Chatterbox added: "Gutted that Tracy is leaving. Actress has just had a baby, hope she returns soon #emmerdale." Yasmin remarked: "#emmerdale goodbye Tracy will miss her loads." Not everyone had the same view as Dave shared: "Tracy will be back in 9 months, why are they making such a huge deal of her leaving? #Emmerdale." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour long episode airing on Thursdays.