The family of Shane Warne have broken their silence with a heartfelt statement in the wake of the Australian cricket star's death on Friday. Warne, who is widely regarded as one of the greatest spin bowlers of all time, enjoyed a stellar career at the highest levels of the game and took more than 1,000 wickets in Tests and One Day Internationals (ODIs) before retiring in 2007. He died in Thailand on Friday at the age of 52 and his grieving family have since issued a statement, with his parents, brother Jason, children Brooke, Jackson and Summer and ex-wife Simone Callahan all paying tribute. "The night of the 4th of March 2022 is when a never-ending nightmare began for our family, for that is the date we lost our much loved and admired son, father, brother and uncle, Shane Keith Warne, a tragedy we will never come to terms with," said his parents, Keith and Brigette. "To find words to adequately express our sadness is an impossible task for us and looking to a future without Shane is inconceivable, hopefully the mountain of happy memories we all have will help us cope with our ongoing grief." Meanwhile, Warne's eldest daughter Brooke and son Jackson hailed their dad as the 'best father' in a poignant tribute of their own. "We were so similar in so many ways and I always used to joke that I got your genes and about how much that annoyed me," said Brooke. JUST IN: Shane Warne to have state funeral - full details as tributes pour in "Now I couldn't be happier and prouder that I have your genes. I am lucky and will forever be so proud to call you my Dad forever. "I love you to infinity and back and I will miss you forever." Jackson added: "Sitting at the poker table, walking around the golf course, watching the Saints and eating pizza is never going to be the same. "But I know all you ever wanted for me is to be happy, no matter what. You just wanted me to be happy, that’s it. "So that’s what I’m going to do, try and be happy. I am going to miss you so much Dad and you were truly the best father and mate anyone could’ve asked for." Warne's former wife Simone also offered her thoughts on the cricket legend's death by asking: "Who brings a light so great to the world that even after they have gone the light remains?" It comes after Warne's family accepted the offer of a state funeral, with the Melbourne Cricket Ground having already been put forward as the most likely venue. Tributes have poured in from across the sporting world in the wake of his death, with many fans leaving flowers, beer cans and photographs at his statue outside the iconic stadium in the days since. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE Australia's cricketers also observed a minute's silence ahead of day two of their Test match against Pakistan on the weekend. The head of Cricket Australia, Nick Hockley, released his own statement in the aftermath of Friday's news to express his shock with regards to the situation. "Shane was one of the most talented and charismatic cricketers we have ever witnessed," he said. "He loved cricket, had an extraordinarily astute understanding of the game and his influence and legacy will last for as long as it is played. "We are in a state of complete shock at his sudden passing and our thoughts are with his family, his many friends and the legion of fans from all over the world who loved and admired Warnie for his unbelievable bowling skills, his humour, warmth and engaging personality."