Condensation is among the top reasons for mould appearance in the home, especially in cold weather. Mould and mildew are fungi that thrive in a moist environment; they can damage home interiors and if left untreated, can also significantly lower the price of your property when selling. It can also cause serious health issues: respiratory problems, eye, nose and throat irritation, headaches and sinus congestion. Not to mention it is extremely unsightly. So how can you get rid of it? There’s a product which some believe banishes window condensation for good. Reducing the amount of condensation inside the home will help minimise the chance of mould building up. One common area where condensation arises is on windows. Despite most homes having double if not triple glazing, homeowners still suffer from water droplets gathering on the inside of their windows when they open the curtains. But fear not, Mrs Hinch’s fans have the best tips and products to help rid condensation on windows. READ MORE: Dyson beware! Samsung reveals all about its ultimate vacuum CLEANING Kymberley Folliard posted to a Mrs Hinch fan’s cleaning group on Facebook: “Window condensation... how do you all manage to wake up every morning without it? “It’s on every window at the front of my house and it's quite bad. “Buying a dehumidifier for each room isn't an option either.” Her call for help saw hundreds of Mrs Hinch fans reply with their suggestions. DON'T MISS...White vinegar and baking soda: 5 ways to clean around your home [HACKS]Grout: The key DIY job that can keep grout clean 'for longer' [GUIDE]Cleaning hacks: Can you mix vinegar and baking soda? Is it safe? [INSIGHT] Charlotte Whiting had an easy solution that would cost Kymberley nothing. She said: “I don't know if anyone's put this. But when I had this it was really simple. There's little vents in the window frame. Once I opened these I didn't have it anymore.” Kayleigh Windsor recommended: “We've had this recently and I've found leaving windows on the latch all the time really helps. We've also bought some of the small dehumidifiers and have sat them on the windowsills.” Many also suggested dehumidifiers but they can be expensive. Chelsea Rose Evans, however, revealed how she uses small interior dehumidifiers, also known as “damp crystals” which can be purchased on Amazon. She commented: “See them £1 or £2 dehumidifiers they work a treat!! “I had this problem every morning without fail in my two bedroom apartment and put one of them on every windowsill and never got it again xx.” The small damp crystal boxes can also be purchased from a range of high street retailers including B&M, Home Bargains, and Wilkos for less than £10. Barbara Schlichcing said: “I had this problem in a house and someone gave me this tip and it works! Put a tiny drop of washing up liquid onto a cloth and rub over the condensation….. after a few minutes it disappears…” Several cleaning fans suggested using a Karcher window cleaner to help suck up the moisture from the windows. Karcher’s Window Vac WV 5 Plus N version is currently on sale for £64.99 instead of £94.99, that’s a 32 percent saving if you buy direct.