Emma Atkins, who plays Charity in Emmerdale, has told Chas star, Lucy Pargeter, not to give soap bosses “any ideas” as they joked that there is “nothing they haven’t done” on set. Chatting to Express.co.uk and other media, the onscreen cousins detailed their experiences after more than 20 years together on the soap. Lucy gushed: “I don’t want to blow our trumpet, but I think we love each other so much as people I don’t care what I'm doing with her as long as I'm doing something with her.  “I think we know each other so well, and our performances so well, that you can kind of visualise how we are going to do scenes.  “Any heightened emotion is always good.” Emma then chimed in: “There’s nothing we haven’t really done.” READ MORE:Piers Morgan fumes as Joe Biden 'laughs' during Ukraine announcement “I mean, I haven’t snogged you yet,” joked Lucy. The pair burst into laughter and Emma joked: “Don’t give them any ideas! Dingles are known for that!”It comes as characters Charity and Chas are set to be at war this month as the former takes over the Woolpack.However, behind the scenes, the pair revealed they were "devastated" to hear the Dingle cousins were going to be at war. In particular, they thought it was "outrageous" when they learnt that they won’t be working together behind the bar anymore. Emma explained: ”I was devastated actually when I got the script that said my character loses the Woolpack.”“I thought, how can I not be working with Lucy anymore? This is absolutely outrageous!” Lucy continued: “So was I, we were both devastated. DON'T MISSPiers Morgan calls out Harry and Meghan's Ukraine response[LATEST]Olly Murs rushed into surgery and forced to pull out of shows[INSIGHT]'Even sadder now' Jeremy Clarkson shares thoughts on Ukraine invasion[NEWS] “I had the same thing, I was devastated for her and then it was like, oh my god now I lose the Woolpack!  “Bl***y hell it was bad enough her losing it, now I've lost it.  “But then we had the opportunity to come together in this way which turned out to be more fun than just working behind the bar.” It comes as ITV officially unveiled their new soap schedule which will see Emmerdale move to a new 7:30pm time slot.Coronation Street will also be moved to the 8pm slot on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays.The shakeup is to make room for ITV News, which will be extended to an hour-long program.