Bailey (played by Kara-Leah Fernandes) has sprinkled some much-needed warmth and heart into the Taylor family since she arrived as the daughter of Mitch Baker (Roger Griffiths) on EastEnders three years ago. The youngster's passion to save the planet made her one of the main characters involved in the BBC soap's crossover episodes with its rivals and has made her central to some topical storylines. However, she has wanted to do something to repay the kindness Karen Taylor (Lorraine Stanley) has shown her over the years but when things don't go to plan, she could have no choice but to leave with Keegan (Zack Morris). The drama continues in next week's episodes of the weeknight serial drama as Bailey's mission to reunite Mitch and Karen gathers pace. With Gray Atkins' (Toby-Alexander Smith) downfall happening at the same time and with the family having been secretly terrorised by him for the past year and a half, it seems she is going to have an impossible task on her hands. Knowing this is probably her last chance to make the pair realise they are meant to be together, the school girl recruits her half-brother. Bailey informs Keegan she wants to recreate the first date her parents ever went on, before the arrival of their eldest daughter Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plummer). It seems her sibling is onboard with the plans and is ready to get the beloved characters back together but with their minds elsewhere, it could end in chaos. READ MORE: Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv? Spoilers have revealed Gray's past will catch up with him in upcoming scenes as his true colours and crimes are finally exposed. The villain killed Karen and Mitch's daughter Chantelle back in 2020 as part of a harrowing domestic abuse storyline. It seems they will be out for blood when they realise what their son-in-law did and they won't have time to think about their romantic feelings for one another. With things getting tense on the Square and with Keegan dragged into the drama as well, the Taylors could decide this is not where she should be at the moment. Not wanting her to be with strangers or away from family, they could ask Keegan to take her away to Germany with him. It's not been confirmed this is where Keegan is going but Tiffany Butcher (Maisie Smith) is set to make her return to the show shortly and rumours suggest he could be going to live with her. As Karen and Mitch try to process the horror their daughter went through, they could tell Bailey she has got to go until things have settled down with Gray. Knowing her plans to reunite the pair have failed, the youngster could agree as she knows there is going to be a lot of heartbreak going on. She would rather spend time away from her parents than see them suffering with the loss of Chantelle all over again. Whereas Keegan's exit will be permanent, Bailey could return later this year with a mission still in her mind to bring Karen and Mitch back together. DON'T MISS...Larry Lamb health: Actor recalls 'hellish' illness that left him deaf [COMMENT]Martin Kemp health: Star, 60, on medication for 'rest of his life' [COMMENT]Gillian Wright health: Star left with 'unbearable pain' [COMMENT] This would not be the first time Bailey has left the Square as last year, the youngster went missing in a devastating plot. Feeling as if she was a burden to the Taylor clan, she decided she was going to remove herself from the home so they wouldn't have to use their money on her. Amy Mitchell (Abbie Burke) didn't help matters as she only exacerbated Bailey's thoughts and helped her find a place to stay at the allotments. Jack Branning's (Scott Maslen) daughter told her school friend her family were not concerned about her and weren't looking for her. Once she returned to the family home, Bailey was told she was a part of the family and should never feel like an outsider. Therefore, this is why Karen and Mitch could agree to go off with Keegan in the aftermath of Gray's storyline would be better as she would be with family. It was announced last week the actor who plays Keegan, Zack, would be leaving the show after playing the youngster for five years. In a statement, he said: "This show has given me so much, not just as an actor but as a man. These invaluable lessons I have learned at EastEnders will stay with me for the rest of my life. "I will forever see this whole experience as the biggest blessing I could have ever asked for. I loved every second." The actor has already secured his first role since finishing filming on the weeknight serial drama as he will be starring in a movie in America. Fans of the show have always been in admiration of the brother and sister duo, with the pair sharing a lot of scenes together over the years. Taking to Twitter, the likes of viewer Ryan wrote: "Bailey and Keegan scenes are always just the best! @bbceastenders #EastEnders." Bianca posted: "Keegan and Bailey are the real #EastEnders love story." "Awww, this Keegan and Bailey scene is actually really cute #EastEnders," Alessia shared on the social media platform. Dan commented: "Love Keegan talking to Bailey and how she opens the door to him, love their bond #EastEnders." EastEnders continues Thursday at 7:30pm on BBC One.