 Ms Lear said: "The rain is sitting across the far South-East as we speak, but it is allowing this area of high pressure to build in behind. "So quite a contrast with the feel of the weather, first thing Tuesday morning perhaps lows down to minus three where we keep those clear skies but where the cloud and rain lingers, it will be a relatively mild start. "Seven to eight, maybe even nine degrees, there will be some outbreaks of showery rain, to begin with across the far South Coast. "But as we go through the afternoon that rain may nudge a little bit further North. JUST IN: Russian tank purposely swerves into car to crush civilian in horror attack - VIDEO Ms Lear added: "So if we draw a line from the Bristol Channel over to the wash, outbreaks of rain are quite possible. "Further North after that a chilly start, that's where we'll keep the sunshine through Scotland, Northern Ireland, and Northern England. "Highs generally between eight and ten degrees, now that weather front actually drifts its way steadily North East. "A little ridge of high pressure builds in there across Scotland.  READ MORE: 'Thought we were saving you' Putin under threat as Russians growing wary of propaganda     Ms Lear added: "So it does look likely first thing on Wednesday morning it could be quite a chilly start here again. Ms Lear added: "There's more rain to come moving in from the West. "As you can see that weather front will gradually drift its way steadily Eastwards, it is going to bring some outbreaks of rain with it from the West on Thursday. "And a freshening wind from for a time once the rain moves through, you may way start off dry and sheltered in Eastern areas, but it is not set to last. "The cloud and the outbreaks of rain will start to move in from the West throughout the day, temperatures once again changing from around seven to twelve degrees. "Once we've got Thursday out the way, fingers crossed it looks likely that the weather story will quieten down just a little with an area of high pressure building in thought, just in time for the start of the weekend." 