Revellers at Cheltenham Festival are outraged at having to pay an eye-watering £7 for a pint of Guinness and £14 for Irish coffees. Thousands of visitors have been left in shock after being charged "eye-watering" sums for booze at the four-day festival, including £8.50 for wine in plastic cups and £14 for a double gin and tonic. Pictures of drinks menus have been circulating on social media, showing Guinness, 500ml of Doom Bar bitter, and Aspalls cider costing £7, while bottles of "house champagne" will cost racegoers an incredible £65. Now Cheltenham Festival organisers have been accused of "daylight robbery" over the astronomical cost of alcohol. Twitter user "DERRICK" (@TWYFC) posted a picture of a pint of Guinness alongside the caption: "Happy Cheltenham day! Good to be back. "Almost as expensive as a litre of diesel." Fellow Twitter user "michael oxley" (@MikeOxley) shared an image of an alcohol drinks menu from one of the tents at this year's Cheltenham Festival. This showed pints of Guinness and Aspalls Suffolk Cider both costing £7, with a bottle of "Premium Lager" priced at £6.50 and a glass of "House Red" costing £8.50. The Twitter user wrote alongside this picture: "When you get to the Guinness tent, and you see the fun does not stop with their prices." "Gerard O Sullivan" @GerardNavillus replied: "That’s robbery! I presume the whiskey shot is the English 25ml couple of drops?" "Footy Bevs" (@FootyBevs) posted a picture with a plastic glass full with gin and tonic, and wrote: "Gin and Tonic at Cheltenham Festival. £14 (yes, £14)." READ MORE: Get rid of ‘pesky weeds’ using cupboard essentials A Cheltenham Racecourse spokesperson blamed some of the the high prices on items served on "inflation rises in relation to goods and labour". They insisted the prices are "comparable" to many other major events, with all profits injected back into British Horseracing. The spokesperson said: "We work hard to absorb inflationary costs wherever we can. "However, current inflation rises in relation to goods and labour have led to an increase in prices for some of the items we serve. DON'T MISSUK still sending BILLIONS to EU! Brexit betrayal as Britain bled dry [LATEST]M6 traffic latest: M6 CLOSED in both directions all night [REPORT]Have Your Say: Does the EU respect Britain? [OPINION] "Despite this our prices are comparable to other major events, with all our profits reinvested back into British Horseracing." This morning, horse racing fans waited eagerly in the rain to enter the grandstanding horse racing event, with around a quarter-of-a-million enthusiasts set to visit over the four days. Local police also responded to four incidents at Cheltenham Racecourse, including reports of assault and pick pocketing. Gloucestershire Constabulary said in a statement: "Police responded to two reports of assaults within the grounds of Cheltenham Racecourse during the afternoon. "The first was reported by the parade ring at 4.40pm and it was stated that a man had been punched in the face. "He was offered medical treatment but did not accept. "The second assault was reported in the taxi rank at 6.30pm. It was stated that a man had been punched in an altercation. "He sustained head and facial injuries and was taken to Gloucestershire Royal Hospital for treatment. "Enquiries are ongoing into both assaults and no arrests have been made at this stage." The statement added: "Police also attended two reports of pick pocketing within the betting areas on the main grandstand. "It was reported that one person had £700 in cash stolen from them, and a second had £1,000 taken. "It is believed they were targeted after collecting winnings and enquiries are ongoing to identify those responsible." 