Erik ten Hag reportedly has some doubts over the Manchester United job despite being on the club’s shortlist to permanently replace Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, according to reports. The Dutchman is one candidate to take over, along with Mauricio Pochettino. However, fresh reports have also suggested Carlo Ancelotti is another name in the frame. Manchester United sacked Solskjaer back in November, less than 24 hours after a chastening 4-1 defeat to Watford at Vicarage Road. And they then hired Ralf Rangnick as his interim replacement, with the 63-year-old agreeing to take charge until the end of the season before moving upstairs as a consultant. United are now conducting a thorough process when it comes to their next manager, with the Glazers, John Murtough, Richard Arnold and other board members eager to get this appointment right. And ESPN have claimed Ten Hag, one of the names on their list, has ‘reservations’ over the structure at Old Trafford. At Ajax, the 52-year-old works on a clear vertical that also consists of Edwin van der Sar and, formerly, Marc Overmars. But, at United, he’d likely have to work alongside the likes of Joel Glazer, Murtough and Darren Fletcher as well. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz With that being the case, the Red Devils are also considering short-term candidates as well. And Real Madrid boss Ancelotti is said to be on their radar, with the Italian’s future at the Bernabeu far from certain. Ancelotti only returned to the La Liga giants back in the summer, rocking Everton in the process. However, his future is currently up in the air due to their position in the Champions League. Real trail Paris Saint-Germain 1-0 in the first leg of their last-16 showdown, with Kylian Mbappe scoring the winner. And, should they fail to make it past Pochettino’s team, then it’s possible Florentino Perez will wield the axe come the end of the season. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Pochettino is another candidate for the United job. However, appointing the PSG boss will be far from straightforward. Real are also eyeing the Argentine, whose side are primed to cruise to the Ligue 1 title after missing out on the crown last term. And if they make a move, the United could be left in the lurch. For now, Rangnick and his players are focused on ending the season strongly - with their hopes of finishing in the top four hanging in the balance. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And they’re next in action against Manchester City on Sunday, where they’ll be hoping to avoid a repeat of the 2-0 defeat they suffered earlier in the season. Meanwhile, regarding Ancelotti, Sir Alex Ferguson opened up on the Italian in his autobiography. He confirmed he considered the Real Madrid boss to be his successor in 2013, before choosing David Moyes instead. “When we started the process of looking for my replacement, we established that several very desirable candidates were unavailable,” Ferguson wrote. “It became apparent that Jose Mourinho had given his word to Roman Abramovich that he would return to Chelsea, and that Carlo Ancelotti would succeed him at Real Madrid. “We also knew that Jurgen Klopp was happy at Borussia Dortmund and would be signing a new contract. Meantime, Louis van Gaal had undertaken to lead the Dutch attempt to win the 2014 World Cup.” And when Ancelotti was grilled on Ferguson’s comments last year, he said: “You want to know from me? “I can say that I still keep a fantastic relationship with Sir Alex, and we met when he decided to stop (retire). “But I was close to Real Madrid, and so I appreciate the fact that at that time he talked to me. “And that’s it, no other opportunity (to manage United).”