When Kate Middleton married Prince William in 2011, she took on the equivalent of her husband's new Duke of Cambridge title which had been granted to him by the Queen. As William's wife, Kate was entitled to be known as the Duchess of Cambridge. Kate also holds the status of Her Royal Highness (HRH), but she has never been known publicly as Princess Catherine or Princess Kate. Although she is married to a Prince, Kate is known primarily by her Duchess of Cambridge title instead of a Princess title. But if William had not been given a Dukedom when he married Kate in 2011, Kate may have instead have been known as Princess William. This style has been used by spouses of royal princes before, such as Prince Michael of Kent's wife, Princess Michael of Kent. READ MORE: Harry mocked over decision on UK return On her children's birth certificates, Kate's occupation is listed as 'Princess of the United Kingdom', but her status as Princess is through marriage rather than birth. Lucy Hume, Associate Director at Debrett's, an authority on the British Peerage, told GoodHousekeeping.com: “While known as the Duke of Cambridge, he also remains a Prince in status as the grandson of the monarch and as second in line to the throne. "It is therefore correct for the Duchess of Cambridge to describe herself as a Princess of the United Kingdom.” Only women born into the Royal Family are entitled to be known as princesses in their own right, as was the case for Princess Margaret, Princess Anne and Kate's daughter Princess Charlotte. Lady Diana Spencer married the Prince of Wales in 1981, and her marriage entitled her to use the style of Her Royal Highness The Princess of Wales. However, the 'Princess Diana' title she was known by to the public was not strictly correct. Diana was known as Princess Diana or 'Princess Di' out of affection, as she was a hugely popular member of the Royal Family. DON'T MISSThe poignant meaning behind Kate Middleton's birthday portrait spots [PICTURES]Royal Family tree: The line of succession from Queen Victoria to Queen [EXPLAINER]Do Kate Middleton and Prince William sleep in separate beds? [INSIGHT] But as she was not born into the Royal Family, Diana was not technically entitled to be known as a Princess in her own right. Following her divorce from Prince Charles in 1996, Diana was no longer known as Her Royal Highness. Alternatively, she was styled as Diana, Princess of Wales, until her death the following year. Then-prime minister Tony Blair referred to Diana as the 'People's Princess', and the sobriquet has also stuck. As Prince William is second in line to the throne, it stands to reason he could one day be made the Prince of Wales. The Prince of Wales title can only be allocated by the reigning monarch, so Prince Charles may want to impart the title to his elder son when he ascends the throne. If William becomes the Prince of Wales, it is likely Kate will be known as the Princess of Wales. Like Diana, however, the public may refer to Kate informally as Princess Kate or Princess Catherine.