Endometriosis Awareness Month is here and everyone from celebrities and influencers to workplaces, schools and communities is raising awareness about the chronic illness. While one in 10 women has endometriosis, a shocking one in five women has adenomyosis. The two conditions are very similar, but the more common is not often discussed. Here are the seven symptoms of adenomyosis. Although lots of women who have adenomyosis also have endometriosis, the two conditions are separate. Endometriosis is a condition where tissues similar to the lining of the womb start to grow outside of the womb and elsewhere. Adenomyosis, however, is a condition where cells similar to the lining of the womb are also present in the muscle wall of the uterus. This condition is most likely to occur in the muscle layer of the back wall of the uterus, but it can occur anywhere in the muscle layer. READ MORE- How often should I wash my hair? The four rules of hair washing The condition typically occurs in women in their 40s and 50s, since it relies on the production of oestrogen. However, adenomyosis might also be common in younger women, too. According to the Jean Hailes site, women in their 30s and 40s with adenomyosis might have fewer spontaneous and successful assisted pregnancies. The site explained: “This is because normal sperm movement and embryo implantation into the uterine lining can be affected. The risk of miscarriage may also be higher if adenomyosis is present. “Adenomyosis may affect how the placenta and baby grow during pregnancy. Studies have shown baby’s growth may be slower, and waters may break early causing premature birth.” The causes of both endometriosis and adenomyosis are unknown. However, some theories suggest that adenomyosis could be caused by complications with childbirth or surgery and others suspect that the tissue is deposited in the muscle when your uterus is first formed. Just like experienced with endometriosis, the displaced tissue caused by adenomyosis continues to act normally. It thickens, breaks down and bleeds with your period. Because the cells are stuck in your muscle layer, they form blood pockets within the muscle wall. Having so much excess tissue in the wall can also cause an enlarged uterus and very painful, heavy periods as a result. DON'T MISS...Lulu health: Singer, 73, was at risk of 'terrible' illness [INFORMER]Endometriosis natural treatments: The six supplements to take [INSIGHT]What to do during an endometriosis flare-up - the 6 hacks [EXPLAINER] The symptoms of adenomyosis vary from person to person, sometimes causing no signs or symptoms or only mild discomfort. However, the general symptoms normally include: