Since Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a full-scale invasion of Ukraine, the West has been very cautious about how it’s handled its response. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has repeatedly called for a no-fly zone against Russian aircraft to be imposed over his country. However, the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) has rebuffed his appeals owing to fears of escalating the war beyond Ukraine’s borders. So, in the event that a new world war does come to pass, which countries would likely offer their backing to Russia. On the eve of Vladimir Putin’s invasion, Pakistan’s Prime Minister Imran Khan was in Moscow on a two-day state visit. During his trip, he angrily hit back at demands from the West to speak out against Russia. READ MORE: Russia 'doesn't understand trouble it's in' as Ukraine secures weapons He said: “What do you think of us? Are we your slaves, that, whatever you say, we will do?” Last weekend the 69-year-old spoke out after 22 diplomats in Islamabad published a joint letter calling on the Pakistani Government to join the United Nations (UN) resolution in condemning Russia’s attack. Pakistan is one of several countries that have abstained from voting on the issue. He said: “I want to ask the European Union ambassadors: Did you write such a letter to India?”  Although China has attempted to distance itself somewhat from Russia in the past fortnight, it's not condemned the invasion by President Putin. Beijing has instead underlined its stance of neutrality and described the Sino-Russian relationship as one of "strategic partnership". Like Pakistan, China has abstained from two United Nations (UN) votes on Russia’s aggression. DON'T MISS: Ukraine crisis has unveiled EU’s weak leadership  [OPINION] Final nail in coffin for Putin's freefalling economy [ANALYSIS]Brexit Britian leads EU on Ukraine: The graphic that shames Remainers [INSIGHT] India has stated sanctions imposed by the West are not the answer to the war between Russia and Ukraine but is coming under increased pressure from the US to condemn President Putin. Last week, Donald Lu, the US State Department’s assistant secretary of state for the Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs, said: “It’s now time [for India] to further distance itself from Russia.” Moscow is India’s biggest arms supplier and is who New Delhi signed a $5.43 billion (£4.17 billion) deal with to purchase Russia’s S-400 missile defence system, in 2018.  The African National Congress (ANC) leadership has fallen back into its Cold War amity with Moscow, with the ex-president Jacob Zuma issuing a statement last week calling President Putin “a man of peace” and the western allies “bullies”. Although Mr Zuma doesn’t speak on behalf of the Government the pro-Russian feeling is known to run deep in South Africa’s ANC party. Both Brazil and Mexico have refused to impose sanctions on Russia and avoided condemning the invasion. Mexican President Lopez Obrador, a left-wing populist, said last week: “We are not going to take any sort of economic reprisal because we want to have good relations with all the Governments in the world.” Meanwhile, Brazil President Jair Bolsonaro has maintained that he will remain “neutral” on Ukraine. The 66-year-old visited President Putin last month and has said as Brazil buys much of its fertiliser from Russia, he does not want its economy to be affected by taking sides. 