Madeleine Dumas (played by Aude Legastelois-Bidé) featured in 10 episodes of Death in Paradise before her sudden departure. The detective initially showed up in Saint Marie to investigate whether DCI Jack Mooney (Ardal O'Hanlon) was capable of leading the team after he put Florence Cassell (Josephine Jobert) in danger. However, she quickly realised that while his policing style was unconventional, he was more than capable of doing the job. Commissioner Selwyn Patterson (Don Warrington) then informed Madeleine she would be staying in Saint Marie to help Jack. Although, shortly after, DCI Mooney decided to move back to the UK to be with his daughter, and he was swiftly replaced by DCI Neville Parker (Ralf Little). Neville first appeared on Saint Marie to help Madeleine, Ruby Patterson (Shyko Amos) and officer JP Hooper (Tobi Bakare) to solve a mysterious death. READ MORE: The Holiday plot hole: Channel 5 viewers spot huge fail After the investigation was closed and season nine came to an end, the BBC confirmed Aude and Shyko wouldn't be returning for season 10. However, speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the actress who played Madeleine opened up about what it was like to film with both Ralf and Ardal. She went on to discuss the impact the hot weather had while filming. "Because it's a series, we are shooting faster than movies, so we have to deal with the weather, the rain, the storms, the heat and the bugs and everything," Aude began. She continued: "The heat was a challenge, but it made things even more intense." The actress went on to explain that most of the cast complained about how hot it was to film inside the police station, but Aude seemed to love it. "Everybody was complaining all day because of the difficulty of being in there [the police station]," the actress recalled. "And the team is large and so to have that many people in such a small area, it's quite challenging." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street Leanne Battersby betrays Nick Tilsley's trust [SPOILERS]Vera star opens up on filming first scene with Brenda Blethyn [INSIGHT]Emmerdale exit for Ethan Anderson as he runs off with newcomer? [VIDEO "But, I liked the fact that we were all closer together in those moments," she added. Following the departure of Ruby and Madeleine, Tobi Bakare, who played JP Hooper, also confirmed his exit from the show. Despite their sudden departures, fans were delighted when Florence made a return to the island to work alongside Neville. However, the detective's arrival was short-lived because before series 11 had even come to a close, her character decided to leave Saint Marie once again. Fans were hoping Neville and Florence would confess their true feelings for one another. However, it turned out that the feelings were one-sided and poor Neville was left heartbroken by the rejection. Series 11, which has just finished airing on BBC One, also saw the introduction of two new characters. Trainee police officers Marlon Pryce (Tahj Miles) and sergeant Naomi Thomas (Shantol Jackson) were welcomed to the Saint Marie police force. Death in Paradise is available to stream on BBC iPlayer now.