Premier League clubs such as Liverpool and Manchester United could soon become the latest sporting venture in the NFT market with four companies in the running to strike a deal worth in the region of £434million. Collectables in sports have a long history with fans trading cards such as Panini and Topps for decades. But the past two years have seen a shift from physical trading assets to digital collectables in the NFT market. Dapper Labs kicked things off with NBA Top Shot, which was officially licensed by the NBA for what is basically a digital trading card. Instead of a picture being printed on a card, the 'moments' feature a certain highlight from different players. And the market boomed with fans jumping onto the platform and spending millions on the unique and serialised digital highlights. JUST IN: Klopp reminded of mistake that would have made Liverpool 'impeccable'  A LeBron James highlight sold for $200,000 last year and the platform has since branched out to market in both the NFL and UFC. A $250m (£187.8m) project with La Liga has already been announced as well, which is set to launch this summer. But a deal for the Premier League is proving to be the holy grail for companies looking to cash in on their NFT licence. According to the Daily Mail, Dapper Labs are one of four companies in the running for the Premier League's NFT licence with a potential deal being worth £434m. Under Dapper's model, a Premier League highlight could be clipped up into a small 20-30 second video of their 'moment'. DON'T MISS  For example, Liverpool sensation Mohamed Salah's solo effort against Manchester City at the start of the season would potentially be made into a 'moment' with just a small number being produced giving sports fans all over the world the opportunity to 'own' it. Cristiano Ronaldo's second debut for Manchester United would also be something Dapper could potentially clip and make into a collectible moment. Sports NFTs are expected to generate around $2billion in 2022 with a percentage of sales going to teams represented in the market. The Premier League have been in discussions about launching their own licensed NFTs since last year and a deadline was initially set for the end of 2021. Sorare has already launched a range of NFTs consisting of digital trading cards, but they are facing enquiries from the Gambling Commission without obtaining a UK licence. Candy Digital and ConsenSys are the other two companies said to be in the running for the Premier League deal. A decision is expected to be made in the coming months with a potential start date set for as early as next season. But there has even been some suggestion that the Premier League could adopt both business models set up by Dapper and Sorare in the future. Tim Mangnall, chief executive of NFT consultancy Capital Block, said: “Dapper is the leader in this field and has worked in probably the most cut-throat sports market in the world. "But I’d say do Sorare as well because they are not conflicting products. Why would you not?”