According to reports, four fast-jets entered Swedish airspace rather than just entering the Air defence identification zone (ADIZ). DefenceGeek Twitter account tweeted: "Four #Russian fast-jets breached #Swedish Airspace today. "The jets, comprising 2x Su-27 'Flanker' and 2x Su-24 'Fencer' jets, actually entered Swedish airspace according to reports (rather than just entering the ADIZ)." Force Commander Johan Edstrom of the Swedish Armed Forces confirmed four Russian fighter aircraft violated Swedish airspace east of Gotland. He added: "This shows that our preparedness is good. "We were on-site to ensure territorial integrity and Sweden's borders. We have full control of the situation.  "Two Russian SU 27s and two Russian SU 24s violated Swedish airspace. "The violation was short-lived and took place east of Gotland, across the sea. "In light of the current situation, we take the incident very seriously. "It is an unprofessional and irresponsible action on the part of Russia, says the air force chief." READ MORE: THREE ways Russia can swerve Western sanctions This violation comes following Putin's invasion of Ukraine but his attempts to capture the former Soviet country have so far been thwarted. However, this week an expert warned the Russian President will not stop at Ukraine. Fiona Hill, a former senior director for Europe and Russia at the US National Security Council, told Politico: "Of course he won’t. "Ukraine has become the front line in a struggle, not just for which countries can or cannot be in NATO, or between democracies and autocracies, but in a struggle for maintaining a rules-based system in which the things that countries want are not taken by force. DON'T MISS Jeremy Vine outrage over Russian soldier's death remarks [INSIGHT] Walls close in on Putin as Royal Marines join NATO [REVEAL] ‘It will embolden the fight’ Russian diplomat lashes out at UN [COMMENT] "Every country in the world should be paying close attention to this." She went on to say how we are already in the middle of World War 3 whether the world knows it or not. Ms Hill added: "We’re already in it. We have been for some time. "We keep thinking of World War 1, World War 2 as these huge great big set pieces, but World War 2 was a consequence of World War 1. "And we had an interwar period between them. "And in a way, we had that again after the Cold War." The expert added: "Many of the things that we’re talking about here have their roots in the carving up of the Austro-Hungarian Empire and the Russian Empire at the end of World War 1. "At the end of World War 2, we had another reconfiguration and some of the issues that we have been dealing with recently go back to that immediate post-war period. "We’ve had war in Syria, which is in part the consequence of the collapse of the Ottoman Empire, same with Iraq and Kuwait. "All of the conflicts that we’re seeing have roots in those earlier conflicts. "We are already in a hot war over Ukraine, which started in 2014. "People shouldn’t delude themselves into thinking that we’re just on the brink of something. "We’ve been well and truly in it for quite a long period of time."