The Repair Shop star Will Kirk, 36, has revealed his wife, Polly Snowdon, is pregnant with their first child. The woodwork expert announced the exciting news on Instagram with a sweet message to his 162,000 followers. On Sunday, he shared a photograph of himself beaming at the camera while holding a mug with “papa” written on it. Will penned: “A new mug to add to my collection this summer. “We are so excited for our new little arrival and to extend our family.” Fans were overjoyed to hear the happy news and more than a thousand took to the comments to share their well-wishes. READ MORE:Chris Kamara addresses slurred speech on Soccer Saturday Jay Blades penned: “Congratulations all three of you.” Crimewatch presenter Rav Wilding echoed: “Awww lovely news.” Will’s co-star Kirsten Ramsay added: “Congratulations to you both.” Silversmith Brenton West said: “Congratulations.” And photographer Siobhan Beales gushed: “This is wonderful news, huge congratulations to you both!” The happy news comes just seven months after Will and Polly tied the knot. The couple were planning to wed in 2020 but had to be postponed until August last year due to the Covid pandemic. Will described the ceremony as the “best day of his life” in an adorable tribute to his wife. DON'T MISSJeremy Clarkson blames Putin's height as reason for invasion[LATEST]Piers Morgan left Prince Charles and Camilla ‘completely horrified’[INSIGHT]Gogglebox's Sophie reacts as Pete's family member takes her seat[NEWS] Alongside a series of stunning photographs, the craftsman wrote: “The best day of my life. Thank you to all who attended and to those that helped to make it happen.” It comes after Will revealed he will front a new show away from The Repair Shop. The restoration expert has teamed up with Bargain Hunt star Christina Trevanion for The Travelling Auctioneers, which will arrive on BBC later this year. Sharing a photograph of himself and Christina on Tuesday, Will said: “We can't wait for you all to see the exciting new show we've been filming! “Coming to @bbc later this year #thetravellingauctioneers #antiques #auctions #antiquefurniture.” The 15-part series will see the presenters travel the UK and turn unwanted items into winners at auctions. The synopsis for the show reads: “Sifting through one family home at a time, Will and Christina first need to identify the items that will sell best at a bespoke auction. “Christina will call on her auctioneer contacts and expertise, whilst Will uses his incredible craft and restoration skills to bring new life to neglected treasures – ready for a thrilling on-site auction. "Throughout the series, the dynamic duo will arm the British public with all the tricks of the trade, to help viewers across the UK cash in on their unwanted belongings."