Cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch is also known for sharing her lifestyle and gardening hacks. The cleaning influencer, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, often shares gardening, cleaning and DIY content on her Instagram account which has more than 4.3 million followers. Now, fans of hers have created their own groups dedicated to sharing cleaning and gardening tips. On one such group, Facebook user Jigme Namgyal asked Mrs Hinch gardening fans: “Hello peeps. “What is the best and easiest way to get rid of these weeds from the driveway? “I have a power hose but that creates a flood so I would like to stay away from it for the time being. “Any recommendations would be greatly appreciated.” The post was inundated with almost 100 comments from Mrs Hinch fans. READ MORE: Use cupboard essentials to tackle kitchen grime - baking soda and salt The most common response from keen gardeners was to use salt in a multitude of ways. Some suggested using salt on its own while others suggested using it with vinegar or diluted with water. Alison White said: “I have exactly the same path and weeds were horrible, I would pull up as many of the bigger weeds you can and then pour the cheapest salt you can get in the cracks, try to do when it’s not going to rain. “Has totally cleared my path and when new ones do appear I just reapply the salt.” Paula Brown replied: “Boiling water and salt. I did this last weekend, all dead now.” DON'T MISSCleaner switches oven on for 10 minutes to remove grease [INSIGHT]Laundry expert shares items which should never be put in the machine [UPDATE]Presenting a ’stylish’ and ‘functional home’ can increase value by 20% [ANALYSIS] Johanna Nash commented: “Salt on weeds, leave for a day or two. “I always do this and it’s cheap. My great grandmother used to do this.” Jean Yates wrote: “Put salt on and a small amount of water.” Lorraine Edge said: “Remove the weeds, trowel or hand tool. “As long as you don’t have any run off onto lawns and flower beds, a solution of salt in water diluted down. “Please note the run off will kill grass and soil in flower beds.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Zara Melia suggested: “Washing up liquid, salt and white vinegar all in a spray bottle. “I have the exact same in my garden. “I did it last summer after getting advised by a neighbour and they still haven’t come back up. Swear by it.” Becky Rose said: “I always put salt on my weeds. “It kills them quite quickly.” Shivonne Adams said: “Lots of salt.” Sharmila Malkani replied: “I just sprinkled salt on them and they will die and wilt.” Margaret George wrote: “Sprinkle with salt in the night and the morning dew will kill them within days.” Essential Table Salt costs 55p for 750g from Waitrose. Morrisons Table Salt costs 29p for 750g.  Saxa Table Salt is £1.25 for 750g from Sainsbury’s. Other suggestions for killing weeds from Mrs Hinch fans included using soda crystals, boiling water and white vinegar. Sandyholmes Holmes said: “Pour a bag of soda crystals on and leave. “They will kill weeds and moss over a few days.” Mandy Smith wrote: “I use a freshly boiled kettle - most effective method I’ve ever used, I have dogs so I avoid chemicals.” Ali Bracey said: “I use an old knife and go up and down the cracks every year. “Takes forever but looks great when done.” Elaine Collins commented: “White vinegar and washing up liquid and spray on a sunny day, may need to repeat more than once but works well.”