As Putin’s invasion of Ukraine continues to rage on, claims that the Russian leader may be suffering from cancer have been circulated by several people who say they have sources close to the Kremlin. Senior figures from the Fives Eyes intelligence alliance, made up of the UK, US, Australia, Canada and New Zealand, have reportedly speculated as to whether there may be a psychological explanation behind Putin’s invasion. Citing sources close to the Kremlin, it has been suggested that Putin’s “increasingly erratic behaviour” combined with his bloated face, suggest the use of medical treatment. Meanwhile it has also been suggested that Putin may be suffering from cancer and the medical treatment he has received has altered his state of mind. Last week, a security source told the Mail on Sunday: “It is only human sources that can offer you the sort of rich picture that we have of Putin’s psyche. “There has been an identifiable change in his decision-making over the past five years or so. Those around him see a marked change in the cogency and clarity of what he says and how he perceives the world around him.” However, this is not the first time claims that Putin may be suffering from cancer have circulated. Read More: Ukraine: Unhinged Putin vows to attack entire world In 2014, after the President ordered the illegal annexation of Crimea, an article citing a number of “sources” close to Putin including an unnamed German doctor, claimed that Putin was suffering from terminal cancer. Journalist Richard Johnson claimed in the New York Post: “Putin was allegedly being treated by a doctor from the old East Germany. “The doc had been trying various treatments, including steroid shots, which would explain Putin’s puffy appearance. “But I’m told the physician quit recently, confiding that he was mistreated by Putin’s security detail.”  At the time, a Kremlin spokesperson angrily retorted that Putin does not have pancreatic cancer, and those reporting that the President’s health is suffering should “bite their tongue”. Putin’s representative Dmitry Pskov furiously told journalists they “shouldn’t bank on it” in response to reports of Putin’s cancer, and told reporters to “bite your tongue”. According to RIA Novosti, the spokesperson then said, slightly less aggressively, that “everything’s fine”. Unfounded rumours of ill health have plagued Putin for the past decade. Don't Miss:Vladimir Putin's 'emotional chaos' childhood laid bare[ANALYSIS]Russia defied by Finland: 'Clearly a part of the West'[INSIGHT]Putin's daughter 'flipped out' after hearing of father's big news[OPINION] In 2020, Valery Solovei, a prominent critic of the President, also claimed that Putin was suffering from cancer and underwent surgery earlier that year. Mr Solovei, who claimed to have sources at “the epicentre of decision making” alleged that Putin had an operation in February 2020. At the time, Mr Solovei also alleged that Putin was suffering from Parkinson’s and planning on stepping down in January 2021 due to health problems. According to Mail Online, he claimed: “One is of a psycho-neurological nature, the other is a cancer problem. “If anyone is interested in the exact diagnosis, I’m not a doctor and I have no ethical right to reveal these problems. “The second diagnosis is a lot, lot more dangerous than the first named diagnosis as Parkinson’s does not threaten physical state but just limits public appearances. “Based on this information people will be able to make conclusions about his life horizon, which wouldn’t even require specialist medical education.” The Kremlin firmly and categorically denied that there was anything wrong with Putin’s health at the time. The West has condemned Putin’s ruthless invasion of Ukraine, and implemented heavy sanctions against Russia. Meanwhile, Russia’s army are slowly making inroads into Ukraine’s capital, Kyiv, with shelling having caused an enormous fire to break out yesterday in a 15-storey apartment in the West of the city. This morning, a Russian artillery shell also rammed into an apartment block in the centre of Kyiv and started a fire.