Lord Grade, who is the Government's pick to be the new chair of the media regulator, described himself as a "critical friend" of the BBC. Giving evidence to the digital, culture, media and sport select committee of MPs, he addressed comments he made in January about the national broadcaster pushing for a bigger licence fee settlement. He said: "Let me just say straight away that my criticism of the licence fee was about the fact that at the time of the last settlement their news bulletins were full, quite rightly, of stories about increased use of food banks, hardship across the country, people having to choose whether to heat or to eat - to use the soundbite. "And there they were, another part of the BBC, asking for more money at the licence fee. "As a former chairman of the BBC and a friend of the BBC, a critical friend sometimes, I thought that was wrong and I wanted to say so." He added: "I described the licence fee as regressive. READ MORE: BBC says a quarter of staff will come from poorer backgrounds by 2027  "I didn't think that was an opinion, I thought that was a statement of fact, actually." Lord Grade was formerly the chairman of the BBC and has also been the chairman of ITV and CEO of Channel 4. The 79-year-old Conservative peer was announced by Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries as the Government's preferred candidate earlier this month. The minister said she was "delighted" Lord Grade was set to become the next Ofcom chair, adding his "experience at the highest level of a number of broadcasters and his expert knowledge of the British media landscape makes him an ideal candidate for this role". She added: "I am confident that under Lord Grade's leadership Ofcom will rise to the challenge with great success." The former TV executive was appearing before the DCMS committee this morning for a pre-appointment hearing before being formally given the job. DON'T MISS:TV licence Households entitled to refund of £154 [INSIGHT]BBC licence fee: Tory MP Julia Lopez comes out fighting for TV rebels [UPDATE]BBC 'losing its allure' as talent flees corporation [WARNING]  The Government is required to give the parliamentary committee a chance to interview their preferred candidate before they are handed the role, but the MPs have no formal say over the appointment. Lord Grade has been vocal in his opinions in recent years. As well as criticising the BBC licence fee, he attacked the broadcaster's coverage of the so-called partygate row as "gleeful and disrespectful", and has rallied against "wokeism". Amid questions over his suitability to chair Ofcom given his past opinions, Lord Grade said he would "leave his opinions are the door" once he took up the role.  He told MPs: "Ofcom's enviable reputation as a regulator is based on their processes, their adjudications - their decisions are based on evidence and research. "And therefore you leave your opinions at the door when you arrive at Ofcom. You have to leave your opinions at the door. "After a lifetime of broadcasting at the highest levels I have views, as anybody does, but you leave those behind when you get to Ofcom." Lord was appointed as a Tory peer by David Cameron in 2011 but will sit as a crossbencher when he takes up the Ofcom role. 