Osteoarthritis (also known as OA) is a common joint disease that most often affects middle-age to elderly people. It is commonly referred to as "wear and tear" of the joints, however OA really is a disease of the entire joint, involving the cartilage, joint lining, ligaments, and bone. Osteoarthritis is the most common cause of chronic pain and disability in the world. It is the most common form of arthritis and a leading source of chronic pain and disability worldwide. While no good structure modifying drugs are available to prevent or treat osteoarthritis, various forms of therapeutic exercise have been shown to be useful in relieving pain and improving physical functionality. Knee osteoarthritis causes a heavy burden to the population, as pain and stiffness in this large weight-bearing joint often leads to significant disability requiring surgical interventions. Various exercise therapy modalities have shown their effectiveness in pain reduction, disability improvement, and enhancing the quality of life. Exercise is considered the most effective, non-drug treatment for reducing pain and improving movement in patients with osteoarthritis by the Arthritis Foundation (AF). Different types of exercise play a role in maintaining and improving the ability to move and function. Walking, biking, swimming, tai chi, yoga, and water aerobics are all good aerobic exercises for people with osteoarthritis. Water exercise is especially ideal because of water's soothing warmth and buoyancy. It's a gentle way to exercise joints and muscles - plus it acts as resistance to help build muscle strength. When it comes to diet, experts recommend loading up on turmeric, or curcumin, to help with pain and stiffness associated with the condition. One review published in the journal Dovepress aimed to summarise the anti-osteoarthritic effects of curcumin derived from clinical and preclinical studies. Many clinical trials had been conducted to determine the effectiveness of curcumin in osteoarthritic patients. According to the review, patients with osteoarthritis showed improvement in pain, physical function, and quality of life after taking curcumin. Many over-the-counter nutrition supplements have been used for osteoarthritis treatment, said the American College of Rheumatology. The health site continued: “Most lack good research data to support their effectiveness and safety. “Among the most widely used are calcium, vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acids. “To ensure safety and avoid drug interactions, consult your doctor or pharmacist before using any of these supplements.”