Glenn Chadwick claimed the nights at Hardy’s in Dorchester were “no different to having a stripper come in for a stag do”. He added he had now been “put off” from hosting further events.  The pub on Trinity Street hosted a topless night involving one of the venue’s barmaids on February 26, according to local paper Bridport News. Mr Chadwick told the paper a second event involving two women wearing “sexy outfits” was held a week later, on March 5. He said: “Two women worked behind the bar were supposed to be topless, but instead just wore sexy outfits, but were not topless.” The landlord also admitted the topless nights were a regular occurrence in his pub, albeit ones he claimed were legally allowed.  READ MORE: English landlady BARS Putin from her pub for Ukraine invasion Commenting on the events generally, Mr Chadwick said: “I have spoken to licensing at Dorset Council and they have told me I’m legally allowed to do it. “It’s no different to having a stripper come in for a stag do. “Licensing doesn’t like it and would prefer I would not hold these events.” Dorset Council said that it had raised concerns about the nights with the area manager.  Reports of the topless nights came from an anonymous source, who claimed the events were male only. Bridport news describes the source as saying the "topless nights were out of touch with today's society and were degrading to women". Responding to these remarks, Mr Chadwick said: “I would tell people who have a problem to not come to these nights out. No one is forcing them to. “The events were held between 10pm and midnight, and they were not for men only.  DON'T MISSMassive US Air Force bombers take off from RAF base [REPORT]Riot police storm occupied London home of Russian oligarch [INSIGHT]Putin's threat to UK: 'I could sink your ships without a world war' [REACTION] “Women were also in attendance, some of whom were wearing less than the barmaids.” He explained to the paper that, owing to licensing restrictions, he was only able to hold a topless night once every 28 days. In addition, he can only hold 11 events in a year.  Mr Chadwick said: “I’m not breaking any law as long as I abide by the current restrictions, which I am doing. “Unfortunately, after the abuse I’ve got from some people about the topless night, I’ve been put off from holding any more similar events in the future.” A spokesperson for Dorset Council said: “We have had a meeting with the area manager and we understand that the matter has now been resolved.” 