ITV Loose Women star Ruth Langsford is a staple to UK television, having appeared and hosted many popular shows. She was often found on-screen next to presenter husband Eamonn, but the two are often never pictured together off-screen. The broadcaster had revealed why the two are hard to lock down in one place when they are not working. The 62-year-old has been a panellist and lead anchor on Loose Women on and off since 1999, with the presenter being a principal since 2012. Between the pair of them, viewers will find it hard to remember when they didn't see them on one show or another, which is why the broadcaster has said her downtime is so important. On how she likes to unwind, Ruth said: "I love walking our rescue dog, Maggie, and I love to cook – I never see it as a chore - and one of my greatest joys is spending time with my friends. "People rarely see me or Eamonn at many big events, red carpet events." Read More: Question of Sport viewers in uproar over choice of guests 'Not even athletes!' Alluding to her busy work schedule keeping her on the move, she added: "Time with my friends is precious; I have very, very good girlfriends, very close girlfriends, who have been with me in my life through thick and thin." The nation loved to see the couple working side by side on show's such as This Morning, and the presenter has revealed why it is so important to make time for your friends and family. On seeing friends, she described: "We will go to somebody's house and have a glass of Prosecco, talk rubbish, laugh, cry and it is hugely therapeutic. "We support each other and have gone through all sorts of things - good times, bad times." In the summer, Ruth will be joined by some of her celebrity friends as she makes four appearances with her live show Feeling Fabulous. "It's where a lot of my thoughts about Feeling Fabulous have come from," she continued. "We talk about everything, from politics, relationships, kids, fashion, menopause. "We call it butterfly conversation because we jump from one thing to the other thing, back and forwards, comparing and sharing tips and advice. DON’T MISS…Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? [LATEST]'Danger will be exposed': Anthony Bridgerton shows 'emotional vulnerability' in season 2 [LATEST]The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected my life in many ways’ [LATEST] "We always laugh, somebody always cries, we normally have too much to drink and we have a fantastic time! "I know at this event I'm going to see groups of women whom I'm going to look at and know those are your three best friends or that's your mum and sister." The event takes place at Old Billingsgate in London and is described as: "Packed full of entertaining stage talks, fashion edits, interactive workshops, inspiring brands and of course, bubbles! My two-day event will leave you ready for the season ahead! "Enjoy hearing from a wide array of my fun-loving celebrity friends delivering enjoyable, amusing, and motivational talks across a range of topics from fashion, beauty, fitness and wellbeing." If viewers want to get their fix of Ruth beforehand, they can watch her on Loose Women weekdays. From the show's description, it is unclear if Eamonn will be amongst her celebrity lineup. Tickets including VIP and upgrades for Feeling Fabulous are available via https://feelingfabulous.seetickets.com/. You can choose between one or more sessions over the weekend - all include a glass of fizz and unreserved seating for all the non-stop fun.