Many people may not want to spend a lot of money showcasing their home if they are planning on moving out of it. Experts at Lendingexpert.co.uk have shared tips and tricks homeowners can use to give them the “best chance of selling quickly without spending a penny”. This includes making sure the exterior is presentable as well as considering house smells. The experts recommended clearing away dead leaves, weeds and untidy branches as well as mowing the lawn and trimming hedges. The exterior may also look more presentable if the wheelie bin and recycling bins are moved out of sight. Lendingexpert.co.uk added: “Give your windows a clean from the outside and if you have a garage, de-clutter it to make it appear as large as possible.” Also parking vehicles away from the front of the home can give buyers a better view of the property. READ MORE: Where did Shane Warne live? Inside his impressive property portfolio When it comes to buyers looking around the inside, the experts recommended avoiding cooking smelly foods the night before any viewing. This also goes for smoking before any viewing as well as removing pet bowls, toys and beds. The experts added: “Remove all dog and cat hairs from sofas, beds and carpets and leave scented candles throughout your home, or use reed diffusers.” While homeowners may want their property to feel cosy, Lendingexpert.co.uk recommended removing family photographs and tucking away everyday items like toiletries. DON'T MISS:Soft furnishings can ‘instantly date’ a home - what to go for instead [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share how not to wash towels - ‘they’ll go nasty’ [INSIGHT]UK has no ‘moss killer’ - gardeners can only ‘change’ grass conditions [EXPERT] They continued: “Also avoid showering before a viewing, so the bathroom doesn’t feel damp and put the washing up away, hide the rubber gloves and put the washing up liquid out of sight. “Put all food items on the kitchen surfaces into the kitchen cupboards.” If the weather is cold, it may be worth turning the heating on to give the property a nice and warm feeling for the viewing. Lamps and lights should also be turned on to make the home light and airy. A few days before any viewings, homeowners should make sure to fix any holes in the walls as well as repair broken door handles, cupboards and toilet roll holders. Mirrors around the home should be cleaned and bed linen should also be changed to give the bedrooms a fresh feel. Lendingexpert.co.uk experts said: “If you’re not impressed with the photos you get back from the estate agent, neither will potential buyers. “Ask for better pictures, or if you’re handy with a camera, try taking some yourself. Wait for a sunny day and take photos in the golden hour to get the best results. “If you’re not getting interested buyers, try and test different photos. “Don’t rely solely on your estate agent to market your property if you want a quick sale. Use social media to share your Rightmove or Hoopla link, the chances of a friend of a friend looking in your area are relatively high, especially if you have lots of Facebook friends.” David Beard, mortgage expert and editor-in-chief of Lendingexpert.co.uk, explained that some of the most common reasons properties take a long time to sell is down to the cleanliness of the property and odour. The expert said: “Pets, tobacco and houses’ general hygiene are all it takes to turn off potential buyers. “You’ve got to put the effort in for every single viewing, which might feel painful at the time, but your home is your most valuable asset. “It’ll be worth it in the long run. “You’re likely to get the best offers in the first four to six weeks of your home being on the market, so you want to get your home in ship-shape as soon as possible, so it sells sooner rather than later. “If you’re concerned you’re not seeing what others see, get a second opinion from family and friends who will be honest with you about smells, cleanliness and the layout of your home.”