Jeremy, 56, said during an episode of his self-titled Channel 5 show Russians fighting for Vladimir Putin "deserve to die," no matter the circumstances regarding conscription. It came as a caller insisted Russian people were "not the enemy" but were being lied to by Putin. People tuned into the programme were stunned by Vine's remarks and several took to social media to brand the comments "sickening". As Bill from Manchester called in to discuss the Russian invasion of Ukraine, Jeremy asked him: "What's your problem with fighting Russians if they've invaded Ukraine? "What's your problem with doing that?" Bill explained: "Russia were our allies, the people of Russia are not our enemies and I don't think they're the enemy. "Quite a number of those Russians, you'll probably find, will go across and were holding their hands up this morning not wanting to fight the Ukrainians." READ MORE: Emmerdale fury for Meena Jutla as parents arrive in court? "Yeah," Jeremy replied. Going on to make a counterpoint, he continued: "But-" He was cut off by Bill though, who commented: "They were told lies by Putin - surprise, surprise." "True," he responded. "But the brutal reality is you put on a uniform for Putin and you go and fight his war, you probably deserve to die, don't you?" "Do you?" Bill asked. "Do kids deserve to die? 18... 20 [year olds] called up, conscripted! We don't understand it." Shaking his head, Jeremy stated: "That's the way it goes." Since the conversation, which aired on February 28, the show has seen a backlash of 230 complaints through Ofcom. Twitter user Deborah labelled him a "vile pathetic p****," adding: "Not a bit of human compassion and so utterly stupid I can’t even." Oscar Brown added: "Jeremy Vine said on TV today that those who put on a Russian army uniform 'deserve to die', I think that's a disgusting thing to say, and  @theJeremyVine deserves to loose his job. "There is no place for that type of dangerous language in UK media." DON'T MISS... GMB reporter helping Ukrainian refugees in Lille [VIDEO]All Creatures Great and Small: Helen Alderson radiant in wedding snaps [LATEST]Chris Evans breaks down in tears on Virgin Radio over Ukraine crisis [REACTION] "Rancid and vile comments from Vine designed to pull in the viewers and gain a reaction," Jamie Menton fumed. The same account later tweeted: "Jeremy, care to correct your remarks from your show yesterday where you said that teenage conscripted Russian soldiers deserve to die? "Sickening, vile comment intended to boost your ratings and nothing more." @PastramiPoker penned: "Wow @theJeremyVine. This is disgusting. Even for you." Sambo commented: "#JeremyVine you are a horrible man what a disgusting thing to say. Shame on you." Jeremy's remarks came after a video showed a Russian soldier breaking down in tears as he talked to his mother over the phone. After throwing his weapons to the ground, the young soldier was comforted by a group of women. Jeremy Vine airs weekdays at 9.15am on Channel 5.