Piers Morgan, 56, has opened up about his heartbreak following his friend Shane Warne’s death aged just 52. The cricketer’s death was announced on Friday following a suspected heart attack. Now, Piers has revealed he spoke to the Australian legend just a day before. Their conversation came about when Shane responded to one of Piers’ tweets surrounding Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Piers’ tweet in view of his 7.9 million followers featured a picture of a smiling Vladimir Putin and the caption: “Putin’s laughing at us. He now knows that all he has to do to is threaten to use his nukes (which he won’t) and we’ll all run away in terror. “When did we get so pathetically spineless in the face of nasty little bullies?” The outspoken journalist revealed Shane responded to him “seconds” after the tweet went out. READ MORE:Piers Morgan left ‘utterly devastated’ over the death of Shane Warne He said: “Spot on mate!”, something Piers called an “unsurprising response from a man who never shirked a confrontation on or off a cricket field”. To add to the heartbreak, Piers continued in his column for The Sun that he was planning to meet Shane for golf and dinner while he was in Australia. Sadly, “unseasonably bad weather” meant Piers was unable to travel from Sydney to Melbourne, Shane’s hometown. In a heart-rending statement, Piers said: “Now I’ll never play golf or have dinner with my great mate again. “Nor enjoy any more of his forthright, hilarious, and often very candid stream of consciousness on WhatsApp. “Last week, we had a hysterically funny argument about the merits of yeast concentrates, with him insisting, ‘Vegemite doesn’t stick to your teeth like Marmite’. “That realisation makes me incredibly sad.” Shane’s death was confirmed by his management in a statement on Friday. DON'T MISSShane Warne Liz Hurley romance: Inside late cricketer's relationship[LATEST]Shane Warne 'missed the love' with Liz Hurley on 'happiest' days[INSIGHT]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak[NEWS] It read: “It is with great sadness that we advise that Shane Keith Warne passed away of a suspected heart attack in Koh Samui, Thailand today, Friday March 4. “Shane was found unresponsive in his villa and despite the best efforts of medical staff, he could not be revived. “The family requests privacy at this time and will provide further details in due course." Soon after the news broke Piers shared a moving tribute on Twitter to his “loyal friend”. He wrote: “Absolutely devastated to hear that ⁦Shane Warne⁩ has died from a heart attack aged just 52. “He was a genius cricketer, a supreme entertainer, a fantastic bloke and a great loyal friend for many years. “Just gutting news. RIP Warnie, I loved every minute in your company.”