London Fire Brigade confirmed they attended a blaze in Whitechapel High Street, near the Aldgate East underground station. The fire broke out at around 4pm on Monday with the cause of it “not known at this stage”. In a full statement London Fire Brigade said: “Twenty fire engines and around 125 firefighters have been called to a fire at a block of flats and offices on Whitechapel High Street. “Crews are tackling a fire on the 17th floor of the building. “The Brigade's 64m ladder has been mobilised to the incident. “The Brigade's 999 Control Officers have taken more than 50 calls to the blaze. READ MORE: Diane Abbott accused of dreadful statement about Putin “The Brigade was called at 1553. "Fire crews from Whitechapel, Shoreditch, Dowgate, Bethnal Green, Dockhead, Old Kent Road, Islington and surrounding fire stations are at the scene. “The cause of the fire is not known at this stage." The building affected is reportedly the Crawford Building, a residential block.  It's located on the junction of Commercial Street and Whitechapel Road. The London Ambulance Service was also at the scene. In a statement, they said: "We are responding to a fire on #Whitechapel High Street with our emergency service colleagues. "If you are in the local area, please try and stay indoors and keep windows and doors closed. More updates to follow"  Firefighters are still working to tackle the blaze and have been using a 64-metre ladder and two cranes to reach the affected properties. The building is split into two sections - with the lower floors being used as offices while the top floors - where the fire broke out - are residential. It's understood that all residents have now been evacuated from the building. Footage posted on social media has shown glass panels that were on the building dropping hundreds of metres to the ground. Meanwhile, London Mayor Sadiq Khan has said he was “in close contact with the Fire Commissioner” Andy Roe. The fire is contained within a skyscraper near the Aldgate East underground station Aldgate was a gate in the former defensive wall around the City of London. The area of Aldgate is focused around the former gate and the High Street. It includes part of the city and areas of the London Borough of Tower Hamlets. 