Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman came together for what the New York Times deemed an “accidental classic.” That film was 1942’s Casablanca and the production of the movie was plagued with problems. Director Michael Curtiz, the famously confrontational Hungarian-born filmmaker helmed the project. From “ridiculous dialogue” to zero chemistry, it was fraught with problems and within days of filming commencing, the stars considered leaving it entirely. The behind-the-scenes of Casablanca were explored in detail in LIFE Casablanca: 75th Anniversary: The Most Beloved Movie of All Time. It revealed a shockingly chaotic production and that Bogart was eying the exits within just 10 days. Bergman was considering the same, and the pair met up with another actor, Geraldine Fitzgerald to vent their annoyance.  Fitzgerald explained: “They thought the dialogue was ridiculous and the situations were unbelievable, and Ingrid was terribly upset because she said she had to portray the most beautiful woman in Europe, and no one would ever believe that.”  Shockingly, despite the universal acclaim for the pair on screen, Bergman believed they didn’t connect. In desperation she was even forced to go to the cinema to study him in The Maltese Falcon, to try and understand her co-star. READ MORE: Forget vinyl, now CDs are making a comeback Director Michael Curtiz didn’t help the situation either, with the filmmaker already known for being difficult to work with. Alan K Rode notes the director’s “demonic work ethic approached savagery,” in Michael Curtiz: A Life in Film  Many major stars slammed the director’s work style, with James Cagney once saying: “Mike was a pompous b*****d who didn’t know how to treat actors, but he sure as hell knew how to treat a camera.” The star would win Best Actor for his from in the Curtiz-directed Yankee Doodle Dandy.  Olivia de Havilland also said: “Oh, I guess he was a villain but he was pretty good.” Bogart himself even exclaimed: “He can be a real son of a b***h to the bit players.”  Bogart and Curtiz even got into a fight during one of the film's final scenes, as the star had become so frustrated with his filming style, all while the actor was excessively drinking. Yet, Bogart was distracted on set with a more personal matter. At the time, he was going through a messy breakup with actress Mayo Methot, whom he had been married to since 1938. The pair’s relationship was infamous in Hollywood, with the star becoming known as “the battling Bogarts” for their shocking behaviour.  They drank heavily (something Bogart was also dealing with on the set of Casablanca) and were known for engaging in vicious arguments. Things became so violent that a carpenter was reportedly on call to handle repairs to their residence, as it was so frequently damaged during their fights.  In 1942, Methot became so violently enraged that she stabbed the star, though it didn’t cause any serious harm.  All this happened while he was having an affair with Lauren Bacall. The two would go on to have one of Hollywood’s most famous romances and after he divorced Methot in 1944, they married just 11 days after. Also, extraordinarily the film’s composer slated it’s most iconic song. DON'T MISS...The Batman director hits back at film criticisms days before release [INSIGHT]Film and Music world silences Putin: Eurovision blow and concerts axed [EXPLAINER]What happened to Lindsay Lohan? Fallen star's comeback with Netflix [INSIGHT] Max Steiner, the composer of the film hated the famous song, As Time Goes By. In the book A History of Film Music, written by Mervyn Cooke, the author notes: “Steiner apparently disliked the song and wished to replace it at a rather late stage with one of his own: since this would have involved reshooting several of Ilsa’s scenes, the displeased studio executives prevented his doing so on the pretext that Ingrid Bergman had already changed her hair style for her next film.”  Regardless of his personal feelings on the track, it became the central sound of the film, with Dooley Wilson’s Sam famously playing it for Bergman’s Ilsa. It is then woven into the score and consistently recurs throughout the picture.   Regardless of its problems, the quality of Casablanca remains. It went on to receive eight Oscar nominations including Best Picture, Actor and Screenplay. It now regularly features near the top of various 'greatest film lists', including those by the British Film Institute (BFI) and American Film Institute (AFI).