The iconic film star, 89, has wowed audiences for decades, bringing a gritty excitement to worldwide cinema, and entertaining generations of people in the process. The Londoner is perhaps best known for his starring roles in films such as the Italian Job, Alfie and Get Carter. But it was for his standout performances in Hannah and her Sisters and The Cider House Rules that Sir Michael won the acclaim he'd craved, picking up Best Supporting Actor Oscars for his contributions in the films. Another of his pictures that saw him nominated for an award, this time a BAFTA, was his performance in 1998's Little Voice, which is being shown today on Channel 5. While Sir Michael is highly regarded for his work behind the camera, he is also vocal away from it, particularly when it comes to politics. This became particularly apparent during the Brexit debate that engulfed the nation in 2016. That year, the UK voted to leave the EU, the Leave campaign triumphing over their Remain rivals with 52 percent of the vote. The following year, during an interview with Sky News, Sir Michael noted how Britons had voted for "freedom" in the referendum", noting the UK "will be alright" away from the EU. He said that the Brexit vote "wasn't about the racism, immigrants or anything ‒ it was about freedom”. He added: "Politics is always chaotic. "In politics, you're always going into areas you've never been before, so you're always going to get lost and then you're going to find your way, and then it'll be alright." JUST IN: Michael Caine's Alfred Hitchcock feud 'He never spoke to me again' Sir Michael did not hold back in his criticism of the EU either. He added: “To me, I think what you have in Europe is a sort of government-by-proxy of everybody who has now got carried away. “You cannot be dictated to by thousands of faceless civil servants who make these rules and you say: ‘Wait a minute, is that right?’ “Then they argue about, financially, we buy more from them than we sell to them.” DON'T MISS:Michael Caine’s former Lexus in ‘high demand’ at auction [INSIGHT]Creating a secret agent on spec [ANALYSIS]Michael Caine's wife Shakira set to make fortune from antique auction [INSIGHT] The actor, who has previously described himself as a "left-wing Tory", has discussed in detail his political beliefs, arguing that he has been influenced by his working class background, as well as service during the Korean War. His fallout with Labour reportedly came in the late-Seventies, when the party, under its leader James Callaghan, increased income tax levied on those earning the highest wage. He did, however, return to the UK some eight years later when the Conservatives returned to power under Margaret Thatcher. According to a 2009 Essex Chronicle report, Sir Michael said: "I realised that's not a socialist country, it's a communist country without a dictator, so I left and I was never going to come back. "Maggie Thatcher came in and put the taxes back down and in the end, you know, you don't mind paying tax. "What am I going to do? Not pay tax and drive around in a Rolls-Royce, with cripples begging on the street like you see in some countries?" One of his more recent roles, the 2009 film Harry Brown, also saw Sir Michael use his position to demand the reintroduction of national service in the UK to youngsters, claiming it offered "a sense of belonging, rather than a sense of violence". In 2000, Sir Michael received a BAFTA Fellowship and was knighted by the Queen in recognition of his contribution to cinema. He remains one of the UK's most highly-acclaimed actors and most recently appeared in the 2021 film Best Sellers. Little Voice airs today on Channel 5 from 4.30pm.