Chelsea have been shown exactly what they are missing after Tammy Abraham broke yet another record for Roma. The Blues opted to sell Abraham to the Serie A side for £34million last summer after Romelu Lukaku returned to Stamford Bridge. But while Lukaku has struggled under Thomas Tuchel, Abraham has excelled in the Italian capital. His latest high point came on Sunday when he scored two goals in Roma's thrashing of Lazio in the Derby della Capitale. His first strike came after just 56 seconds when he bundled the ball home after Lorenzo Pellegrini saw his corner come back off the bar. That made him the first English player to score in a Rome derby since Paul Gascoigne, and he soon doubled his tally for the night. Just over 20 minutes after his opener, Abraham acrobatically volleyed in Rick Karsdorp's cross to claim his brace. Pellegrini wrapped up the win before half-time when he fired in a free-kick from 25 yards out, but it was Abraham's performance that would have left Chelsea thinking they made a huge error last summer. READ MORE: Chelsea's forgotten man being eyed up by Jose Mourinho His two goals against Lazio took him to an impressive 22 strikes for the season, which is a new Roma record, with at least 10 more matches for him to play. It stands in stark contrast to Lukaku's struggles, with Abraham showing the kind of form that Chelsea desperately need from their first-choice striker. The record he broke on Sunday was previously jointly held by Roma legends Gabriel Batistuta and Vincenzo Montella, with Abraham having already smashed the record for most goals by an English player in a Serie A season. Despite that though, Roma boss Mourinho demanded more from his star striker. DON'T MISS: Mourinho unimpressed with Maitland-Niles and targets Man Utd star (NEWS)Mourinho performs transfer U-turn as Tottenham 'closely' monitor (TRANSFERS)Jose Mourinho savaged as Roma boss is 'doing worse than at Tottenham' (INSIGHT) “When you all said that Abraham is fantastic I did not agree, because I know the potential he has and I know that he is capable of what he did today. And I’m not just talking about the two goals, but I’m talking about how he played, how he pressed, how he won the ball back. Because, for example, against Vitesse he didn’t do that as much," Mourinho said. “I demand a lot of Tammy because I know his potential. Today is what Tammy is capable of and he needs to keep playing like this. I don’t mean the goals, because you can score one day and miss another, but he needs to have the attitude he showed today in every game.”