Planning for retirement can be a source of stress and even confusion for many, with a variety of issues to consider. The state pension is a key part of retirement for millions of Britons, so it is vital they have an idea of how much they might get. The state pension forecast tool can provide insight into the amount of state pension someone may receive, as well as other information about their state pension. The service can be used to find out: READ MORE: Carer’s Allowance to be replaced by new benefit payment - claimants could get £500 more The tool is completely free to use through the Gov.uk website. The Government says this is the quickest way to get a state pension forecast. However, there are other options available. People who will reach state pension age in more than 30 days can also fill in a BR19 application form and send it by post to the Pension Centre. DON'T MISSState pensioners could get £3,000 annual boost - and sum is rising in April [PENSION]Rail fare hike: 7 foolproof tips to help you save money on your train travel [TIPS]State pension alert: Grandparents could boost sum by £2,340 amid triple lock freeze [ALERT] Britons can also call the Future Pension Centre to get a forecast posted to them. The service cannot be used by those who are already getting their state pension. Likewise, it is also unavailable to people who have reached state pension age but have deferred their pension. The state pension can provide thousands of pounds a year. Currently, the full new state pension is worth £179.60 per week, which adds up to £9,339.20 for a full year. Yearly increases are made to the state pension, which are not taken into account by the forecast. This means the forecast may not be completely accurate. Whether or not someone can get the full state pension depends on their National Insurance record. Britons can use the forecast service to check if they have any gaps in their National Insurance record which could mean they are not entitled to the full state pension. They can then find out if they may be able to improve their record and in the process increase their state pension amount. The UK state pension age is currently 66, but is set to rise in the future. By 2028, the state pension age is scheduled to become 67, and it will rise again to 68 by 2046 under the Government’s current plans. However, the state pension age is currently under review and this could impact the scheduled changes.