Good Morning Britain's Richard Madeley and Susanna Reid discussed the fallout of the Oscars after Will Smith walked on stage during the ceremony to hit Chris Rock. The incident took place after the comedian had made a joke about Will's wife Jada Pinkett Smith. Following the controversial moment, Richard hit out at those who claimed they "didn't see it" when asked their opinion on the slap. Ross King was reporting live from the red carpet of the Vanity Fair Oscar Party. The Hollywood correspondent stopped celebrities to ask their thoughts on the most-talked moment of the evening. However, many Oscar attendees declined to comment after admitting they hadn't witnessed the altercation. Richard fumed: "It's amazing Ross how many you're talking to didn't see it!" Read more: GMB's Richard Arnold admits Oscar is 'long overdue' for Hollywood star Gesturing to his phone, Richard said: "They've got these you can call it up and see it as often as you'd like. "It's amazing how many people somehow didn't see it happen so they can't comment." "That's Hollywood," the GMB presenter swiped. Ross commented: "I think its interesting how many people watch the Japanese uncensored version. "We were watching the feed here at the party and it just bleeps out and then it cut away so we didn't see much. "But of course, we've been seeing the Australian version, the Japanese version. "As you say, most people will have seen it by now." Later in the show, GMB hosts Susanna and Richard were left stunned when North American correspondent Noel Phillips spoke to Kevin Costner. DON'T MISSKeith Allen brilliantly hits out at woke world [INTERVIEW]Dr Hilary sparks backlash from GMB fans over Covid death comment [VIDEO]'I can't risk that' Martin Lewis on calls to host GMB permanently [INSIGHT] The reporter asked the actor his opinion on the controversial moment but Kevin revealed he was "backstage" at the time. Once he'd wrapped up the chat, Noel remarked: "You get the sense here stars don't want to answer that question. "When I was asking the question I had Kevin Costner's manager poking me in the back." "Unbelievable," Susanna commented. Will slapped Chris across the face after the comedian made an apparent reference to Jada's shaved hairstyle which is a result of alopecia. "Jada, can't wait for GI Jane 2," Chris quipped. Will walked on stage and hit Chris before returning to his seat. He then shouted: "Keep my wife's name out of your f*****g mouth." The actor, who picked up his first Oscar for his role in King Richard, later apologised to the Academy during his acceptance speech. Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.