Last year Rose Ayling-Ellis stunned judges, professional dancers and audiences by being the first deaf contestant to not only take part in the competition but win and lift the Glitterball Trophy. Casualty star and stand up comedian Rosie Jones has since revealed she would love to take part in the show as she claimed that her disability would "never stop me!". Rosie has cerebral palsy, a group of disorders that affect movement, muscle tone, balance and posture. She has since revealed she would "love" to do Strictly Come Dancing after branding Rose Ayling-Ellis a "hero" for her stint on the BBC competition. Last night Rosie took to the stage with Tamzin Outhwaite, Helen George, Nina Wadia and Scarlett Moffatt in aid of Comic Relief and became opera singers. Viewers praised their bravery and the ability to do such a big challenge in just 24 hours with minimal training. READ MORE: Matt Lucas and David Walliams blasted for ‘outdated’ Comic Relief skit However, after completing the challenge, Rosie already has her sights set on bigger achievements. Speaking to Metro about where she wants to take her career next, she revealed she would love to take part in the Strictly competition. "Yeah, absolutely! I’d say what drives me is when I was growing up, having cerebral palsy, I didn’t see anybody like me [on TV]. "What I try to do in my work and my comedy is to tell people that yes, I might talk slower, and I wobble a little bit, but it doesn’t stop me. "In recent years, people like Rose Ayling Ellis on Strictly have just shown that having a disability isn’t a disadvantage, and it will never stop me! "It’s about showing people anything is possible… bring it on!" EastEnders actress Rose Ayling-Ellis stole the hearts of the nation alongside partner Giovanni Pernice. Throughout the competition, the pair consistently raised awareness for the deaf community and thrilled audiences with their stunning routines. DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly fumes at Rosie Jones abuse after Question Time [INSIGHT]Rosie Jones health: Comedians cerebral palsy condition [LATEST]BBC fans 'switch off' over Comic Relief hosting line-up [WATCH] Reflecting on her experience of learning how to Opera sing in just 24 hours, she told Metro: "Oh my God. Right now, I’m so happy!" "A few weeks ago, Comic Relief came to me and said, 'How would you feel about doing the Comic Opera?' and I said, 'Bloody terrified!'. "I can barely talk, never-mind sing opera. I had the audition with an opera singer called Sarah, and she was amazing, and she said, 'Rosie, you can sing'," she exclaimed. Rosie went on to describe the experience as "life-changing" as it helped her overcome fears and learn new talents she was yet to discover. Channel 4 have seen the inspiration and enthusiasm that Rosie has brought to TV and her campaign for the disabled community and commissioned three new shows which she is set to star in. Trip Hazard returns for a second series, a new documentary explores society’s attitudes towards disabled people and Digital original Rosie Jones: Dine Hard sees hapless chef Rosie cook for her showbiz pals. Speaking about the "pleasure", Rosie said: "It gives me immense pleasure to be heading up not one, not two, but THREE Channel 4 shows! How lucky am I?! "In my opinion, Channel 4 has always been the pioneer channel when it comes to championing and celebrating diversity and showcasing different, important stories. "All three of these shows do just that. Oh, do I have a brilliantly busy year ahead!" Strictly Come Dancing returns later this year.