Daniil Medvedev became world No 1 for the first time this week, ending the Big Four’s 18-year reign at the top spot. Novak Djokovic, Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray have all shared the No 1 ranking since February 1 2004. But Medvedev has been told he still doesn’t compare to the Big Four and needs to do more to be seen as the “best player”. Medvedev made history this week as the first man outside the Big Four to be world No 1 since Federer first clinched the ranking 18 years ago. The 26-year-old has enjoyed a successful last 12 months, including winning his first Grand Slam title at the US Open by defeating Djokovic in the final and being the runner-up to Nadal at the recent Australian Open, making him the first player from his generation to win a Major title and seal the top ranking. But seven-time Grand Slam champion Mats Wilander believes the 13-time title winner is yet to do enough to cement himself as the true top player in tennis and said it would be a long time before Medvedev was seen in the same way as the Big Three and Four despite his new status at the top of tennis. That assessment will be like music to the ears of Djokovic, Nadal and Federer, who are locked in a battle for the most Grand Slam titles. "I think that you can be No 1 in different ways,” the retired pro-turned-Eurosport pundit explained when discussing Medvedev's rise to the top. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic sends touching message to Marian Vajda after duo split  “I feel like Daniil Medvedev deserves to be there, but to really go out and be looked upon as the best player in the world every day, he most probably needs to win a couple more Grand Slams while he is No 1 in the world.” Wilander, a former world No 1 himself, explained the difference between being the best player according to the rankings and the current best player in the game, saying Medvedev was yet to achieve the latter. He continued: “But that's how the ranking works. That's how the computer works and if you play a lot of tournaments and you're consistent, you deserve to be there, but it must never be confused with being the best player in the world today and being the best player consistently over the last 12 months. There's a huge difference between the two.” The 26-year-old secured his world No 1 ranking last week while he was competing in Acapulco when Djokovic – playing a different ATP 500 event in Dubai - suffered a shock defeat to qualifier Jiri Vesely. DON’T MISSSvitolina explains U-turn as Ukrainian ace agrees to face RussianDjokovic and Vajda release statements after pair split after 15 yearsRaducanu faces race against time to prove fitness before Indian Wells  Medvedev was already safely into the quarters, defeating another qualifier in Yoshihito Nishioka to set up a mouth-watering Aussie Open final rematch with Nadal in the semi-final but the Spaniard was the victor once again, this time getting a much more straightforward 6-3 6-3 win over the US Open champion. Wilander said Medvedev’s difficulty with the conditions in Acapulco, as well as his worse form on the clay and grass courts, needed to improve for him to truly be the best player. "[He lost] to Nadal in Acapulco in very humid conditions - the tennis balls are not flying through the air as quickly as they do in Australia and when they do hit the court, they stop skidding through the court because the surface was very slow. So in Acapulco, I can easily explain why Medvedev lost because of the conditions,” he said. "And that's his problem, that's why he cannot be considered the best player in the world every day, day in and day out, no matter what the surfaces or the conditions are. "Compare that to when Federer, Nadal or Djokovic were No. 1. Often, they were the favourite in every tournament they played, whether it's clay, hard courts or grass - that's not the case for Medvedev.” While he didn’t think Medvedev and his fellow young players would reach the same heights in a post-Big Three era, Wilander accepted that the game would need to move on when Djokovic, Federer, Nadal and even Murray eventually retired. "Obviously, we have realised that the greatest era in men's tennis of all time with Federer, Nadal, Djokovic and, of course, Murray in there as well is coming to an end in one way," he said. "One of them will most probably hold on for a few more years, but not all four of them. "Medvedev, he's most probably the player that we would have guessed would get there before some other younger players like Alexander Zverev or Stefanos Tsitsipas. "And to me it's natural, it's healthy for men's tennis, but it doesn't mean that the big four are out of the picture because they're still hanging in there and they're still very tough to beat in three out of five-set matches, but it pushes them to keep going and to raise their level because I'm sure being No. 1 in the world is still part of the goal, why the four of them are still continuing having dreams to improve and be a better tennis player."