Leicester striker Patson Daka has paid an emotional tribute to Joseph Kabungo, the FIFA doctor who tragically died while working at Nigeria's World Cup play-off against Ghana on Tuesday night. The Zambian FA have now confirmed the devastating news that has rocked African football and left a stain on an unforgettable night of action. There were ugly scenes at the Abuja National Stadium after Nigeria failed to qualify for their first World Cup since 2006 following a 1-1 draw with the Black Stars. Thomas Partey's first-half opener saw Ghana progress on away goals despite William Troost-Ekong's equaliser from the penalty spot. Yet the match was marred by the chaos that transcended after the full-time whistle, sadly resulting in the passing of Dr Kabungo. He was acting as a doping offer on the night and was due to be part of the medical team for the finals in Qatar in December. READ MORE: Mohamed Salah and Egypt targeted with lasers by Senegal fans in World Cup play-off decider A grieving and distraught Daka has now shed further light on the tragedy, hinting there was much more to his close friend's death than what currently meets the eye... He wrote on Instagram, accompanied with a picture: "You were a dad, doctor, friend and inspiration. Very dedicated to your work! It's so disheartening to learn about the way your life was cut short. M.Y.S.R.I.P" Daka also shared another post from Collins Atta Poku that read: "They beat him, he fell and they threaded on him. He lost consciousness was rushed to an ambulance closer to the Ghana dressing [room] for CPR. "The entire Ghanaian continent watched on as resuscitation attempts were made with an oxygen mask. He was taken to hospital later and now this. Sad." The Football Association of Zambia's president Andrew Kamanga refused to document Kabungo's cause of death, in a statement that read: “We take note that it is too early to dwell into the nitty-gritty of the cause of his death but will wait for the full report from CAF and FIFA on what exactly transpired. "He was a dedicated and widely loved member of our football community and his impact was vast, having also been part of the 2012 Africa Cup-winning team. “His death is a huge loss as Dr Kabungo was a friend and confidant to many generations of players and their families. He was one of the outstanding Zambian football personalities that flew the Zambian flag at global football events. “We all have to learn from his example of excellence and celebrate his legacy by breeding more hard-working football Zambian administrators.” Local police were forced to use tear gas to remove the Nigerian supporters from the field of play. The angry rioters damaged the proximity of the stadium, flipping over the dugouts on the side of the pitch. The stadium's goals and billboards were also significantly damaged during the shocking sequence of events that also saw Ghana's travelling supporters targeted. The visitor's players were forced to make a beeline straight down the tunnel at full-time as objects rained down from the stands. It's claimed up to 20,000 tickets were handed out to Nigerian supporters for free in a bid to roar the team over the line.