Stephen McGann is a fan-favourite on the BBC's hit TV series, Call The Midwife. The Dr Turner actor is married to the show's creator, Heidi Thomas, in real life. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about his life off-screen, including his age. Stephen McGann is an actor and author who is one of a number of famous brothers. His siblings Joe, Paul and Mark are all in the acting industry and talent runs in his blood. McGann was born in Liverpool and began his career in 1982. He started off in the world of theatre, performing in the West End and various other stage shows. READ MORE: Jenny Agutter age: How old is the Call The Midwife actress? The star is 59 years old and he celebrates his birthday on February 2, 1963. His first professional acting role was as Mickey in the West End musical Blood Brothers. Aside from acting, he is also a screenwriter and created the BBC drama The Hanging Gale. The star spent a few years in Emmerdale, as Sean Reynolds. Outside of showbiz, McGann is a science communicator and has been a guest speaker at some major events. In January 2016, he published a Call the Midwife book called Doctor Turner's Casebook. The book details key medical cases featured in the TV series and McGann discusses their historical and social contexts. As for his personal life, he is married to Call The Midwife creator, Heidi Thomas. The pair, who live in Cambridge, have a son called Dominic. Fans were worried for the star's future on Call The Midwife following the tragic events of the latest season. DON'T MISS...Call The Midwife star reveals Doctor Turner was nearly axed BBC series [INSIGHT] Olly Rix age: How old is the Call The Midwife star? [EXPLAINER] Olly Rix wife: Is the Call The Midwife star married? [INSIGHT] Dr Turner was injured after a train derailed just outside of Poplar. Thankfully his injuries were not life-threatening, but he will need to take some time out of work. The star revealed his role was almost cut from the series after the first season. Speaking to Parade, the actor said: "Heidi and the producer, Pippa Harris, asked me to come in and read for it. "I'm reminding her that I am a student and I have my dissertation coming up. "They explain that it is a small part, which it was in series one, and she promises to work around my schedule. "She said, 'Don't worry it's a six-parter with nuns and midwives in a convent in the 1950s and nobody is going to watch it.' "So, I agreed... It virtually exploded." The series has just aired its 11th season and has been renewed up until at least 2024.  Call The Midwife is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. A Christmas special will air later this year.