NBC returned to screens with another instalment of its long-running procedural series, Law and Order Special Victims Unit, led by Olivia Benson (played by Mariska Hargitay). In the most recent episode, titled ‘Video Killed the Radio Star,’ fans spotted a major clue which could hint at a new romance for the captain.  In Thursday’s episode of Law and Order SVU, the team returned to investigate a cold case which mysteriously became linked to an affluent financial investor. It began with a young woman who reached out to Benson seeking help about her parents after she discovered she was conceived when her biological father raped her biological mother. After they discovered he was a respected investor he tried to offer hush money and pay his way out of the situation when instead they wanted an admission of guilt. Elsewhere, Benson attended a silent auction with long time friend Trevor Langan (Peter Hermann), which is where fans spotted the glaring clue.  READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up Langan was a defence attorney who first made an appearance on the show in 2002 and has since remained a recurring character. The two were at a charity event where he was a keynote speaker. The event had been organised by a drunk radio host Bob Flynne (Jake Weber). However, viewers were fixated on the way Langan would look at Benson and noticed whenever she would look away, he would hold a longing gaze for a few seconds later.  Fans took to Twitter to swoon, expose the scene and anticipate a potential relationship between the two in upcoming episodes After posting a screenshot of the moment, @BethAnnTweets wrote: “These two are cute… and well lit.” @SVUwynexER added: “I’m totally onboard with this ship.” @PeterHermannet tweeted: “Can’t remember seeing Benson so happy… heart eyes.”  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street Leanne Battersby betrays Nick Tilsley's trust [INSIGHT] Law and Order SVU star lands huge role after Netflix success [INSIGHT]Law and Order SVU 's Chris Meloni pays tribute to co-star [INSIGHT] @e_daisyjackson7 observed: “Captain Benson is crushing on Trevor Langan.” While @AnnaFS1007 remarked: “Honestly Trevor and Olivia would make a better couple than Elliot and Olivia.” Throughout the years, Benson and Langan shared the screen together many times to get to the bottom of complex cases, but there had never been any inclination of romantic interest.Instead, Benson’s long-running interest was in her former colleague Elliot Stabler (Christopher Meloni). However, this was only ever flirtation as he was in a relationship.   Although fans have wanted them to get together for a long time, it looks as though viewers have a new potential romance for Benson. While Langan may have been looking at her longingly, it could also be because the two actors are married in real life, in fact, they first met on set back in 2002. Two years after dating Mariska and Peter tied the knot, speaking on the Drew Barrymore Show the actress opened up about their relationship. She shared: “He's so funny and so different from anyone I've ever met and we had such a beautiful getting to know each other and learning how to see each other and beautiful courtship. "Here we are 17 years married, 19 years in and still learning about each other every day." Law and Order: Special Victims Unit season 23 is available in the USA on NBC. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 