With inflation expected to top six per cent, and the price of everything from gas to second-hand cars rising far faster than wages, economists are predicting that many households will feel the squeeze. Amid warnings of a “cost of living crisis”, increasing numbers of predominantly young and attractive women are turning to the websites, according to research from SugarDaddy.co.uk. It was created in 1997 and is one of the UK’s oldest websites in the controversial sector which matches up normally younger “sugar babies” with normally older and more cash-rich “sugar daddies”. In research gleaned from its 300,000 active members, Sugardaddy.co.uk shared data with Express.co.uk which revealed there has been a large rise in interest. A spokesman said this was particularly pronounced in northern cities, with Manchester Birmingham and Leeds all featuring highly on the top 10 list. It explained that London topped the list because its population far outstrips any other UK city. READ MORE: We must halt Putin's manic reign of terror, says CAROLE MALONE But if it is looked at on a proportional basis - Leeds, Manchester and Birmingham have seen far higher increases in interest since the middle of 2021. Spokesman Adam Jones said: “We have seen increased membership across the board and currently have around 300,000 active members. “This is fairly evenly split between the sexes. “What we have noticed is an increasing number of young women signing up in cities like Leeds and Manchester. DON'T MISS:Putin farce as Russian commanders KILLED [REPORT]Macron mocked moments after Presidential bid [REVEAL]EU mocked over reversing Brexit threat as Truss heads to Brussel [INSIGHT] “They are big students areas and it is no secret that cash-strapped students often look for alternative ways to make money. “The site is completely free for sugar babies, which might add incentive. “This has been a long-standing policy so the predicted ‘cost of living crisis’ could also be a crucial factor. “It is impossible to say exactly what is causing the demand - and undoubtedly there are countless variables. “But whatever people think - they can’t deny that the format’s popularity is rising.” Mr Jones admitted that the dating industry is “vastly” different from the one when Sugardaddy was created in 1997. The internet was in its infancy, social media was years away from creation and apps like Tinder and Plenty of Fish were yet to be dreamt up. And while sugar babies have existed informally for centuries, having a firm offering the arrangement in black and white was almost unheard of in the 1990s, he said. Competing with this has not been easy, and Mr Jones said that offering extensive blogs and newsletters is a key part of increasing engagement and keeping clients. He added: “One of the biggest challenges is keeping up with the ever-changing times within the online dating industry. Keeping the site updated with smooth running features and continuing to provide high-quality service is our ongoing goal. “As long as we provide a relevant and valuable service to our members we know we are on the right track. “The sugar dating space has its ongoing challenges, and overcoming the hurdles along the way is worth each step in order to provide an honest and judgment-free dating platform for singles to safely find real mutually beneficial relationships.”