Now the GMC has dropped all charges and sanctions having failed to find a single complainant but instead finding many grateful mums who would not be mums but for Doctor Kearney. Laying aside the moral debate, let us consider what used to be a universally accepted proposition: that any woman choosing an abortion should be quite certain in her own mind that is what she wants, that she is not acting out of panic or fear or coercion and has looked at all the options as calmly as possible. That was exactly why the original 1967 Abortion Act required two doctors to sign the form recommending abortion, a requirement which over time was so thoroughly abandoned in practice that some doctors were actually found to be pre-signing forms in bulk. Even before Covid led to women being sent abortion pills to take at home, some were suffering from guilt and indecision which is not a good combination against which to make a major decision. MSI Reproductive Services says "very few women regret having an abortion" but I have heard enough contrary testimony in my time directly from women concerned. ----------------- LAST week I wrote that Andrew Bailey, the governor of the Bank of England, right, was right when he said nobody should push for higher wages in response to inflation and I finished by saying "the Government must protect the least well-off while the rest of us face up to difficult times ahead." ----------------- ----------------- ----------------- CONGRATULATIONS to Clive Myrie and Reeta Chakrabarti on their calm, measured reporting from the war zone that is Ukraine. It is the BBC at its very best. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- SO LONG as there is evil in the world, men will attack women and marching to "end violence against women" is pretty pointless. Yet there are plenty of things we could do to reduce it. More bobbies visible on the beat might help but for some reason that is regarded as old-fashioned as Dixon Of Dock Green. ---------------- THE Duchess of Cambridge says she is feeling broody. Well, why not? It would be a jolly addition to Jubilee year to have the announcement and to welcome a new Royal generation as we effectively say goodbye to the old one. Go for it, Kate!