The British star described how he felt pressure after to “deliver for the team” which “put the pressure on” ahead of his debut season. The 22-year-old also admitted he struggled a lot before even getting into the sport as he questioned whether he would fit in the frantic world of F1. Speaking on Jake Humphrey’s High Performance Podcast, Norris said: “All of it would already start at the first race. The amount of people which are here working on everything at that point I just felt like another driver.“I don’t feel like I'm way better than everyone else at this point, or necessarily believe I’m much better than everyone else at this point. I'm on the grid and I just think so many people are watching me. “I have so much to deliver for the team. I’m a new driver in Formula One, there's a lot of eyes on me, there’s expectations. READ MORE: Lando Norris on what it’s like to race Lewis Hamilton “You don't want to let McLaren down, they are one of the most historic teams in Formula 1. That already puts the pressure on.”He added: “I struggled a lot in the final few years to getting to Formula 1. So Formula Three, Formula Two, having that belief of am I better than them."Am I the same as them? Am I a bit worse? Am I good enough to be in Formula 1? That kind of stays, even in that first year of Formula 1. Am I good enough to go around Monaco and deliver that lap in Q3 when it comes."Or if I'm in a position to be on the podium or top of the podium am I going to be able to deliver it when it comes." DON'T MISSNorris' awkward chat after embarrassing Verstappen comparison [INSIGHT]Lando Norris admits enjoying 'drama' between Hamilton and Verstappen [COMMENT]Norris calls out Drive to Survive inaccuracy after Wolff remark [ANALYSIS] Norris made the jump to F1 in 2019, finishing 11th in his debut season. However, teammate Carlos Sainz Jnr outscored him by more than 40 points to finish sixth.Norris has since gone on to score five podiums and could have challenged for pole in a wet Belgian Grand Prix Qualifying last year before crashing in Q3. Norris came close to winning the Russian Grand Prix after battling with Lewis Hamilton but was caught out by a late rain shower which dropped him down the field.