The Chancellor's speech today marked his first opportunity to address two financial crises looming over the UK. Landmark National Insurance and Fuel Duty cuts promise to ease some of the burden created by surging costs, aided by the already announced council tax rebate and energy loan. They stand to reduce the burden, according to the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR), but will still produce the UK's most significant cost of living reduction. Over the next few years, by 2024 and 2025, the OBR forecast that Mr Sunak's moves would see tax receipts as a proportion of GDP rise to 36.2 percent. That would outcompete any previous rate established before the organisation started keeping record. The last time it reached this level was in 1949 when the UK tax burden settled at 36.9 percent. Barret Kupelian, a senior consultant and economist at international professional services network firm PwC, outlined what the Chancellor should have done to relieve the pressure. READ MORE: Vladimir Putin could crush NHS, banking and fuel He said the policies outlined in today's statement and over the last few months would alleviate "some of the squeeze". But, he added, it is not enough to weather "unprecedented pressure" faced by British households. Mr Kupelian said: "The OBR’s forecasts confirmed that household real disposable income per person is expected to contract at its fastest pace for at least the last 65 years, shrinking by more than two percent. “We expect energy prices to continue to drive the inflation story in the coming few months." "PwC’s analysis of the latest data shows the energy price cap could be due for an additional one-third increase in October this year after the approximately 50 percent increase pencilled in for next month." The next place Mr Sunak should have turned was to the jobs market, where Mr Kupelian said he could try to improve productivity. The OBR estimated the unemployment level should stay low; around four percent for the foreseeable future. PwC research showed it was "unlikely" the "roughly half million people who left the workforce during the pandemic will re-enter the job market", the economist added. If the Government wants to facilitate growth, it should "urgently" encourage British labour productivity. Boosting productivity would then allow ministers to look at the "three main challenges of the future". Mr Kupelian: "The OBR estimate of longer-term UK growth in the region of 1.3 percent a year is significantly below the UK’s historic performance of around two percent a year prior to the global financial crisis. "Solving the productivity puzzle will mean that the government can unlock the key driver of growth and can therefore dedicate more resources on the three main challenges of the future: the green transition, the levelling up agenda, and the increase in demand for healthcare services.” Other economists and campaigners have warned that the Chancellor should also have focussed on benefits. While the National Insurance cut should aid some claimants, Emma Revie, chief executive of foodbank charity the Trussell Trust, said people would have to make "impossible" decisions. She explained the "dangerously insufficient" spring statement amounts to a real-terms benefits cut. Ms Revie added: "By failing to make benefit payments realistic for the times we face, the government is risking turning the cost of living crisis into an emergency."