After March 1, all new cars will be registered with a new number plate, featuring the “22” registration tag. The new plates are also made of new material to adhere to previous changes made in 2021, which include being made from a tougher material which makes them more resistant to abrasion and other damage. Number plates can now only display solid black lettering as two tone plates that used different shades to create a 3D or 4D effect have been banned. The lettering can still be Perspex or acrylic lettering, provided it meets all other requirements. This change was made to make it easier for Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) cameras to read the plate. Jamie Hamilton, automotive director and head of electric vehicles at Deloitte, commented on the number plate changes and the global supply chain issues. READ MORE: London’s ULEZ scheme to cover all of the capital from next year He said: “Manufacturers and dealers will barely have time to reflect on February’s performance as all eyes turn to March. “The release of a new plate means that March is, traditionally, the most important month for new car sales and can account for as many as one in five annual registrations. “However, the ability for manufacturers to fulfil ’22' plate orders will likely be compromised by the ongoing semiconductor shortage.” Karen Johnson, Head of Retail & Wholesale at Barclays Corporate Banking, also highlighted the increased number of cars that could be sold with the new plates. DON'T MISSNew diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ [SHOCKING]Massive law changes to equip homes with EV chargers is 'frustrating' [WARNING]Andy Burnham calls for car tax U-turn after Clean Air Zone backlash [INSIGHT] She said: “Across the country, business fleets are starting to look a little worse for wear. “Many haven’t been changed since the start of the pandemic two years ago, and are overdue for a refresh. “This could mean big things for electric, with businesses looking to update their fleets and address their green credentials at the same time. “For consumers, February is typically quiet in anticipation of the number plate change in March, but this year saw higher registration numbers than were expected, as previous orders and pent up demand both helped to drive sales.” March is traditionally one of the busiest and most important months for new car sales in the UK. The Motor Ombudsman is urging drivers to consider their options when looking to buy a new car. Due to the ongoing semiconductor chip shortage, which has impacted vehicle production around the world, the delivery of a new car may take longer. Therefore, drivers should enquire about what the lead times are from the point of ordering, which should give the driver a gauge of how long to expect. If the car is not being purchased at a local retailer, delivery charges may apply. Bill Fennell, Chief Ombudsman and Managing Director of The Motor Ombudsman, said: “Buying a new car is often an exciting time for many, but before taking the plunge and making what is often a significant financial commitment, it is important to do your research. “As we have highlighted, there are many factors that can influence a purchase decision.”