Manchester City, Tottenham, Chelsea and Newcastle are all casting an eye over Crystal Palace left-back Tyrick Mitchell, according to reports. The 22-year-old's fine form this season under Patrick Vieira has seen him earn a call-up to Gareth Southgate's England squad for the friendlies with Switzerland and Ivory Coast. Mitchell first burst onto the scene at the end of the 2019/20 season under former manager Roy Hodgson, who was impressed with his performances in training. The defender has since become a mainstay under Vieira following the departure of Patrick van Aanholt after he joined Galatasaray on a free transfer. Now Mitchell is beginning to get people talking with his displays after earning international recognition from Southgate. His recent showing against Riyad Mahrez in the 0-0 draw with Manchester City - in which he showed maturity beyond his years to pocket the Algerian - is thought to have impressed the England manager. READ MORE: Declan Rice 'has preference' between Chelsea and Man Utd transfer as £150m price-tag set But Southgate isn't the only one enchanted by Mitchell's progress at Palace. According to The Sun, Manchester City, Tottenham, Chelsea and Newcastle are now all monitoring his development. The Premier League champions are in need of a new left-back this summer and it's understood Mitchell could fall under consideration. Tottenham are also expected to sell Sergio Reguilon, who has been strongly linked with Barcelona in recent weeks. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land Chelsea star Antonio RudigerArsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks heldErik ten Hag's first two Man Utd signings should follow him from Ajax Spurs are expected to invest heavily this summer to match the demands and ambition of Antonio Conte. Newcastle will also dip their hands into their pockets, although they're likely to be hampered by FFP regulations. Mitchell has had a fast rise to prominence after only joining Brentford's academy at the age of 16. He would then join Crystal Palace in 2016 before making his senior debut in 2020. His talent embodies the fresh, exciting, young core that is being built by Vieira at Selhurst Park. The Eagles are beginning to light up the Premier League with their enthralling brand of gung-ho attacking football. Mitchell penned a new long-term deal with Palace last summer that will see him stay with the club until 2025. Palace would be set to demand upwards of £50million for their academy graduate, using Aaron Wan-Bissaka's move to Manchester United in 2019 as a yardstick.