Campaign group Silver Voices said licensing officials are getting around promises to behave sensitively by sending reminder letters to the occupier rather than named individuals. Ms Lopez added: "It is important the BBC continues to treat over-75s sensitively as part of TV licensing operations. The Government recognises the considerable stress and anxiety a licence fee with criminal sanctions can cause for individuals, including older people, which is why we are keeping the issue of decriminalisation under review. "It is important to restate the BBC is operationally independent from the Government. The BBC is responsible for the collection and enforcement of the licence fee, not the Government.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea "However, the Government will continue to take this issue seriously and keep it under review." Some 250,000 are still refusing to pay. But a BBC spokesman said: "More than nine out of 10 households previously in receipt of a free TV licence have transitioned to the new licensing arrangements and we thank everyone for doing so. "No enforcement or prosecutions against over-75s who previously held a free licence have been authorised." But Silver Voices submitted evidence of viewers in this age group who have been receiving threatening letters addressed to "the occupier". One letter warned the resident they could be visited "at any time", including evenings and weekends.  It says they could be interviewed under caution and the "maximum penalty is a criminal conviction". Silver Voices is calling for the BBC to declare an amnesty for all over-75s who have refused to pay. Director Dennis Reed said: "The BBC's tactic of threatening hundreds of thousands of older people with a £1,000 fine has exploded in their faces.  "The Government has made it clear that if they move beyond threats and take enforcement action against any vulnerable households, the issue of decriminalisation will be reopened. The best course for the BBC is to declare an indefinite enforcement amnesty for all over-75 households and reopen discussions with us on a way to end this long-running dispute." The BBC added: "There are a small number of remaining addresses where a free over-75s licence was previously held who we are still in contact with. "No enforcement visits have been authorised to this group." 