Elizabeth Mostofsky of the Harvard School of Public Health said: “The impact of alcohol on your risk of heart attacks and strokes depends on how much and how often you drink”. This is why another finding from the Harvard research has surprised many. The study found: “Habitual moderate alcohol consumption is associated with lower risk of heart disease in both sexes, but the amount of alcohol associated with cardiovascular benefits is lower among women than men”. As a result, while cardiovascular risk is higher over 24 hours, it decreases over the course of a week, but only for moderate drinkers. READ MORE: How many paracetamols are dangerous according to experts This applies to strokes too, the study found moderate drinkers were 19 percent less likely to suffer ischemic strokes in the week after consuming the alcohol. In contrast, those who binge drank experienced a 30 percent cardiovascular risk of the succeeding 24 hours. However, there is an important point to note, this does not mean that drinking reduces a person’s risk of heart disease in the long term. The study in question was focused only on the short-term impact of alcohol on the body.  University Researcher Giuseppe Lippi cautioned: “Heavy alcohol consumption must always be avoided, not only for the risk of cardiovascular disease, but also because it causes acute injury to the liver and to the central nervous system.” The important message in this regard is that not all short-term heart benefits of alcohol translate into long health benefits. With regard to how much is too much, the NHS has some guidance: “To keep health risks from alcohol to a low level, both men and women are advised not to regularly drink more than 14 units a week”. The risks of alcohol misuse are numerous. Long term risks include heart disease, stroke, liver disease, liver cancer, bowel cancer, mouth cancer, breast cancer, and pancreatitis. Meanwhile, short term misuse can have dramatic consequences for the people around the drinking. Drinking heavily can cause someone to lose their inhibitions and not behave with the same gentility or decency as they would if they were sober. It is important that, if someone is behaviour inappropriately towards another, that it is called out and stopped. All the while it is possible to reduce the risk of stroke through other changes alongside reducing how much a person drinks. Regular exercise alongside a balanced diet will improve the health of the body by reducing blood pressure and improving the health of the blood cells carrying oxygen to the brain. Quitting smoking and managing underlying conditions also contribute to a lowered risk. For more information about strokes contact the NHS or consult with your GP.