It’s important to know how bank accounts work in the UK, the documents you need to apply for a bank account, and how to apply. First you need to choose a bank. It is worth asking your hosts or friends in the UK for their recommendations. Then arrange an appointment at your local branch. You can do this by calling them, or walk in to your local branch - though you won’t get an appointment immediately so you will have to go back another day or time. On the day of your appointment, make sure to take these important documents with you:   Take as many forms of identification as you can, in case they don’t accept some forms. If you’re unsure if your identification is applicable, you can ask your bank when you book the appointment. When you arrive at the bank for your appointment, explain your circumstances and say you would like to open a UK bank account. You may want to ask your host to come with you. If you are not confident with your English language skills, you can ask a friend or family member to come with you. There are two types of bank account. A current account is the most common type and is offered by all UK banks. With a current account, you can put your own money into the account, and can pay bills or be paid wages from your job, or be paid benefits.  You will get a debit card to use in shops and cash machines. A basic bank account is a free account, but it doesn’t come with an overdraft. An overdraft is basically a loan from the bank; if you spend more money than you have, you will enter an overdraft which is essentially a loan from your bank. You must pay the overdraft back, and you may be charged extra for this service. Basic bank accounts are offered by: Barclays, the Co-operative Bank, HSBC, Lloyds Banking Group, Clydesdale Bank and Yorkshire Bank, Nationwide, RBS, Santander and TSB. If you are not able to open a bank account, ask the bank if they have a phone number you can contact to discuss your identification. You can also apply for a bank account at another bank. We hope this guide makes your arrival in the UK easier for you. To get more information, or if you are unsure of anything, please check out our Helpful Contacts page.