At the current moment in time, all signs are pointing to Manchester United hiring Erik ten Hag as their next manager. The Dutchman was recently interviewed for the position and is now ahead of Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique when it comes to taking over at Old Trafford. But, whether it’s the Ajax boss or someone else, they’ll need to replace a gladiator this summer. Manchester United are readying themselves for the start of yet another new era. Having given Ole Gunnar Solskjaer a new contract last year, many within the club believed they were on the right track to achieve success - particularly after the signings of Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo. Yet United toiled under Solskjaer prior to his sacking in November, which came less than 24 hours after a 4-1 battering by Watford. And they’ve continued to struggle since the appointment of Ralf Rangnick, with the Red Devils exiting the FA Cup and Champions League to Middlesbrough and Atletico Madrid respectively. Now, United are exploring their options when it comes to their next manager. Pochettino remains under consideration, especially with his Paris Saint-Germain future currently being shrouded in uncertainty following their Champions League exit to Real Madrid. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Lopetegui is another candidate, while Enrique is admired for the work he’s done at Barcelona and Spain over the past decade. However, the undisputed favourite for the role is presently Ajax boss Ten Hag. The Dutchman was appointed as manager of the Eredivisie outfit back in December 2017 and has worked wonders in the time since, making them a force to be reckoned with on both the domestic and European scene. Ten Hag has already conducted an interview with United and it went well, with the Red Devils impressed by his determination to build a winning team. One player he’s unlikely to inherit, however, is Edinson Cavani. Sure, there’s no denying the Uruguay international has had a frustrating campaign with injuries robbing him of the chance to regularly partner Cristiano Ronaldo up top. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message But Cavani remains an integral asset when he’s fully fit, an option any manager in world football would love to have. He is a gladiator who wears his heart on his sleeve and that’s evident on the pitch where, despite entering the twilight years of his career, he presses like a player 10 years his junior. Cavani was the sort of striker Solskjaer was referring to in January 2020 when he said he’d love a forward willing to break his nose to score a goal. There have been flying headers, surging runs into the box and much more from the former PSG and Napoli hitman during his 18 months in English football. But amid news Cavani is wanted by Real Sociedad, it seems he’ll be gone by the time any new manager takes charge. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here He extended his deal 12 months ago because he was playing regularly, having overtaken Anthony Martial in Solskjaer’s pecking order. But the veteran, this time around, is barely registering any action. Injuries, and the return of Ronaldo, has hampered his second season in English football. Diego Forlan recently opened up on his compatriot, insisting United’s season could have played out differently had Cavani been fully fit. "I think at United if he had the opportunity to play many games in a row, he would have been scoring many many important goals for the club,” he said. “He did that last season if you remember. "At the end he was playing many games before the Europa League final and you could see in the way that many people were behind him, players and the way he took the team to the next level. “Why? Because he was playing most of the games. This season he started the season injured and then he didn't play for one reason or another which I don't know." When the international break is over, it will signal the beginning of the end when it comes to Cavani’s United career. He’s a warrior who had it all but Ten Hag, or whoever comes in next, won’t get the chance to try and summon the magic of old. Instead, a departure on a free transfer is the likely outcome. United, for their part, have made no efforts to tie him down to a new deal.