Lorraine Kelly jibed Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William for dancing with the community during their royal tour of Belize. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been filmed sharing the dance floor with pupils at Holy Family RC School, in the beach-side village of Hopkins. The video left the ITV presenter befuddled and questioning "how many times do royals have to dance???" Lorraine said: "We're going to be looking at William and Kate's royal tour. "It kicked off during the weekend...how many times do the royals have to dance? "Every single time they go anywhere, they have to get their dancing shoes on. "Maybe they should do Strictly next, that'll be good." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG Kate and William have been known to enjoy a bit of dancing and have been repeatedly filmed having a go during previous tours. Hello! royal editor Emily Nash wrote on Twitter: "Laura Cacho, who danced with William, said: 'He shook his waist to the music. He had beautiful rhythm. It was a pleasure for me.' "She said Kate was 'excellent' as well. "'They were shaking their waists like nobody's business'." READ MORE: More misery on William and Kate's Caribbean trip as Jamaica royal protests grow  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge embarked on an eight-day tour of the Caribbean that will take them to Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas. The pair arrived in Belize City on Sunday morning before taking part in the Che'il Mayan Chocolate tour, where William and Kate both ground cacao seeds on the ka'ah, a traditional stone tool used by both Q'eqchi' and Mopan Mayas. The Duke and Duchess then visited Hopkins village, a traditional Garifuna community. The Garifuna are descendants of Africans and indigenous Kalinagos who moved along the islands and coast of the region to escape slavery.  Musicians at Hopkins struck up a gunjei rhythm, encouraging the Duchess of Cambridge to dance with a female group, while William joined a senior member of the community to groove along to the drumming. After trying the local food, the couple helped to plow the earth with a shovel to plant a tree. On Monday, the pair will be exploring the Chiquibul Forest Reserve in central Belize where they will visit British armed forces on jungle training. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will move on to Jamaica on Tuesday, where they are expected to face protests outside the British High Commission.