Prince Harry and Meghan Markle welcomed their second child, Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor, on June 4, 2021. The now nine-month-old joined two-year-old Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, but how has this affected the family dynamic? Lucy Shrimpton of The Sleep Nanny shared her thoughts. While a new baby is “wonderful” for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, as well as the wider Royal Family, looking after two small children unsurprisingly presents a new “challenge”. Adapting from looking after one child to two is a huge undertaking for any parent and that’s without considering these parents’ global duties on top of their roles as mum and dad. Lucy gave seven top tips for Meghan and Harry to make their parenting journey a smooth one while their children are so young – which may come in handy for other new parents or grandparents. The expert began: “Get the older child involved as much as possible. READ MORE: Prince George is not ‘a spoiled child’ - expert analysis  “The older child will feel so used to being the centre of your world and suddenly having to share that attention will be extremely tough for them to understand.” With Archie turning three-years-old in May, this toddler can assume the role of “big brother” to Lilibet, given the right encouragement. It’s important that the eldest child does not fade into the background following the birth of baby number two, as children can pick up on this. “A two-year-old won’t be able to do much to help but they will understand loving signals and if they are being ignored so be conscious of your body language and work hard to be as inclusive as possible.” Another key parenting tip is to stay “patient” under “pressure”. “Be careful not to snap at your older child who might be acting out a little. Understand that this is a huge change for them too and that they are still a baby too.” With two children comes two bedtimes, so Lucy recommended finding a “healthy sleep pattern where you stick to a routine”. “Your two little ones are going to be experiencing different sleep patterns now so you might find your older child is woken up in the night as well by the new baby. If you can try to make their rooms far enough apart so they can’t hear each other. “And, just because there’s a new baby in town, keep your older child’s sleep pattern as consistent and undisturbed as possible. They will appreciate the sustained routine." One benefit of Harry and Meghan’s social standing is that they can afford extensive childcare, and according to Lucy, they should feel comfortable asking for help. The expert urged: “Get help if you need it. Meghan and Harry seem like they want to do as much parenting duties as possible on their own but they’re also in a very privileged position that they have the means to pay for as much help as they could need.” Non-royal parents should not be “ashamed” to seek guidance from a plethora of sources including “nannies, breastfeeding consultants, a sleep nanny and nutritionists”. Next, Lucy recommended: “Make time away from the house with your firstborn. For example, Harry could take Archie out on special treats while Meghan spends time with the baby. “Spending all his time around the baby, or waiting for mum to finish feeding the baby, can cause anxiety, so making a day trip out for one of the parents with the older child will make them feel special – and excited to see their little brother or sister when they come home!” Having one baby, let alone two, is no simple task, so new parents should be proud of themselves and allow themselves to bask in the delights of parenthood. “Relax and enjoy it. No doubt Meghan and Harry were slightly terrified when little Archie arrived but now they’re experts! They can relax and enjoy the journey as they know exactly what it’s like having a baby – and that goes for all parents on their second rodeo!” She concluded: “Meghan and Harry are lucky in a way because the chances are, Archie won’t remember a world without Lili in it when he’s older and being that they are so near in age, they will hopefully grow up both physically and emotionally close. “Relish this closeness and encourage their love and trust in one another.”