DMZ is the much-anticipated show based on the comic book series of the same name by Brian Wood and Riccardo Burchielli which came out in 2005. The story is now being brought to life on the small screen for four episodes on HBO. Here's everything there is to know about the cast of DMZ. Leading the emotional plot of DMZ is medic Alma Ortega who is in search of her son. She was separated from her child during the initial evacuation of New York and is desperate to find him. Actress Rosario Dawson has been in various series over the years, such as Gemini Division, Daredevil, Iron Fist, The Defenders, Briarpatch and The Last Kids on Earth. Some fans will best recognise her as Jane Ramos in Jane the Virgin. READ MORE: BBC's Charlie Stayt apologises as host forced to pull interview Parco Delgado is described as "one of the most popular and powerful gang leaders in the DMZ". He is fighting for the DMZ to be entirely in his control and won't let anything get in his way. Actor Benjamin Bratt famously portrayed Detective Rey Curtis for four seasons in Law and Order. He has also been in Modern Family, Private Practice, 24: Live Another Day and Miss Congeniality. Actress Juani Feliz is reasonably new to the acting world with just a few credits to her name. So far, Feliz has been in The Polka King, Shades of Blue, One Dollar and Below the Belt. Her biggest role to date has been in Amazon Prime Video's Harlem as Isabela Benitez-Santiago. She will play Carmen, a powerful woman in the city who is a critical member of the Spanish Harlem. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell father’s Rolex watch [VIDEO]Sarah Lancashire ‘not afraid’ of playing Meryl Streep role in big U... [CAST]Game of Thrones’ Conleth Hill has ‘no envy’ for House of Dragon cast [EXPLAINER] Skel is Parco's triggerman as well as a talented artist who expresses himself through graffiti. His art is very important to him as it is described as the "last piece of his life before survival". He is portrayed by actor Freddy Miyares who is best known for playing Raymond Santana in the 2019 series When They See Us. Miyares' other work has been in Elementary, The Code and The L Word: Generation Q. Actress Rutina Wesley plays Athena, a Free States of America operative. She is calculating and skilled in keeping her identity under wraps from the DMZ. Wesley stars as Tara Thornton in HBO's True Blood and Nova Bordelon on OWN's Queen Sugar. Other cast members include: Oona - Nora Dunn Cesar - Rey Gallegos Rose - Mamie Gummer Cedric - Henry G. Sanders DMZ premieres on Thursday, March 17, on HBO in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced.