Our House is an ITV thriller based on the 2019 best-selling book of the same name by author Louise Candlish. The mini-series has been airing every night this week, with the tension building as fans get closer to finding out how Fi (played by Tuppence Middleton) and Bram Lawson's (Martin Compston) home really got sold without their knowledge. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Our House.Fi and Bram have been an estranged couple for quite some time but continue to live together with their two sons Harry (Casper Knopf) and Leo (Tommy Finnegen). During this time, both of them have found new lovers in Toby (Rupert Penry Jones) and Wendy (Buket Komur) but everything quickly gets a lot more complicated. Having returned from work, Fi is shocked to find another family looking around their home after supposedly buying it. She is left even more stunned when she finds out they are right and all of their belongings are nowhere to be seen. READ MORE: Coronation Street arrival for Daisy Midgeley's family with new set? While the main hook of Our House is Fi and Bram losing their home, it is about their dwindling relationship and their family as a whole. Actor Compston spoke to press, including Express.co.uk about how important his relationship with the children were for the story. "Bram genuinely adores his kids, that's his one redeeming feature, he's a great dad," he said. "So I tried to zero in on those moments, and try and make the light-hearted moments when you see him being a good guy, try and make the most of them as you can and then the other stuff kind of takes care itself." Compston went on to explain he wanted to get young actors Knopf and Finnegen on side and he had the perfect trick up his sleeve. He said: "They [Knopt and Finnegen] are completely contrasting wee characters but equally loveable. "You need to start getting into a little bit of mischief yourself with them so we'd be out the back playing football and then you become like a wee team. "I'm very lucky because Tommy is a big Arsenal fan and I know Kieran Tierney a bit so he sent me a video saying good luck - so that got me the cool dad points pretty quick. He was a good Celtic boy first. He's a top lad." DON'T MISS...Below Deck boss teases 'dangerous' spin-off in Norway [UPDATE]‘Not realistic at all!’ Our House viewers fume over ‘plot hole’ [REACTION]Joanna Lumley admits The Crown is ‘distressing’ for royal family [EXPLAINER] Kieran Tierney, 24, is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a left-back or centre-back for Arsenal. He made his way through the Celtic youth system before making his first-team debut in April 2015. Tierney signed for Arsenal in 2019 and remains a key member of the team today. Compston hasn't revealed how and when he became friends with Tierney. Our House is a mini-series, made up of four episodes in total. The thriller has been airing over consecutive nights with just a couple more instalments left to go. Our House's final episode will air on Thursday, March 10, at 9pm on ITV. Our House is available to watch on ITV Hub.