Rishi Sunak has today unveiled his Spring Statement, which included the announcement that from this July, people will be able to earn 12,570 pounds a year without paying a single penny of income tax or National Insurance. The Chancellor said: "From July, people will be able to earn £12,570 a year without paying any income tax or National Insurance. It’s a £6bn personal tax cut for 30 million people in the UK. It’s worth over £330 a year and is the largest increase in a basic rate threshold – ever." Mr Sunak said around 70% of workers would have their tax cut by more than the increase coming in April, as he promised further support in 2024 with a pledge to cut the basic rate of income tax from 20p in the pound to 19p - "a £5 billion tax cut for over 30 million people". The Government document outlining the full package today reads: "The annual National Insurance Primary Threshold and Lower Profits Limit, for employees and the self-employed respectively, will increase from £9,880 to £12,570 from July 2022. "This increase will benefit almost 30 million people, with a typical employee saving over £330 in the year from July." However, the income tax cut has been announced ahead of the increase in National Insurance (NI) contributions, which, despite pressures to scrap this due to the spiralling cost of living, will still come into effect in April 2022. READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares the wage you WON’T pay more tax under NI hike Paul Johnson, director of the Institute for Fiscal Studies think tank, tweeted: "What is the possible justification for cutting income tax rate while raising NI rate? "Drives further wedge between taxation of unearned income and earned income. Yet again benefits pensioners and those living off rents at expense of workers." But as the National Insurance rate rises, what does this really mean for you? As the threshold for paying NI will increase, lower earners will see a decrease in their tax rates in July 2022. Money-Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis explained: "My rough mental calculation is that those who earn under c£39,000 will see no rise in NI (from July) and most see a cut. "Those who earn over that amount will see a rise (This is from combining new 1.25% point higher rate, with the £3,000 starting threshold)." He later tweeted: "Apparently the Institute of Fiscal studies has done the numbers in detail and they put the break even around £35,000 - so my rough calculation was a little high." However, the increase in National Insurance threshold increasing from £9600 to £12,570 looks to be a tax cut for middle and high-income workers. Torsten Bell, chief executive of the Resolution Foundation tweeted: "This is a tax cut for the middle and top income distribution - only £1 in £3 of the benefit goes to the bottom half". Trade Union Congress (TUC) general secretary Frances O'Grady said: "In the midst of the biggest wages and bills crisis in living memory, Rishi Sunak's spring statement has failed families who need help now. "We did not get the urgent help with soaring bills that families need, and the rise in the national insurance threshold will mostly benefit better-off households."      NI rates are due to rise by 1.25 percent from April 6, 2022, to April 5, 2023.. This raises your contribution from 12 percent of weekly earnings to 13.25 percent. The increase was announced in September 2021 with intentions it will further help fund the NHS, as well as a new Health and Social Care Levy.  