Jamie Carragher has jumped to the defence of Harry Maguire, pointing out why he feels the Manchester United defender has "eclipsed" both Rio Ferdinand and John Terry. Maguire has faced heavy scrutiny this season for some below-par performances with United. That criticism came to a head on Tuesday though with the centre-back roundly booed by sections of England supporters against Ivory Coast. England stars have rallied around Maguire in the aftermath with Gareth Southgate calling the United defender's treatment "an absolute joke". Maguire's place in the England team has been questioned by some given his performances at club level this season. But Carragher believes the 29-year-old is paramount to Southgate's World Cup plans. And the Liverpool icon believes Maguire has even surpassed England greats Ferdinand and Terry on the international stage. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag told to ignore Louis van Gaal and take Man Utd job  “Maguire’s performances when he came back into the England line-up vindicated the idea that his fitness was as vital to Southgate as [Harry] Kane’s,” Carragher wrote in his Telegraph column. “He was in the team of the Euros alongside Italy’s Leonardo Bonucci, England conceding only five goals in Maguire’s last 19 internationals. “Maguire is not as good as John Terry and Rio Ferdinand. None of the current crop of England centre-backs are. “But Maguire has eclipsed them at international level, pivotal to the country reaching a World Cup semi-final and Euros final. If a selection of England supporters are jumping on a bandwagon to criticise him now, they have been given momentum by the incessant criticism Maguire has received for his Manchester United performances.” DON'T MISS  Jordan Henderson also spoke out against the treatment of Maguire, insisting the England dressing room is fully behind their compatriot. "I can't get my head around what happened at Wembley tonight," he said. "Harry has been a colossus for England. Without him, the progress made at the last two tournaments would not have been possible. "To be booed at his home stadium, for no reason? What have we become? What happened tonight was just wrong. As someone who wants to win with England I feel fortunate to share a dressing room with him. We all feel the same."