Will Smith slapped Chris Rock at the Oscars on Sunday evening after the comedian joked about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith. In an apparent reference to Jada’s shaved hairdo — a result of the hair loss condition alopecia — Mr Rock said: “Jada can't wait for GI Jane 2”, a reference to the 1999 action film that starred a shaven-headed Demi Moore. After initially appearing to chuckle at the joke, Mr Smith walked on to the stage and struck the comedian across the face. He returned to his seat and repeatedly shouted: “Keep my wife’s name out of your f***ing mouth.” Just minutes later, Mr Smith was awarded Best Actor for his performance as Richard Williams — father of tennis superstars Venus and Serena Williams — in biopic King Richard. Social media users were split over whether the incident was a staged gag or a genuine furious reaction, but unearthed accounts reveal Jada had previously been targeted by Mr Rock’s comedy. In 2016, he hosted the Oscars that Jada had boycotted over a lack of diversity in the nominations. In his opening monologue, Mr Rock took aim: “Jada said she's not coming. “I was like, 'Isn't she on a TV show?' Jada's gonna boycott the Oscars? READ MORE: Venus Williams puts on eye-popping display in low-cut gown at Oscars “Jada boycotting the Oscars is like me boycotting Rihanna's panties. I wasn't invited! “That's not an invitation I would turn down, but I understand, I'm not hating.” Mr Rock then moved on to Mr Smith after he had missed out on a nomination for his role in Concussion. He said: “It's not fair that Will was this good and didn't get nominated. You're right. “It’s also not fair that Will was paid $20million (£15.2million) for Wild Wild West.” Jada addressed the jokes the following week, saying: “Hey look, it comes with the territory but we gotta keep it moving.” She added: “There’s a lot of stuff we gotta handle, a lot of stuff in our world right now. We gotta keep it moving.” This time around, however, Mr Rock’s outburst reached a different level of personal. Jada had addressed her hair loss condition on a number of occasions, and appeared furious at the joke. She first revealed that she has alopecia in 2018 during an appearance on an episode of Red Table Talk, when she recalled losing “handfuls of hair”. DON'T MISS:Oscars viewers left reeling after Will Smith slaps Chris Rock [REPORT]Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts [QUOTES]Motsi Mabuse left ‘heartbroken’ over Will Smith slapping Chris Rock [QUOTES] She said at the time: “I’ll tell you it was terrifying when it first started. “I was in the shower one day and then just handfuls of hair, just in my hands, and I was like: ‘Oh my God am I going bald?’ “It was one of those times in my life when I was literally shaking with fear.” Alopecia, according to Medical News Today, is an autoimmune disorder that usually results in unpredictable, patchy hair loss. In a video posted in December, Jada showed her Instagram followers a line that had developed around her scalp due to the disorder. A tearful Mr Smith used his award acceptance speech to issue an apology to the Academy. He said: “I want to apologise to the Academy, I want to apologise to all my fellow nominees. “This is a beautiful moment and I'm not crying for winning an award, it's not about winning an award for me, it's about being able to shine a light on all of the people. “Art imitates life, I look like the crazy father, just like they said about Richard Williams, but love will make you do crazy things.” The Los Angeles Police Department confirmed in a statement in the early hours of Monday morning that Mr Rock had declined to file a police report over Mr Smith’s slap. The statement said: “LAPD investigative entities are aware of an incident between two individuals during the Academy Awards program. “The incident involved one individual slapping another. “The individual involved has declined to file a police report.” It added: “If the involved party desires a police report at a later date, LAPD will be available to complete an investigative report.”