Certain groups of people are considered eligible for this concession if they are part of an economically vulnerable demographic. The free bus pass for older people can be used across the UK through multiple transport operators. Notably, those living in England are eligible for this sizeable discount once they reach the state pension age, which is 66. In comparison, residents in Scotland and Wales are able to claim a free bus pass once they turn 60 years of age. To apply for this benefit, people who are eligible can visit the Government’s website to access it. They will be asked to enter their postcode which will provide them with the contact details of their local council. Councils are charged with dealing with and administering claims for the free bus pass so should be a claimant’s first port of call for any queries. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim  On top of this, those living in London can apply for a London Freedom Pass which offers free or discounted travel for the city’s residents. As well as bus travel, this pass covers all of London’s travel networks including the Underground, trams, National Rail and the city’s river services. Free bus passes are also accessible to those with a disability through the National Concessionary Travel Scheme. This can be applied for via someone's local council who is considered as “eligible disabled” by the Government. DON'T MISS  Furthermore, those under the age of 22 in Scotland are now able to claim a free bus pass through a devolved Government scheme. This concession is available to young people and children who own a new National Entitlement Card (NEC). Free bus travel through this scheme is not expanded to those who have an old NEC so tens of thousands of card holders have put forward a new application to get one. As a result, over 2.3 million people – everyone under 22, everyone over 60, and disabled people and carers – can now benefit from free bus travel in Scotland, according to Transport Scotland. Jenny Gilruth, the Scottish Government’s Transport Minister, outlined why the travel discount scheme has been extended to younger people in Scotland. She explained: “Extending free bus travel will make public transport more affordable, and help give many young people wider access to more education, leisure, and work opportunities. It will also support the choice to travel sustainably early in their lives. “Increasing bus use will help us achieve our world-leading goal of reducing the number of kilometres travelled by car by 20 percent by 2030 and reaching net zero emissions by 2045. “It will also support local bus services to recover, as we all emerge from the most recent Covid-19 restrictions. Please remember that to keep people safe, face coverings are still required on public transport for those aged 12 or older, unless otherwise exempt.” On its website, Age UK offers guidance for people looking for concessions on their travel expenses, who may otherwise not be eligible for the free bus pass. The charity stated: "It’s also worth contacting the individual coach and train operators to see if they offer discounts for older people. “For example, National Express offers a Senior Coachcard for people who are 60 and over. It costs £12.50 and offers a third off your travel throughout the year. “Some local authorities offer concessions that apply to local public transport. Contact your local council for more information about what they offer.”