The Last Kingdom's final season is airing on Netflix and it was a bittersweet moment for fans of the historical TV drama. With season five being the last, it did reveal some crucial answers viewers have been waiting for. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened to Uhtred's (played by Alexander Dreymon) missing son, Osbert (Olly Rhodes). Long-standing fans of The Last Kingdom will know Uhtred has had many romantic partners and has fathered a number of children with them. One of his last children was with his wife Gisela (Peri Baumeister), but she sadly died during childbirth and Uhtred was left heartbroken. The baby boy was born at the start of season three but was not seen again since, leaving fans wondering what had happened to him. The show's executive producer, Nigel Marchant, explained he did not feature in the fourth season as there had been too many newcomers. However, the final outing explained all about where the mystery son had been hiding. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom season 5 ending explained: What happened at the end? Clues were dropped throughout the final episodes as Uhtred's son, Young Uhtred (Finn Elliot) raised concerns about his brother's safety. Young Uhtred had been castrated by Brida (Emily Cox) and Uhtred feared the rest of his bloodline would be targeted. In the fifth episode of the final season, Young Uhtred asks his father about his "hidden son", who does not know the main protagonist exists. Uhtred responded with: "His time will come", suggesting he had planned to reunite with his youngest boy one day. It was not until the penultimate episode that Osbert's whereabouts came to light. Uhtred had called upon an old friend (name omitted as to avoid spoilers) for help during his bid to claim back Bebbanburg. He asked his friend whether "he" could offer his support in the mission, but his friend insisted "he is too young". Uhtred's friend asked to accompany him on his journey, but he replied: "You have things to protect here". He seems to have been referring to his son, who had been in his friend's care all along. In the show's final moments, following Uhtred's success in reclaiming Bebbanburg, Osbert is seen in the flesh for the first time. DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom: Uhtred star discusses working with 'moody' co-star [INSIGHT] Why is The Last Kingdom ending after season 5? Boss speaks out [INTERVIEW] The Last Kingdom season 5 cast: Who is joining the final season? [EXPLAINER] He is brought to meet the new ruler of Northumbria, with no idea it is his own father. As the boy was just a newborn when he was last seen, there is a lot he does not know about his childhood. Osbert is likely to play a role in the upcoming follow-up film, Seven Kings Must Die, which is in the making for Netflix. Hopefully, the film will explain what happened to Osbert off-screen. Marchant went on to detail why Uhtred's third son was not introduced sooner. He said: "There was a conscious decision about who we really wanted and who is propelling the story along. "We didn’t want to cheat the audience by not meeting the characters and going on a journey with them. "There’s a lot of characters in any ensemble piece and that means there’s a lot of mouths to feed for the writer.” Yet with season five marking the end of the road for the historical drama, it was important for this loose end to be tied up. The Last Kingdom season 5 is on Netflix now, with the film Seven Kings Must Die in the making. 