Russia's invasion of Ukraine on February 24 forced over two million Ukrainians to be displaced in neighbouring Poland, Moldova, Romania, and Slovakia. Long car queues formed at Ukraine's border with the West, forcing many to make their way out of the country on foot. Black cab driver Roman Tymchyshyn, who is British-Ukrainian, rushed to the rescue to help evacuate people out of Ukraine and has been hailed as a hero for helping ferry as many as 80 people to safety. Asked about how many people he has helped so far, Mr Tymchyshyn told Good Morning Britain: "I lost the count to be honest but I reckon it's about 100 people. "I'm not a cab driver, it's just one of the cars there I've decided to use. I can't just stay behind, seeing the places and hearing the stories. "You can't just do nothing, you have to do something and this is the least I could do. It's just humanity. "There's no real motivation, you just want to have a role." JUST IN: 'Golden child to malignant narcissist' World handed key to psychologically beat Putin  He added: "I think these people deserve a good life, a good quality life and this is the minimum I can do." Children and women could be seen piling up in Mr Tymchyshyn's cab waiting to be taken across the border from Lviv to Poland. Lviv has added over 200,000 people to its population since the start of the war, with mayor Andriy Ivanovych Sadovyi warning the city is at capacity. The Portadown resident has been ferrying refugees across the border since February 28, raking up an estimated 300 miles a day. READ MORE: Britain tightens shackles on Putin invasion plot – Russians 'suffocated' by major new rule Speaking to the PA Agency he said his employer had granted him a month's paid leave "so I relocated to Ukraine mainly to help people evacuate." He added: "Until they cross the border or reach their final destination the passengers feel frightened but they are sometimes more relaxed when they are gathered together with different families as I form groups of random people. “They discuss their stories and cry together about the losses or talk about their family members who have been split up.” Russia said it would provide humanitarian corridors on Wednesday for people fleeing Kyiv and four other Ukrainian cities. The only operating corridor is that from the city of Sumy, which opened on Tuesday. DON'T MISS: Indian doctor refuses to leave panther and jaguar behind in Ukraine [VIDEO]Priti Patel accused of 'misleading Commons' over Calais chaos [INSIGHT]Michael Portillo savages EU 'Made themselves dependent on Russia' [COMMENT]  About 5,000 people rode buses out of the northeastern city on Tuesday after Moscow and Kyiv agreed on the corridor, said Sumy regional governor Dmytro Zhyvytskyy. About 1,000 cars were also able to leave, moving towards the city of Poltava, he said, adding the corridor would continue to function on Wednesday. Mr Zhyvytskyy said separately that Sumy's residential area had been bombed overnight, with one bomb killing 22 civilians. He called the incident "mass murder". The claims could not be verified.