On Sunday, performer Barbara Dickson and presenter Kate Humble made an appearance on Love Your Weekend With Alan Titchmarsh. After making her big break in the music world, Barbara became well known for hit classics I Know Him So Well - which she had performed alongside Elaine Paige - Answer Me and January February. Speaking to host Alan, the 74-year-old musician discussed her latest tour and beamed over comedian Sir Billy Connolly, whom she called the “funniest man in the world”.  With two Olivier Awards for her acting and an OBE from the Queen under her belt, Barbara went on to discuss her close ties with the stand-up star. Alan probed: “Billy Connolly you keep up with, how’s he doing? “I’ve seen pictures of him on the box lately and he’s been as funny as ever.” (sic) “Of course, he’s an old, old pal of mine so I’m always very interested in how he is. READ MORE:The Last Kingdom season 5: Stiorra star on huge milestone  “I hope he’s going to be around for a while yet, I love him,” she added. The ITV presenter then remarked: “You can never sit and watch Billy Connolly and not laugh.” “He’s the funniest man in the world” Barbara beamed. The pair sparked up a friendship after sharing their love for folk music and had previously dueted together with Everybody Knows That which Sir Billy had revealed was one of his favourites. Nicknamed The Big Yin, Sir Billy is still a household name amongst the stand-up crowd. Unfortunately, in 2013, the comedian was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease which led to his retirement from live performances in 2018. While explaining his reason for stepping down, Sir Billy said: “I’m finished with stand-up. “It was lovely and it was lovely being good at it. He told Sky News: “It was the first thing I was ever good at and I’m delighted and grateful for it.” When probed about whether viewers could expect to see him again on stage, Billy responded: “No, no, Parkinson’s has made my brain work differently. “You need a good brain for comedy, everything you say should have five or six alternatives.” According to the NHS: “Parkinson's disease is a condition in which parts of the brain become progressively damaged over many years.” The disease can also trigger involuntary shaking of particular parts of the body, slow movement and stiff and inflexible muscles besides a wide range of other physical and psychological symptoms. As well as comedy and music, the 79-year-old performer had also made his breakthrough as an actor and has taken up roles in The Last Samurai, Mrs Brown, Indecent Proposal and Disney’s Brave. Looking back at his illustrious comedy career, the comedian released Billy Connolly: My Absolute Pleasure... which followed his new home in the Florida Keys which aired on ITV earlier last year. Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh airs Sunday on ITV at 10am