Elizabeth Hurley has taken to Instagram to pay tribute to her ex-fiancé Shane Warne, who died yesterday of a suspected heart attack. The actress and model shared a series of photos of the former couple and shared her devastation over the news. She wrote in view of her 2.3 million followers: “I feel like the sun has gone behind a cloud forever.  “RIP my beloved Lionheart @shanewarne23.”  Alongside her poignant words, Liz posted throwback pictures of her and Shane to document their relationship.  In one photo, the star planted a kiss on the cricketer’s lips while relaxing at the beach. READ MORE... ‘Doesn’t do it for a Range Rover’ James Martin defends Amanda Owen  Another picture showed Shane cuddling an adorable lamb on a farm, while Liz pouted towards the baby animal.    Other snaps featured Liz and Shane looking loved-up whilst attending star-studded events together.    Fans took to the comments section of Elizabeth’s post to send her their condolences.    fitchj14 penned: “So sorry for you loss... x.”  mrskatybaker added: “I’m so sorry EH. Absolutely heartbreaking.” michaelparker1984 commented: “Such a sad loss RIP legend.” golding7715 replied: “Such a sad loss! Still can’t believe it.” Shane had been found unresponsive in the villa he was staying in with friends while on holiday in Thailand. DON'T MISS:Michael Douglas reflects on tragedy as he issues career update [COMMENT]Liz Hurley reacts as Elton John shares pic of her and ex Shane Warne [OPINION]Shane Warne's heartbroken parents break silence after outliving son [INSIGHT] Medical staff rushed to the scene, but sadly couldn’t revive the Australian cricket legend. Shane died at the age of 52 on Friday. Liz and Shane dated from 2010 to 2013 and were engaged before they eventually split. Shane previously denied reports that the couple had reunited last year. He wrote on Twitter of the rumours about him and Liz published by a magazine: "For 30 years my children & I have had to put up with your lies & fabricated stories – well not anymore.  "You should not be allowed to just make things up. You are going to apologise to the Aust public for your continual lies & my family as this is an absolute disgrace – AGAIN!  "And for the small minority out there that want to reply with smart arse comments – imagine what it would be like if someone continually made up stories about you & put it in the public domain for 30 years & the effects that has on your mental health and your families!"  Shane’s upset over the reports came after he admitted the difficulties he faced in his relationship with Liz, due to the model and Hollywood actress’ fame.  He had explained: “We couldn’t go anywhere else because we’d just get 30-40 people, photographers, news crews, everywhere we went.  "We had seven cars following us and a helicopter over our head just following us, running red lights, cutting off in front of us."