Although it is raining torrentially in the Bahamas today, March 25, the Duke and Duchess of Cam-bridge were all smiles as they stepped out of their car to greet staff at Sybil Strachan Primary School. The Cambridges are visiting the capital city of Nassau on their first full day in the Bahamas. The Duchess of Cambridge looked ravishing as she arrived in Nassau with Prince William today. Kate wore a mint green dress from British-based brand Self Portrait. The dress had short sleeves, a low neckline, and tiny pearls as buttons on its bodice. It also featured a slowing skirt, reaching Kate’s shins. READ MORE: Kate's parenting style 'elegant' while Pippa 'looking breezily calm' The dress is described as a “faux pearl-embellished pleated chiffon midi dress” on the Net-a-Porter website. Made in a light material and cinched in at the waist, the dress currently retails for £350. The dress’ mint colour is very similar to the hue of the garment Kate wore when she and William first arrived in the Bahamas last night, March 24. The blue-green shade of both dresses matches the Bahamas flag, implying that Kate is paying homage to the country through her clothes.  Kate paired the Self Portrait dress with a pair of white heels. As for jewellery, she wore a Bahamian designer called Nadia Arena. The earrings are silver hoops but with a twist – the body of the hoop is in a modern, cobweb-like de-sign. The jewels are called the “Maya” on the Nadia Irena website. Costing $75 (£57), the earrings are described as “a summer staple”. Kate had her hair in natural waves and her make-up look was minimal. The Duchess’ eyebrows were coloured in and she wore lashings of black mascara and a nude lip. Due to the rain, Prince William joked with the locals on arrival, saying: “We’ve brought the weather haven’t we?” Royal fans were quick to take to social media to express their opinions on Kate’s look today. Twitter user Isabel said: “Another beautiful look, both in light tones and very elegant.” Instagram user Laura wrote: “Love it!” User @mjangelwings858 commented: “Pretty mint colour as well!”