Shark sightings, particularly of Great Whites, are not as common in the European Northern Hemisphere as are in other parts of the world. Some experts believe that Great Whites are lurking in UK waters, migrating up from the Mediterranean Sea once the oceans become too warm. But it may not be as simple as spotting a tell-tale fin when relaxing on a beach. Chris Fischer, founder and expedition Leader for shark tracker organisation Ocearch, described how human activity has drastically changed the eco-system of the oceans around the UK and mainland Europe. He told Express.co.uk: “We're just still decimating these animals. “In the Mediterranean and off of Western Europe, the population of white sharks has an absolutely crushed. “I wouldn't be surprised if it's down to one percent of what it should be. “Maybe we're lucky and it's seven percent, or nine percent. “We have got to take a real look at how we're doing things.” He warned: “If we want any shot at bringing back the [Mediterranean] and having a wild, wild ocean off of Western Europe and the UK, we have got to snap out of it a little." READ MORE: Poignant pictures show US bombers at UK airbase amid World War 3 fears Mr Fischer is gearing up for a planned expedition to the seas surrounding Europe and the UK, and is hopeful to spot signs of Great White activity. He commented: “I just don't think there's that many left. “The Mediterranean has been hammered so hard. “I think the population of white sharks is probably in the single-digit percentages compared to what it should be. DON'T MISS: Young woman has £2,000 Covid party fine payment taken from wages [REPORT] Snow map: Exact date and locations - is your area affected? [MAP] POLL: Should UK scrap Brexit border checks to allow aid to Ukraine? [POLL] “And that's the reason why it's so urgent to get over there and work. “The only chance of bringing back the [Mediterrean] and bringing back the waters off Western Europe is bringing back the white shark.” Mr Fischer is confident there could be sharks lurking undetected in UK seas, and is hoping to catch a glimpse of a Great White to confirm his team’s suspicions. Sharks living unnoticed for years is not unheard of, as Mr Fischer detailed was the case in southeast America. He said: “We didn't even know in 2012 that all of Florida is covered up in white sharks, all winter long - and Georgia and South Carolina, Southeastern United States and Florida. “We've all been swimming with white sharks, all our lives, and no one knew they were there. “And so I think it's important to realise that just because you're not seeing them doesn't mean they're not there.” He added: “They could actually be there in abundance and you wouldn't see them.”