Max Verstappen has refused to change his mind on whether to take part in the Netflix series Formula 1: Drive to Survive, after revealing last year he didn’t want to be included in the new season. The hit series returns to screens this week for season four, and it has been tipped to be one of the most exciting yet as it covers the chaos and drama of the 2021 season. The man who prevailed that year though, Verstappen, will not take part in the season after ruling himself out of the show last year. Last October the Dutchman claimed producers of the series ‘faked rivalries’ leading him to take the decision not to take part. He said: “They faked a few rivalries which don't really exist. JUST IN: Ferrari boss Mattia Binotto backs Mercedes over 'illegal' new car as Toto Wolff speaks out  “So I decided to not be a part of it and did not give any more interviews after that because then there is nothing you can show.” Upon the release of the new season four months later, Verstappen has refused to change his mind, claiming the show was ‘ruined’ after season one. He told Autosport: “No, I won’t change my mind. “I think that was already ruined after season one. I think I’m quite a down to earth guy, and I just want it to be facts and don’t hype it up. DON'T MISS “I understand of course it needs to be like that for Netflix. ‘That’s what every series on there as well or documentary or whatever you call it, it’s just not my thing.” Despite ruling himself out, the 2021 world champion did admit that he would still tune in to the show. He continued: “I’ll probably watch it and see how over the top it is, and just continue with my life. I’ll probably watch some other documentaries on Netflix.”   Verstappen is not the only key figure that is opposed to the behind the scenes series, with Mercedes boss Toto Wolff also revealing his displeasure ahead of this week’s season four release. He commented: “It's scary how much we let them in. You hate to see yourself in there. “They create a spin to the narrative - they put scenes together that didn't happen. “I guess you'd say as an insider, ‘well that's different than how it was.’ But we're creating entertainment, and that is a new dimension of entertainment.” 