With the invasion of Ukraine now into its second week, and reports of many thousands of Russian soldiers killed, the plan of attack appears to be turning into a farce for the President. A convoy of Russian trucks, tanks and armoured vehicles around 40 miles long has been stationary outside Kyiv now for some days.  At least three senior officers are believed to have lost their lives as they seek momentum to advance Russian invasion plans. Commanding Officer of the Seventh Airborne Division Major General Andrei Sukhovetsky, who was also the Deputy Commander of the 41st Combined Army has been fatally shot by a Ukrainian sniper. A divisional commander, as well as a regimental commander, have also both died in the conflict.  An unnamed Western official told the Telegraph: “We're seeing some commanders being killed. "My assessment would be those commanders have been killed because they've had to go further and closer to the front. "The reason why that's happening is commanders feel they have to move further forward to get greater impetus and control over operations. “That's an indication perhaps of some degree of frustration, some degree of lack of progress and they're trying to impose their personality onto the battlefield and then putting themselves at personal risk." The Russian army has so far “fumbled the operation” and the staunch resistance of the Ukrainians has had a “psychological impact on Russian troops”, the official said in a briefing.  READ MORE:Ex-Ukraine president insists Russian leader 'never keeps his words' With Russian airstrikes and shelling beginning to destroy large parts of Ukrainian towns and cities, former head of the British Army, General Sir Nick Carter stated this will make defending easier for Ukrainians as more positions become available. The retired General stated Moscow will need twice as many soldiers to attack such positions compared to advancing over open ground. Should more Russian troops enter such areas on foot, it is believed the conflict will see Ukrainian fighters turn to guerrilla warfare as insurgency rises.Sir Nick said: “I suspect they will rubblise the cities they choose to attack and I fear Kyiv will be an obvious target in this. “But what history has proved is once you rubblise a city it becomes much harder to take it because you have to go close and personal to winkle your enemies out of buildings. “And that is really hard if you have trashed the place with artillery,” said the General speaking in a podcast to The Economist.  DON'T MISS:Macron mocked moments after Presidential bid [REPORT]British military vehicles in Estonia storm to Russia border [REVEAL]EU mocked over reversing Brexit threat as Truss heads to Brussel [INSIGHT] Sir Nick added: “So it becomes a very bloody affair and the proportion of attackers to defenders needs to be much higher than it would be in open terrain. “In open terrain three to one is regarded as the proportion you need to win.“In urban domains, it can be as much as six to one.” Several reports have emerged showing demoralised Russian soldiers in tears as they surrender to Ukrainian forces. Other sources have shown Russian vehicles have run out of fuel, with soldiers accompanying the vehicles stating they were unaware of where they were going.  The Russian President has called on NATO to block Ukraine from joining the alliance, as well as seeking a stand-down of NATO forces in Eastern Europe. Furthermore, Putin has declared recognition of two separatist states in Eastern Ukraine and claims the invasion into the country is a “special operation” to demilitarise and bring denazification to Ukraine. Sir Nick ended by saying: “It is pretty clear Mr Putin can’t win. “No puppet or Russian-backed government would ever have the legitimacy to be able to rule Ukraine. “He cannot afford to occupy Ukraine indefinitely. “It will become a quagmire.” 