The iconic actress, 75, explored the moment she found out she would be made a Dame. Speaking on Radio 2 on Saturday, she told Claudia that the news came as "a shock" and she burst into tears when she found out about the accolade. The Absolutely Fabulous star was recognised with the highest award for services to drama, entertainment and charity. "Can we talk about your recent accolade and damehood?" Claudia, 50, asked. "Was that thrilling and did you immediately change all notelets?" Joanna replied: "It was thrilling, and I'll tell you why it was thrilling. "A, it was December. And I'd been made an OBE in 1996 or something like that, and I got the letter in August or September or something. READ MORE: Vladimir Putin facing 'additional pressure' from alleged secret family "So to get something in December - it was an official looking letter and I thought it might be from - I don't know. "I couldn't think why it would be coming to me. "My husband was away. When I opened it up and saw it I literally burst into tears, it was such a shock!" She repeated: "Such a shock. I was an OBE, you don't usually get to be a dame from that. "So for some reason - maybe somebody dropped out, I don't know." "I don't think it works like that," Claudia laughed. She added: "I mean I love you, it's not like 'Maureen Lipman can no longer come so shall we do this'. "No, of course you're a Dame!" "Anyway, it was utterly, utterly thrilling," the former model explained. DON'T MISS... James Martin reveals reality of Britain's Dover Sole being sent abroad [LATEST]Saturday Night Take Away and Starstruck cancelled in ITV shake-up [VIDEO]'Heartbreaking' BBC Breakfast guest in tears over Ukraine destruction [LATEST] "And so I just have this little thing which is 'by name a dame, but still the same'. "Because I don't want people to treat me any differently. "I don't ever want to be put on the roles that I play and things. "I just - it's wonderful. It's a secret that I can keep. A legal right to me, and it's lovely. "Put Dame on the envelope but you mustn't call me Dame Joanna." "Okay, alright," Claudia replied, joking: "That's cancelled my next 17 questions." Joanna received the accolade as part of the New Year's Honours list. As well as an OBE in the 1990s, Joanna has also received the BAFTA TV Fellowship in 2017. The Radio 2 segment is available to listen to on BBC Sounds.