 Despite the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and the ever-increasing tensions between Russia and Western allies, the former US President decided to address Putin to ask for dirt on the Biden family. Appearing on Just the News television show on Real America’s Voice, Mr Trump once again hinted at under-the-table dealings between Joe Biden’s son, Hunter Biden, and oligarchs in Russia.   In 2020, a report from the Senate revealed that Yelena Baturina, who was the wife of Moscow’s mayor at the time, gave $3.5 million 10 years ago to a company co-founded by Hunter Biden. The report also disclosed that there are unanswered questions as to why the money was awarded to the company. Hunter has denied any wrongdoing while a grand jury in Delaware investigated his business transactions relating to tax violations, money laundering and foreign lobbying concerns. Speaking from his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, Donald Trump said: “She gave him $3.5 million. So now I would think Putin would know the answer to that.   “I think he [Putin] should release it. I think we should know that answer.” He added: “Now, you won’t get the answer from Ukraine” after Trump had requested their help in investigating the issue in 2020. Aside from Hunter’s dealings with Ms Baturina, he also received thousands of dollars every year from the gas company Burisma Holdings which hired Mr Biden in 2014 and is owned by Russian oligarch Nikolai Zlochevsky. Mr Trump also called for this connection to be further investigated after the State Department ruled there was a conflict of interest with Joe Biden as the then Vice President and manager of US-Ukraine policy. The point of contention arose after the State Department labelled the gas company as corrupt and identified that it made bribes with Ukrainian officials. READ MORE:Rage as passengers lose out due to post-Brexit rules  The controversial report from the Senate Republicans cleared President Biden of any wrongdoing but did not do the same for his son despite little evidence of foul play.Earlier this month, Mr Trump brought up the issue again tweeting: “Breaking News: Russia just sanctioned Joe Biden. “While that is a terrible thing, in so many ways, perhaps it will now be explained why the Biden family received 3.5 million dollars from the very wealthy former Mayor of Moscow’s wife.” Politico has previously reported that the former US President has chased business deals with Yuri Luzhkov, the former Mayor of Moscow in the 1990s. DON'T MISS:Brexit poll: Do YOU think the UK should rejoin the EU single market? (POLL)Lewis Hamilton's ability questioned and told he's 'never had to push' (REACTION)Cost of living: Pensioners urged to claim £3,000 DWP benefit (INSIGHT)  It is not the first time Trump has urged Russia to help him defeat a political opponent, as in 2016 he asked for Russia to hack Hilary Clinton’s emails, which he later said was a “joke”. He had said: “Russia, if you’re listening – I hope you are able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing.” Trump’s peculiar relationship with Russia is thought to impact voters after Russia’s actions during the Ukraine conflict. It has already split Republicans after Kevin McCarthy, House Minority Leader distanced himself from Trump after his comments calling Putin “savvy” and a “genius”. 