Ronnie O’Sullivan fired a warning to his snooker rivals after reclaiming the world number one position. At the age of 46, he has reached the summit of the snooker rankings, 20 years after he claimed top spot for the very first time. The snooker genius surprised himself with his latest achievement after beating old foe Mark Williams 10-9 in an epic in the Tour Championship quarter-finals. In fact, it was one of his finest displays to date and he has admitted his delight at reaching the summit again. He made a bold statement regarding his ranking in the future. "It is a bit like when I won the world title (in 2013) after taking a year out," O'Sullivan said to ITV and World Snooker Tour media. "I was a bit shocked I was able to do that and I was a bit surprised I was able to get to No 1 at this stage of my career. I want to be the first old age pensioner to be in the top eight, that would be some feat. "The day that I play snooker for money is the day that I won't play so while everything is good off the table, I can just come here, enjoy it and have fun. Win, great, lose, not such a big deal. I just like to spend time as much time as I can away from home at a tournament with my mates and have a laugh. It is like a holiday for me. It's a great life." JUST IN: Ronnie O'Sullivan warns he could skip World Snooker Championship at Crucible  The sporting legend produced one of his best-ever performances to defeat Williams 10-9 in the Tour Championship quarter-finals. He produced breaks of 56, 84, 131, 128, 89, 100, 75, 106 and 127 to prevail in what was a rollercoaster encounter. He is set to play Masters champion Neil Robertson in the last four. “It is probably the best he has ever played against me and the best I’ve ever played against him. For us to both play well together is quite rare,” the six-time world champion added. Williams and O’Sullivan have contested many matches against one another over their long careers in the sport, and their latest is arguably their finest. At the conclusion of their thriller, The Rocket opened up on a conversaion he had with his great rival. "I just said you never missed a long ball all day, it was just ridiculous, it was mental," O’Sullivan said to ITV. "Neil Robertson can pot long balls but he’d have to go some to pot as many as he did today. It’s probably the best he’s ever played against me and probably one of the best I’ve ever played against him. It was a tough game."