Barcelona dream of signing both Erling Haaland and Mohamed Salah this summer - despite reportedly agreeing a five-year contract with Raphinha. The Brazilian is on course to leave Leeds at the end of the campaign after two seasons at Elland Road as Barca accelerated talks with his agent Deco. Xavi wants to bolster his options ahead of the 2022/23 season - when he will target success on all fronts. Up to seven players are said to have been placed on the transfer market in a bid to raise some extra cash to spend. There is optimism that Barcelona have now weathered the storm as they look ahead to clearer skies. According to Spanish outlet AS, Haaland is the main target in attack but Salah is also of interest. READ MORE: Archaf Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Lionel Messi and Neymar 'don't speak to him' In addition to that, Barcelona want one of their big signings to effectively replace Ousmane Dembele if he leaves. The Frenchman could yet stay despite the breakdown of contract talks earlier in the season. His recent upturn in form could be enough to convince Barcelona to reopen discussions with his representatives. Haaland's £64million release clause will become active this summer and it's set to spark a transfer scramble. DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt The Norwegian recently claimed Borussia Dortmund are pressing him for a decision on his future. “The last six months, I have chosen not to say anything out of respect for Dortmund," he said. “But now the club has started to pressure me into making a decision, but all I want to do is to play football. “But they press me to make a decision now about my future. So that means I have to make a decision soon. “I have said from the beginning that I want to focus on football because that is when I am at my best, not when other things come into my mind." Meanwhile, Salah is set to enter the final year of his contract in June. For that reason, he could be up for grabs as soon as this summer if a new deal is not agreed with Anfield chiefs. Catalan reports claim Barcelona have already agreed a five-year contract in principle with Raphinha.