The reliance on wheat from both countries has seen the wholesale cost surge since the beginning of the conflict. And the double-whammy of the spike in gas prices means producers of vegetables are having to dump them in landfill because they can't afford to heat their glass houses. Experts believe the knock-on effect of both problems could see the price of bread increase by 20 per cent, pasta 50 per cent and potatoes 30 per cent. It means the cost of an average loaf of bread could rise from £1.20 to £1.44 while a 500g packet of pasta could leap from 75p to £1.12. The price of a pint of beer could go up from £4.80 to £5.52 while a bag of potatoes could go from £1 to £1.30. A pint of milk may also see a small increase, with estimates of a rise from 60p to 63p. The National Farmers Union (NFU) has warned of a “very, very serious situation” as production of certain crops plummet due to rising gas prices. NFU president Minette Batters said: “I think the impact is being felt most harshly, if you like, in the protected crop sectors, so that’s aubergines, peppers, cucumbers. “We’re already seeing massive contraction because, for these businesses, really 50 per cent of their costs are reliant on the price of gas.” Ms Batters said farmers have been “talking about going from 80 million cucumbers to 35 million, 100 million peppers to 15 million. “The easiest thing with these massive costs – the only thing – is to keep these glass houses empty. “It’s a very, very serious situation in that sector and this situation isn’t going to go away any time soon, so it’s about planning the future.”  New research also suggests that energy bills are set to rise at least 14 times faster than wages this year. The TUC said its analysis showed that gas and electricity bills are on course to increase by 54 per cent when the price cap set by Ofgem changes in April, but average weekly wages will go up by 3.75 per cent. The union organisation estimated that record high energy prices could wipe out the entire value of pay rises this year. TUC general secretary Frances O'Grady said: "With households across Britain pushed to the brink, the Government must do far more to help workers with crippling energy costs. "That means imposing a windfall tax on oil and gas profits and using the money raised to give hard-pressed families energy grants, not loans.” Despite the gloomy outlook a slump in wholesale fuel costs means drivers could be given relief from record pump prices, experts have said. The AA said latest trade figures show petrol wholesale costs have fallen to 67.7p per litre, down from 75.8p per litre at the start of the week. Wholesale diesel costs have fallen from 89.8p per litre to 77.3p per litre over the same period. AA fuel price spokesman Luke Bosdet said the reductions “offer the hope that pump prices may now level off and hopefully fall”.  Figures from data firm Experian Catalist show the average price of a litre of petrol at UK forecourts on Thursday was a record 161.1p. This is up 5.5p since Sunday, adding £3 to the cost of filling a 55-litre family car. Average diesel prices reached a new high of 170.1p per litre on Thursday. Meanwhile, support is growing for fuel duty and VAT on fuel to be reduced by 40 per cent for two years. Steve Gooding, director of motoring research charity the RAC Foundation, said: “If the Chancellor is looking for ways to help with soaring household bills then an obvious option would be to follow the example set in Ireland and cut the rate of fuel duty to ease the burden of soaring pump prices. “That would directly benefit the three quarters or so of households that run a car and indirectly help us all by reducing the rising fuel cost pressure on businesses and hauliers that will otherwise inevitably make its way to higher prices on the shelves for consumers.” 