Lady Louise Windsor, 18, and James Viscount Severn, 14, are Queen Elizabeth II’s youngest grandchildren - and she is known to be particularly fond of them. Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex’s family live a short drive away from Windsor Castle at Bagshot Park. Her Majesty, 95, sees them as often as possible - and is affectionately referred to as ‘Grandmama’. Such is the closeness of the Queen’s relationship with budding artist Louise, she granted the teenage royal access to Queen Victoria’s private collection of Highlands sketches, kept at Balmoral. Balmoral Castle is the Aberdeenshire retreat where the Queen is on a summer break - and a place the grandchildren enjoy visiting. But the family heritage's significance had little bearing on their childhoods until they started school, as Edward, 58, and Sophie, 57, revealed. Read More: Harry & Meghan savaged for new political move  The Countess of Wessex told Sky News: “I mean Louise had no concept really that the Queen and her grandmother were one and the same person. “It wasn’t until she was at school that other children were mentioning it and saying, ‘Your gran is the Queen’. “And she’d come home and say, ‘Mummy, they say that Grandmama is the Queen.’ And I said, ‘Yes,’ and she said, ‘I don’t understand what they mean.’” Prince Edward, the Queen’s youngest child, described his own experience of coming to the realisation. DON'T MISS: Camilla health fears as fans spot worrying sign: 'She's shaking!' [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew set to 'bank-rolled' by Queen for the 'rest of his life' [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry won't return to UK for Prince Philip's memorial service [UPDATE]  He said: “I can’t necessarily remember when that realisation was there. “When you grow up in that family and in that environment, that’s just what your parents do. “It’s been much more interesting watching our children growing up, and watching our children trying to work out what that is, and how that works. “It was probably not until five or six I think.” Lady Louise celebrated her 18th birthday in November 2021. This marked a significant milestone because the young royal can choose to start using the HRH title. She was 15th in line to the throne - but dropped to 16th when Princess Beatrice, 33, and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, 38, had their first child. Beatrice gave birth to Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi on September 18, 2021. James Viscount Severn was 14th in line - and dropped to 15th when the baby is born.