Frank Lampard lamented the defensive mistakes that cost Everton dearly in their 5-0 thrashing by Tottenham and the Toffees manager has challenged his side to follow the example of Anthony Gordon to prove they can steer clear of relegation. The Merseyside club were taken apart by Tottenham on Monday evening to confirm their worst-ever points tally at this point in a Premier League season. Spurs were two goals to the good inside the first quarter of an hour after an own goal from Michael Keane and a strike from Heung-min Son. More poor defending from the visitors allowed Harry Kane to add a third and give Lampard a sizeable task at the break to salvage something from the game. But 41 seconds after the interval, substitute Sergio Reguilon struck home from Dejan Kulusevski’s cross and Kane added a marvellous second with a sumptuous volley to compound the misery. Gordon, 21, was one of the few players who continued to work tirelessly to reduce the arrears but to no avail, and the youngster has proved to be a glimmer of hope in Everton’s dismal campaign so far. Lampard demanded that his players improve in the next matches and singled out the Finch Farm academy graduate’s desire and work rate as the figure to follow. JUST IN: Everton boss Lampard's classy text to Boreham Wood manager "There's nothing positive about tonight really,” Lampard told Sky Sports. “Other than Anthony Gordon and a couple of performances of credit in terms of people that didn't give up. “That should be the bare minimum. I will demand that and it gives me a lot of food for though going forward.” Everton failed to register a shot on target for the second time in their last three matches after a torrid display in north London, but Lampard singled out their defensive mistakes as the reason for their plight down the table. MUST READ Everton boss Lampard needs to get more out of players to avoid dropEverton's Frank Lampard launches angry rant at VAR over Rodri penaltyEverton staff have Man Utd theory as Donny van de Beek impact felt “[We were] well beaten obviously, started alright first 15 minutes,” he added. "We spoke about the counter attack [from Tottenham], and we didn't deal with it well enough. Individual moments of bad defending. "Some of those goals are just mistakes. We have to think of the bigger picture, 13 games to go. Teams around us are in a difficult situation too. “Before I came in, there were issues and they are becoming clearer but important the positivity remains, not stupid positivity. “If you give away goals, the mental side comes in., But the football always starts it. All the messaging was clear but make errors and they will score goals.” The result leaves Everton just a point above the relegation zone and the threat of the drop down to the Championship looks increasingly realistic, with some tough fixtures to navigate before the end of the season. The club have not been relegated since 1951 but with 13 games left, Everton are in 17th place with just a point separating themselves and Burnley, who are in the drop zone. Lampard was brought in to replace Rafa Benitez despite having no experience of managing a side involved in a scrap for survival, but the former Chelsea boss remains upbeat he can guide the club away from troubled waters. "I have no problem with the challenge, I knew what it was,” the 43-year-old said. “The general feeling has been very good and we cant lose that because people will throw things at us for one bad game. "I had 20 years as a player. I had 100 periods like this. Everything is relative. It is important you stick together and work hard. "I am confident, that doesn't mean anything. I didn't walk into the building with a magic wand. I am absolutely confident that is why I am here. “The feeling at this club when I came here was we could be going down, it was clear around the city, it was up to me to change that and I thought we had changed that. But this is a test of that. "No fear of what is ahead, I can't wait for the next two games at Goodison. I will be ready for them, the players will be ready for them, they have to be ready for them."