Kasie Hines (played by Diona Reasonover) first joined the NCIS team in the 15th season of the CBS drama. Having replaced the task force’s former forensic expert Abby Sciuto (Pauley Perrette), she has since become a beloved member of the team in her own right, though viewers still don’t know much about her personal life outside the office. Forensic whiz Kasie was finally given a love interest in the latest episode of NCIS, Starting Over. It appears she has struck up a romance with another lab technician, Piper (Tess Aubert). Supporting star Tess has made a minor appearance in the NCIS robotics lab in a previous episode this season, titled All Hands. She could soon be given a much beefier role, though, if Piper and Kasie’s relationship is to be explored further in coming episodes. READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith Kasie told her colleagues the relationship was still in its early days, but things could well blossom into something more serious as the series continues. After being part of the CBS staple for nearly half a decade, NCIS fans were thrilled to finally see Kasie potentially finding happiness with a fellow lab tech. The show’s official Twitter page wrote: “Kasie and Piper? We’re here for this.” Their tweet was met with several excited responses from fans, including @willscherrypie who said: “So happy with this.” @lexiesdaisy exclaimed: “KASIE HAS A GIRLFRIEND OH MY GOD.” And Fiona tweeted: “Finally a gay character in NCIS! Thought that day would never come!! Go Kasie.” However, other fans were convinced Piper’s introduction could simply be a stepping stone for sparks to fly between Kasie and the team’s new recruit, Jessica Knight (Katrina Law). Now the series has confirmed Kasie is interested in women, could Jessica also reveal more about her sexuality and strike up a flirtation with the diligent technician? DON'T MISS:Top Boy season 2: Ashley Walters admits co-star Kano rewrote scenes [INSIGHT]Virgin River's Benjamin Hollingsworth defends Will Smith slap [OPINION]Bridgerton season 2: Edwina star’s huge lie to avoid spoilers [INTERVIEW] Oswald Niehaus speculated: “Watched one episode of NCIS and I saw the interaction and chemistry between Jess and Kasie. “I don't know what to say to you but they could become something.” And Sarah MacWilliams replied to another user: “I think you were right when you thought/hoped Knight was gay. “In [this week’s] NCIS episode, she was 100 per cent flirting with Kasie. It was a shocking revelation!!!” As Piper is a relatively minor character, the writers may be setting the characters up for a more significant romance later down the line. Although, fans have clearly already responded well to Piper’s addition so far, so she may take on a more substantial role for the rest of season 19 and into season 20. Outside of her NCIS role, Diona herself is openly gay and married fellow actress Patricia Villetto in 2018. NCIS season 19 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA and will premiere on Wednesday, April 6 on Disney+ in the UK.