  Loose Women star Jane Moore took a cheeky swipe at fellow panellist Coleen Nolan yesterday. Jane told viewers Coleen “shoved” her at the start of the ITV show.     Jane, 59, branded her Loose Women co-star Coleen “ghastly” in a tongue-in-cheek jibe as she kicked off the show yesterday. Coleen, 57, apparently shoved Jane, the panellist claimed live on air. Jane began: “Hello and welcome to your mid-week helping of Loose Women. “Joining me for lots of laughs and lunchtime chat, it's the ghastly Coleen Nolan,” she continued, as her colleague opened her mouth in shock. READ MORE: Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts       “Who just shoved me on air,” she revealed, causing Coleen to laugh. The pair quickly moved past the on-air banter, sitting down at the Loose Women panel with their fellow co-stars. The pair were joined by Linda Robson, 64, and Shani Dhanda, 35, as they began a discussion on the issue of lockdown loneliness. Express.co.uk has contacted Coleen’s representatives for further comment.     Earlier this month, Coleen appeared on Lorraine for International Women’s Day, where she addressed rumours of feuding behind the scenes on Loose Women. Appearing beside Gloria Hunniford, Coleen confirmed that the drama always “ends at the desk”. Host Lorraine Kelly appeared to make reference to claims of friction between the panellists, though she suggested that it was not the case. She said: “And Loose Women is on today. Like I said, you don't always agree. READ MORE... Piers Morgan slams Finding Freedom co-author for Wills and Kate swipe [LATEST] Ruth Langsford gives update as procedure leaves her with 'scabby' skin [UPDATE] ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home [NEWS]       “But you've always got each others' back. It's a sisterhood.” Coleen replied: "It would be a very boring show if we all agreed on everything - that's what I love about it. "When it ends, it ends at the desk. It never carries on afterward." Controversy first erupted earlier this year for Coleen, after an article alleged many of her co-stars were unwilling to work with her.     Since the story was published Coleen has confirmed that she is taking legal action over the false claims. In January, Coleen had planned to speak out over the drama in an episode of Loose Women, but instead tweeted: "I'm so sorry we couldn't say what we planned to today but my lawyer advised me to go through the legal process. “But rest assured you will hear the outcome of this and I will share it when I can. Thank you all for your support as ever, Love Coleen x.” Loose Women continues today at 12:30pm on ITV.   