Carlos Sainz has admitted there may come a time when he has to ignore his desire to become world champion to help Ferrari team-mate Charles Leclerc. Both racers are expected to be in the hunt for silverware this season after their team got off to the best possible start at the Bahrain Grand Prix. Ferrari took every point available at the season curtain-raiser, with Sainz finishing in second behind Leclerc who started on pole and made no mistake in converting that into a victory. To cap that, the Monegasque set the fastest lap of the race meaning the team already has 44 points in the bag. The Italian team's weekend was made even better by the capitulation from their main rivals at the end of the race. Max Verstappen looked set for second while Sergio Perez was on track to finish fourth, but both suffered terminal mechanical issues in the dying stages. That meant Red Bull scored zero points and must already make up a sizeable gap to Ferrari. The team closest to the leaders is Mercedes with 27 points, but the Silver Arrows have themselves admitted that their cars are not currently in a position to be competing with the red and black machines on the race track. JUST IN: Leclerc given reality check as Ferrari claim made ahead of Saudi GP Should Ferrari make the most of that advantage while they have it, then Leclerc and Sainz can put themselves and their team in a position where both championships are within reach. However, the price of their shared success is that one of them, in the end, will likely have to put their personal ambitions aside. Sainz has admitted that the team may at some point find itself in a position where it needs to prioritise one racer over the other in the hunt for silverware. For now they are free to compete against each other, but that might not remain the case later in the campaign. "The team will allow us to compete and race each other," Sainz said in an appearance on Spanish radio sport programme, The Great Match of COPE. "Obviously, if one of us stands out and gains a lead in the standings, the other one will help during the world championship fight. DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton could quit F1 if Mercedes can't challenge for winsMercedes engineer warns Ferrari and Red Bull before Saudi GPMcLaren's Katie Milner warns Ferrari amid Charles Leclerc Bahrain win "It happens in all teams. What matters is taking part in the battle. The ideal situation would be to compete for the title between us without having the pressure of other teams. I want to be at the top." Leclerc managed eight more points than his team-mate in the first race, but it is far too early to tell which of the two racers will emerge as Ferrari's best chance for the drivers' championship title. After all, Sainz scored more points than his pitlane partner during his maiden season with the team. Meanwhile, despite a perfect start to the season, the Spaniard is reluctant to admit that his team is in pole position for the title in 2022. According to the 27-year-old, their rivals cannot be written off from challenging later in the year. "Even if we brought both cars to the podium in the opening weekend we cannot exclude anyone from the fight," he added. "Mercedes will be back, Max Verstappen could also have won. I therefore believe that it will be a three-way battle for the title. "We need to stay focused and try to develop the car correctly. Mercedes and Red Bull will improve rapidly. I'll try to enjoy the year. It is the first time that it seems I will be able to count on a title-winning car. I’ll try to get into the fight and I think I’ll have fun."