The Scottish Tory leader used his keynote party conference in Aberdeen to accuse her government of pursuing “pet priorities” instead of rebuilding after the pandemic. It came as he claimed Ms Sturgeon was “rattled” and “doesn’t seem to be enjoying the job”. The 39-year-old Moray MP said his party was the “real alternative to take back Scotland from the SNP”. He appealed to the “silent majority” who voted No in the 2014 independence referendum to come together again to beat the Nationalists in May’s local elections. Mr Ross slammed Ms Sturgeon and her Green coalition partners over their plans to hold a fresh Scexit poll next year. He warned Scotland had become “bitter and inward-looking” since the SNP came to power in 2007 and was being held back by  the “toxic debate” over separation. Mr Ross said: “We need to take back Scotland from the SNP. “And we know there is a majority out there to take us forward. “The same silent majority that said ‘No’ to Nicola Sturgeon in 2014. “And our goal must be to bring that majority together again to break this deadlock.” The rallying cry comes as the party steps up campaigning ahead of voters going to the polls to elect councillors around the country in just over 11 weeks. Mr Ross delivered a shortened version of his original speech, his first as leader to an in-person party conference, after contracting a severe throat infection that had left him struggling to speak. He hit out at the SNP four cutting local authority funding and hoarding power in Edinburgh. Mr Ross also criticised Ms Sturgeon’s “naive and reckless” refusal to back new North Sea oil and gas fields in the face of Russia's invasion of Ukraine which has sparked an energy crisis. He added: “And predictably, an independence referendum - which the SNP and the Greens want to hold next year. “Of course, they have to promise that. Because, without independence, nationalist voters will see this hollowed out shell of a government for what it is. “Bereft of ideas, lacking ambition, stale and rotting. “And it is affecting all our lives and communities right across the country.” In 2017, the Tories saw their best ever council result in decades as part of “Scottish fightback against the SNP” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea They more than doubled their vote from the 2012 contest, winning an additional 164 seats and overtaking Labour into second place in their best result since local authority boundaries were redrawn in 1974. They made gains in every mainland ward, even managing to get councillors elected for the first time in the most deprived areas of Glasgow and a part of Paisley that is the poorest in Scotland. Mr Ross’s speech came after an opinion poll published yesterday found a clear majority of Scots want Ms Sturgeon to halt her discussions over when a second referendum happens. He acknowledged there is a “mountain to climb” to remove the SNP from power at the next Holyrood election in 2026. But he told delegates: “There are so many people who are looking for anyone who can step up and beat them, who can remove this SNP Government, who can kick Nicola Sturgeon out of Bute House.” In October it emerged Mr Ross and Ms Sturgeon have agreed a £50 wager on whether she stands down before then. Speaking to journalists the Tory leader yesterday said: “Nicola Sturgeon shows that she’s rattled. She doesn't seem to be enjoying the job.” He also warned the public: “Every single vote for every SNP candidate and Green candidate at this election will be taken by the Nationalists as a vote to separate in Scotland. “I simply want to move the debate on to say we have had that referendum and the people of Scotland made their view clear.”