The Baggs family are one of the newest additions to the Channel 4 show Gogglebox, with the four members joining at the end of 2020. Father Terry,  Lisa and sons Joe and George have come under criticism from viewers of the show after the most recent instalment of the long-running series. It wouldn't be the first time the family was After joining in season 16, the Baggs family were nowhere to be seen for season 17. Rumours circulated suggesting that they had been given the boot but at the time members of the family took to social media signalling that it was due to Covid related reasons. Airing on Friday nights, the Essex locals seemed to "annoy" fans during. Read More: Emmerdale’s Charles Anderson devastated as Manpreet is given frightening diagnosis? Several spectators took to social media to protest the removal of the group. Liam Mellor tweeted: "That Essex family are extremely annoying. #Gogglebox." (sic) @Stepharrnee added: "Why are the Baggs still on here? They're not entertaining at all #Gogglebox." JKay2021 agreed: "For crying out loud, #gogglebox - the last thing we want is you trying to PROMOTE the flipping annoying Baggs family to us! "We're begging you to get rid of them!!" "The Baggs have to be the worst family on #Gogglebox, sorry not sorry," Dave Mackay shared. With the online chatter about the potential removal of the Essex family, many show fans shared messages of support. @NeillSRich defended them,  "#Gogglebox I adore the Baggs Family, don't axe them just because of a few miserable w***ers on here. @C4Gogglebox." DON’T MISS…Coronation Street twist as Phill Whittaker's secret unveiled in Maria Connor plot? [SPOILERS]Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update from Ravenseat [LATEST]'Never cover it' Star Trek expert shares biggest Lucille Ball 'pet peeve' [LATEST] @KashouraSalim urged people to think twice: "#haverespect for the Baggs family. "For the people out there that are putting them down, how would you like people to behave toward your own family? #loveisgreaterthanhate." Despite only four members of the Baggs family appearing on the show, fans were surprised to learn that there was a third son that some deemed a "secret". Their oldest is called Danny  the show. Joe and George both have big social media followings, with middle son Joe also being recognised as the drag performer called Designa Baggs. The 24-year-old has an impressive 58,900 Instagram followers, with his and the family's TikTok account having over 831,000 followers. Gogglebox airs Friday at 9pm on Channel 4.