Ranvir Singh, 44, took a dig at former Good Morning Britain director Erron Gordon earlier today, as he shared a life update following his move to Piers Morgan’s Uncensored. In a Twitter post shared last night, Erron celebrated the fact he no longer had to wake up “in the middle of the night” for work. He described the decision as “life changing” as he admitted he was “not sure” how he managed to wake up so early every day for 13 years. Erron penned: “This is the first time in 13 years that I’ve not cared that it’s still daylight at 6:30pm, not waking up in the middle of the night anymore is life changing! “Not sure how I did it for so long.” Ranvir reacted to the tweet early this morning, writing: “Yeah miss you too,” alongside a rolling eyes emoji. Erron simply replied with a string of laughing emojis, as well as one blowing a kiss. The director and producer had previously worked on a number of ITV programmes and projects, including politics show Peston and the 2019 ITV primetime leadership debates. Late last year, he was confirmed as the Executive Creative Director and Head of Studio Output for News UK Broadcasting. Erron will also be series director of the new global primetime show fronted by Piers Morgan, Uncensored. Speaking of the director’s appointment, Piers branded Erron as “the most talented TV director” in the UK. He said: “I only want the very best working on my new show and after the five years we spent together on Good Morning Britain, I know Erron is the most talented TV director in the country. “So, I’m absolutely delighted he will be joining us on this exciting new challenge.” The exchange comes after Ranvir saw herself surrounded by reports last month claiming that she was set to quit GMB. DON'T MISS...Oscars viewers left reeling after Will Smith slaps Chris Rock [UPDATE]Liza Minneli stuns fans by defying the odds and turning 75 [LATEST]Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga [INSIGHT] The TV star has been a regular face on the morning programme for the past seven years, becoming the political editor in 2017. But reports last month claimed she had handed in her notice as political editor late last year in favour of a new role. The rumours intensified when she took to Instagram to announce that she was set to front a new quiz programme on ITV, as she put out a casting call for the public to sign up for the show. In view of her 119,000 followers, she called on “fun” and “energetic” people to take part in the programme. Ranvir said: "EXCITED. Casting Now! Brand new ITV quiz on the lookout for fun, energetic & outgoing teams of two. Thousands of pounds are up for grabs! "Apply now: Filming takes place in Manchester in May 2022/Must be 18 or over to apply." Since then, Louisa James has been announced as GMB's new political correspondent, in news shared by Anne Alexander, senior political producer on the show. She told fans on Twitter: “Delighted that @LouisaJamesITV is joining Good Morning Britain’s politics team as Political Correspondent, taking over from @ranvir01. “She’s experienced, hard working and obsessed with politics. Think she’ll do well with me and @kieronishere. Welcome to the (mad) house Louisa.”