Manchester United are still weighing up their managerial options as they plan for the future at Old Trafford. However, at the current moment in time, it’s Erik ten Hag who seems to be the frontrunner to land the job. And, should he take over the fallen Premier League giants, it’s possible he’ll bring Antony with him from Ajax. Reports have suggested Ten Hag will look to bring Antony with him to whoever he decides to join at the end of the campaign. And that’s looking increasingly likely to be United, even if they’re also keeping tabs on Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique. The Red Devils were impressed by Ten Hag in his interview for the role, which was believed to have been conducted with Darren Fletcher and John Murtough. And all signs are currently pointing to the 52-year-old getting the job, even if the club are adamant no news or developments are due at this stage. Antony may then join United at a time where there’s uncertainty over the futures of Marcus Rashford, Anthony Martial, Jesse Lingard, Edinson Cavani and Mason Greenwood. But the struggles of previous Brazilians at Old Trafford suggests he would be a gamble. In the summer of 2003, Sir Alex Ferguson wanted to revamp his midfield - having offloaded Juan Sebastian Veron to Chelsea. So he then proceeded to land Kleberson, who had sparkled as Brazil had won the 2002 World Cup alongside A-listers such as Ronaldinho, Rivaldo and Ronaldo. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Kleberson was expected to be a hit, a player capable of helping them continue to dominate English football despite Chelsea and Arsenal both being on their heels at the time. Yet he lasted just over two years before being offloaded, having struggled to adjust to life in the Premier League. He’d later explain his struggles, revealing he was asked to change his style and was simply unable to adapt to Ferguson’s demands. “When the team isn’t doing well, it’s hard to change your style, I couldn’t do it, when I came to Man United I tried to change the player I was, more passes, more aggression, more tackles, but it’s too hard and wasn’t what my game was about,” he said in 2019. “From 17 to 24 years old, I was playing that fluent Brazilian style, to move the ball quickly and receive it in space. "At Man United I had tough moments a lot of the time, I got a lot of injuries and struggled a lot. It was a difficult time, and when you see a lot of evaluation from your performance at top teams the criticism can be very high, particularly at Man United.” In 2007, four years after landing Kleberson, United again went down the Brazilian route. Anderson was signed from Porto after Ferguson’s brother, Martin, had tipped him to be an even better version of Wayne Rooney. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Things started off well, with the Samba star helping the club win the Premier League and Champions League titles. But Anderson went increasingly off the boil amid a love for the Mancunian nightlife, with Louis van Gaal eventually cutting him loose during his own spell in the dugout. McDonald’s, according to Rafael Da Silva, was another reason he toiled. Speaking to Goal last year, the right-back said: “We could be on the team coach and pass the services on the motorway and Anderson would jump up impulsively and yell 'McDonald's, McDonald's.' “The guy was crazy, but I love him. Give him a football and he would just play with freedom and sometimes, if he got a good run of games, he could play as well as any player in the league. “Not only that, but when he was playing well, we were playing brilliant football. “He picked up a lot of big injuries and then his problems with eating the way he did started to affect him. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It was no coincidence that his best form came when he had a lot of games because that was when he couldn't eat so much. I will say something about Anderson – if he had been a professional football player, he could have been the best in the world.” Rafael and Fabio Da Silva’s struggles also mean Antony would be a gamble. Both players did well under Ferguson, with the latter even starting the 2011 Champions League final defeat to Barcelona. Rafael was always the better of the two, playing a key role as the Red Devils won the title in 2013. Yet the brutal truth of the matter is that he was never able to recover after Ferguson’s exit, failing to win round David Moyes or Van Gaal. There’s certainly a sense that he wasn’t given enough chances by either manager but, still, his tale at United is a case of what could have been. Likewise Fabio, who was quickly discarded by Moyes amid the Scot’s desire to land Leighton Baines from Everton. And Andreas Pereira is another Brazilian cautionary tale. There came a time where he was expected to walk into this United midfield, even getting plenty of chances under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. But with Pereira blowing hot and cold in Brazil with Flamengo, there’s no chance he’ll be given another chance. Fred is perhaps the only exception for United. The Samba star is a vital asset under Ralf Rangnick at present and is finally coming good, nearly four years on from his arrival. Still, Fred has had his low moments. And United’s history with Brazilian players suggest Antony will have plenty to prove if, indeed, he follows Ten Hag to Old Trafford.