A video filmed during the ceremonial welcome given to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge upon their arrival to Kingston appeared to show Kate being snubbed by Lisa Hanna, a Jamaican People's National Party MP for Saint Ann South East. In the clip, Kate appears to be speaking to Ms Hanna - who turns her head away without replying to the royal. However, Ms Hanna has now taken to social media to rubbish claims she snubbed the royal at the welcoming ceremony. On Twitter, the former beauty queen said; “Much ado has been made of my supposed "snub" of Duchess Catherine because of a two-second manipulated video clip taken out of context. “I have nothing but respect for the Duchess and I treated her with that respect and cordiality, as evidenced by many other photos and videos.” Ms Hanna however added in a Twitter thread the “more significant issue at play” is Jamaica seeking reparations and to become a republic. She said: “All of us in the Caribbean Community (CARICOM) are united across our myriad of national, political, ethnic, and regional differences in the belief that the issue of reparations must be taken seriously.” In a Guardian article, she also wrote: “ I have nothing but respect for Catherine as a person, and I treated her with that respect and cordiality, as evidenced by many other photos and videos of our interaction. “I do not have any quarrel with the duchess herself, the people of the United Kingdom or the government. The more significant issue at play is the current global reality that our institutions have created over centuries. “ We all know the history of wars of conquest, slavery, subjugation and colonisation. We all know about the extraction of resources and the exploitation of lands and labour. “Sadly, too many of us do not know that it was the slavemasters – not the slaves or their descendants – who received reparations after slavery ended and the plantations collapsed. “We know many of these things; and we all know deep in our hearts that these things were, are and always will be wrong.” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Queen urged to strip Prince Harry of major role Ms Hanna, who met Prince Harry on his visit to Jamaica in 2012, also shared on Instagram she and Kate had a "pleasant" conversation. She wrote: "Today I welcomed Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge Kate to Jamaica on behalf of the Leader of the Opposition in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. "We had a very interactive and pleasant conversation throughout the proceedings as we talked about family, our cultures and our people. "There’s no doubt at this time that we all seek our true independence and want to develop systems & strategies where we become free from the monarchy. But until then we will always remain a courteous and respectful country. "I am a firm believer in reparations and as such when I was Minister of Youth and Culture I led the reparations committee which made strides in developing submissions to Britain which examined the economic cost of slavery to our country. "I welcome them wholeheartedly with our warm hospitality, and look forward to us having productive discussions about our future." Author Malorie Blackman said a series of photos of William and Kate posing with a statue of Bob Marley and shaking hands with children through a wire-mesh fence were embarrassing to the royals. She said on Twitter about Kate greeting people through a fence: “Do Prince William and Kate employ even one person of colour in their PR depts and run the optics of such images below by them first?” Carolyn Cooper, professor emerita at the University of West Indies, also told The Independent about a picture of the royals posing with a Bob Marley statue: “Bob Marley’s message was about emancipation, chanting down systems of oppression and contesting the very notions of royalty that William and Kate represent. “So… this move means that they simply don’t understand what his legacy is and therefore that celebration (of Bob Marley) is nothing but a charade." Ms Hanna, who met Prince Harry on his visit to Jamaica in 2012, also shared on Instagram she and Kate had a "pleasant" conversation. She wrote: "Today I welcomed Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge Kate to Jamaica on behalf of the Leader of the Opposition in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. "We had a very interactive and pleasant conversation throughout the proceedings as we talked about family, our cultures and our people. "There’s no doubt at this time that we all seek our true independence and want to develop systems & strategies where we become free from the monarchy. But until then we will always remain a courteous and respectful country. "I am a firm believer in reparations and as such when I was Minister of Youth and Culture I led the reparations committee which made strides in developing submissions to Britain which examined the economic cost of slavery to our country. "I welcome them wholeheartedly with our warm hospitality, and look forward to us having productive discussions about our future." Kate and William arrived in Jamaica on Tuesday, after visiting Belize for three days. The Duke and Duchess's arrival was marred by a protest held outside the British High Commission in Kingston. Participants were campaigning in favour of reparations for slavery. Retired professor Opal Adisa, who works with the Advocates Network - a coalition of Jamaican politicians, business leaders, doctors and musicians - accused the royals of benefitting from the "blood, tears and sweat" of Jamaicans' ancestors.