Ralph Ahn, best known as the silent companion to Jake Johnson’s Nick Miller in the popular Fox sitcom, was confirmed to have passed away at 95 on Saturday. After portraying Nick’s friend Tran in seven episodes of New Girl, Jake and other members of the cast took to Instagram with a heartfelt tribute to the character actor after hearing the sad news. Jake paid his respects to his fan favourite co-star after the Korean American Federation of Los Angeles (KAFLA) confirmed Ralph had died on February 26. A cause of death has yet to be disclosed, though Korean news outlet YNA reported he had recently been taken to hospital due to an unknown illness. Following his passing, Jake and his co-stars took to Instagram to recall their favourite memories from Ralph’s time on New Girl. The sitcom star wrote: “RIP. So much fun to work with.” READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump “He gave so much with literally no lines. I loved when he was on set. “I was always expecting to somehow work with him again. Condolences to his family/friends.” Ralph appeared in seven episodes of the show in total after debuting in the season two episode, Menzies. His kind-hearted yet silent character Tran met Nick on a park bench and often helped him during his darkest moments. In his first appearance, Nick bore his soul out to Tran, and their subsequent visit to a spa has become one of New Girl fans’ most beloved sequences. Nick’s co-star Lamorne Morris, better known as Winston, also posted his own tribute when the news of Ralph’s passing was released. “Damn. RIP to Ralph Ahn. He played Tran on New Girl,” he said. “Always the funniest scenes in the episode. This man lived a lot of life, keep his friends and family in y’all thoughts and prayers.” DON'T MISS:BBC Sport viewers outraged as FA Cup match derailed by tech issues [REACTION]Y 1883: Sam Elliott’s furious rant at Oscar nominee [COMMENT]Mood creator ‘didn’t identify’ with Sasha [INSIGHT]  And actress Olivia Munn, who portrayed Angie, said: “Thank you Ralph Ahn for being the best. “You brought so much joy to our lives and helped pave the way for all of the AAPI actors that would follow you. We love you. RIP.” In the Korean community, Ralph was well-known and respected as the son of independence activist Dosan Ahn Chang-ho. A translated post from KAFLA reads: “First of all, I am deeply shocked and saddened by the sudden passing of the late teacher Ralph Ahn.” “Ralph Ahn is the only surviving direct descendant of the nation’s teacher, Dosan Ahn Chang-ho, and he dedicated his life to passing on the spirit and belief of Dosan to his descendants. “He was also the greatest spiritual leader of our time, who lived through the times and history that passed down the aspirations of many independence activists over the past generation to our present generation.” Outside of his role in New Girl, Ralph also featured in popular shows The Golden Girls and Gilmore Girls. New Girl seasons 1-7 are available to stream on Disney+.