Actor John Stahl, who played Rickard Karstark in seasons two and three of Game of Thrones, has died aged 68. He also played Tom 'Inverdarroch' Kerr in TV series High Road. The veteran actor played Inspector Reed in the 1995 series Resort to Murder, Ewan in the 2011 Royal National Theatre production of Frankenstein, and Fisherman in Mary Queen of Scots in 2018, which featured Margot Robbie and Saoirse Ronan. The Scotsman, who lived on the Isle of Lewis, also appeared in Holby City, Being Human, and Midsomer Murders. His agent, Amanda Fitzalan Howard, described him as “an actor of remarkable skill and a stalwart of Scottish theatre”. “He died on the Isle of Lewis on March 2nd 2022 and is survived by his wife, Jane Paton,” she confirmed.  Derek Lord, who starred in High Road alongside John, took to Twitter to share his condolences. “Sorry to hear my old High Road colleague John Stahl has passed,” he wrote. “I remember him being upset when some idiot in production decided to drop his character’s name Inverdarroch and use Tom Kerr instead. “He’ll always be Inverdarroch to me, the only man to best Sneddon in a fair fight.”   Scottish screenwriter Peter May also paid tribute, explaining John had recently got married. “Terribly sad to hear that my old friend, John Stahl, has passed,” he penned. I wrote so many scenes for the character of Inverdarroch that he portrayed in Take The High Road. “Only recently attended his online wedding. Saw him last in Adelaide Australia for a fun reunion. RIP John.” DON'T MISS... Singer FKA Twigs bares all in totally see-through dress at NME Awards [PICTURES]Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [INSIGHT]Gethin Jones posts update from hospital after ankle surgery [VIDEO]  Actress Rachel Oglivy tweeted: “I’m so sorry to hear John Stahl has passed away. “I worked with him on High Road many years ago, he was kind, generous funny and a terrific actor. “He will be greatly missed, my thoughts are with his family.” AHA Actors also penned: “We’re deeply saddened to report the death of our beloved friend and client, John Stahl. “He was an actor of the most remarkable skill, with a decades-long career gracing our screens and stages. “We will miss him terribly.” And Bridgerton star Bailey Patrick added: “What a truly beautiful soul, took me under his wing at The Globe in Othello. “Eternally grateful to have shared the stage with such a giant.” 