Fortunately, improving your diet can deal a decisive blow to belly fat, as can incorporating a certain drink in your diet. The NHS states: “If you're overweight, changes to your diet and physical activity levels are the first step to helping you lose weight. Your GP or practice nurse can help you assess your current diet and levels of physical activity, and set personal goals for change.”  The British Heart Foundation (BHF) says that coronary heart disease is the UK’s single “biggest killer”, noting that being overweight or obese can "increase your risk of coronary heart disease". It adds: “Research shows that reaching and keeping to a healthy weight can cut your risk because it helps prevent and manage conditions like high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and type 2 diabetes that put you at greater risk of coronary heart disease.” The NHS states: “The best way to lose weight if you're obese is through a combination of diet and exercise, and, in some cases, medicines. See a GP for help and advice.” It adds: “Measuring your waist is a good way to check you're not carrying too much fat around your stomach, which can raise your risk of heart disease, type 2 diabetes and stroke.” READ MORE: Fatty liver disease: The changes to your personality signalling 'the liver is struggling'  Johns Hopkins University and Johns Hopkins Health System factsheet notes: “Our genes certainly play a part in our body shape. But we can still do a lot to stop a bulging waist and the health risks that come with it. “Diet and exercise are two things we can control. And, these determine how much fat builds up in our bodies.” The organisation says there are many common sources of the “bad” saturated fats. They may include foods from animals, such as dairy and meats, some plants such as coconut and palm oils, and packaged snacks and desserts.  It says: “To lower your intake of these fats, stick with low-fat milk and yoghourt; lean cuts of meat and poultry, without the skin; heart-healthy margarines; and “good” fats like olive, canola and safflower oils.” It also advises: “You can find out how much fat is in most packaged and fast foods. Be sure to check the nutrition facts panel. It lists how much total fat and saturated fat are in the food.” The NHS says: “You can have a healthy BMI and still have excess tummy fat, meaning you're still at risk of developing these conditions.” Nuffield Health notes that body mass index (BMI), while still useful, has come under increasing scrutiny for not being a full representation of body composition or health.  Indeed, the NHS notes: “Your BMI can tell you if you're carrying too much weight, but it cannot tell if you're carrying too much fat.” High fibre foods are deemed beneficial for weight loss because they promote prolonged satiety, which helps control appetite. What’s more, because the fibre found in chickpeas is soluble, it is particularly beneficial for maintaining a healthy gut microbiome, which can help with weight maintenance. What’s more, soluble fibre is highly beneficial for reducing bad cholesterol by binding to LDL molecules inside the digestive tract and dragging them out of the body.  Inflammatory and processed foods also impact leptin levels with studies suggesting to limiting or better yet avoiding in order to regulate your hunger and satiety hormones include: