Queen Elizabeth II, 95, joined other members of the Royal Family today for a memorial service to Philip’s life. The Duke of Edinburgh died aged 99 last year at Windsor Castle just two months before his 100th birthday. Today, Her Majesty was escorted into Westminster Abbey by her son Prince Andrew for the service. The event is the monarch’s first major public appearance in months and her attendance had been in doubt due to her recent mobility issues. The Queen’s other children, Prince Charles, Princess Anne and Prince Edward also attended the memorial, along with their partners. Political leaders, including Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer were among the congregation for the service. Foreign royals were also represented, including from Greece, where Philip was born in 1921. Today, the Queen was surrounded by her family, unlike Philip’s funeral last year, where she was pictured sitting alone at St George's Chapel in Windsor due to COVID-19 social distancing measures. Despite her isolation at the Duke’s send-off, the Queen left a “poignant” final message to her long-serving royal consort, according to journalist Daisy McAndrew. JUST IN: Kevin Costner once gave frank take on Meghan Markle’s situation: ‘Had enough attention’ The expert was discussing Philip’s funeral on Episode Two of Channel 5’s ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’ series in January of this year. She said: “Of course, all eyes were straining on that day to see the beautiful bouquet of flowers, the wreath that the Queen had put on her husband’s coffin. “And there was a note. It certainly looked like it was handwritten. “We think it said, ‘From Lilibet’, which of course was the nickname that Prince Philip always referred to his wife as. “But it was certainly a very private and poignant moment.” The bouquet on the Duke’s coffin featured white blooms including lilies, roses, freesia and sweet peas. The wreath was selected by the Queen and had a small handwritten note in black ink attached. The message began, “In loving memory”, however the remainder of the writing was covered by the flowers. Reports at the time suggested that Her Majesty signed off her final message to Philip as ‘Lilibet’. The Duke’s coffin was also adorned with other symbols, including his personal standard, his Admiral of the Fleet Naval cap and his sword. DON'T MISS: Queen gave Camilla Queen Consort title to stop Prince Harry from 'harming' her in book [LATEST]Queen would be ‘hurt’ if more countries left Commonwealth – ‘it's close to her heart’ [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton faced 'difficult situation' on royal duties: 'Must be really conscious' [ANALYSIS] The standard pays homage to his Danish and Greek heritage, as well as Edinburgh Castle and the stripes of the Mountbatten family. Philip’s coffin was taken to the Chapel on the back of a modified Land Rover, which he helped design. His funeral also featured other symbols representing aspects of his life, including a series of naval whistles. Royal journalist Victoria Murphy told the Channel 5 programme that the whistles “really hit home” the dedication Philip showed throughout his life. The contributing editor for Town and Country magazine said: “It did really hit home. It really underlined this active service that he had seen. “He sacrificed his very promising naval career in order to support the Queen when she became Queen.” ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’ is available to stream on My5.