Both Prince William and Prince Harry share a signature move when it comes to appearing in public; buttoning up their jacket, or touching the buttons on their jacket. In recent years however, since marrying Meghan Markle, Prince Harry regularly fiddles with his wedding ring when in public, on a stage making a speech, or during interviews. Express.co.uk spoke to body language expert Judi James about the Duke of Sussex’s go-to move and what it means. When Harry and Meghan sat down with Oprah Winfrey, those watching at home saw on several occasions Harry fiddling with his wedding ring. When talking to the interviewer, the former senior royal twizzled the band on his left hand. This is not the first time Harry has reached for his wedding ring when all eyes are on him. In 2018, Harry and Meghan visited the Nelson Mandela Centenary Exhibition. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex stuns in stylish maxi skirt for touching engagement Despite having his wife alongside him, Harry couldn’t help but reach for his wedding band several times. A couple of months later, Harry visited the Royal Marines Commando Training Centre for the first time as Captain General Royal Marines, a role which he took over from his grandfather, Prince Philip in 2017. He attended the event alone and was pictured walking and fiddling with his ring. Then in January 2020, just after he and Meghan announced they would be stepping back from the Royal Family, Harry hosted the Rugby League World Cup 2021 draw. DON'T MISS...Have Your Say: Should Queen allow Meghan & Harry to return part-time? [POLL]Queen drives to meet Kate and Beatrice at Frogmore House - inside home [PICTURES]Kate Middleton’s emotional ‘isolation’ admission [COMMENT] Again, he was photographed with his ring hand over his left, touching his wedding ring. Body language expert explained why Harry does this and said: “Fiddling with jewellery is a very common self-comfort ritual associated with moments of anxiety or stress. “In Harry’s case, these poses show he is also using the gesture as an excuse to perform a body barrier, bringing body hands and arms up to form a protective ‘wall’ when he is apparently under the risk of ‘threat’ or ‘attack’ i.e. when he greets the press or speaks about his royal family to Oprah. “Royal males tend to avoid barrier behaviours like folded arms. “Unlike the Queen and Kate they have no bag to carry to keep their hands occupied, which is why we will often see Harry ring-fiddle while his father pats his pockets or plays with his cuff in a similar ritual. “The touch of the ring itself will have become associated with feelings of calm. “When we develop a habit like this the longer we do it the more we get feelings of instant calm, and in this respect, it can be like using worry beads or stress balls.” She added: “It is also common for men to play with their wedding band as Harry is doing in these poses and this gesture has more emotional significance than a more general ‘calming touch’. “When Harry reaches for his wedding band he is seeking the comfort and support from his wife and children. “It’s a gesture that is both reassuring and romantic as it shows who is his go-to person when he feels the need for back-up.” Judi continued: “There can even be a ‘lucky charm’ effect associated with this gesture and we can often see footballers touch or even lift and kiss their wedding rings as they run onto pitch before a big game. “This ring-touch can begin to get negative connotations if the ring, instead of being touched, fiddled with or turned, starts to get pulled up the finger. “This can suggest a desire to leave the marriage but this is not how Harry is touching his ring and his gesture is all about love and who he turns to for comfort.”