Piers Morgan stormed off the set of Good Morning Britain in March 2021 after he clashed with his ITV co-star Alex Beresford. Piers and Alex had a disagreement over Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey. However, shortly after the incident on GMB, Piers made the announcement he was leaving the show. In a new trailer from his new show, Piers Uncensored, the new Talk TV presenter issued a snide remark towards his Good Morning Britain exit. “A year ago today, I was forced to leave a job that I loved at the peak of its success for having the audacity to express an honestly held opinion,” Piers began. “Well, this shouldn’t happen in any democracy supposedly built on the principles of free speech and freedom of expression. “So, I am delighted to now be returning to live television with a new primetime show whose main purpose will be to cancel the cancel culture which has affected societies around the world.” READ MORE: Coronation Street arrival for Daisy Midgeley's family with new set? He continued: “I want it to be a platform for lively, vigorous debate, newsmaking interviews and that increasingly taboo three-letter word, fun. “I also want it to annoy all the right people. I’m Piers Morgan Uncensored.” Piers shared the short clip to his Twitter page along with the caption: “ANNOUNCEMENT Trigger warning: I’m back…and I’m uncensored.” (sic) The presenter’s followers were quick to reply to the news, with many questioning whether it was his decision to leave GMB. Darrell quizzed: “Piers, you weren’t forced to leave. You chose to walk off in the middle of a heated debate.” (sic) Kevin pointed out: “You weren’t forced. You walked off a live TV set by your own volition.” While DJ ZeeJay added: “Forced? More like you left of your own choice.” However, some viewers were thrilled that Piers was back with a new show. User @snappy tweeted: “I’m pleased you’re doing this Piers. Certain views and attitudes recently are potentially very odd and need challenging and stopping in their tracks. I hope you get big viewing numbers. We need this right now.” DON'T MISS...Below Deck boss teases 'dangerous' spin-off in Norway [INSIGHT]Vera's Mark Edwards star on filming struggles for new episodes [NEWS]Death in Paradise’s Neville Parker sparks unlikely romance? [SPOILERS]    Debs added: “Good for you! Welcome back to where you fit best!” “What channel is this on Piers? We have missed you in this household,” June praised. Piers left his role on Good Morning Britain on March 9, after his comments about the Duchess of Sussex sparked more than 40,000 Ofcom complaints. At the time, ITV released a statement confirming Piers would no longer be presenting with Susanna Reid.    The statement read: "Following discussions with ITV, Piers Morgan has decided now is the time to leave Good Morning Britain. "ITV has accepted this decision and has nothing further to add." Piers later confirmed he had also decided to leave his role on ITV’s Life Stories. He was later replaced by his former GMB co-star Kate Garraway, who continued to front the rest of the series. 