Sajid Javid says it can "significantly" help to tackle the backlog in planned care as well as benefit patients. The Health Secretary said: "The NHS constitution says already that you as a patient have the right to ask for an alternative provider for your treatment." Focused "In practice no one really gets that right. It's not really focused on and even if an individual wanted to exercise that right at the moment it's just left up to them to do all the homework and they're not really supported in that decision." Mr Javid said the current process is not acceptable and wants to "enshrine that right" so patients are "given options, they have a choice". He is expected to set out further details in a speech tomorrow. But it has been reported that patients referred for hospital care will in future have the chance to look online at the waiting time for their local hospital and compare that with times at any hospital in the country, including private ones. Mr Javid added: "It could be that they stick with their local NHS provider, it could be maybe another provider. And if it is another NHS provider, let's say they have to travel for that, they should be supported in their travel costs, maybe accommodation costs, including maybe for someone to go with them to support them. "Or it could be an independent provider in the independent sector." The point is that people should have that choice and it should be made easy for them to exercise that right." On how it will help ease the backlog, he said that with more providers involved in trying to address lengthy waiting lists "you will get through the backlog quicker". Data published by NHS England last month showed a record 6.1 million people are waiting to start treatment at the end of December - the highest number since records began in August 2007. Mr Javid's plan is also expected to include a reference to a possible move towards academy-style hospitals to improve performance across the NHS. The Government says it is on track to meet its manifesto commitment to deliver 50,000 more nurses in the NHS by 2024, with over 27,000 more now working across the NHS. A report published today shows overall nurse numbers now stand at 327,907, as of December 2021, compared to 300,904 in September 2019. By March 2024, there are set to be around 351,000 full-time equivalent nurses. The new report also sets out the plans for reaching this target. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: "Nurses are the absolute backbone of our NHS, without whom we would have been lost throughout the pandemic. This government will continue to do everything we can to recruit and retain even more nurses."