Presbyopia is the gradual loss of the eyes' ability to focus on nearby objects, caused by an increased lack of flexibility in the eye lens as people age. In the United Kingdom, around 5.5 million cases of presbyopia are reported each year. Sara Behar, optometrist and clinical development coach for the south region with Bayfields Opticians and Audiologists spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk to discuss the condition further. When asked what exactly the condition is, Sara answered: “Presbyopia is the gradual loss of the eyes' ability to focus on nearby objects, caused by an increased lack of flexibility in the eye lens as people age. “As we get older, the eye lens becomes harder and less elastic and when this happens, it can no longer change shape to focus on close-up images. As a result, images, text or screens appear out of focus. “The condition is a natural, often frustrating part of aging that eventually affects everyone. It typically presents in individuals aged 40 years and above and continues to worsen until a person reaches their mid-60s.” She continued that despite nearly two thirds of people in that age bracket admitting to symptoms associated with the condition, around half of those in that age bracket have not heart of the condition itself.  When spotting early symptoms, Sara advised: “Often, the first sign of presbyopia is when you start to hold books, newspapers or your smartphone further away – at arm's length – to read them more clearly. “Some of the other common visual symptoms are having difficulty reading small print or focusing on objects that are near, requiring brighter light when reading, or having eye strain or headache when reading or doing work close up.” “Thankfully, presbyopia is a common and easily correctable condition,” she added “The treatment for presbyopia should always be to use lenses – whether in glasses or as contacts – to compensate for the inability of the eyes to focus on nearby objects. “But first, it’s important to have a comprehensive eye examination to confirm presbyopia. “You should then be advised on the best solution for your eyes, based on your lifestyle, to manage presbyopia. “If you’re diagnosed with presbyopia, it’s essential that you continue to receive regular eye examinations and contact lens reviews. “This is to help monitor the condition and ensure your prescription is tailored to you, your eyes and the environments you live and work within.” Other treatment options include: