Speaking to Mark Dolan, Former Sun Journalist Nina Myskow slammed Mr Johnson for his reluctance to admit Ukrainian refugees. Ms Myskow described the decision as an “absolute disgrace” and said that Britain was the “shame of the world”.  She said: “Zero chance of that, I’m convinced he won’t. “People will have seen through him and what he has failed to recognise is that everybody has been thinking like a human being. “The British public are wonderful; they’ve always given so much money even when they can’t afford it. “And yet, this Government, this Prime Minister and Priti Patel will not open our borders to these people, it’s an absolute disgrace.  “It’s a shame, we are the shame of the world, and he leads the Government the blame must fall on him.” Former UKIP Deputy Chair Suzanne Evans was also asked by Mark Dolan if she thought Mr Johnson would lead the Tories into the next general election. Ms Evans said that the chances were “quite high” as he was polling well compared to Keir Starmer and that the Ukraine crisis was likely to boost his popularity. She said: “It’s interesting that Nina was quoting polls saying that people don’t trust Boris. DON'T MISS:Brexit: ‘Exclude the EU!’ Furious Britons erupt   “If you look today at the latest YouGov poll, he is a more popular choice for PM than Keir Starmer. “39 percent of people would choose Boris Johnson, while only 35 per cent would choose Keir Starmer. “So actually, if there was a general election tomorrow I don’t have any doubt that Boris Johnson would be returned to Downing Street. “Leaders come, leaders go, they have peaks, they have throughs and arguably Boris Johnson is the most teflon of the lot. He’s had more lives than a cat. DON'T MISS:  Brexit LIVE: Bell rings on Sefcovic crunch talks - Truss final warning [REVEAL] Russia 'let down' by 'appalling leaders' as Putin fails in Ukraine [INSIGHT] Wallace lays down the law to Putin after warmonger ramps up WW3 threat [SPOTLIGHT]  “He seems to bounce back at every opportunity. “There is nothing better than a war to give a leader a chance to respond and boost his popularity.” Journalist and social commentator Angela Epstein said that she hoped the Ukraine crisis would “help focus” the Prime Minister’s mind. She said: “If Boris Johnson has the opportunity to have a ringside seat and influential role in what is going on in Ukraine I sincerely hope that is enough to focus the mind.” 