Whether you received flowers as a gift or simply treat yourself to some stunning blooms, fresh-cut flowers can seem to suddenly wilt in a matter of days. Though misting cut flowers with water can keep them looking fresh, there are two ingredients tucked in your kitchen cupboard which could work wonders. Vinegar is renowned for its multi-purpose uses around the home, from cooking to cleaning. As it goes, vinegar can also work wonders for your cut flowers, especially when combined with a little bit of granulated sugar. Vinegar, when added to your flower's water, can lower the pH which, in turn, increases how much acidity your flowers are getting. According to Gardening Know How, this helps to create an environment that is not as hospitable for the growth of bacteria, which is often the culprit in the speed of decline in the freshness of the flowers. READ MORE: Orchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms Tap water is usually about neutral at 7.0, and for cut flowers, you want to bring pH down to 3.5 or 4.0. White vinegar typically works best in this case. However, vinegar alone is not the only way to keep your blooms looking their best. Gardening Know How states: "While there is some evidence that vinegar and cut flower arrangements are compatible, it should also be noted that vinegar for cut flowers is not a stand-alone solution to vase life extension. DON'T MISS How to upcycle your garden furniture: The six easy transformations [INSIGHT]‘Simple ways’ to help your lawn ‘look its best’ - ‘important’ [COMMENT]Monty Don shares top tips on pruning roses now - ‘prune hard’ [EXPLAINER] "Combining other techniques can help to produce the best results." Adding granulated sugar also adds an extra boost to your flowers. Dissolved sugar serves the important purpose of continuing to feed the stems nutrients as they draw water from the vase. However, the key to making this solution work is to ensure you measure out the correct amounts of each ingredient. Though there can be variations to the ratios used, most agree on adding two tablespoons of vinegar and one tablespoon of sugar to your vase of water. Ensure you are also using fresh water every time you create this mixture. Water is the key ingredient for healthy blooms. Experts from ProFlowers also recommend snipping a little bit off the bottom of your plant's stem, before submerging them back into the liquid solution.