Paris Saint-Germain have prioritised a move for Manchester United playmaker Paul Pogba ahead of the upcoming summer transfer window, according to reports. Pogba is widely expected to leave the Red Devils upon the expiry of his contract at the end of the season after failing to agree extended terms despite holding lengthy talks with the club's hierarchy. United are running out of time in their efforts to avoid losing Pogba, who joined from Juventus for a club-record fee back in 2016, on a free transfer ahead of next season. The 29-year-old has featured heavily when fit in recent months but looks set to depart in the summer and has been linked with a number of potential suitors as the campaign begins to draw to a close.The likes of Real Madrid and Juventus have been credited with an interest in taking Pogba as a free agent when the transfer market re-opens at the end of the season. The midfielder has been able to strike an agreement with a foreign club since January but does not appear to have made a concrete decision on where his future lies as of yet.PSG have also been mentioned in connection with a move for Pogba in recent weeks, with the French giants having cultivated a transfer policy of snapping up out-of-contract players over the last few years. They were said to be keen on taking the United man during pre-season and reportedly made their interest known during the latter stages of last summer's window, but the proposed move never materialised and Pogba stayed in Manchester. JUST IN: Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta considers £50m Wolves transfer target However, it seems as though PSG could finally decide to put the wheels in motion with regards to a move for Pogba ahead of next season. Those in command at the Parc des Princes have identified the Frenchman as a priority target but have also earmarked a high-profile back-up option in the event he joins another club, according to transfer expert Fabrice Hawkins.It is claimed that PSG will aim to seal a move for Aurelien Tchouameni of Monaco if they are unable to land Pogba at the end of the campaign. That said, any midfield signings will likely need to be preceded by at least one departure, with club chiefs eager to use the summer window to their advantage as they look to downsize in the position. It remains to be seen whether PSG will be successful in their efforts to sign Pogba, who recently questioned his role at United in a wide-ranging interview with French outlet Le Figaro. "It’s hard to be consistent when you often change position, game system or partners," said the Red Devils playmaker when quizzed on whether he was truly satisfied at Old Trafford."On the coach, we get along very well, he gave me a role that I know, but, at Manchester United, do I really have a role? I ask the question and I don’t have the answer." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here