Dr Artis Pabriks addressed the committee and discussed the involvement of Belarus in the Ukraine conflict following reports several columns have entered Ukraine's northern region. Dr Pabriks bluntly denounced Putin and compared him to Assad before pointing out many Russian artillery and weapons have been deployed across Ukraine and showed Putin's true intent. He added Ukrainian morale was strong and the resistance would fight until its last breath as the Latvian leader condemned the military movements of his neighbours. Speaking during his appearance on the Foreign Affairs Committee, Dr Pabriks was asked what the UK could do to help the situation in Ukraine. He replied: “Thank you very much…. Well, first of all, you know, the latest news is the Belarusian troops that have crossed the border with Ukraine. “Which basically means we have two aggressors at this moment officially… “Belarus is a bordering country of Latvia, Lithuania, and Poland. READ MORE: 'Money is worthless, everyone is panicking' Nightmare grips Russia as Putin war backfires “So, a country which is bordering us is now connecting all sorts of acts of aggression against Ukrainians, that's number one. “Number two, if I have to describe, in very short, my assessment of the situation in Ukraine… “I am very much concerned that at this moment Russian troops following the orders from the top will basically go into some mode which would be similar to what President Assad was using against his population. “Because we already see for several days they are going on with increased bombings of the civilian population, civilian headquarters, of civilian houses, apartments. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG  “So this is what will happen and also weaponry is already arriving around Kyiv... is meant exactly for such occasions and will be used if you know Russians.” Dr Pabriks also explained reports are suggesting Russia is moving its front line closer into Ukraine and that pressure will mount on Ukrainian resistance. He added morale among Ukrainians is high and many would defend the country until their death. According to the Ukrainian Parliament, Belarusian troops have moved into the country through the Chernihiv region in northern Ukraine. DON'T MISSWhat to do in a nuclear attack - four key steps to take to stay safe [ANALYSIS]Chilling meaning of new symbols appearing all over Ukraine [INSIGHT]Alexander Povetkin appears to defend Russian invasion of Ukraine [SPOTLIGHT]  Belarus had played host to many Russian troops who are now moving onto Kyiv via northern routes. President Alexander Lukashenko had denied he was entering into a war with Ukraine earlier this week. Belarus says the move was to protect the country from any military action from Ukraine. They also played host to talks between Russia and Ukraine on Monday with Mr Lukashenko stating hopes were raised for hostilities to end. 