Labour MP Louise Haigh has called on the Government to take tough actions against the ferry operator P&O after workers were sacked on mass last week. Speaking in the House of Commons on Monday, Ms Haigh argued "For far too long ministers have sat on their hands and chosen to side with bad bosses by failing to strengthen workers' rights."  Ms Haigh told Parliament: "This is the exact opposite of the promises made to the British people to safeguard their living standards, employment prospects, and job security. In what world is this taking back control? "For far too long ministers have sat on their hands and chosen to side with bad bosses by failing to strengthen workers' rights. "This must be a line in the sand if ministers mean what they say they will bring forward an emergency employment bill tomorrow. There was outlawed fire and rehire without delay and strengthen workers' employment rights, and they were demand that these loyal piano workers are reinstated. No more excuses. "Tonight, the Conservatives must bat Labour's motion, as send a clear message that no workforce can ever be attacked again in this way."  Labour's Shadow transport secretary also called on the Government to suspend all its contracts with P&O Ferries and its parent company DP World to force the company to "reverse course". She said: "This is a company that has contracts with the British Government worth billions of pounds but is apparently confident that it can act with impunity when it comes to respecting our employment rights. "The Government must suspend all licences and contracts with DP World to maximise pressure and force them reverse course. "Will the Secretary of State, as has been mentioned, confirm they are reviewing all contracts both with P&O Ferries and DP World?  "Because yesterday the Chancellor conspicuously chose to distinguish P&O Ferries and DP World as two different things when asked by the BBC." She added: "What have cabinet ministers actually managed to do? They have written a strongly-worded letter to the wrong person, and signposted workers to the job centre. "The central calculation of DP World (P&O's parent company), that this Government would not lift a finger to stop them, has so far been proven right." Ms Haigh later added: "The Government must start by immediately commencing criminal action against P&O Ferries for their flagrant breach of employment law. It should mean unlimited fines not only for the company but for directors and managers or any of those who are complicit. DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson left humiliated after being forced to admit mistake [UPDATE]Have your say: Was Boris right to compare Ukraine crisis to Brexit? [GET INVOLVED]EU diplomat: Brexit Britain 'made the difference' in Ukraine's war [INSIGHT] "It is in the gift of the Business Secretary under the 1992 Trade Union Act to begin that action and he must do it now. If he won't he must explain to the public why he will not act to protect British workers." Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said: "The way that these 800 loyal and experienced workers were treated by P&O Ferries last week was shameful and utterly unacceptable." He added: "Of course we understand the financial pressures that many businesses face right now and regretfully and sometimes redundancies are inescapable, but there is no excuse, no excuse for what we saw occur last Thursday. "No consultation with the workforce, no consultation with the unions and to answer [Ms Haigh's] question, the first I heard about it was at 8.30 pm in the evening, not through the memo which I did not see, but instead through communication with my private office to indicate that P&O would be making redundancies the next day."