Within Kensington Palace Gardens, there are four different sections. There is the Sunken Garden, the Cradle Walk, the Wildflowers at Kensington Palace and the Formal Gardens. Various members of the Royal Family have been photographed in the gardens, including Prince Harry and Meghan Markle for the engagement photos back in 2017.  The Sunken Garden was first designed and constructed in 1908 when this part of the gardens was previously occupied by potting sheds and greenhouses. This new layout was modelled on the Pond Garden at Hampton Court Palace and celebrated a formal Edwardian style of gardening incorporating natural materials, herbaceous planting on terraces and water features. In 2017 the garden was completely re-planted in white flowers for visitors to reflect and celebrate the life of Princess Diana.  It took inspiration from Princess Diana’s dresses along with the famous Mario Testino photographs of the Princess. The garden continues to follow this peaceful and pastel-coloured style to this day which visitors admire and enjoy. READ MORE: Cleaning: 'Holy grail' product to clean a shower screen  An arched arbour of red-twigged lime (Tilia Platyphyllus) surrounds the Sunken Garden. In the summer, this tunnel provides the perfect place to view the bright colours in the Sunken Garden. Some people will know it by the colloquial name 'Nanny Walk' as this beautiful spot was a favoured meeting point for the many nannies in Kensington.  The wildflower meadow includes poppies, campion, daisies and many other native wildflowers, which bloom in the summer months. The flowers are immensely beneficial to pollinators and other insects who sometimes struggle to find food and shelter in the big city. Kensington Gardens began life as part of Hyde Park and hosted Henry VIII's huge deer chase. When William III and Mary II established the palace in 1689, they began to create a separate park.  Mary commissioned a palace garden of formal flower beds and box hedges. This style was Dutch and designed to make William, who came from Holland, feel at home. The diarist, John Evelyn, described the gardens as “very delicious”. When Queen Anne came to the throne in 1702, she created an English-style garden. From 1728, Queen Caroline began to transform the 242 acres of Kensington Gardens into the park royal fans know today.  She created the Serpentine boating lake and the Long Water, as well as the Broad Walk and round pond. These are now in Kensington Gardens and looked after by The Royal Parks. For most of the 18th century, the gardens were closed to the public except on Saturdays and only to the “respectably dressed”. The intriguing garden was admired by Samuel Pepys, amongst others, as “a mighty fine cool place... with a great layer of water in the middle”. 