Former Emmerdale actress Charley Webb, 34, joked that her husband Matthew Wolfenden, 41, was an “absolute fool” during a “boring” trip to the supermarket. The couple made their way down an aisle with their trolley when Charley complained Matthew was taking too long. Charley shared a video to her Instagram story in which Matthew was examining the products on the shelves intently. After grabbing a packet for a closer look, the David Metcalfe star lost his grip and scrambled to keep it in his hands. Managing to stop it falling on the floor, Charley could be heard sniggering behind the camera and burst into laughter. She wrote in view of her 559,000 followers: “Why does he spend so long looking at really boring ingredients? READ MORE:Piers Morgan left ‘utterly devastated’ over the death of Shane Warne “Forced me in here and then... “He’s an absolute fool!” Charley and Matthew met while they were both starring in Emmerdale in 2007. They welcomed their first child, Buster, in 2010, and their second son, Bowie, in 2015. The soap stars married in 2018 before Charley gave birth to their third son, Ace, in 2019. Last month, the Debbie Dingle actress paid tribute to her husband on their fourth wedding anniversary. She shared a sweet snap of the couple enjoying a night in to mark the occasion. She told fans: “Happy four years married. This is what our anniversary looks like. DON'T MISSShane Warne Liz Hurley romance: Inside late cricketer's relationship[INSIGHT]Shane Warne 'missed the love' with Liz Hurley on 'happiest' days[LATEST]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak[NEWS] “15 years together, three children later. I’m in my pyjamas ready to read my book in bed and @matthewwolfenden55 is watching a cooking programme. “Happy Anniversary pal, you wouldn’t have it any other way.” Matthew also marked the occasion with a throwback picture of the couple when they first started dating. In an adorable message, he wrote: “This photo was taken 15 years ago. We had just ‘got together’. “Now we’ve been married four years and have three amazing, beautiful (always annoying) boys running around the house and driving us mad! “I knew as we had this photo taken that we’d be together forever. “I’d found my soulmate. “Love you pal. Happy anniversary X.”