Drivers are being advised to take care of their tyres to help save on petrol and diesel costs, with tyres being responsible for approximately 20 percent of a vehicle’s fuel consumption. Generally, drivers should perform a tyre pressure check at least once a month as this will ensure the tyres are sufficiently inflated at all times. Having under-inflated tyres can not only put the driver and their passengers at risk but will also cost them more money in the long run by affecting their fuel efficiency. To check the tyre pressure, drivers are always advised to adhere to the car’s recommended pressure levels, which is often found in the owner’s manual or in the fuel cap. Drivers are also advised to remove any unnecessary weight from their vehicle, ensuring that fuel is not wasted. This could be smaller items that are kept in the car like child seats or larger external items like a roof box or bike racks. READ MORE: Drivers will face a 'sharper sting' when paying car tax this year A Zuto spokesperson also called on road users to drive more smoothly, saying: “When driving, try to avoid accelerating fast and slamming on the brakes as these can both significantly affect your fuel consumption. Instead, aim to both accelerate and brake slowly. “For manual drivers, when changing gear, try to change gear as gently and early as possible to avoid revving your engine. “This will help not to over work your engine causing it to use more fuel.” Speaking at the Spring Statement yesterday, Chancellor Rishi Sunak unveiled his “mini-Budget” which included a reduction in fuel duty of five pence per litre. DON'T MISSBritons urged to ban cars on Sundays to reduce petrol and diesel costs [INSIGHT]Thirty year-old cars pulled from bottom of Scottish reservoir [SHOCKING]Major diesel changes coming ‘at the worst possible time’ for motorists [WARNING] The cut was brought in at 6pm on Wednesday evening and is set to last for 12 months. Fuel duty has previously been frozen at 57.95p per litre since 2011, but industry leaders called for a reduction amid the cost of living crisis. According to the Government, a temporary 12 month cut will be worth around £100 for the average car driver and £200 for the average van driver. A saving of £1,500 is being estimated for the average haulier, based on average fuel consumption. It is said that this cut will represent a tax cut of around £2.4billion over the next 12 months. Seb Goldin, CEO of RED Driving School, advised motorists that by making “simple changes” to their habits, they can improve their fuel efficiency by between five and 20 percent. He also highlights the need to ensure that tyre pressure is correct as under-inflated tyres increase rolling resistance and use up more fuel. Air conditioning uses up around 10 percent of engine power, which can quickly sap fuel levels. The same goes for having the windows open as this will interfere with the airflow around the vehicle which will impact fuel consumption. He added: “Coasting in neutral or with the clutch depressed not only means you aren’t in control of the vehicle, but also means that fuel is still being delivered to the engine. “If you remain in gear but take your foot off the accelerator, the fuel supply is cut off, reducing fuel consumption. “It’s no surprise that ‘good’ drivers who plan ahead, closely monitor the road ahead to assess any developing situation and are progressive with their use of controls, are also fuel efficient drivers.” RAC Fuel Watch shows that petrol prices are currently around 167.3p per litre, which “should fall”, while diesel fuel prices are expected to remain at the same level at 179.72p per litre. Commenting on the decision to reduce VAT on fuel, Ashley Barnett, head of fleet consultancy at Lex Autolease, Lloyds Banking Group commented: “An electric future simply can’t happen overnight. "While rising fuel prices might trigger a switch to an electric vehicle, the affordability of EVs still remains a key barrier towards mass adoption, with an ICE vehicle the only option for many drivers. "Therefore, as fuel prices continue to soar at an alarming rate, it’s welcoming to see the government take steps to reduce taxes on fuel and alleviate the pressures that businesses and motorists are continuing to face at the petrol pump.”