Motsi Mabuse, 40, has expressed her disappointment after witnessing actor Will Smith’s furious outburst against comedian Chris Rock at the 94th Academy Awards last night. The Strictly Come Dancing star had tuned into the live event, which was held on Sunday evening in Los Angeles, meaning viewers in the UK and Europe stayed up until early hours of the morning to watch it unfold. However, after losing sleep to watch the ceremony, Motsi was left “heartbroken” and “disappointed” after seeing Will’s dramatic reaction to Chris’ quip about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith. Motsi penned: “Wow ! Will smith ! Oh my goodness! “Stayed up all night to see black on black hate ! Heart broken :( ! Disappointed.” (sic) Other social media users echoed Motsi’s remarks as they denounced the “sad” events that left fans of the Hollywood stars reeling. Mibbieaye wrote: “I initially thought it was an act. Very sad.” Xlovehearts added: “Me too especially cause the link I was watching on they muted it but saw the full. “But no excuse for the way he behaved but also Chris Rock unless he didn't know also made a joke about hair loss which I've read is apparently from a medical condition.” (sic) Vandals1946 said: “Very disappointing and sad. Any hate is unacceptable  - no matter who they are!” IanGMorton1 simply stated: “It's absolutely shocking.” Guests at the lavish awards ceremony saw the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air star walk on stage and slap the comedian after the latter made a jibe about Jada’s hair. Chris had mocked Jada’s buzzcut, saying: “Jada, can't wait for GI Jane 2." In an unscripted reaction, Will stormed the stage and hit Chris before returning to his seat. DON'T MISS...Oscars viewers left reeling after Will Smith slaps Chris Rock [UPDATE]Liza Minneli stuns fans by defying the odds and turning 75 [LATEST]Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga [INSIGHT] Still seemingly surprised, Chris exclaimed: “Wow, Will Smith just smacked the s**t out of me.” Following the stand-off, the camera panned to Will as the audience laughed. The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air star shouted: “Keep my wife’s name out your f*****g mouth.” Jada revealed in 2018 she had been diagnosed with alopecia and has since spoken out on the effects of her hair loss. In an interview back in 2018 as part of her Red Table Talk series, Jada said: “A lot of people have been asking why I've been wearing turbans. “Well, I haven't talked about it. It's not easy to talk about, but I am going to talk about it.” She also described the “terrifying” ordeal, as alopecia made large clumps of her hair fall out at once. “I was in the shower one day and had just handfuls of hair in my hands and I was just like, 'Oh my God, am I going bald?'" she added.