 Brexit came into effect at the beginning of last year in what marked the end of an 11-month transition period. The UK almost immediately reaped the rewards of the exit after it began rolling out its coronavirus vaccine sooner than many other EU nations. However, the promised economic benefits of Brexit have not yet been seen, in part due to the financial implications of the coronavirus pandemic. The UK is currently facing a cost of living crisis, with inflation hitting a 30-year high in December, and a record increase in household energy bills forecasted for April by the Bank of England. Parallel to this, Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak have pushed ahead with an increase in National Insurance despite labelling themselves as “tax-cutting Conservatives”. To make Brexit work Dr David Bull, who is Deputy Leader of Reform UK, previously known as the Brexit Party, said the Government must steer clear of the EU’s policies of high tax and high regulation. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “The whole point about this as far as I can see is that we’re meant to be a low tax, low regulation, high growth economy. Read More: Scotland independence row explodes as SNP accused of 'surrender'  “The whole point was we were able to set our own interest rates and I think the current Government has actually just doubled down on where the European Union is. “We’re now a high-tax, high regulation, low growth economy and you can see that with the fact that we have inflation rising, national insurance [hikes] coming in, tax bills going up. “That’s not what people voted for so that needs to change. “In terms of those taxes, what on earth are they doing? One of the things that Boris said he would do was remove VAT on household energy, and of course that hasn’t happened, and it should happen. “We’re going to see lots of people pushed into energy poverty. We’re already seeing with the end of the price cap that’s going to be disastrous.” Dr Bull insisted that the Government has yet to take advantage of the “historic” 2016 referendum result The politician added: “What we should have done is to say, ‘Right, this is where the future begins. We’re going to slash tax, we’re going to get a flat tax rate across the board for example.’ “We’re going to slash VAT, we’re doing these trade deals, we’re going to bring in the brightest talent. But they didn’t do that.” Don't Miss:Brexit betrayal as UK ‘doubled down’ on EU’s policy[OPINION]Cillian Murphy raged at UK over Brexit: 'Can't hold Ireland to ransom'[INSIGHT]'They'd blame Brexit if two planets collided!' HILARIOUS shut-down[ANALYSIS]  The UK signed a free trade agreement with Australia in December, while early on in 2021 it secured a deal in principle with New Zealand, Negotiations are also ongoing with India, Mexico, Canada and the Gulf to strike further trade deals this year. Dr Bull, however, believes that a deal with the US would be a “game changer” for the UK post-Brexit. He said: “Where is the deal with the United States? That for me is the real benchmark.  “If we can come up with a deal with the United States that would be absolutely game changing.” He also added that it was too difficult for the “best” and the “brightest” to live and work in the UK. He said: “I don’t think we’re doing enough to support British business on a global stage, I dont think in terms of freedom of movement we’re attracting the best and the brightest which is what we said we would do. “The whole point about it is, let's take Indian graduates for example, they’re very, very highly trained, they speak English, a lot of the infrastructure in India is aligned with the United Kingdom because obviously we have a colonial past. “And yet they still have to get work visas to come here. This to me seems a bit nutty — we’re not doing what we said we would do.” He added: “They’re incredibly highly trained and we can see that from corporates who are outsourcing call centres and whatever else to India. “I’m a big fan of India and their education system and I just think if we’ve got job vacancies we need to be attracting the best and the brightest from around the world. “The United Kingdom remains a global power and I think people are desperate to come here and we need to make it easier for the best and the brightest.”