In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Peaky Blinders actress Natasha O’Keeffe, 35, revealed some inspiring memories of filming with her late co-star, Helen McCrory, who played the Shelby family matriarch Aunt Polly, in a tribute to her. Natasha, who plays Lizzie Shelby in the hit show, spoke to Express.co.uk at the red carpet premiere of the sixth season of Peaky Blinders in Birmingham. The BBC star plays Elizabeth ‘Lizzie’ Shelby, the second wife of Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy). The 35-year-old praised Helen, who died of breast cancer in April last year at the age of 52, for always being “very modest about her abilities” and added that Helen “never realised how much she was giving you. “As a younger actor, on set with her, I was learning so, so much.”  READ MORE: Gemma Atkinson fumes at Gorka Marquez after being left 'on her own' Natasha added: “The ‘tea leaves’ scene in season four always comes to mind, because it just felt like these two ladies [who] know each other… “It’s about Lizzie being pregnant with Tommy’s child, so I think that’s one of the scenes that really spring to mind [between] Lizzie and Polly.” In the scene, Aunt Polly reads Lizzie’s tea leaves to predict her fortune and tells Lizzie she is pregnant. Aunt Polly’s prediction would prove to be true when Lizzie later gives birth to daughter, Ruby Shelby, later in the series. Natasha, who has recently spoken about her spiritual connection with the late Helen McCrory, added that the character of Polly Gray was a “wise woman”. In an interview with Radio Times, she explained: “Sometimes I would find myself talking to her.” “It wasn’t a conscious decision, more like an instinct. “I felt the need to connect with her in some way and so I’d ask for strength or encouragement between takes.” DON’T MISS: Jools Holland speaks about prostate cancer battle [LATEST] Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby [ADMISSION]Chef Delia Smith, 80, opens up on not having children [UPDATE] She added: “I also listened to Nina Simone in my trailer because I know Helen liked her. “The emotion of it all comes in tidal waves. It’s still hard to believe…” Peaky Blinders creator, Steven Knight, told Express.co.uk that they had decided to dedicate the latest season of the show to Helen. Helen’s character of Polly Gray was one of the most beloved characters.  Steven said: “The loss of that human being, that person is so terrible so the loss of the character [of Polly] is secondary” but he added that they wanted to honour her memory. Steven has recently said that part of the reason for the show ending with season six is due to the death of Helen McCrory. He said in an interview: “The reason is boringly practical, which is that we lost a year due to the pandemic. “The way these things are scheduled, it’s like turning an oil tanker around. “We just felt, also with the loss of Helen, it all seemed to be pointing towards doing what I’m calling ‘the end of the beginning’. “Let’s end the beginning, then let’s do the film. “And then let’s see where we go in terms of spin-offs.”  