Moscow's hopes of storming Kiyv in a matter of days failed after armed forces were met by the fierce resistance of Ukranian forces. The Kremlin quickly switched strategy in a bid to slowly encircle key cities and strangle the resistance forces within these.  But as the war enters its fourth week, Western officials say the Kremlin's back up plan is failing to make any material difference. One official said: "Not only is it not going as it was planned, but even as they have adjusted to a rather more grinding form of warfare, that is stalling as well. "There very encouraging resistance from the Ukranaians." Another added: "We're continuing to see that Russian forces are continuing to make little bits of progress here and there but they're not achieving any strategic breakthrough at any point. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG  "Their ground forces are still quite heavily tied to Ukraine's road network, which obviously constrains them to a degree. "Their off-road manoeuver is pretty limited and what that means is that Ukrainians have been able to destroy some infrastructure, some bridges for example, and also to ambush Russian columns. "All that means Russia's advance has been slowed very substantially." It is believed as many as 7,000 Russian troops have died in the invasion so far. Putin and Kremlin officials are thought to have catastrophically underestimated the resistance they would face in Ukraine, leaving them unprepared for urban combat. Ukraine' defence has partially been boosted by military supplies provided by other countires. DON'T MISS:Russian morale 'darkening' as 'isolation' echoes Soviet Union [INSIGHT]Brexit Britain back at EU meetings: Boris poised to fly to Brussels [UPDATE]How to help Ukraine: What YOU can do to help amid horror invasion [IN DEPTH]   As well as defensive equipment, thousands of anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons have been sent to help on the front line. While there is some optimism that Russia may be unable to keep up its level of attacks, hundreds of Ukranian civilians and soldiers have died following the invasion.  It is thought more than 2,500 have been killed in the conflict so far. About 3.2 million have fled abroad, United Nations data showed on Thursday, in what has become Europe's fastest growing refugee crisis since World War Two.  With Ukraine's capital still yet to fall, Western officials have warned it would be "very costly" for Russia to try and take control and that Putin could be considering his options on how to best advance, given the struggles so far. "I think there is a question as to whether Moscow now intends to try to assault Kiyv or not," one said. "To do so, in my judgement, with or without bombardment would be very costly for Russia." They added: "We need to wait and see what will happen with Kiyv." 