Clapping is rare in the Commons and normally frowned upon by the Speaker, which made it all the more special. I hope it showed the Ukrainians, how much MPs are inspired by their courage and determination to keep their country free. After PMQs had ended, on the floor of the Commons, I asked the Speaker if he would send Parliamentary condolences to Ukranian’s Jewish community - given that the Russians had carried out a missile attack on a special Babyn Yar Holocaust Memorial site (in an attempt to destroy a TV aerial on the site). Given that Putin - incredibly - has described the Ukrainian leadership as ‘neo-Nazis’ -  despite President Zelensky being Jewish himself - it was beyond comprehension that the Russian leadership would take aim at a holocaust memorial, perhaps the most important such memorial in Ukraine.  It is almost impossible to believe that the Russian armed forces did not know about Babyn Yar. Putin calling the Ukrainian Neo-Nazis and attacking Babyn Yar was a slippery and dark road back in time:  like the Nazis establishing Auschswitz, yet having Arbeit Nacht Frei (work makes you free) at the entrance as victims marched through the gates. During the Holocaust, over one million Ukrainian Jews were massacred by Hitler. As the Babyn Yar memorial reminds us: from 1940 to 1943, up to 100,000 jews were massacred at Babyn Yar alone. That included the entire population of Kyiv.  In the Second-World War, four million Ukrainians lost their lives to the Nazi invasion. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea  So Ukrainians know all too well what it is like to suffer from Nazism:  Putin’s language is all about dehumanising the Ukrainians and giving a false justification for their invasion. I am an MP of the Jewish faith and like most Jews, was brought up learning about the history and tragedy of the Holocaust.  Jews know what true Nazism really means and who the real Nazis were. They are certainly not Ukrainians in 2022.Golda Meir, the former President of Israel - who was born in Kyiv in 1898, said: “Pessimism is a luxury that no Jew can allow himself.  After the misery and atrocities of the Russian onslaught over the past week, alongside the barbarism of the missiles hitting Babyn Yar, it is hard not to be gloomy. But I believe that freedom will always triumph over tyranny and that Golda Meir’s words must be remembered by all of us, Jewish or otherwise.My hope is in the future, Parliamentarians will be able to stand up in the Commons and applaud Ukrainian representatives again - after their country is free from the Russian military Jackboot once and for all.- --- Robert Halfon - Conservative MP for Harlow and chairs the the education select committee