Denise van Outen, 47, has revealed her thoughts on being a celebrity nowadays, along with the risks of being “cancelled” by fans. The actress and presenter also admitted she enjoyed the “ride” to fame, as she had always aspired to a career in the spotlight. The Celebrity Gogglebox star said: “We’ve all witnessed the celebrities, actors, politicians, and sportsmen and sportswomen who’ve voiced an opinion on their Facebook page or Twitter, misjudged or otherwise, and have then been publicly hung out to dry for it. "One wrong move, and all of a sudden they’re the worst person in the world. Cancelled! Now that’s scary.” She continued to dailystar.co.uk: “Back then, I tried to push those niggling thoughts to one side and just enjoy the ride.” Denise has come a long way since her early days in show business and has even released an autobiography, entitled A Bit of Me. READ MORE: Michaela Strachan on hiding cancer diagnosis In a recent interview, Denise recalled having to make changes and pull the book from being published late last year following her split from former fiancé Eddie Boxshall. The couple were together for seven years, but decided to part ways last year. Due to the change in circumstances, Denise pushed back the publication of her book to make some changes. She described “crying at home” over the split, as she admitted that the process had been "hard”. Speaking on The One Show, Denise was questioned on the break-up and why the end of the book had been changed. "You do revisit lots of painful things during the book," The One Show host Alex Jones began. "And of course, we know that your relationship with Eddie has sadly broken down, and we are so sorry. "So, you've had to rewrite, haven't you? The end of the book." DON'T MISSJamie Lee Curtis, 63, oozes Hollywood glamour on Oscars red carpet [INSIGHT]Ranvir Singh 'rolls eyes' at ex-GMB colleague's 'life changing' update [NEWS]Calls to strip Will Smith of Oscar after slap [LATEST] The presenter added: "Now this must have been a messy, messy process because you'd already written the book." Denise explained: "Yeah. I think it was the toughest thing for me. I mean, the book is very upbeat, because I've had a lot of incredible work experiences. "And I cover a lot of the 90s - you know, all the hedonistic days, it's all in there. "But the book was supposed to come out last November and actually just as it was about to come out I found out everything that had been going on [with Eddie]. "And I had to make a decision, and we had to pull the book - it's unheard of." Denise went on: “We had to get rid of it, all of the book had to be rewritten and I had to sit down and do a rewrite. "So at that particular time, can you imagine how raw it was?" Shaking her head sadly, Alex replied: "No."