Jackie was the third player to take on Chaser Jenny ‘The Vixen’ Ryan on Monday’s rerun of The Chase after answering a series of general knowledge questions asked by Bradley Walsh. However, the contestant’s performance in her cash-builder round left The Chase host struggling to keep things on track after answering a question based on a former Prime Minister. After kicking off proceedings, both Claire and Robin made it back to their team and even claimed The Vixen wasn’t on top form after answering a couple of questions incorrectly. Next up was police officer Jackie who gave it her all on the cash-builder but unfortunately, after her rather comical slip-up, the ITV host was left in fits of laughter. Bradley asked: “Which UK Prime Minister read Geography at an all-women's Oxford college? Jackie responded: “Tony Blair.” “Theresa May!" Bradley sniggered. READ MORE:Antiques Road Trip taken off air in schedule shake-up  Jackie herself let out a raucous laugh while Bradley's own chuckles left him tripping over the words to his next question. Social media was flooded by viewers who were left in hysterics by Jackie’s response. On Twitter, @Eleanor25722792 said: “WHAT! Jackie's answers in the chase!” A bemused @hannah_gary remarked: “The Chase. Which UK PM read geography at an all woman’s Oxford College? Tony Blair. Said the serving Police Officer!” (sic) While @KyleSew2112 added: “Tony Blair at an all-women's college f*** sake #thechase.”  @Martinc1894 wondered: “Wtf did Jackie just say then .#TheChase.” (sic) Later on in the programme, Jackie was caught by The Chaser and unable to join her fellow teammates in the final round. Hoping to win £18,000 from their total prize pot, Claire, Mark and Robin managed to answer 17 questions correctly in two minutes. Despite her shaky start at the beginning of the show, Jenny caught the contestants with seconds to spare, meaning they went home with nothing.  Elsewhere during the classic episode, Jenny used the opportunity to hit back at Claire, who at the beginning of the programme had called her “smug”. The brave quizzer had made the on-air dig after Bradley had asked her which Chaser she would like to take on. After her strong start in the cash-builder, winning £6,000 for her team, Claire saw Jenny march onto the show which called for quite an awkward encounter. Taking aim at The Vixen, Claire said she thought Jenny could be "smug" on the show and wanted to get the better of her. DON'T MISS... ‘Harsh!’ The Chase fans blast Bradley Walsh for not accepting answer[INSIGHT] Bradley Walsh hits out at The Chase contestant 'I was petrified!'[INTERVIEW] The Chase: Bradley Walsh gobsmacked over 'brutal' performance[VIDEO]  Claire said: "I think she's very good, but I think sometimes she's a little bit smug, so I'd quite like to try and give her a run for her money." However, The Vixen had the final laugh after taking victory and used the opportunity to hit back at her critic. At the end of the episode, she told the player it "wasn't smugness", just the way her resting face looked. The Chase airs weekdays on ITV at 5pm