Kate Middleton and Prince William visited London’s Ukrainian Cultural Centre yesterday to show their support for the people of Ukraine. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were seen helping sort through the donations and spoke to those working at the centre. Upon their arrival, Kate was seen carrying a brown paper bag and within it was some homebaked goods which she had made for the volunteers. Towards the end of their visit, Prince William said: “I’m sorry we could only bring words and comfort, but we are thinking about you the whole time and we do care what’s going on.” One volunteer was heard saying: “Sometimes that’s more than financial.” The Duke continued: “If we can give you the odd smile here and there, that’s important. You’re doing an amazing job all of you.” Alongside their “words and comfort”, Kate also contributed some homemade brownies and granola bars as a gift from Kensington Palace. READ MORE: Prince George is not ‘a spoiled child’ - expert analysis While the exact recipe she used to create the sweet goods is unknown, another Royal Family member has revealed how they like to make brownies. Mike Tindall MBE, who is married to the Queen’s granddaughter, Zara Phillips shared the ingredients he uses to make brownies for his family. Back in 2020, the former professional rugby player posted a handwritten guide to social media. He wrote: “So I decided to make my world-famous brownies (my words!!) but I tried to get rid of all the sugar. DON'T MISS...Camilla’s engagement ring provided 'strong connection' to Royal Family [PICTURES]Kate Middleton’s ‘loyalty’ and ‘integrity’ shown with signature jewel [EXCLUSIVE]Meghan Markle weight loss: The one exercise Duchess avoids [INTERVIEW] “I used @thewizardsmagic and I have to say it was a success!!! “Also they are gluten free! So sugar free and gluten free coming to a store near you soon, sounds good though!!” 185g of dark chocolate 85g of plain flour 40g of cocoa Three eggs 275g of caster sugar 50g of white chocolate (or Mike recommends sea salt chopped into chunks) Kate is no stranger to baking having previously confessed her love of making birthday cakes for her children. Before Prince George’s, Princess Charlotte’s and Prince Louis’ birthdays, the Duchess stays up late baking cakes. During her appearance on BBC One’s A Berry Royal Christmas which aired in 2019, Kate admitted: “I love making cakes. “It's become a bit of a tradition that I stay up until midnight with ridiculous amounts of cake mix and icing and I make far too much. But I love it." And Kate’s admiration for the Queen of cakes herself, Dame Mary Berry has seemingly rubbed off on her youngest child. The Duchess said: “One of Louis’ first words was 'Mary' because right at his height are all my cooking books in the kitchen bookshelf. “And children are really fascinated by faces, and your faces are all over your cooking books and he would say 'that’s Mary Berry.’”