Chief executive Peter Hebblethwaite said it knew "no union would accept our proposal". The millionaire told a Commons select committee that a "consultation process would have been a sham" so they did not engage in one ahead of the shock redundancies last week via Zoom. Ministers say they will stop companies firing staff on the spot after P&O "exploited a loophole" in the law. The sackings sparked outrage after it emerged crew would be replaced by foreign agency workers paid less than the minimum wage. Labour MP Darren Jones, who chairs the Business Select Committee, began a parliamentary hearing yesterday by asking Mr Hebblethwaite: "Are you in this mess because you don't know what you're doing or are you just a shameless criminal?" A rattled Mr Hebblethwaite apologised for the distress caused by the cuts but added they were necessary to save the business, which had been losing money. He also said workers would receive "extremely generous" compensation, although as part of this they would forgo their right to pursue legal action against P&O. No one will get less than £15,000 in compensation, he said, and a small number will receive more than £100,000. He added: "I completely throw our hands up, my hands up, that we did choose not to consult. "We did not believe there was any other way to do this." Asked if he would make the decision again, with the benefit of hindsight, Mr Hebblethwaite said he would as it had saved the business. Since the sackings, it has been claimed P&O replaced workers - who Mr Hebblethwaite said earned £36,000 a year - with agency staff from India on £1.80 an hour. Mr Hebblethwaite, who earns £325,000 a year as a basic salary, could not say whether he would get a performance-related bonus after the sackings. He told MPs that the average hourly rate of pay for new P&O crew members would be £5.15, which is below the UK minimum wage. It is in line with international maritime standards, though. From April 1, the UK minimum wage for people aged 23 and over will be £9.50. Explaining why P&O did not consult before making staff redundant, he said: "We considered every single other option but that would result in the closure of P&O. The new model is a fundamentally different operating model - no union would accept our proposals." Lee Davison, one of the staff sacked by P&O, told Sky News the company "think they're above the law", and described being sacked as "like a bereavement". He said P&O staff are furious about Mr Hebblethwaite's interview and called it "an absolute insult". Mark Dickinson, secretary general of Nautilus International, the global seafarers' union, added that Mr Hebblethwaite's appearance in front of the committee was "scandalous". Mr Dickinson said: "He admitted he broke the law and said he would do it again." "We've had redundancies [from P&O] in the past. As recently as 2020. And they went through the proper process. They consulted with all the trade unions. We can work together." Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said, "the P&O management have exploited a [legal] loophole here". It is believed he was referring to the firm treating workers under the definition of "seafarers" and governed by the Maritime Labour Convention instead of UK employment law. Mr Shapps added: "Next week we will be returning to Parliament with a package of measures to make sure that situation is undone." "We will change the law to make that happen." He also tweeted: "However you try spin it, P&O Ferries has ripped up 800 workers' rights and hung them out to dry." Union boss Mick Lynch told the hearing that P&O Ferries wants to "kill" the merchant navy. The general secretary of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union said: "The politicians and the lawyers have watched over the last 30 years, while not only workers have been made vulnerable but our merchant marine has been decimated and destroyed. "If this goes the way it's likely to go, we won't have a merchant navy in this country. That's what P&O are aiming to achieve, to kill our merchant marine and to kill our employment laws, and something's got to be done about it today." Andrew Burns QC, barrister at Devereaux Chambers, told MPs: "In broad terms, all employers with ships must give a notice to the appropriate authority 45 days before dismissal. My understanding is that the notice was given only on the day." That "appears to be a breach" of employment law, he added.