Katy Rickitt, a news correspondent for ITV News and Good Morning Britain, said she is “worried” after discovering her bulldog, Daphne, has a “horrible ulcer in her eye”. The presenter, who is the wife of former Coronation Street star Adam Rickitt, shared her concern on Twitter. She posted a photo of herself and Daphne and told her 20,000 followers: “My little bub Daphne is poorly, horrible ulcer in her eye meaning drops every four hours and possibly surgery on Monday. “So, I’ll be getting a bit of Good Morning Britain return practice tonight on medicine duty. “Why do they have to worry us so?! ‍” She added that the late nights are “worth it for the kisses” and thanked her followers for their “well wishes” saying: “Daphne appreciated it a lot as I do.” READ MORE:Martin Roberts breaks down in tears after Costco purchase rejected Dozens of Katy’s friends and followers took to the comments to empathise with how she is feeling. Paul wrote: “I do hope Daphne is ok very soon. It’s horrible when our pets are poorly, they are unable to tell us how they feel. Thinking of you and your little bub #staystrong #beenthroughit.” Andrea said: “Don’t know what I’d do without my dog… it scares me. We love our dogs, that’s a given.” And Andrea Webb added: “I feel your upset. My little Harley is similar and has to see a specialist this week." It comes after Katy bid farewell to her ITV News Calendar team ahead of her exit this month. She explained that she was initially supposed to leave the programme in January, but the recruitment process for her replacement had taken longer due to the Covid pandemic. Katy penned: “A little update… so I said I’d be here on secondment until January, it’s now February. A few have been asking what’s going on! “Well with Covid etc it’s taken @itvcalendar a little longer to recruit which means I have the pleasure of being with this wonderful team until the end of March.” DON'T MISSTamzin Outhwaite left 'in tears' over Liverpool's tribute to Ukraine[LATEST]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak[INSIGHT]‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle[NEWS] In a separate tweet, Katy confirmed she will return to Good Morning Britain in April. She wrote: “It’s then time to dust off the early alarm clock and re-join my @gmb family from April! “Thanks so much to everyone who’s been so supportive and welcomed me into your living rooms at teatime, what a privilege it’s been. “And as you can see, even with all the bad news there’s been, we've had some great laughs along the way. “Thanks for all your messages and I really hope some of you will follow me back for the 6am switch.” Katy married former Coronation Street and Hollyoaks star Adam in December 2014. They first met three years earlier when Katy interviewed him in what was supposed to be a 30-minute interview. Instead, the pair got on so well that their chat lasted almost six hours. In an appearance on Loose Women in July, Katy candidly revealed Adam told her he loved her “pretty much straight away”, and after a few weeks of dating it “became apparent” Adam “meant everything he said”.