 Joe Biden embarks on his trip to Europe on Wednesday for a meeting with NATO partners to discuss the ongoing conflict in Ukraine and is expected to announce further sanctions on Russia. During the trip to Brussels, the President will also attend a G7 summit, and the European Council and it has been suggested that he should visit the Eastern European countries bordering Ukraine in a show of solidarity.   US national security advisor Jake Sullivan held a press conference on Tuesday where he said: “The President will join our partners in imposing further sanctions on Russia and tightening the existing sanctions to crack down on evasion and ensure robust enforcement. “The war will not end easily or rapidly.” As well as discussing how to reduce European dependence on Russian gas, Mr Biden will also address long-term alterations to the NATO presence in Eastern Europe. This will heavily focus on safeguards being imposed in the event of nuclear weapons being used.   The White House official added that the trip will continue to send the message of a united Western front against Ukraine and will send “a powerful message that we are prepared and committed to this for as long as it takes.” Alongside additional sanctions, Joe Biden is expected to discuss further aid to Ukrainian refugees when he travels to Poland to meet with troops and experts taking part in the humanitarian response. The official added: “He will have the opportunity to coordinate on the next phase of military assistance to Ukraine. READ MORE:Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less  Fighting in Ukraine is entering its fourth week and despite Russian forces suffering losses and nearly losing territory back to Ukraine, Washington intends to clamp down on sanctions against Russia which some are evading. Sanctions are due to be rolled out on Thursday and will concentrate on reinforcing prior sanctions. Mr Sullivan said: “We have applied an enormous amount of economic pressure and in order to sustain and escalate that pressure over time…a big part of it is about effective enforcement.” DON'T MISS:POLL: Do you think Kate and William will announce baby number 4 soon? (POLL)Royal plane: Inside Prince William and Kate's swanky royal transport (REVEAL)Mercedes boss Wolff takes swipe at Verstappen while talking up Russell (REACTION)  The advisor acknowledged that President Putin’s mission to cause fractures between Europe and the US had failed, as the allies instead formed a united front. Sullivan added that attempts by Russia to “subjugate” Ukraine have also failed. “Although Russia may take more territory in these brutal military operations, it will never take the country.” 