Vinny (played by Bradley Johnson) and Liv (Isobel Steele) have been on cloud nine after tying the knot away from Emmerdale without any drama. Since returning to the village the couple have been trying to keep their wedding a secret from Vinny's domineering mother Mandy (Lisa Riley). However, it looks as though another character is about to give the game away on the ITV soap. Vinny and Liv have overcome so much together since the start of their relationship. Liv battled an alcohol addiction which saw her hospitalised several times after becoming ill from alcohol poisoning. Vinny got kidnapped by village killer Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) and the villain also framed Liv for the murder of Ben Tucker (Simon Lennon). Once Liv was released from prison after proving she was not responsible for Ben's death, Vinny dropped down on one knee and proposed.  READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series The pair recently married away from the Dales in secret, but Mandy is set to be left devastated when she learns about their wedding. Amidst a postal mix-up, Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) gets handed an envelope addressed to Mr and Mrs V. Dingle which arouses his suspicions. Noah tactfully reveals the envelope, which contains Liv and Vinny’s marriage certificate to Mandy. Noah’s plan has the desired effect, as Mandy is left totally floored by the reveal.  When Vinny arrives back home, a distraught Mandy presents him with the certificate and demands an explanation. Vinny is left guilt-ridden when Mandy explains she sees his secret wedding as a betrayal of their relationship. The following day, Vinny and Liv try to heal Mandy’s pain by inviting her to be their guest of honour at their upcoming wedding reception. But will a wounded Mandy accept their olive branch?  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale newcomer Marcus Dean killed as Pierce returns from the dead? [LATEST]Emmerdale’s Louise Jameson details dramatic hair transformation [MUST SEE]Emmerdale exit for Ethan Anderson as he runs off with newcomer? [SPOILER] Mandy is not the kind of character to keep her emotions bottled up and she has ended up clashing with multiple villagers over the years. However, instead of causing a scene at the reception, will Mandy start planning a way to turn Vinny against his new wife? Could she trick him into believing Liv's alcohol addiction has resurfaced? She might persuade him to cut ties with Liv so she can get help for her addiction.  Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, the actors who play Vinny and Liv, Bradley and Isobel respectively, recently opened up about their characters' wedding. Bradley said: "It's great. They've broken up about three times now! But I'm really happy because they're committed now and we can explore their relationship more, see what goes on behind closed doors and show a young couple being married and living together." Isobel added: "There isn't another young couple in the show who are married. The audience love it and the writers like writing it, clearly." Emmerdale now weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 