Andrea McLean, 52, recently left Loose Women to concentrate on her online mindset company, The Girl Is On Fire. However, Andrea made a surprise comeback to the show this afternoon with her husband Nick Feeney catching the star off-guard with his latest cheeky comment. Andrea posted a video of herself and Nick in her story, in view of her 299,000 Instagram followers. Posting their chat from the car, she said: "Do you know what he just said? "I just looked at myself and said... sorry, morning! "I just looked at myself and said, 'Wow, oh my gosh that's quite scary. I look so much better with make-up on'. "And he said, and muttered under his breath, 'Welcome to my world'." READ MORE: Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts Andrea then moved the camera to her husband, who could be seen smirking as he drove his other half to the ITV studios. She continued: "I don't know if he means he looks better with make-up on, or he has to look at me... "I'm not going to ask. Anyway I got so distracted by what he said that I forgot to say why we're in the car." Andrea then broke to her followers that she was on the way to the Loose Women studios for filming. She recently left the show to focus on This Girl is on Fire, which she runs with Nick. Speaking to The Mirror about her decision to leave the show, she said: "I have no regrets at all, 100 per cent. I look back really fondly on my time there, and I was so lucky. "I had the best job in the world but it just didn't fit anymore. "That's not a bad thing, we all change and you're not the same person a decade later. Most of us will outgrow our jobs at some point." DON'T MISS... Oscars viewers left reeling after Will Smith slaps Chris Rock [OSCARS] Frail Liza Minnelli, 76, leans on pal after being seen in a wheelchair [HEALTH] Lily Collins laments 'end of an era' after Phil Collins' last show [COMMENT] She added: "Because I was doing This Girl Is On Fire on the side it just became clearer that this is what I wanted to be doing. Most of us will outgrow our jobs at some point." This comes after she admitted on Lorraine last week that it was a "big decision" for her to leave the flagship show. She said that people's kind words were what inspired her to write her fourth book, which aims to help people change their lives around in 10 days. She told Lorraine on Monday: "This is my first time being back on TV and back in the room that we share with Loose. "It was a [brave decision] and the reason the whole book came about was because at the time so many people said to me you're so brave to do that thing, to pivot. "And all I kept thinking was I don't feel brave, I feel really scared but it was just something I really needed to do. "And then I thought, right, how can I bottle everything I've used to do a brave thing when I've felt scared and I put together a 10 day challenge for my lovely community and then saw the results and it made me brave enough."