Edinson Cavani is out of contract at the end of the season and his chances of remaining at Manchester United appear slim. The Uruguayan has struggled with injuries so far this season but has popped up with some important goals for the Red Devils since signing in 2020. Cavani has scored just twice in 12 Premier League appearances so far this season, registering one assist. Ralf Rangnick has struggled to get the very best out of his attackers since taking the reins of United earlier this season. The club only have Cavani and Cristiano Ronaldo as their no.9 options as it stands and the German is thought to have made it his priority to acquire another forward when he moves into a consultancy role in the summer. But he may be tempted to sign two if Cavani departs. Many expected the former Paris Saint-Germain striker to move to see out the final years of his career in South America, or maybe return to one of his former clubs. However, Inter Milan are keen for the 35-year-old to embark on a new challenge and spearhead their attack. READ MORE: Arsenal told to sign three Premier League stars in summer window According to Calcio Mercato, Inter are considering making a move for the Uruguay international as an experienced option to bolster their forward options. The club are expected to be busy in the summer and make ‘big manoeuvres’ in regards to shaking up their attacking ranks. Inter were keeping tabs on Cavani previously and they could be tempted to ‘flashback’ to that interest if the striker is willing to consider returning to the Serie A – having previously played for Napoli and Palermo. DON'T MISSArsenal boss Arteta details two crucial transfer targetsTottenham boss Conte hits out at Arteta over Arsenal fixture complaintArteta in glowing praise of Coutinho as Arsenal 'hope to hijack deal' Cavani has showcased previously that he is more than capable of cutting it at the very top level despite retirement, presumably, being on the horizon. But his recent injuries must be considered and whether this could become a recurring issue as time goes on. Speaking to the United website about his recent injury Cavani explained: “I’ve been unfortunate to be out through injury, and for a longer period than I’m used to. I’ve never been used to spending this length of time on the sidelines. It’s something that I’m finding very difficult. Something which is very tough. “Mentally, it’s not easy either, because when you’re not used to it, it really is extremely hard to take on board what is happening and seeing your teammates each game going out onto the pitch, either for training or to play in a match.”