Savers of any profession - not just teachers - may want to take advantage of the interest rate which is currently one of the best on the market. The interest rate is fixed for two years until July 2024 and is paid on balances up to £250,000. Founded in the 1960s to help teachers take their first steps onto the housing ladder, TBS offers savings accounts to borrowers of all professions. By choosing to save with TBS, customers are helping teachers buy homes, something the Society thinks is a reason to feel proud. Britons looking to make the most of this year’s and next year’s ISA allowances could benefit from opening one of these accounts. The minimum someone can invest is £1,000 and they won’t be able to make any withdrawals during the term. READ MORE: NS&I Premium bonds: Can you boost chances of becoming a millionaire? David Leek, head of sales, product and marketing at Teachers Building Society, said savers have had a difficult time of it lately. “Our new two year fixed rate ISA provides a tax-free, highly competitive interest rate for savers looking for a secure home for their money before the end of the current tax-year. “Whilst borrowers have benefitted from a period of low interest rates, savers have had a harder time that deserves rewarding in the form of a market-leading rate. “Those who choose Teachers Building Society can benefit from an additional ‘feel-good factor,’ knowing that by saving with us, they are directly supporting our mission to help more teachers buy their first homes.” DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis shares the wage you WON’T pay more tax under NI hike [INSIGHT]‘Welcome relief’ for pensioners in interest rate decision [UPDATE]Millions eligible for free broadband installation [ALERT]   ISA benefits:  There is no one-size-fits all solution when it comes to choosing an ISA. People don’t have to stick to just one either - they can put money into one of each kind of ISA (cash ISA, stocks and shares ISA, innovative finance ISA and lifetime ISA) each tax year. The annual tax-free allowance is £20,000 - but this is capped across all ISAs. The deadline for investing up to £20,000 into an ISA this year falls on April 5, as the new tax year begins on April 6.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Those aged between 18 and 39 years old could open a lifetime ISA. Lifetime ISAs help people save for their first home or retirement. Britons who hold a lifetime ISA savings account are entitled to a 25 percent bonus from the Government each year. Opening an account at the age of 18 and maxing out the allowance each year until the age of 50, could result in a Government bonus of £32,000.