The BBC audience member asked about parents with disabled children, and how their families can afford the costs for children with special needs. The woman then went on to discuss how inflation has gone up but wages have stayed the same. With global oil and gas prices rising, and Brits being taxed more on their National Insurance many people in the UK are facing poverty due to the increases.  The BBC Debate Night audience member said: "Obviously the energy prices and things are going up, what about the families where parents are working but it's not a high-paid job? "Energy prices have gone up, wages haven't, inflation went up, wages haven't. "How are these families expected to keep a car running and like myself have a disabled child? "Your car is life because my son couldn't... he's got Autism and ADHD, he can't cope with public transport. JUST IN: 'Spot the ludicrous mistake!' Angela Rayner ridiculed over Russia nuclear weapons claim     The audience member added: "How are people like myself are working, my husband is working all the increases, "Our wages haven't increased in a couple of years, but inflation has. "All that was announced today and it's not helped at all." BBC Debate Night Stephen Jardin said: "This cut fuel duty today, is it going to make any difference to you?" The audience member added: "None because they're taking it away with one hand... Giving it with one hand and taking it away with the other." READ MORE: Ireland Brexit fury: Sinn Fein chief orders Taoiseach to urgently confront Boris in EU row     Rishi Sunak announced the 5p cut on fuel in yesterday's Spring Statement. Mr Sunak said: "Today I can announce for only the second time in 20 years, fuel duty will be cut. "Not by 1, not even by 2, but by 5 pence per litre. The biggest cut to all fuel duty rates – ever. "And while some have called for the cut to last until August, I have decided it will be in place until March next year – a full 12 months. "Together with the freeze, it’s a tax cut this year for hard-working families and businesses worth over £5 billion. "And it will take effect from 6 pm tonight. DON’T MISS: Lord Frost loses it with Ireland as he explodes at Simon Coveney in Brexit outrageRussian unit 'torn apart' by Ukrainian troops as devastated survivor details horror attackOil price surge: Rishi Sunak's 5p fuel duty cut 'cancelled out' by pump rise - 'Let down!' Many Brits are claiming that the cut does not do enough, and neither does Mr Sunaks announcement of increasing the National Insurance threshold to £3,000. Money expert Martin Lewis has been urging pensioners to claim theirs as soon as possible. Morgan Vine, Head of Policy and Influencing at Independent Age, said: “The Chancellor’s Statement will only have increased the anxieties many older people are feeling as they brace for a harsh year ahead. “As the cost of living crisis takes hold, older people with limited income are desperate for immediate and meaningful action to help with living costs. “The Statement falls far short of delivering that, and it won’t make any real difference for older people already struggling to pay for essentials like heating and food. “Alarm bells should be ringing in the Treasury, but the Chancellor doesn’t seem to have got the message. “While it’s positive that the government has committed to reinstating the state pension triple lock next year, that won’t help the 2.1 million older people who are struggling now.” 