The first images of Arsenal's next home kit have supposedly been leaked online, and some of the touches look remarkably similar to those of Manchester United's suspected shirt for next season. Some fans have accused Adidas, who design the jerseys for both of the Premier League sides, of 'lacking originality' over the copied kits.  As expected, Arsenal appear to have remained with their iconic red and white colours for the 2022-23 home strip, however the notable tweak to next season's design is the shirt's collar. The polo-style feature possesses a retro feel to it and sees a white base accompanied by a red zig-zag graphic going around its base. That is according to Footy Headlines who claim to have access to photographs of the unreleased jersey for next season. And Arsenal's upcoming kit isn't the only one the website are purported to have leaked, either. The merchandise site recently revealed United's expected attire for next campaign and it possesses a remarkably similar feel to Arsenal's, leading to assumptions that Adidas copied the design when creating the Gunners' kit. United's alleged next home shirt also features a retro polo-neck collar with a zig-zag design. READ MORE: Chelsea bidding war hots up as favourite agrees to 'emulate Liverpool'  Upon the release of Arsenal images, one fan commented, "Same style as United. Adidas can never be original…" while another added, "Man Utd leaked 22/23 collar looks similar." One football fan also acknowledged the throwback style that the sportswear brand appear to be going for, stating: "Adidas must be going for retro vibes next season." It remains to be seen if the leaked images do in fact match the club's actual home shirt design, with Arsenal set to announced next season's kit in May. Next season could well be an exciting one for Gunners fans as a 1-0 win over Aston Villa on Saturday saw their team edge ever closer to a Champions League return. DON'T MISS: Liverpool backed to finish 10 points behind Man City in title race (INSIGHT)Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp may be regretting January transfer call (TRANSFERS)Klopp’s 4 options as Liverpool “change systems” after Trent injury (ANALYSIS)  Bukayo Saka scored the winner at Villa Park to earn another precious three points for Mikel Arteta's side in the race for a top-four Premier League finish. The Gunners currently occupy fourth spot and sit three points above Tottenham, with a game in hand over their bitter North London rivals. United are four points in arrears of Arsenal having also played a game more, however, Arteta's outfit are still to play both of their nearest top-four rivals before the season is out. Should the Gunners qualify for the Champions League, it would be their first appearance in Europe's elite club competition since the 2016-17 season.  