Although they are not as bad as they have been, some areas up and down the country are still being affected by Royal Mail delays. The postal service has shared the full list of the most affected postcodes. Royal Mail operates an air, rail, and road network to move letters and parcels between their distribution hubs, mail processing centres, and delivery offices around the UK. The company’s air and rail networks operated to schedule over the last 24 hours, but there have been issues with its road networks. Royal Mail said: “Last night not all mail was able to travel on the scheduled service from Warrington to the National Distribution Centre (NDC) due to capacity issues. “This mail left on a later running service, and as a result it's possible that some mail due for delivery today in parts of the Midlands, South West, South Wales, Northern Ireland, the South East and London may arrive later than expected. READ MORE: Orchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms “A vehicle travelling from Preston Mail Centre to the NDC arrived late last night due to closures on the M6. As a result, a small amount of mail posted yesterday in the BB, FY, LA and PR postcode areas for delivery today in other parts of the UK, may arrive later than planned. “The late arrival of a trailer into London's Princess Royal Distribution Centre last night resulted in the late departure of the scheduled service to Cardiff Mail Centre. “As a result, a small amount of mail posted in parts of the South East and London for delivery today in the CF, LD and NP postcode areas may arrive later than anticipated.” There are also some issues with Royal Mail’s mail centres. DON'T MISS: How to upcycle your garden furniture: The six easy transformations [INSIGHT]‘Simple ways’ to help your lawn ‘look its best’ - ‘important’ [COMMENT]Monty Don shares top tips on pruning roses now - ‘prune hard’ [EXPLAINER] The company continued: “The mail centres below reported not all mail was processed or despatched to schedule over the last 24-hours, and as a result some mail may be delivered slightly later than expected. “Birmingham Mail Centre: Some mail posted yesterday in B, HR and WR postcode areas for delivery today in other parts of the UK. “Tyneside Mail Centre Some mail posted yesterday in other parts of the UK for delivery today in the DH, DL, NE, SR and TS postcode areas. “Northern Ireland Mail Centre: Some mail posted yesterday in other parts of the UK for delivery today in the BT postcode area.” Deliveries are operating as normal across most of the country, with some postcodes affected by delays more than others. Royal Mail stated: “We aim to deliver to all addresses we have mail for, six days a week. “In a small number of local offices this may temporarily not be possible due to local issues such as Covid-related self-isolation, high levels of sick absence, resourcing, or other local factors. “In those cases we will rotate deliveries to minimise the delay to individual customers. “We also provide targeted support to those offices to address their challenges and restore our service to the high standard our customers would normally receive.” The postal service added: “We're sorry for any inconvenience and thank you for your understanding.” Customers have taken to social media in recent days to express their frustration with the delays. Dr Sarah Olive tweeted: “Not going to pop the tracking number here but a delivery due at 1pm today is very definitely not here. No contact explaining or apologising for delay. I am not at the delivery address tomorrow @RoyalMail and it’s signed for. Please reach out to me on how you will solve this.” Paula commented: “@RoyalMailHelp So it’s been a week today and they don’t have it I understand delays but a week.” Emma wrote: “@RoyalMailHelp are there any delays in the Stanley area for parcels? I’ve had no update on mine and it’s past the delivery time. Just curious where it is.” Layla said: “@RoyalMailHelp is there a way to find out if there are postal delays in my area? I have been waiting almost a week for parcels that were estimated to arrive on Monday.” Zahra added: “Hi @RoyalMailHelp, my post recently had been very infrequent and delayed I don’t know if there’s any delays in my area so is there any way to check if there is?”