Animals are a big part of Channel 5's All Creatures Great and Small as James Herriot (played by Nicholas Ralph) attends to a wide variety of patients in his veterinary work. However, despite being the head writer on the hit series, Ben Vanstone confessed there's one particular type of animal he finds a little bit too "scary". Ben chatted about the work he does on All Creatures Great and Small in a recent interview. The writer spoke out about the range of animals featured on the show, insisting there's one in particular that poses a challenge. He explained the UK has special laws in place regarding the movement of animals. Ben said: “Pigs are really difficult because we’ve got really strict laws in this country about the movement of animals, following a foot and mouth outbreak in [2001]. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn "And ever since then, there’s very strict rules about going on and off farms, and the movement of pigs. "If you take a pig onto a farm, it has to stay there for six weeks, so if we ever took a pig somewhere that needs to be filmed, we would then have to pay for that pig to be looked after for six weeks. "It’s a whole number beyond just the days filming," the writer revealed. However, Ben noted it's not just the organisation of the animals that proves to be difficult. He explained the size of some of the pigs can make some people "nervous". The All Creatures Great and Small boss commented: “They’re quite scary, as well. They’re big pigs. "Putting an actor in with a big pig gets a lot of people very nervous, regardless of how brave/stupid the actor may be, and keen to do it. It’s not a good thing. "Buttercup took some getting, and she actually is a really friendly, calm, lovely, sweet pig, which is how we were able to do it in the end. DON'T MISS...Susanna Reid asks Zahawi 'Have you seen the impact on state schools?' [WATCH]Holby City’s David Ames shares emotions on BBC drama ending [MUST SEE]EastEnders Bernie Taylor star shares disappointment over co-star exit [INSIGHT] "She was a great pig, and fast as well. I love that pig so much," Ben told PBS. Ben described the practicalities of how the show is filmed as "mind-blowing". The writer confessed he was surprised when he first realised how difficult the show is to make and saw the amount of work the production team has to get through. He noted that while viewers may not realise the level of work that goes into the show, even doing a small scene can take a lot of organisation. Channel 5's retelling of All Creatures Great and Small has been a hit with viewers so far. Fans have enjoyed two seasons of the show and additional Christmas special episodes. A third season of the period drama is also in the works, although a release date has not yet been announced. All Creatures Great and Small seasons one and two are available on My5.