Former Everton playmaker James Rodriguez has put Toffees boss Frank Lampard on high alert by dropping another hint on returning to Merseyside one day. The 2014 World Cup Golden Boot winner ditched Goodison Park for Qatar less than six months ago, although he seemingly views his long-term future away from the Middle East. Everton has been a club of drastic change over the past few months. In the dugout, Carlo Ancelotti upped sticks after getting a call from Real Madrid last summer, Rafa Benitez did not last long as his replacement, and Frank Lampard has now been given another chance in Premier League management. Somewhere in that mess, Rodriguez also made way when Qatari side Al Rayyan came calling back in September. The 30-year-old had shown his quality in brief flashes on Merseyside, with the occasional magic touch demonstrating to Everton fans why he had enjoyed stints with Bayern Munich and Los Blancos among others. JUST IN: Man Utd backed to axe Harry Maguire in summer with two stars ready to step up - EXCLUSIVE He has scored five and assisted five in the 12 games since, but the player himself seems reluctant to rule out a return to Goodison Park amid claims that Benitez effectively pushed him out. In a strikingly open response, Rodriguez recently addressed the prospect of a blockbuster return.  He said on Twitch: "I don't know, that would be a possibility, why not? "If they want, I would be totally open to that, the issue is that they want to, I didn't have any problem with anyone there, I went well before." DON'T MISS...Tottenham flop Bryan Gil lifts lid on reasons for disappointing spellDonny van de Beek explains view on proving Man Utd ‘wrong’ at EvertonJoao Felix spotted at Carabao Cup final amid Arsenal transfer rumours   The Colombian's latest admission comes just a matter of days after asserting that he wanted to stay at Goodison Park, and Benitez was the driving force behind his exit. "Of course I would go back to Everton," he claimed, again on Twitch.  "I wanted to stay there but the manager didn't want to count on me. Until the last day I was super-professional and I trained to the fullest." While it may provide Lampard with food for thought, the former Chelsea boss may wish to put such matters on the back burner until the summer, with more pressing matters to attend to at present. With 14 games left of the Premier League season, the Toffees sit in a precarious position, one point above the relegation zone. They can boast at least one game in hand on those around them, but with just six wins in 24 this campaign, converting them into points is far from guaranteed. In January, Everton appointed Lampard and handed him household names such as Donny van de Beek and Dele Alli to mount a final push for safety. If successful, it remains to be seen whether a Rodriguez return will perk the club's interest during the summer. 