Following the controversial end to the last season in Abu Dhabi, which saw Max Verstappen steal the world title during the final lap of the race, new rules have come into force for the new F1 season to close gaps in controversy and hopefully make the races more exciting and unpredictable. The new rules for the new season have led to a "fascinating" variety of car designs, with Hamilton’s stirring a particular buzz. F1 changes its technical specifications every couple of years, and this season, there has been a reduction in technical freedom teams have in altering their cars. This move by Formula 1 and the FIA was intentionally made to make teams adopt similar car designs, ensuring there are no huge performance gaps and could make for closer competition. Named the W13 and back in its traditional silver livery, Hamilton’s new car has been designed to F1's new technical regulations, as Mercedes strives to push its winning streak of eight constructors' championships to a ninth, and reclaim the world title from Verstappen. However, with the new rule shakeup, anything could happen. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff said: “The hopes are we have a competitive car … it's not a given with the new regulations. “We say we want to win another title, but we don't even know if we're going to be in the hunt for a new title.”  READ MORE: Hundreds of fans to boycott Bahrain Grand Prix  Described as a “revolution”, the F1 has been attempting to create a race car that could provide closer, fairer and cleaner racing for the future of the sport - calling for a huge overhaul in aerodynamics. In the past, it’s been noted that drivers found it difficult to closely follow others on track due to the dirty air produced by the car in front. The dirty air would cause the cars to lose grip and left them with a 55 percent downforce when following another car. This created less overtaking on the track and fewer challenges. Now, the cars have to be much cleaner with their designs, as F1 created a new blueprint for teams to follow. The bodywork of the cars has to be simplified, and a large percentage of the downforce has to be created underneath the car. Mercedes Formula 1 technical director Mike Elliott said: "The aerodynamic changes are so big, they completely influence the packaging of the car and where you want to put certain components.  "Compared to last year, we've basically only carried over the steering wheel; otherwise, it's all-new, and that's primarily a consequence of these new aerodynamic rules." Lewis Hamilton talked up his new car, saying: “We don't make mistakes. "There's a lot of very intelligent people back at the factory and I trust them 100 percent. “Every year's exciting, but of course [in] previous years, it was an evolution of the previous year's car; in this one, it's completely brand-new. “So I think it's the most exciting [pre-season], and again, you have absolutely no idea where you stand."  DON'T MISS: Red Bull boss Christian Horner praises Mercedes rival Toto Wolff [INSIGHT] Bahrain GP: Where F1 season opener could be won or lost by Hamilton [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton's strict diet and exercise regime to keep in shape [EXPLAINED]    Hamilton’s W13 design - particularly the new sidepod feature, could give him a significant pace advantage. The sidepods are significantly indented, with everything from pipes to radiators packed inside, with a smaller opening for cooler air. A clean and fast delivery of air to the back of the car while preventing air from escaping around the sides is the ultimate goal, as the air escape slows down airflow. The 'venturi' tunnels underneath the W13 car floor will allow a faster airflow, resulting in the car producing more downforce, increasing mechanical grip through corners making it go faster. The ‘no sidepod’ design will maximise the cooling, which make a huge impact on the overall aerodynamics and according to Corriere dello Sport, simulators of the car showed a 'monstrous' upturn in performance, with 'already legendary gains'.  However, a number of teams have expressed concern about the side-pod structure. Red Bull’s Christian Horner reportedly told German outlet Auto Motor Und Sport: “The new Mercedes violates the spirit of the regulations. For us, some parts are not legal." Red Bull later issued a statement saying: “Christian Horner has not given any interviews regarding Mercedes' car. Any quotes being attributed to him this morning are incorrect.” F1's managing director of motorsports Ross Brawn said: "I think there's no doubt that the Mercedes concept we didn't anticipate. "It's a very extreme interpretation of the regulation." However, it has been confirmed the car is legal but if more than eight teams protest, the design may have to be changed during the season. 