Savers have been disheartened over the last two years by low interest rates, but things appear to be on the up. Virgin Money is drawing attention to its M Plus account, which it describes as its “most popular” offering. One of the most attractive elements of this account is the interest rate - 2.02 percent. This is available, and paid monthly, on balances up to £1,000. But the account is also linked to the M Plus Saver, offering a 1.00 percent AER rate on savings up to £25,000. Any balances above £25,000 will have an interest rate of 0.50 percent. READ MORE: PIP payment dates will change next month - when will you be paid? Virgin Money’s website remarked of the account: “Things just got interesting!” But savers could also benefit from a gift worth £100 - a voucher for Virgin Experience Days. The voucher offers the opportunity for Britons to indulge in a wide range of activities such as afternoon tea, spa days, skydiving and more - which they can choose via the designated website. There are also other added ‘perks’ for those who are managing their money in this way. DON'T MISS‘It’s a real struggle!’ Widow, 70, fears rising cost of energy bills [ANALYSIS]Pension death benefits may be targeted in spring statement [EXCLUSIVE]Universal Credit and PIP claimants alerted to vicious scams [WARNING] Virgin Money also has an app and online service which it describes as being “packed full of clever tools” to help people look after their money. Those who travel abroad will not be charged for spending on their card or withdrawing cash. In addition, over 32 million places worldwide welcome the Virgin Money debit card - also enabled for Apple Pay and Google Pay. Finally, subject to status, Britons may also be able to unlock an arranged overdraft. The account is also protected by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS). This means all deposits up to a value of £85,000 are protected should the worst happen. It will also be important for hopeful customers to check their eligibility - but fortunately this appears relatively straightforward. Customers must be 18 or over and live in the UK in order to apply. The offer can be taken up by those who don’t already have an M, M Plus or Club M current account. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea They also must not have closed one recently - since November 30, 2021. For the switch offer, a person must also have not previously taken up a Brighter Money Bundle or Virgin Red points offer for switching. To take up the offer, individuals must apply online and then follow key steps within 45 days of their account opening date. They must fully switch their existing current account to Virgin Money using the Current Account Switch Service. Then people should download and login to the Virgin Money Mobile Banking app. Finally, they will need to pay at least £1,000 into their linked saver account and keep it there until they receive a reward email.