Sergiy Kyslytsya appeared before the United Nations and printed off a tweet from Sergey Lavrov which suggested the invasion of Ukraine was to prevent war from breaking out in the region. Mr Kyslytsya suggested the Russian minister should call "111" and speak to the NHS mental health service as he believed he needed "help". The comments also drew the ire of many celebrities and politicians online who lambasted the Russian department for claiming their invasion was justified. The Russian Embassy in the UK tweeted out a message from Mr Lavrov who played down the Ukrainian conflict. It read: "The goal of Russia's special military operation is to stop any war that could take place on Ukrainian territory or that could start from there." Mr Kyslytsya printed off the tweet to show to the United Nations security council and was astounded at the claim. He said: "The Russian embassy in London, retweeted by the Russian Foreign Ministry. "Let me remind the Russian diplomats that in London, in case of need for mental help, you can dial NHS line 111. Thank you." Mr Kyslytsya has ridiculed Russian diplomats in the past and told Russia's ambassador to the UN, Vasily Nebenzya, that war criminals "go straight to hell". Mr Nebenzya appeared before the United Nations who voted overwhelmingly to condemn Russia for its invasion last week. He told the assembly: "This [vote] will not allow us to end military activities, it could embolden Kyiv radicals and nationalists to continue to determine the policy of their country at any price.  “Holding peaceful civilians hostage, but not in the figurative sense of the term, but in the literal sense of it. “That is what is happening in a series of cities in Ukraine where people are being used as human shields.” Putin claims his "special operation" in Ukraine is to get rid of the "neo-Nazi government" that leads the country. He claims communities in the Donbas region have been persecuted by the regime and is attempting to create peace for them. The Russian Duma voted last Friday to enact a law punishing those spreading "misinformation" about Ukraine with 15 years in prison. DON'T MISS Ukrainian Embassy in London under 'massive' cyberattack [BREAKING]Putin gives off 'weak' energy with major ‘tantrum’ [INSIGHT]UK was first on Russia shows Scot and NI independence can't happen [ANALYSIS]   These can range from calling it a "war" or reporting Russian losses. Independent outlets in Russia have been closed down with TV Rain and Echo of Moscow radio being the latest broadcasters going dark. State-sponsored outlet Russia Today has been reporting the invasion is an act of self-defence and that Ukraine could harbour nuclear weapons. In the lead-up to the invasion, Putin was angry at NATO's expansion towards the east and Ukraine's potential membership. Russia has attacked NATO for expansion and has felt threatened by its growth with Ukraine's membership meaning the alliance would be right at Russia's border without a buffer state. 