Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has outlined his frustrations after seeing his side lose 1-0 at Middlesbrough in the fifth round of the FA Cup on Tuesday. Nineteen-year-old substitute Josh Coburn scored the only goal of the game in the second half of extra-time. Spurs' wait for major silverware goes on, with their last trophy success over 14 years ago.  Tottenham were huge favourites heading into the match and Conte arguably selected his strongest XI possible. However, Boro were more than deserving of their win and easily could have scored more, particularly in extra-time. Chris Wilder's side lacked composure in front of goal before Coburn came up with the goods in the 107th minute. Matt Crooks fed the teenager in on goal and he fired high and past Spurs goalkeeper Hugo Lloris from a tight angle. TOP STORY: Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich 'considering selling club' with three bidders ready  Conte was understandably disappointed with the result and said Spurs allowed Boro to grow too much confidence in the game. "For sure the result is not good and we have to be frustrated," he told the BBC. "It was a pity because in these types of games you have to start and kill your opponent. "If you give them hope, they will take confidence and improve during the game. Then anything can happen." DON'T MISSJurgen Klopp risks escalating situation with 'angry' Liverpool stars after Carabao Cup win [COMMENT]Man Utd backed to axe Harry Maguire in summer with two stars ready to step up [EXCLUSIVE]Everton boss Frank Lampard receives personal phone call apology over Rodri handball [NEWS] The Italian was keen to credit his Championship opponents on the win. But he says there is plenty of work to do in order to turn around Spurs' fortunes. Conte continued: "First of all, it is important to say that Middlesbrough played a good game, deserves respect and congratulate them for the win. "We have to reflect on our performance and on the game we played. "These type of games, in these trophies away from home, you have to try to kill the game quickly.   "Your opponent has to understand that the night will be difficult, instead we can do much better and in the end Middlesbrough deserved to go to the next round. "This is part of our process. I repeat, we have to try to avoid the up and down, up and down and there is only one way to improve the situation is to work and learn about the defeat. "We have to go ahead and we will try to do our best this season." Conte was also asked about his long-term future at the club but was non-committal. He replied: "We have to give our best for the rest of the season, then we will see what is our position and the evaluation of our season. "It is early to say something about this." Meanwhile, goalscorer Coburn described the night as one of the best moments so far in his fledgling career. Coburn told the BBC: "Speechless. In front of the Riverside Stadium, cannot get better than that against a Premier League team. "I hit it as hard as I could and thankfully it went in. Up there with the best (moment of career), just amazing. I can't put it into words. "In the training ground, all the lads are buzzing. The fans are getting behind the players too. "Hopefully we can continue it and get another big team in the next round." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 