GTA 5 for the PS5 and Xbox Series X and S is out next week, and the price of the next-gen versions may leave you surprised. Pre-orders for Grand Theft Auto 5 for the PS5 and Xbox Series X and S, as well as the standalone version of GTA Online, are available right now with preload live as well. If you're a PS5 gamer you'll be able to get GTA Online for free for the next three months, while other editions all have a huge price cut right now. Right now PS5 gamers can get GTA Online plus the Story Mode for £8.75, with this price going to £34.99 after June 14. The standalone version of GTA Online, which is free for PS5 gamers for the first three months of its release, will be £17.99 after June 14. If you're an Xbox fan, GTA Online for Series X and S is available for the reduced price of £8.99 right now. And you can get both the GTA Online and Story Mode for £17.49 together on Xbox. After June 14 this will go up to £17.99 and £34.99 respectively. The PS5 and Xbox Series X and S versions of GTA 5 have a release date of March 15 with preload and pre-orders available now.  These new versions will come with a number of exclusive features such as a new graphics modes including up to 4K resolution, a framerate of up to 60FPS, improved texture qualities, HDR options and ray tracing, faster loading times and 3D audio. If you have GTA V on PS4 or Xbox One you'll also be able to migrate your progress via the Rockstar Games Social Club. For anyone new to GTA Online, the PS5 and Xbox Series X and S editions will introduce a new feature called Career Builder. Describing this, Rockstar Games said: "GTA Online on the newest generation of consoles will feature the Career Builder. This is designed to give new players — or anyone who wants to reset their character and get a fresh start — a helpful leg-up in the criminal world of Southern San Andreas.  "With the Career Builder, you’ll enter GTA Online with a business property, a vehicle, and a weapon — with room to add useful upgrades and a little extra GTA$ to begin. "Choose from a selection of the most popular criminal career paths in GTA Online: Biker, Executive, Nightclub Owner, or Gunrunner. From there you’ll receive a GTA$4,000,000 bankroll to put towards acquiring the essentials. Picking one of these four careers will ensure you have a business property and a huge range of missions and gameplay to embark upon immediately — and you can of course expand and dabble in new careers as you progress. "After selecting a career, use your newfound GTA$4M windfall to acquire start-up essentials from across a wide range of properties, vehicles, and weapons. You can select from the basics — a non-upgraded business property, alongside a simple weapon and vehicle combination — or you can opt for business properties complete with upgrades and customizations, high-end vehicles, and enough weapons to fill a Gun Locker. It all depends on how you want to spend your dispensation, and you can bring a maximum of GTA$1,000,000 from this with you into GTA Online." 