Piers Morgan has weighed in after Will Smith’s behaviour at last night’s Oscar sparked uproar. The actor appeared to slap comedian Chris Rock in the face after he made a joke about Will’s wife Jade Pinkett Smith’s alopecia. In his column for The Sun, Talk TV star Piers said the incident was the “most outrageous things [he’d] ever witnessed at any awards show” including John Prescott having water thrown over him at the 1998 BRITs. But the former Good Morning Britain host admitted he wasn’t surprised Will responded how he did to a perceived jab about Jada’s hair loss. Piers interviewed Jada a few years ago for CNN, and her husband arrived in tow, unannounced. “Before we started, [Will] warned me: ‘Don’t upset my wife, Mr Morgan, you wouldn’t like me when I’m angry,’” Piers recalled. He continued: “And when Will Smith, who’d initially laughed at Rock’s routine, saw how upset his wife was by the comment, it stung him too. And he chose to defend her honour.” Piers added: “He was standing up for his wife, the woman from whom he blew off the dust when she was going through a rough time, and said he was going to make shine, and created a safe space for her to get healthy and to grow and define herself.” The TV host added that while he “didn’t condone violence” it was “just a slap” - but that if Chris knew about Jada’s alopecia pain, he deserved it. The altercation began when Chris said to Jada: "Jada, I love you. GI Jane 2, can’t wait to see you." He was referring to GI Jane, the Demi Moore film in which she had a shaved head. Jada’s head is also now shaved due to her battle with alopecia, something she admitted was extremely difficult to deal with. Will initially laughed at the comment, while Jada looked disappointed - but moments later, Will stood up and approached Chris on the stage, before appearing to slap his face. Sitting back down in his chair, the Fresh Prince actor said: “Keep my wife’s name out your f***ing mouth.” DON'T MISS... Jane Seymour, 71, showcases ageless beauty in plunging green gown[LATEST]Strictly's Aljaz leaves co-stars heartbroken as pro bids farewell[TV]Aled Jones' daughter Emilia puts on risqué display in gold dress[PICTURES] “Wow, Will Smith just smacked the s**t out of me,” said Chris, looking shocked. “Wow, dude. It was a G.I. Jane joke,” he added. Later on in the evening, Will won the Best Actor gong for his role as Richard Williams in King Richard. “I want to apologise to the Academy, I want to apologise to all my fellow nominees,” he said, while crying on the stage as he accepted the award. “This is a beautiful moment and I’m not crying for winning an award. It’s not about winning an award for me,” he continued. “It’s about being able to shine a light on all of the people.” He added: “Art imitates life. I look like the crazy father, just like they said. I look like the crazy father just like they said about Richard Williams. But love will make you do crazy things.” The star later appeared to joke about the incident on Instagram, posting a photo with Jada captioned: “You can't invite people from Philly nowhere”.