Gardening expert Daisy Payne regularly appears on This Morning to dispense her garden know-how. The gardener grows gorgeous plants, veg, and fruits in her garden. However, Daisy is a fan of plants in the home too, and has some house plant hacks for indoor gardening novices. Houseplants can be tricky. It's not always easy to understand the care they want. Daisy has a weekly tip to keep your houseplants at their best. She told Express.co.uk readers: "I love houseplants! If you’re working at home right now, make sure you’ve got some lovely house plants in the room with you while you're on video calls galore. READ MORE: Gardening expert secret to keep orchids alive and to avoid 'killing them with kindness' "They’re proven to improve your mood and lower any stress you’re feeling. They definitely help my mood." So how does she keep her house plants happy? Daisy said: "Watering house plants is part of my weekly routine." Instead of watering each plant with a can, Daisy lets them soak in the sink. DON'T MISS'Really good tip': House plant watering hack [EXPERT] Avoid highly recommended orchid tip gardening expert says [WARNING] How to keep house plants alive - 'ideal temperature' [HACK] She explained: "I pop them in the sink and gently run the tap so that they’re soaked through and then able to drain off in the sink. "After about 15 minutes or so, I then pop the plants back in their pots. "This way, their roots aren’t soggy and have drained off nicely." For plants that can't fit in the sink, Daisy has an inventive option. "If you have bigger house plants, pop them in your shower or bath and use the same technique," she says. Daisy recently detailed a "barrier" tip to get rid of slugs. The gardener uses an organic method to deal with gastropods and prevent them from eating young plants. She told Express.co.uk: "When I first started gardening I really couldn’t work out why everything I planted in my borders was getting nibbled and becoming non-existent. "Well, that was thanks to slugs. To prevent this, for all the new plants I put into borders, for example, I surround the young plant with a barrier of wool pellets."