Kate Middleton stunned royal fans in her second outfit of the day during St David’s Day, after visiting Abergavenny Market earlier today. This afternoon she is touring both Abergavenny and Blaenavon in Wales and looks absolutely fantastic in a green SportMax coat. The long belted green coat looked so lovely on Kate which she paired with a green turtleneck top and black jeans.  The Duchess last wore this coat on Christmas Day in 2015 where she debuted the green wool coat by the Max Mara label. She later wore the coat during a visit to Edinburgh in 2016. Before selling out, the coat last retailed at Farfetch for a whopping £940. For footwear, Kate donned her black Aquatalia ankle boots.  The black boots have three and a quarter inch black heels and a shining silver buckle which look great on the Duchess. Kate has been wearing these boots for over 10 years. The Duchess was first seen wearing them in Anglesey a month before her wedding to Prince William. The boots sold out back in 2011, however originally retailed for £119.36.   Just as the Duchess was this morning, she wore her daffodil accessory over the lapel of her stunning SportMax coat. This is in honour of St David’s Day, the national feast day of Wales. The Duchess also wore a pair of medium twist hoops in gold from Spells of Love, which cost a whopping £60. Royal fans flooded to social media in absolute praise for the Duchess’ second appearance of the day. Shop Spells of Love here.  Twitter user @RoxanneReaction wrote: “The colour, the fit, her hair, just stunning.” Another fan, @KiKiRoyalwatch added: “I really love this.” Royal fan @blissfultobeme said: “I need her boots like right now.” Similarly, Twitter user @pagerdan_ commented simply with: “Woah!”  Prince William and Kate both later left Abergavenny Market and greeted the crowds of royal fans. The Duchess’ perfectly curled hair was blowing effortlessly in the wind as she waved at the greeting crowds. Her sophisticated outfit came after she wore a jacket and Chelsea boots perfect for visiting the farm. She twinned with her husband Prince William who also wore an olive coloured jacket and a daffodil for the occasion. 