The second series of the Netflix show delivered just as much sexual tension, if not as much actual sex. The adaptation also made some significant changes to the original source material as it charted the torturous path to the marriage for the eldest Bridgerton and his feisty partner. Changing the English country gentry family of the Sheffields to the Sharmas was the most obvious difference but has little actual effect on the plot. However, the show did alter the dynamic of the central three-way, while respecting the final resolution in the books. Two epilogues on the page also describe exactly what the future holds for Anthony and Kate.   In the books, when Antony pursues Kate's half-sister Edwina, he does so with the determination to seek only a transactional, loveless match. Edwina, in turn, is entertained by his attention but actually has her eye on somebody else. The TV adaptation has ramped up Edwina's interest in Anthony to create a more dramatic three-way tug of love, but still ends with him falling in love with and marrying Kate. The books later describe what happens to their relationship and give an insight into when Anthony first started to see Kate as the woman he could fall in love with. It also confirms Edwina's own marriage.   The actual epilogue for the second Bridgerton novel, The Viscount Who Loved Me, picks up their lives in 1823, nine years after the main action is set. The date is important because it is Anton's 39th birthday. Ever since he was 18, when his father died from a bee sting at 38, the eldest Bridgerton had been convinced he would never live past that age himself. The epilogue opens with a typically gossipy post from Lady Whistledown about his birthday party which immediately gives a passing reference to Kate and Antony's son Miles, as well as mentioning "Mrs Bagwell (Lady Bridgerton's sister.)" From this, we know that Edwina has married Mr Bagwell. He is a scholar, specialising in archaeology and is only a 'second son', meaning he is not in line to inherit the bulk of his father's estate. In the epilogue itself, Anthony and Kate are at home, getting ready for bed the day after the party, which is his actual birthday. The glimpse of their life shows clearly their passion for each other has not diminished as they decide to celebrate him outliving his father between the sheets. The second epilogue features in Quinn's short story collection, The Bridgertons: Happily Ever After, and picks up their tale fifteen years after their marriage, in 1829. Quinn sets the antics around the annual Pall Mall game, which has become a tradition among the Bridgerton siblings. The short story open with a clear description that Kate and Anthony's physical passions remain as strong s ever. It then goes into detail about their ongoing battle for control of the prized black mallet. In among all the shenanigans, are some touching 'inner thoughts' from the couple. Anthony muses that he first developed feelings for Kate at the original Pall Mall Match: "The day he'd fallen in love. Not that he'd realised it at the time. Nor had Kate, he imagined, but he was certain that that was the day they had been fated to be together." The rest of the chapter is a catalogue of all the cheating and conniving that Kate and Anthony employ to try and rob each other of victory this year. Their combative natures and innate competitiveness clearly still drives their passion for each other. Despite their best efforts, neither wins the match but by then it doesn't matter. They've had their fun. After Kate ends up covered in mud, Anthony suggests a bath is in order. Taken together, of course. BRIDGERTON SERIES ONE AND TWO ARE OUT NOW ON NETFLIX 