Sean Lock had an illustrious career on the comedy circuit. With a well-established reputation, the stand-up star went on to win an array of awards including Best Live Comic at the British Comedy Awards back in 2000. Viewers tuned in to watch the National Comedy Awards on Channel 4 when Bill Bailey paid a heartfelt tribute to Sean along with other comics who had been inspired by the late funny man. Trying to keep his composure, Bill began: “I miss our walks, actually. “We used to go on walks all the time [to] talk about everything and anything. “I miss being able to just phone him up and ask him a question about something, get his advice. “That’s something which I really do miss because he was a real constant loyal friend like that. READ MORE:The Last Kingdom season 5: Stiorra star on huge milestone  “It almost feels like I’m missing some steadying influence now that he’s not around,” he told Channel 4 audiences. Later, the programme also saw the likes of Lee Mack, Jason Manford and Katherine Ryan honouring Sean. Speaking about the late comic, Jason remarked: “I could make the audience [laugh] but how do you get the comics to laugh? “He [Sean] just had that.”   While Lee beamed: “Sean was the kind of person where people would come out of their dressing room and everyone would have a look at the comedy store, you’d find the other comics seeing what he was doing. Earlier this year, Sean’s final appearance on Jimmy Carr’s 8 Out Of 10 Cats Does Countdown aired after the comedian died last August. When the credits began rolling at the end of the show, a picture of Sean appeared on the screen along with the message: "In loving memory of comedy legend Sean Lock, 1963-2021."   Jon Richardson, who was the captain for the other team on the Channel 4 show, took to social media after the programme was broadcast and highlighted how the news of Sean’s diagnosis had affected him. On Twitter, Jon wrote: “Watching Sean's last ep of Countdown I can see how upset I was knowing he was ill and how much that affected my performance, while Sean himself continued to be effortlessly hilarious. "A true comic to the end. “That's why he's trending on twitter and why he's so missed." (sic)  Sean, who was known for his surreal content and deadpan style, had also written and starred in the BBC sitcom 15 Storeys High. The comic’s agent told the PA news agency the star had “died at home from cancer, surrounded by his family”. The statement added: “Sean was one of Britain’s finest comedians, his boundless creativity, lightning wit and the absurdist brilliance of his work marked him out as a unique voice in British comedy.” He is survived by his wife Anoushka Nara Giltsoff, with whom he had two daughters and one son. National Comedy Awards are available to watch on All 4.