F1 fans are split on whether to give backing to the sport's new project in Las Vegas. Some fans have described the new street race as “epic” while others warn the track “doesn't look good”. Some fans have described the new street race as “epic” while others warn the track “doesn't look good”. F1 has raced in Las Vegas twice in the early 1980s but the new layout will be the first time cars take to the famous strip. The circuit will take in a host of famous locations to become a new crowning jewel in the sport’s calendar. The track will consist of 14 corners with F1 bosses boasting speeds of more than 200mph. Posting on Reddit, @jvstinf said: "I don't know about the racing aspect but it's going to look pretty damn cool on TV." READ MORE: Max Verstappen makes F1 break request for Las Vegas Grand Prix @minecraftboi324 added: "Hate it all you want but a F1 race through the strip is epic IMO." @EvilBananaMan15 also backed the race, adding: "Holy f*** they’re actually using the strip the madlads." Instagram users have also praised the new circuit with @joeywphoto adding: "This is gonna be FAST." However, the announcement has also been met with a fair amount of criticism with many not excited by the new circuit. Posting on Instagram, @connorbarnes23 said: "wow... that doesn't look good." @jainaarul added: "idk but I just don't like it." DON'T MISSDaniel Ricciardo planned to 'retire' before Las Vegas GP announcement [INSIGHT]F1 confirm new 200mph Las Vegas track for 2023  [ANALYSIS]F1 chiefs threaten to axe Monaco and Belgian Grands Prix [COMMENT] Instagram user @duncanhlc added "Bwoah what a boring track” while @michaelbimo__ said: "wow straight lines, I'm so excited." The race has been earmarked for November making it the third United States race on the calendar alongside Miami and Austin. The new race was formally announced at an event in Las Vegas on Wednesday night. Liberty Media CEO Greg Maffei praised the new location, adding Las Vegas will take F1 “to the next level”. He said: “Iconic Las Vegas and Formula One, the pinnacle of motorsport, is the perfect marriage of speed and glamour. Our confidence in this unique opportunity is evident in our decision to assume the promoter role for the Las Vegas Grand Prix in partnership with Live Nation. “We could not be more excited to work with our local partners to create a marquee event. The potential of Formula One has been well demonstrated over the last several seasons and the Las Vegas GP will only take it to the next level.”