John Gavin said he was relieved after the group were granted permission to remain in caravans on land in Preston that his family first moved onto almost 35 years ago. It was owned by Lancashire County Council but the authority started selling plots in 2019 and the Gavin family feared they would be evicted. Now it has emerged Labour-controlled Preston City Council will adopt the plots, so Mr Gavin and his family will be allowed to remain in the caravans. "The women and kids, in particular, are delighted. It’s about the security of the kids being able to carry on going to the same school, [while] the women…can remain among friends – it means such a lot to them," Mr Gavin said. "They all thought they were going to have to uproot themselves – and, don’t forget, 95% of them were born in Preston and grew up here. "There will be teething problems, I’m sure, but I think it will work out well. We’re just grateful to the city council and to everybody else for their support – and we are really thankful that we can stay." But the caravans and remote homes are right beside University of Central Lancashire and residential properties, reports Lancs Live. Mr Gavin said some of the local community had been supportive of his efforts to keep the family homes. He continued: "[It] was just unbelievable. Everybody got behind us – the residents, the university, the police and local businesses. If they were having problems with us, they wouldn’t have done that. But everyone down here is well behaved and it’s a quiet place to be. "We don’t have the expenses that Preston City Council have had in terms of overheads – so we can save. It wasn’t down to individual people at the council – there were just too many cuts and they haven’t got the staff to do the jobs. Now it will be run like a co-operative business – there will be trustees and everyone has a say. We will have a couple of meetings a year and everyone will get the chance to comment [on how the site is being run]." The man, who works as a warden on the site, said he was grateful to both authorities. It is believed the transfer of ownership from the county to the city council will not involve any money. Mr Gavin hopes the new set-up will help bring about what he says are much-needed “major repairs”. The family had previously said that they were not seeing their rental money invested in improvements to bring the site up to modern standards.  City council leader Matthew Brown said that the agreement reflected the authority’s community wealth-building objectives of encouraging "greater democratic ownership and management of local assets". He added: "Co-operatives – business enterprises owned by their members – can play a key role in this. The readiness of the community at Leighton Street to establish their own co-operative to run the site provided a very good fit with the council’s own approach and long-term principles. "Discussions are now under way between the city council and the Leighton Street Co-operative on the necessary arrangements for the management and operation of the site once the formal transfer is complete. "We will also be providing some support to establish the co-operative as a legal entity and provide training to its members in key areas of responsibility. Lancashire County Council said in 2019 that it estimated it could save £131,000 by offloading its interest in the site and two others in Lancaster and Hyndburn. The authority has been approached for comment about the newly-announced Preston deal. It is district councils like Preston, rather than top-tier authorities such as the county council, which are responsible for ensuring that there are sufficient traveller sites in their areas. The Leighton Street plot was previously a salt factory which was redeveloped in the mid-1980s to replace a traveller site on London Road after it closed down.   