Bruce Willis has made the decision to retire from acting after the Hollywood star was recently diagnosed with a brain condition that causes difficulties with language or speech. The Pulp Fiction star's family announced that he has been going through "challenging times" after being diagnosed with aphasia. Aphasia is when a person has difficulty with their language or speech and it's usually caused by damage to the left side of the brain, for example, after a stroke, according to the NHS. The 67-year-old's stunt double has since spoken out about the actor and suggested that he began to notice a change with Bruce over the past year. Stuart F. Wilson claimed that when he spoke with the Hollywood star he would get "sidetracked" mid-conversation. He also suggested that he knew an announcement would be made about Bruces' health at some point, but he didn't know when. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show The stunt double also shared that it became obvious that the actor was dealing with more than just forgetfulness. "Sometimes when you were talking to him, he just seemed sidetracked and we would think it would mean nothing but you would wonder if there are other things going on," Stuart told The Sun. Stuart and Bruce had last worked together on set in the second week of December last year. The stunt double has worked with the filmstar for the past 17 years.  Bruces' family shared the news of the actor's retirement via his daughter Rumer Willis' Instagram account yesterday. In view of her 902,000 followers, the statement began: "To Bruce’s amazing supporters, as a family we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities. "As a result of this and with much consideration, Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him." The statement went on: "This is a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support. DON'T MISS... Harry and Meghan's royal tour would be a success, claims Jane Moore[LATEST]BBC's Deborah James 'text Tom often' amid The Wanted star's death[TRIBUTE]Andrea McLean's family were forced to flee home as she aids Ukraine[EXCLUSIVE] "We are moving through this as a strong family unit, and wanted to bring his fans in because we know how much he means to you, as you do to him. "As Bruce always says, 'Live it up' and together we plan to do just that." The message was signed off: "Love, Emma, Demi, Rumer, Scout, Tallulah, Mabel, & Evelyn." According to the National Aphasia Association, the condition is an impairment of language, affecting the production or comprehension of speech and the ability to read or write. The association reports that the condition is due to injury to the brain, most commonly from a stroke, particularly in older individuals. Head trauma, brain tumors, or infections can also cause aphasia. Bruce has enjoyed a longstanding career in Hollywood which has spanned over 40 years and he has scooped a Golden Globe and two Emmy awards. He has starred in a number of film and television roles but is best remembered for playing John McClane in the iconic Die Hard movies.