Dancing On Ice star Brendan Cole was almost kept off the rink altogether after suffering a series of perilous falls over the weekend's rehearsals. Now he has taken to Instagram to reveal the full extent of his painful injuries. "A***-ice!" Brendan Cole exclaimed to his followers. "Rehabbing an ongoing injury that nearly stopped me skating on Sunday! "Thanks to the incredible @sharonmorrisonuk for keeping me and @vanessabauer_skates on the @dancingonice rink despite me trying my hardest to injure my hip by falling on it so many times. "Thank you Sharon!" READ NOW: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update The star posted a photo of himself alongside the text, which excluded his face, but displayed his now worse for wear body stretched out on the sofa with an ice-pack over his bottom. He inserted the word 'Cheeky!' over the top to preserve his modesty a little more, with a peach emoji alongside it. There's no denying that Dancing On Ice has been risky in the past. Due to his inexperience, Baz of the Happy Mondays was forced to teeter nervously with shin-pads, a helmet and a variety of other protective equipment to safely survive his first week on the show. Even host Phillip Schofield has admitted to the environment being perilous, previously commenting in the Sun: "I've watched a video of Bez on his second day fall over backwards so hard that his helmet flew off. "Dancing On Ice is really dangerous. [Contestants] really risk everything for it." He added earlier this year: "I think we will be wrapping Bez up in bubble wrap, that’s for sure". In last year's contest alone, there were three major injuries. DON'T MISS... Strictly's Katya Jones reaches out to ex Neil 'I hope you're proud!' [UPDATE] ‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence [INSIGHT] ‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [LATEST]  47-year-old Denise Van Outen suffered a dislocated shoulder and three bone fractures barely two weeks into the competition, leaving Phillip and co-host Holly Willoughby to look on helplessly. 31-year-old TOWIE star Billie Faiers also had a traumatic time, experiencing a terrifying head injury. Plus one of the 2022 contestants, Stef Reid, is living with a prosthetic leg from the knee downwards due to a previous accident on a boat, while her wheelchair racing husband Brent Lakatos was left permanently paralysed during a game of ice hockey aged just six. Despite this ordeal, Stef is braving Dancing On Ice this year. "Yes, skating is dangerous, but we do a lot of things in life that are dangerous,” she shrugged in quotes published in The Mirror. “Like taking a plane. We are constantly making assessments in our lives. "If you live constantly thinking of the worst case scenario I guess you won’t live.” It sounds as though Brendan is trying his best to be a good sport in spite of the obvious risks.