Attendance Allowance is a benefit paid to people who have a disability severe enough that they need someone to look after them. It provides a weekly amount to help with extra costs. Someone could get Attendance Allowance if they have reached state pension age and the following conditions apply to them: READ MORE: Benefits warnings: State pensioners could lose £358 a month if they fail to report to DWP In addition, they must also: DON'T MISS‘It’s a corker’ Martin Lewis shares way people can pay 24% less on their energy bills [MARTIN LEWIS]Council Tax 2022 calculator: Check how much YOUR bills are ratcheting up from April [TAX]Premium Bonds winners announced - have you won NS&I's £1million draw in March 2022? [ALERT] Claimants do not have to have someone caring for them in order to get Attendance Allowance. If they do have a carer, the carer may be able to claim Carer’s Allowance. However, people should be aware that Attendance Allowance does not cover mobility needs. People who live in care homes and have their care paid for by their local authority cannot usually claim, but if they pay for all their own care costs, they may be able to. Attendance Allowance is paid at two different rates depending on the level of care someone needs. The lower rate of £60 is paid to those who require frequent help or constant supervision during the day, or supervision at night. The higher rate of £89.60 is given to people who need help or supervision throughout both day and night, or who are terminally ill. Attendance Allowance is not means-tested and therefore the amount someone earns or how much savings they have will not impact their ability to claim. Recipients of Attendance Allowance can also increase their other benefits by claiming. They may get extra Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or Council Tax Reduction. Britons can use the Attendance Allowance claim form to apply by post. The form comes with notes which explains how to fill it in. The completed form can then be sent to Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance. A postcode or a stamp is not required. The Attendance Allowance helpline can be contacted on 0800 731 0122 to ask for a copy of the form.