The exclusive poll in this newspaper today highlights the growing concern about the cost-of-living crisis in this country. What is clear is that if the Government does not get a grip on this issue soon it will cost them the election. The fact is that filling up the car, the weekly food shop or even heating the house is becoming a challenge for too many people in this country. While we sympathise with the Chancellor over the issues he has had to deal with, not least a two-year lockdown of the economy and now a war in Europe, his Spring Statement lastWednesday failed to properly address the everyday issues people are facing. Raising the threshold on National Insurance and cutting fuel duty by 5p a litre were helpful but fell short of the big interventions people - including Tory MPs in red wall seats - are looking for. No wonder many of the respondents wondered why the tax cut promised before the next election cannot happen now. "Jam tomorrow" has never been a popular promise for a distrustful electorate. In the final judgment, the easiest way to achieve a cut in the cost of living is to reduce tax and let people spend their own money. In the end this is why people vote Conservative and the current Government needs to remember that. IT APPEARS that the unthinkable may have happened in Ukraine and that Putin's Russian forces may have been forced into some form of retreat.  Contrary to the expectations of a rapid victory with Russian tanks rolling over the Ukrainian resistance in days, the brave defenders of that country have held out and may now be turning the tide of war. Let us hope that generals and advisers around Vladimir Putin have the courage to tell him that he cannot win and an orderly retreat is the best option now. The fact that this is even a possibility is a tribute to the remarkable brave fighters in Ukraine. But our own country has played a vital part too. While EU countries prevaricated over Putin and lined Russia's pockets by buying more oil and gas, it was the UK which took the lead in training Ukrainian soldiers and supplying them with weapons. Brexit has had many surprising benefits but this one, via the decoupling of the UK from EU foreign policy, was possibly the least expected.  HERE at the Sunday Express we would like to thank all the mums, grandmothers, stepmums and foster mums for the wonderful things they do every day for their children. Happy Mother's Day to you all! 