Ellie’s partner Nat is on life support after he was hit by a car in Leeds last week during a night out with friends. The Gogglebox favourite who regularly appears alongside her sister Izzie is said to have been by Nat’s side since the accident. Understandably, bosses are said to have told Ellie to take any time she needs to be with Nat. Ellie, 31, has been on Gogglebox since 2015 when she first appeared with Izzie. This week, the star has missed filming to be with her boyfriend and will not appear on Friday night’s episode. A TV insider confirmed: “Ellie has been told to take all the time she needs. “Everyone on the show is hoping and praying Nat will be ok." READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role Viewers have seen them welcome children and pets throughout their time on the show and many fans have rushed to show their support for Ellie. Charlene Jones posted on Twitter: “Terrible news about Ellie’s boyfriend, hope he makes a good recovery #Gogglebox.” Claire Lou added: “@ellieandizzi Hope Nat is ok Ellie. Thinking of you. x #Gogglebox.” “Just seen the news about Nat, so horrible and devastating. My thoughts with Ellie and his family at this time. #Gogglebox,” Daniel Brown tweeted. Dara Howley continued: “Much love to Ellie Warner and everyone who loves Nat. #gogglebox.” Hannah McGahan added: “Get well soon Nat! Sending love to Ellie and her family, Ellie and Izzy are one of my favourites on #Gogglebox.” Earlier this week it was confirmed Nat is on life support following the car crash. West Yorkshire Police shared an update on the incident and gave an insight into how Nat is doing. DON'T MISS...Police give update on Gogglebox Ellie's boyfriend after horror crash [UPDATE]Gogglebox's Ellie Warner's boyfriend 'on life support machine' [LATEST]Piers Morgan's 'lucrative' GMB exit explained by co-star Rob Rinder [INSIGHT] A police representative said: “The pedestrian remains in a critical but stable condition in hospital and enquiries into the incident are ongoing.” According to reports Nat was hit by a white Seat Leon in Halton, Leeds while he was on his way home fro a night out at a local pub. The car had a smashed windscreen and dented roof and is reported to have continued for 100 yards before stopping. Nat is said to be suffering from suspected brain damage and requires the help of a life support machine. A friend close to Ellie and Nat told The Sun: “Nat is in intensive care with a broken neck, broken back, two collapsed lungs and possible brain damage. “He is on a life support machine and all the family and Ellie are obviously very worried for him.” Gogglebox continues Friday on Channel 4 at 9pm.