Vehicle Excise Duty (VED) is set to increase in line with inflation from April, with drivers seeing rising car tax charges. The planned increase in VED was outlined by the Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak in the Autumn Budget. VED will increase in line with the Retail Price Index which is used as a measure of inflation. The amount of VED that drivers pay is based on the CO2 emissions that their vehicle releases, meaning more environmentally friendly cars pay less money. VED is made up of two payments known as standard rate and first year rate. The first year rate is also known as the “showroom tax” and is based on the amount of CO2 it produced when the vehicle was built. READ MORE: DVLA issues warning to elderly drivers The standard rate is the annual renewal rate a driver pays yearly from then onwards. Cars with a list price of over £40,000 when new pay an additional rate of £355 per year on top of the standard rate, for five years. Alternative fuelled vehicles, including hybrids, bioethanol and liquid petroleum gas, pay £155 per annum. Costs have not changed for cars with a list price over £40,000 and alternative fuelled vehicles, with charges remaining the same since the tax year 2021 to 2022. DON'T MISSNumber plate changes hit the UK this week [INSIGHT]New car tax changes will hit petrol and diesel owners with daily fee [WARNING]‘Grotesque’: New parking law would see drivers hit with £550 charge [SHOCKING] The standard rate will increase by £10 for most cars which were first registered on or after April 1, 2017. For cars registered on or after March 1 2001, the standard rate will increase from anywhere between £5 and £30. The Government website also covers tax paid on company cars, which was also covered in the Autumn Budget. It states: “For all cars, drivers must add four percent to their appropriate percentage if the car is propelled solely by diesel (up to a maximum of 37 percent). “Cars that meet the Real Driving Emissions Step 2 (RDE2) standard are exempt from the diesel supplement.” This comes as the Driver and Vehicles Licensing Agency (DVLA) has urged drivers to pay their car tax on time through a new campaign. The hashtags “tax it don't risk it” and “tax it or lose it” have been distributed across the DVLA social media accounts. It warns drivers they need to pay their car tax, and provides information on how motorists can do this, using the DVLA website. Motorists will need a reference number from either a recent reminder (V11) or “last chance” warning letter, their vehicle logbook (V5C) or a green “new keeper” slip from a log book if the car has been purchased recently. Drivers must tax their vehicle even if they do not have to pay anything, for example if they are exempt because of a disability. They must also meet all the legal obligations for drivers before they can drive.