Every year in the UK we change our clocks on two occasions so that we can take full advantage of the daylight hours available to us. As we near the end of March, Britons will be putting their clocks forward, giving us lighter evenings. So, when exactly do the clocks move forward in the next couple of days? Mothering Sunday (March 27) will mark the day where the first clock change of the year will happen. In the UK the clocks always move forward on the last Sunday of the year, signalling the start of British Summer Time. For 2022 the clocks will move forward at 1am this Sunday.  READ MORE: Prince William 'riddled with anxiety gestures' during royal tour When the clocks move forward we will technically lose an hour of sleep between Saturday night and Sunday morning. That being said, the afternoons will become longer so if you’re not adverse to taking a lie-in you won’t really be affected by the change. We lose an hour of sleep because of the change in time-zone from Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) to British Summer Time (BST).  The origins as to why we change the clocks is somewhat a contentious issue, with the idea first proposed by inventor, Benjamin Franklin, in 1784. He came up with it in order for people to have an extra hour of sleep when the vast majority of workers were involved in agricultural labour. More than a century passed until a builder, called William Willett then pushed for the idea to be taken more seriously.  DON'T MISS: Thousands of Britons plunged into 'total darkness' [EXPLAINED]Fuming BBC QT audience member demands Tories resign from power [WATCH]UK troops graves daubed with Russian Z symbol [NEWS] Mr Willett campaigned for the clocks to change until his death in 1915, and a year later, during World War One, he got his wish. BST was introduced via the Summer Time Act 1916 as a way to save fuel and money. Ordinarily, most phones and digital devices will jump from 1am to 2am without you needing to do anything. However, you should still check any watches and house clocks before you go to bed. When the time comes for the clocks to go back an hour to GMT it will happen later this Autumn, on October 30. Like when the clocks go forward they always go back on the last Sunday of the month to ensure as little disruption as possible. 