Members of the Royal Family choose their outfits very carefully as they often use them to express a specific idea or sentiment. According to fashion expert and personal stylist Samantha Harman, there is a reason behind why members of the Royal Family wear a specific colour. Interestingly, royal fans will see members of the Royal Family wearing the same colour multiple times. For example, Camilla Parker Bowles has worn a lot of green in recent months. The Duchess of Cornwall also owns many blue-coloured garments, and so does the Queen and Kate Middleton, according to Samantha. Blue is a versatile colour and has been associated with the Royal Family since the 1800s, when the name “royal blue” was first used. READ MORE: Orchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms This colour is said to be created in England by clothiers from Somerset who were participating in a competition to make a dress for Queen Charlotte, some time between 1810 and 1820. Even though the shade of blue associated with the name has changed over time, the name still exists today. Although, therefore, the colour is linked to royalty, members of the Royal Family wear it often for a number of different reasons. According to Samantha, Kate, Camilla, and the Queen all wear blue because “the three of them are similar in terms of skin tone and colour analysis”. DON'T MISS:How to upcycle your garden furniture: The six easy transformations [INSIGHT]‘Simple ways’ to help your lawn ‘look its best’ - ‘important’ [COMMENT]Monty Don shares top tips on pruning roses now - ‘prune hard’ [EXPLAINER] “And blue also makes their eyes pop,” the fashion expert added. But does the colour blue have a deeper meaning? Samantha continued: “In colour psychology, blue is associated with trustworthiness. “As the Queen steps back from public events, and has recently been unwell, thoughts are turning to the future. “Camilla and Kate will be well aware of the role they need to play, and every part of their public looks are planned meticulously. “Especially for a royal tour. “It’s no coincidence that they’re wearing more blue – blue means stability and reliability. “So, they’re conveying the message that the future is in safe hands.” Samantha is referring to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s royal tour of the Caribbean, which is currently underway. Kate and William landed in Belize on Saturday, March 19, and the Duchess opted for a royal blue skirt suit, covered in lace. She then changed into another blue outfit: a blue dress with hints of red and white. Even Kate’s favourite jewels are blue: she rarely takes off her sapphire engagement ring and often pairs it with sapphire earrings.