The Queen was greeted by Barack Obama and wife Michelle in 2016 for her 90th birthday as the world leader went for lunch with the monarch. But royal author Robert Hardman has since revealed how the Queen and Prince Philip took on the US Secret Service and won. The Duke of Edinburgh wanted to drive the Obamas despite the president's security team saying no. Speaking to BBC News, Mr Hardman said: "The Obamas wanted to come and be the first non-family people to say Happy 90th birthday to the Queen when she turned 90 in 2016. "They flew in by helicopter to Windsor Great Park and the royals wanted to pick them up in the park where they landed. "But the Secret Service said, 'no, we're the only people who drive the president' and it went right to the top. "It's the only time in the entire Obama presidency when the couple were driven by someone other than a White House agent, they were driven by Prince Philip with the Queen in the back with Michelle." READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's stepson Wolfie in heartbreaking remark Presenter Naga Munchetty added: "I love that the Secret Service went up against the Queen and never let it be in doubt that the Queen won." Obama’s secret service is said to have been “terrified” when the then 94-year-old took the wheel. The then-president said later: “I have to say I have never been driven by a Duke of Edinburgh before, but I can report it was very smooth.” Philip surrendered his driving licence in 2019 but Buckingham Palace confirmed if he was to drive on private royal estates, it will be in “accordance with all relevant regulations". Philip was involved in a serious crash near the Queen's Sandringham estate in January 2019. His Land Rover overturned after colliding with a Kia, carrying two women who suffered minor injuries, and a nine-month-old baby who was unharmed. The accident was treated as a “critical incident” due to the global interest in the case and police investigated as they would any accident of its kind. Philip's decision to give up his licence came days after he was pictured driving without a seat belt. DON'T MISS Prince Harry book: Kate set to be 'disrespected' as concerns raised [INSIGHT]Worrying reason why Queen missing Commonwealth Day service [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan slammed as Sussexes 'respond to issue of the day' [ANALYSIS] In a statement, Buckingham Palace said: “After careful consideration, the Duke of Edinburgh has taken the decision to voluntarily surrender his driving licence.” The Duke did take responsibility for the crash. In a letter written to one of the women in the car, he wrote: “I would like you to know how very sorry I am for my part in the accident. “The sun was shining low over the main road. In normal conditions I would have no difficulty in seeing traffic coming... but I can only imagine that I failed to see the car coming, and I am very contrite about the consequences.” He signed it “Philip”, and handed in his licence to the DVLA.