Dominic is taking centre stage in a brand new storyline on Emmerdale as his best friend, Marlon Dingle (played by Mark Charnock) recently suffered a stroke. In the coming weeks, the village vet will have to support his former lover, Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry), as she tries to care for her fiancé following his health scare. The actor has starred in the ITV soap alongside his wife before as she is well known for playing several roles in British television dramas. The actor has been married to his wife, Joanne Mitchell, since 2003, but the pair knew each other years before they tied the knot as they both attended The Bristol Old Vic Theatre School. As well as Dominic being given celebrity status because of his role on the show, Joanne is a familiar face to many in her own right. Not only has she appeared on television but the actress has also held roles in a variety of film and stage productions. With both husband and wife having a career in acting, in 2011 they set up their own company called Mitchell Brunt Films. They now live together in a rustic cottage in Yorkshire, meaning the actor doesn't have to travel too far when going to work on set. READ MORE: Coronation Street matriarch Aggie Bailey dead as Abi takes revenge? In 2018, Dominic spoke about working with his wife on a project, aside from playing the character of Paddy in a big storyline at the time. The actor said: "My wife and I have been very lucky in that we set up making feature films as a couple eight years ago and we continue to successfully deliver a feature every two or three years as a commercial enterprise. "Our first film Before Dawn plays at The Square Chapel, Halifax arts centre as part of a double bill with Night of the Living Dead," he told The Yorkshire Post. He also told the publication what his and Joanne's idea of a perfect weekend would be, stating: "We walk the dogs a lot. "There’s a huge sprawling moorland directly above us which stretches over to Haworth. They say in London you’re never more than 6 feet away from a rat but in Yorkshire, you’re never more than 20 minutes away from the most beautiful places on this earth." Joanne has also cropped up in Emmerdale, playing four characters over the years in storylines that have not been directly associated with her husband. The actress first featured on the show the year she married Dominic when she played the role of DC Barnborough for a couple of episodes. It wouldn't be until three years later in 2006 the soap star would appear again on the weeknight serial drama, this time playing Midwife Yeo. In 2009, she was seen on-screen as a character called Susan Davies, before taking over the role of Liv Flaherty's (Isobel Steele) mother Sandra Flaherty in 2016. During this stint on the show, she was heavily involved with Aaron Dingle (Danny Miller), who was like a son to Dominic's character Paddy. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Jeff Hordley's wife on 'weight of what's going on at home' [COMMENT]Emmerdale’s Samantha Giles rushed to hospital with mystery illness [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'covered in bruises and shame’ after fall [COMMENT] The last time Joanne appeared on the soap was last year when her character's daughter faced her demons with alcoholism. Sandra has not been seen since but viewers might also recognise Joanne from her days on Emmerdale's rival soap, Coronation Street. In 2009, she was seen playing the role of a sonographer but it wasn't until 2018 when she would Marsha Westbrook in a dramatic storyline. This character was the wife of Neil Clifton (Ben Cartwright), who groomed and sexually abused Bethany Platt (Lucy Fallon). Marsha arrived on the cobbles as her daughter, Kayla Clifton (Mollie Winnard), wanted revenge for her father being put in prison. Joanne's list of roles does not stop there as she has also featured in episodes of Waterloo Road, Doctors, A Touch of Frost and Holby City. The actress has also appeared in Casualty, Bad Girls, Heartbeat and Justice but she has also had a fair few roles away from the screen. Dominic's wife has appeared in various stage productions over the years, including Hamlet, Romeo and Juliet and Jungle Book. She has also secured roles in the likes of Macbeth, A Phoenix Too Frequent, Betrayal, Fallen Angles and A Sense of Justice. Some of her upcoming projects include roles in productions of Zomblogalypse and Pandora, which recently completed production. The couple have two children, both boys who are called Mickey-Joe and Danny-Lee, with the latter having had to undergo surgery when he was very young. At eight months old, Danny-Lee had to have a heart bypass and he has spoken candidly about the scary moment in the family's life. Speaking on ITV's This Morning, Dominic gave an update on his son's condition, explaining: "He's absolutely fine now. "At the time it's the most horrific thing to have to go through as a parent and obviously as a child, but he's football-mad now, he's completely fine. “He has check-ups once a year for the rest of his life, but thankfully Leeds Royal Infirmary were great and the children's heart surgery fund have been great." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.