Piers Morgan has branded Kim Kardashian, Kanye West and Pete Davidson “selfish” for their public row which has been playing out on social media in recent months. He called the trio “spoiled brats”, comparing their problems to the plight of the Ukrainian people after Russia invaded the country. While Kim Kardashian, Kanye West and Pete Davidson’s drama has made for some wild headlines in recent weeks, Piers took to his column in The Sun to slam the trio for forgetting just how lucky they are. “As we stand on the potential precipice of World War 3, all Kim Kardashian, Kanye West and Pete Davidson give a damn about is their own pathetically petty war, seemingly without a moment’s concern either for the welfare of the four young children caught up in their constant battles of b*tchy attrition, nor the far more important very real conflict causing such devastation in Ukraine,” he wrote. The Talk TV star continued: “The juxtaposition of these remarkably selfless Ukranians, led by their brilliantly inspiring President Zelensky, fighting for their very lives and freedom, and the remarkably self-absorbed likes of Kardashian, West and Davidson fighting each other for Instagram bragging ‘likes’ and TV ratings is so jarring it makes me want to physically puke.  “If only one positive thing emerges from the Ukraine war, other than a reminder of the awesome power of human resilience and spirit in the face of terrible adversity as epitomised by the Ukrainian people, let it be that we condemn the Kims, Kanyes and Petes to the dustbin of utter irrelevance where they belong.” Kim, 41, and Kanye, 44, split up in 2021, and she has since gone on to embark on a romance with 28-year-old comedian Pete, after they met when she hosted Saturday Night Live. Kanye is furious with Kim’s new relationship and has been publicly hitting out at the pair. He has criticised Kim’s parenting, irate that their eight-year-old daughter North has been using TikTok. As well as using social media to beg for Kim back and to complain he was unable to see their four children: North, Psalm, Chicago and Saint, Kanye has threatened Pete. The rapper decapitated and buried a model replica of the comic in a recent music video. He also sang lyrics about “beating Pete Davidson’s a**”. It all came to a head recently when Pete texted Kanye, demanding he stop making public jabs. DON'T MISS... Martin Lewis issues warning after addressing 'dangerous' issue [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan slams 'terrible mistake of letting Russia take Ukraine' [ANALYSIS]Strictly's John Whaite admits changing name after being mocked [UPDATE] Pete begged Kanye to “grow the f*** up” while Kanye made digs back about Pete’s past stint in rehab. While Pete told Kanye he had deliberately avoided mocking him on SNL and prevented his fellow actors from doing so, he couldn’t resist taking one savage swipe in the messages, which were leaked online. When Kanye asked Pete where he was, Pete replied with a beaming selfie and the message: “In bed with your wife.” Kim has mostly remained silent while Pete and Kanye spar, but she did react to her ex-husband’s claim that he wasn’t allowed to see their children. Kanye posted a photo of three badges, an alien, Kim and Kanye, on North’s rucksack. Alongside it, he wrote: “This was on my daughters back pack when I was “allowed” to see her last week. “This is why I go so hard for my family I am wired to protect my family at all cost As the priest of my home Don’t worry Northy God is still alive.” (sic) But Kim commented on the post: “Please stop with this narrative, you were just here this morning picking up the kids for school”.