 EastEnders fans have been keeping a close eye on Jean Slater (played by Gillian Wright) in recent months as she seems to be forming a romantic connection with Harvey Monroe (Ross Boatman). On Monday night’s episode of the BBC soap, the couple grew closer as they enjoyed some childlike fun on a bouncy castle Jean had hired for her grandkids. However, Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) wasn’t impressed with Jean’s behaviour and began worrying her health problems were returning. As Stacey’s concerns continue to increase, could she end up pushing her mother away? A new theory from Express.co.uk suggests Harvey may convince Jean to leave her life in Albert Square behind.   At the end of Monday night’s episode, Stacey pulled her mother aside for a chat about her behaviour. “Did the kids enjoy their surprise?” Jean asked her daughter. “No, they didn’t,” Stacey snapped, leaving Jean confused: “What? Why?” Stacey questioned: “Do you really not know, mum?” READ MORE: The Last Kingdom stars 'heartbroken' and 'exhausted' as movie wraps   Jean insisted: “I thought they had a brilliant time. We were all up there together bouncing and laughing.” “Do you know who was laughing? Everyone watching while you flashed your knickers to the world and his wife,” Stacey remarked. “No they weren’t,” Jean said, with Stacey hitting back: “Yes they were! “And you pushed Arthur. You hurt him,” she added.    In disbelief at what her daughter was saying, Jean said: “That is not true.” Stacey blasted: “Yes it is. The fact that you don’t even know that you left my son crying proves that it isn’t safe for you to be around the kids.” “What?” Jean questioned, stunned by Stacey’s comments. Stacey reiterated: “I don’t want you around the kids alone until you’re feeling better, calmer.” DON'T MISS...Ben Shephard stunned at historic Tipping Point win [WATCH]Peaky Blinders season 6: Duke Shelby to replace Tommy? [THEORY]‘Mortified!’ Jane McDonald recalls memory of ‘big event’ from youth [MUST SEE]  Clearly heartbroken, Jean asked: “Are you saying I can’t see my own grandchildren?” “You can see them, just not on your own,” Stacey explained. “Why would you do that to me? Why would you be so cruel?” Jean replied. Stacey said: “You’re not well. You need help. You need to see a doctor and until you do then you’re not seeing the kids.”    Jean is clearly devastated by what Stacey has said, but it’s unclear how she will respond. Will she try to prove she’s well enough to be around her grandchildren or could Harvey convince her to walk away? Jean will likely end up turning to Harvey as a shoulder to cry on as their bond grows deeper. Seeing how much Jean has been hurt by her daughter, could he convince her to cut Stacey out of her life? If so, Jean may end up leaving Stacey and her life in Walford behind by moving away from Albert Square. EastEnders continues Tuesday at 7:30pm on BBC One. 