The horrified pair are desperate to warn other pet owners about the risks facing pets, as they claim the treat landed their pooch needing medical treatment. Poor pup Albas was rushed to the vets on Tuesday, March 15, by his owners Pippa Wilson, 26 and Sam Hossein, 37, after he started vomiting and suffering from bloody diarrhoea. Ms Wilson said the illness came about just after he chowed down on a ham-flavoured bone she had bought from the discount store. The fuming dog lover is now urging others to do their research before they visit the same horror on their own pets. She also wants Home Bargains to pull the bones from its shelves. Ms Wilson told the Liverpool Echo: "The day after I gave him the bone, he was so unwell with vomit and diarrhoea and blood coming out of his back end. We thought he had a sickness bug with so much going around. "He was crying and was really poorly and we knew he wasn't right and my partner took him to work and he was vomiting and diarrhoea all over the shop. “He was straining like he was trying to go to the toilet but nothing was coming out. "That night he slept in the outhouse, he didn't want to come in the house I think because he knew he was making a mess everywhere. “I told my partner there was something really wrong. We took him to the vet and we couldn't believe it, the bill was going higher and higher. "The vet put her finger up his bum and said that the bone was there, inside him. It was very upsetting for the kids to see him like this, we thought we were going to lose him. We were taking photos of him thinking it was going to be the last time to get photos of him." An x-ray confirmed that pieces of the bone had become stuck inside the poor dog, tearing his intestines and other internal organs. Ms Wilson said: “They x-rayed him and found there was a lot of bone and he was bleeding from inside. His intestines were bleeding. I was so shocked, I didn't take it in. READ MORE: Entire London suburb faces being cancelled over 'colonialist' roots [ANALYSIS] "My partner told me to tell them to operate. He didn't care about the money, he wanted him to be ok. We couldn't let anything happen to him." The parents of three were faced with a £1,300 vet bill to save Albas’ life. The gruelling operation involved putting the dog to sleep while the bone shards were carefully extracted from his rear. Two weeks later, Albas is still recovering - but is not safe yet due to internal damage which has left the dog at risk of contracting a fatal infection called peritonitis. Ms Wilson said: "We had to syringe-feed him for days, food, water and he was on antibiotics. He's started to eat a little bit now. My partner has been sleeping downstairs with him. He's still bleeding and there's blood in his poo. “He's not better and there's a high risk of infection due to the cuts from the bones inside. The vet has said if he gets it, it's fatal and there's nothing they can really do about it. DON'T MISS: Angela Rayner ridiculed over Russia nuclear weapons claim [INSIGHT]Biden to snub trade deal over 'blood, sweat and tears' [REVEAL]MP rages at Sunak over Budget 'Nothing for WASPI women!' [ANALYSIS] "I'm panicking that he could catch this infection. It's early days and we have to wait because he could pick up and get worse again. The bone is really dangerous." After sharing the event on Facebook and receiving more than 18,000 reactions, some criticised Ms Wilson for giving the dog the bone in the first place, suggesting he was “two small”. However, she pointed out that he is not that small at 19 kilos, and added: “When you trust the retailer and shop there often, you don't expect it.” A Home Bargains spokesman said: "We were very sorry to hear of this unfortunate event, and we are liaising closely with the manufacturer and the complainant." Home Bargains stated that they were “very sorry to hear of this unfortunate event”, and were liaising closely with the manufacturer and the customer.