The Last Kingdom season five is on Netflix now and it marks the final outing for the historical TV drama. With this in mind, many of the characters' storylines were tied up and some important questions were answered. At the end of the series, fans were introduced to a young man named Osbert (played by Olly Rhodes).  The final instalment of the Anglo-Saxon series saw Uhtred (Alexander Dreymon) face his biggest threats yet. Having fallen out with old friend Brida (Emily Cox) in season four, she came back for revenge. In order to get back at Uhtred for betraying her, she wanted to cut off his bloodline. She started by castrating his son, Young Uhtred (Finn Elliot) and threatened to kill his daughter Stiorra (Ruby Hartley). After Young Uhtred was attacked, he raised questions about his father's third son. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom season 5 ending explained: What happened at the end? Uhtred had a child with his wife Gisela (Peri Baumeister) in the third season, and she died giving birth to him. After this, the baby boy was nowhere to be seen in season four and fans were wondering what happened to him. In the final episodes, hints are dropped that the missing son would make an appearance. Young Uhtred feared for the safety of his brother and his father replied with: "His time will come." In the show's penultimate episode, Uhtred called upon an old friend (name omitted to avoid spoilers) for support. He was keen to claim back Bebbanburg and fulfil his destiny, but he could not do it alone. On meeting with his friend, he asked if he could gain further support from a certain person. But his friend replied: "He is too young," perhaps referring to Uhtred's missing son. In the show's final moments, Uhtred's friend was seen walking towards Bebbanburg with Osbert. Osbert is in fact Uhtred and Gisela's son, and he had been in Uhtred's friend's care the whole time. DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom season 5: What happened to Uhtred's third son? [INSIGHT] Alexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married? [EXPLAINER] The Last Kingdom season 5: Who is Finan's wife? [INSIGHT] He had been kept out of the spotlight in order to ensure Uhtred's bloodline was never fully wiped out. As the pair are walking up the beach, Osbert is heard asking: "Why are we going to the fortress?" Uhtred's friend declares he is to meet the new "Lord of Bebbanburg". Osbert asks: "Why? Is this a trick to make me learn scripture?" "I know better than that, Osbert. I made a little inquiry and I think the new lord may be able to tell you something of your origins." This could be a setup for the character to play a huge role in the follow-up film, Seven Kings Must Die. The feature-length film will air on Netflix and it will bring Uhtred's journey to an end. The film could shine a light on what happened to Osbert whilst he was in hiding. An official cast list is yet to be announced so fans will have to wait and see if he makes an appearance.  The Last Kingdom season 5 is on Netflix now. The follow-up film titled Seven Kings Must Die is in the making.