Born in 1926, the Queen is the longest-living British monarch in history, as well as the nation's longest-serving. With the Queen's 96th birthday next month rapidly approaching, Express.co.uk explores what will happen when the Queen celebrates her 100th birthday in 2026, based on past precedent. The Queen Mother's 100th birthday was celebrated publicly with a special pageant in her honour in 2000. The Queen Mother was escorted by her grandson Prince Charles to Horse Guards Parade for the event, and it was attended by other members of the Royal Family and military regiments. The pageant was dubbed a "people's tribute" to the Queen Mother, and marching bands, carnival floats, dancers and orchestras took part in the proceedings. READ MORE: Queen’s Commonwealth ‘not crumbling just evolving’ - poll  Thousands lined the streets of London to pay tribute to the beloved royal matriarch, and the hectic event even included a 'human' birthday cake. The BBC reported at the time: "Thirty children, dressed as pieces of cake, emerged from the 25 foot-high 'cake' and handed real cakes to the audience." The Queen is likely to receive a spectacle of similar proportions when she turns 100. The Queen's birthday is already celebrated every June with Trooping the Colour, but the 2026 event will likely be extra-special given the significance of her reaching three digits.  The Queen Mother's 100th birthday in 2000 coincided with the dawn of a new millennium, and unique commemorative coins were released for the occasion. The Royal Mint struck a commemorative £5 coin to mark the milestone and it was designed by Ian Rank-Broadley, who also designed a previous coin portrait of the current Queen. The Queen Mother's 100th birthday was also celebrated with a commemorative £20 banknote. DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton's best Caribbean tour outfits in pictures [PICTURES]Wills and Kate's tour blow as 'republicanism set to grow' [ANALYSIS]Charles and Camilla follow in Queen's footsteps in Ireland [INSIGHT]  The Queen already appears on British coinage and banknotes, but the same idea of a commemorative 100th birthday note or coin could reemerge in a few years. The Queen's 100th birthday is also likely to be commemorated by the release of special stamps by Royal Mail. Traditionally, Royal Mail has honoured major milestones throughout the Queen's life. Most recently, the postal service has collated a selection of stamps and postcards to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee.  Throughout her reign, the Queen has issued birthday cards to people across Britain when they celebrate their 100th birthday. On the occasion of the Queen Mother's 100th birthday, the Queen penned a special tribute in the card she sends all centenarians, which read: "On your 100th Birthday all the family join with me in sending you our loving best wishes for this special day. Lilibet." But when the Queen celebrates her 100th birthday, will she send herself a birthday card? Only time will tell! 