Chelsea’s first game of the Roman Abramovich era began with delight and a statement victory over Liverpool, following a summer of spending under the Russian billionaire. Nearly 19 years later, the club’s future has been thrown into doubt and Abramovich — thousands of miles away — is nowhere to be seen. A dark cloud of uncertainty covered the club on Thursday after the UK government announced sanctions had been placed upon Abramovich in response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Abramovich’s assets have been frozen and, as a result, Chelsea have been seriously affected by the measures imposed, with no players able to be signed, contracts extended or income allowed while Abramovich remains in charge. It paints an entirely different picture to when Abramovich first arrived at the club in July 2003. The Blues had scraped into the Champions League on the final day of the season and in the first official game of the Abramovich era, they beat Liverpool at Anfield, with Abramovich applauding in delight. But after £1.5billion of investment, it seems his days as owner are numbered. On a difficult day for the club, they also had to face Norwich City and did their talking on the pitch with a 3-1 win at Carrow Road. Express Sport looks at how Abramovich’s first and potentially last games compare after his controversial reign at the west London club… JUST IN: Tuchel's thoughts on Chelsea's transfers emerge amid Abramovich saga Thomas Tuchel was defiant and assertive in his pre-match interview, insisting that his team would treat it like any other game and block out the outside noise. He looked focused — and so did his team. Wherever Abramovich may have been watching from, the 55-year-old would have been pleased to see two products of the club’s academy system at Cobham combine for the opener. Mason Mount curled in a corner and it was steered in at the front post by Trevoh Chalobah, sparking emotional celebrations from the Chelsea players. Cesar Azpilicueta admitted it had not been a “normal game” and their relief at opening the scoring was palpable. The former continued to impress and found the net himself with a stunning effort that flew into the top corner to double the advantage. It was a fitting nod to the exiled owner’s legacy that after pouring millions into revamping the academy and building a new training complex that Mount and Chalobah would shine. Even if Abramovich once felt that signing star names such as Andriy Shevchenko and Fernando Torres were pivotal to success on the pitch, Mount and Chalobah proved here that local talents are just as crucial. MUST READFour key questions for Chelsea about Abramovich sanctionsChelsea sponsorship suspended as club schedule government talksChelsea break silence on Abramovich as they explain plan Five new signings featured on that day against Liverpool, with Glen Johnson, Geremi, Wayne Bridge, Damien Duff and Juan Sebastian Veron all handed debuts and Joe Cole on the bench. Having spent £150m, Chelsea had sent out a title message to their rivals Manchester United and Arsenal. And it was the latter who scored on his debut to hand Chelsea the lead after his £15m move from Manchester United. Michael Owen equalised from the penalty spot before Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink found the winner late on. While they failed to usurp Arsenal’s ‘Invincibles’ in the table, Chelsea secured their highest finish in the Premier League and went on to win the title under Jose Mourinho the next two seasons. In his 19-year spell as owner, 21 trophies have been added to the silverware cabinet — including five Premier League titles and two Champions Leagues. When Chelsea were desperate for a squad overhaul in 2020 under Frank Lampard, Abramovich approved a £220m spending spree which saw the likes of Kai Havertz, Timo Werner and Ben Chilwell arrive. While Lampard was sacked due to a poor run of form, it was only nine months later that the Russian had some tangible to show for his cash injection. Havertz, who cost a then-club record £72m fee from Bayer Leverkusen, may have had his struggles since arriving in west London. But the attacker’s strike won Chelsea the Champions League in May 2021. For that moment alone, Abramovich would surely class the money as well spent. Once again, it was a star-studded expensive team that turned out against Norwich, worth around £250m and probably five times more than Norwich’s entire XI. And the quality showed as they played their opponents off the park in the first half. But perhaps the occasion got to them in the second as Norwich found a way back into the game, before Havertz scored late on to make sure of the points. Thomas Tuchel is likely to be the 13th and final manager to have been appointed under Roman Abramovich. Ironically, he might just be the best of the lot. Jose Mourinho and Antonio Conte were supremely talented and amongst the best of their generations, winning Premier League titles for the club. But both possessed a certain volatility that could explode at any given moment. Carlo Ancelotti and Andre Villas-Boas preferred style over substances and yet were not a perfect fit under Abramovich. However, Tuchel has proved to be just what the Russian was looking for. Tactically he has proven to be one of the most disciplined and dedicated coaches, but in terms of motivating and passion, there are few as animated as he. His intelligence and empathy off the pitch also aligns with the club's values and in his 14 months at the club, he has already guided Chelsea to three trophies and two other cup finals. Compare that to his first game in charge, when Abramovich felt compelled to give Ranieri one season in charge before replacing with Mourinho. He simply could not wait to get rid of one of the nicest men to have graced the Premier League. But with Tuchel, Abramovich might feel like his time with the German has been taken away from him — with their final memory together being the Club World Cup triumph in Dubai. Even at Carrow Road, he coached his side to put in a professional display and solidify their place in the top four. Some may feel that is the karma Abramovich deserves for his ruthlessness with managerial sackings over the years. In any case, Chelsea will be grateful he is likely to remain in charge for the foreseeable future at least. Chelsea were on the brink of liquidation before Abramovich came along after the club had revealed its spiralling debts of around £80m and needed a buyer to take control. So it is only natural that some fans treat him, rightly or wrongly, as their saviour. While some football fans feel strongly that his arrival in London was merely a case of sportswashing, Abramovich’s dedication to turning the club into one of Europe’s most successful has never wavered. Chants of “Roman Abramovich” could be heard coming from the away end during the game at Carrow Road, despite pleas from the club to cease chants of their exiled owner after interrupting a minute’s applause to do so against Burnley. That sort of treatment has not changed in the 19 years since his first game at Stamford Bridge, where he received a warm welcome as a virtual unknown. But after his money directly helped them reach new heights and create unforgettable memories, they believed Abramovich deserved their gratitude. While sponsors continue to evaluate their position in terms of financing the club, Abramovich can at least assure himself that the away fans — who travel all over in support of the Blues — are still behind him.