Meghan Markle, 40, and Prince Harry, 37, secured lucrative multimillion-pound deals with Netflix and Spotify after stepping down as senior members of the Royal Family. Royal expert Neil Sean claimed their lack of progress on producing content could lead to a decline in deals. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean said: "Let me give you a bit of advice Harry and Meghan, it's not as simple or as easy you possibly think. "You have to think of content and then more importantly you have to produce it, write it and maybe hopefully get an audience on top of all that. "So it's not as easy as they possibly thought but when you become a major celebrity like Harry and Meghan are now, the bigger problem is you have a golden period. "Everybody wants to sign you, you get invited to things like the Oscars." He added: "You get offered all of these mega deals as we saw the books deal along with is worth a lot of money even though he's going to have to deliver some rather tawdry asides to make sure that people feel they've got their value for money. READ MORE: Photographer lets slip what 'miserable' Sussexes are like "Everything hinges now for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle on the next level of content that they will deliver to the public. "If it's a spectacular success, they are guaranteed even more money but as ever in the fickle world of Hollywood they're now living in, if it doesn't resonate with the audience then they can expect a sharp decline in those mega offers and mega deals." It comes as the Duke and Duches of Sussex have been criticised for "expressing concerns" to Spotify about Covid-19 misinformation by a British author. Douglas Murray told Sky News Australia: "As for the most representative on the pulse of the world couple, I'm thinking of the Sussexes. "We do need to hear from them, don't we? Because whenever there are issues to do with not just politics but the significance of truth and anything to do with the public mood. "What you really need is to hear from a Prince and a Duchess from their house in California. "It's absolutely crucial that we get the Duke and Duchess on anything. I'm a great fan of the Royal Family, I am not a fan of these former members. What they think they can contribute I do not know." An Archewell spokesperson said the couple are "committed to continuing" their work with the streaming platform. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan advised to ditch attention-seeking stunts for Jubilee [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton pregnant? Duchess 'ramping up' royal duties [VIDEO]Queen health update: Monarch will not be seen 'much' during Jubilee [ANALYSIS] "Hundreds of millions of people are affected by the serious harms of rampant mis- and disinformation every day," the spokesperson said. "Last April, our co-founders began expressing concerns to our partners at Spotify about the all too real consequences of Covid-19 misinformation on its platform. "We have continued to express our concerns to Spotify to ensure changes to its platform are made to help address this public health crisis. "We look to Spotify to meet this moment and are committed to continuing our work together as it does."