Amal Clooney, 44, has opened up about her marriage with George Clooney, 60. The lawyer said that George is “inspirational” and that their relationship and home life is filled with “love and laughter.” Amal has candidly shared the insight following being recognised as one of TIME Magazine's Women of the Year. She explained, speaking to TIME yesterday: “Marriage has been wonderful. “I have in my husband a partner who is incredibly inspirational and supportive, and we have a home filled with love and laughter.” She added: “It is a joy beyond anything I could ever have imagined. READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award “I feel so lucky to have found a great love in my life, and to be a mother.” Speaking about avoiding the spotlight, Amal said that she tries to maintain focus on her work. On the subject of avoiding undue press attention, she said that her approach is simply to “not dwell on it” and “just get on with (my) work.” She added: “And I do actually feel like there is a female solidarity that has built up on these issues where other women will sort of call that out in a way that maybe wouldn’t have happened five or 10 years ago. “So attitudes are changing.” She also spoke up about the difficulties she faces in her career, and the demand of having to be extremely determined to succeed. Amal explained how her career involves defending activists imprisoned by totalitarian regimes. She said that “dogged determination” was required to survive. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan bids farewell after 'ruffling feathers' in new project  [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics [ANALYSIS]Eamonn Holmes shares 'painful and exhausting' health insight [UPDATE] She added that the people she is up against “never give up” which means that “we definitely can’t give up on our side.” Speaking to Entertainment Times in April 2021, George opened up about the expectations he has of his children and family. George explained that he does his best to encourage values of altruism and charity in his kids. He said: “My kids will always say, they’ll pick up a toy and they’ll go, ‘This is for the poor people.’ “And I go, ‘Good. OK, so let’s put it in the basket and we’ll take it to the poor people.’ “And then there’s this shock on their face when reality hits.’” He added that his parents taught him to consistently challenge those who tend to abuse power. He said that they told him: “My parents always taught me that the best things you could do is challenge people in power and look out for people who aren’t in power and those kinds of things.”