The UK is currently experiencing a surge in symptomatic Covid cases, owing in part to the removal of restrictions and the emergence of a highly transmissible strain known as Omicron BA.2 - a relative of the Omicron variant. According to figures generated by the Zoe Covid Study, there are currently 349,011 new daily symptomatic cases of Covid in the UK on average. This means one in 15 people currently have symptomatic Covid in the UK. The Zoe Covid Study draws on data submitted from millions of users to its app, providing an accurate and up-to-date picture of the pandemic. According to Professor Tim Spector, who heads up the Zoe Covid tracker app, runny nose is now the "predominant" symptom of Covid, accounting for over 80 percent of all symptomatic cases. Loss of smell was once dominant but has really "plummeted" as new strains have outpaced others, Prof Spector said in his latest YouTube video. READ MORE: How much will lateral flow tests cost? Where can I buy them? Fever was also once a "prominent symptom" but is now only seen in about a third of people, he said. All told, the current symptoms reported are: According to the latest Zoe data, new daily symptomatic cases have stopped raising in regions of England and in the UK but cases remain at record highs. New cases rates have begun falling in the youngest age group and in the 34-55 year-olds. New cases have stopped rising or are slowing down in the rest of the age groups. The Zoe Covid Study incidence figures (new symptomatic cases) are based on reports from around 840,000 weekly contributors and the proportion of newly symptomatic users who have received positive swab tests. DON'T MISSDementia: 'Commonly prescribed' antibiotics linked to decline [ADVICE]Matt LeBlanc health: Star almost had 'nervous breakdown [INSIGHT]Cancer warning: Steatorrhoea in your poo is a sign [TIPS] The latest survey figures were based on data from 70,779 recent swab tests done on symptomatic cases in the two weeks up to 29 March 2022. Commenting on the latest data, Prof Spector said: “While Covid cases continue to soar to all-time highs, the rate of increase is showing signs of slowing down. "This is a promising sign that we’ll hopefully see case numbers beginning to drop once again. However, as the Government cuts off free testing and all restrictions are lifted it’s difficult to predict where things will go from here." The Zoe professor continued: "Whilst LFTs [lateral flow tests] are no longer free, we’re pleased to see early data from 100,000 Zoe Covid Study contributors that suggest LFT accuracy remains high. "The data shows LFTs are almost 80 percent effective in detecting positive cases and as high as 97 percent accurate in identifying negative cases. This should reassure everyone that LFTs remain a valuable tool for monitoring Covid and everyone should have a small supply to test themselves when they have cold-like symptoms.” The other crucial weapon in the armoury is getting vaccinated with a COVID-19 vaccine. Extensive evidence shows the coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccines are safe and effective. They give you the best protection against COVID-19. Everyone aged 12 and over, and some children aged 5 to 11, can get a first and second dose of the COVID-19 vaccine. People aged 16 and over, and some children aged 12 to 15, can also get a booster dose. People aged 12 and over who had a severely weakened immune system when they had their first two doses, will be offered a third dose and a booster (fourth dose). People aged 75 and over, people who live in care homes for older people, and people aged 12 and over who have a weakened immune system, are being offered a spring booster. The COVID-19 vaccines currently approved for use in the UK are: