Mark Charnock, who plays Marlon Dingle in Emmerdale, broke fans' hearts with a hospital storyline in which he languishes in a hospital bed, scarcely able to communicate, after suffering a stroke. Viewers were left at loggerheads over whether Marlon was asking for his teddy or a drink in one scene - and Mark has now confirmed it was the former. The 53-year-old's plight devastated fans, particularly when he appeared to reach out for a glass of water, only for an unresponsive nurse to leave the room without giving one to him. His diminished ability to move or communicate distressed some sensitive fans. The divisive issue of how his on-screen care was portrayed made waves on social media - until Mark stepped in to give a personal response. @BantamCal tagged him in a request that began: "dear mark. Pls settle an argument with my friends. READ NOW: Chris Rock breaks silence following Oscars altercation with Will Smith "I thought Marlon wanted the teddy to cuddle," the tweeter elaborated on one of the hospital scenes, "& the lovely nurse gave him it. "My friend (who is in bits) said he wanted a drink and still wanted a drink. "Please confirm I'm right or I won't sleep!!!" The fan signed off: "ps cracking job x". The mystery was resolved when Mark gave her a personal response in view of his 186,000 followers, declaring in a one word response that the answer was "Teddy!" "You just made my day!!!!!" the fan, who appeared to have tuned in all the way from Nigeria for a glimpse of the latest action in the Dales, assured him. However it continued to be an issue for many others, who blasted the poor care Marlon seemed to have been receiving. "Why does Marlon not have a button by his side for him to press for when he needs something when the nurses aren’t in the room?!" blasted @kellycrumpton94. DON'T MISS... 'Heavier and angrier' Ricky Gervais on if Will Smith would've hit him [DEBATE] Fern Britton on struggle to 'bounce back' from Phil Vickery split [INSIGHT] Tony Rock insists Chris Rock and Will Smith not made up yet [LATEST] "Especially as he only has minimal movement. #emmerdale". @page_lace30 expressed her feelings more bluntly, writing: "The nurse has not even considered if marlon needs a bl***y drink!" The scene that sparked debate had clearly shown the stroke victim reach out his arm. Though the majority seemed to believe he had been seeking a glass of water, he only succeeded in knocking the teddy bear off his bedside table. Some felt the nurse was unresponsive to his attempts to communicate before she left the room, leaving some fans, like @angenevs to agonise: "Has Marlon had some water yet? It’s my worst nightmare, not being able to communicate and being thirsty." The world continued to debate why the Emmerdale star seemed not to have a call buzzer to help him get attention from staff. However, despite the neglectful-looking scenes, Mark has now appeared to settle their concerns once and for all, confirming that all the forlorn Emmerdaler needed was a cuddle from his teddy. Meanwhile @mishybabez_ added decisively of his stellar acting performance: "If @markcharnock doesn't get any awards then something's wrong. He is doing incredible in this heartbreaking storyline #Emmerdale x"