Call The Midwife is a BBC hit and the historical drama saw Matthew Aylward become a series regular. The businessman and landlord grew closer to Nurse Franklin after she helped deliver his son. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about whether the TV star is married off-screen. Matthew Aylward joined the Call The Midwife clan in season 10 and he has become a fan-favourite. Appearing initially as a guest star, he has slowly worked his way up to series regular. This is due to the developing romance he has with Nurse Franklin, and they are now an official item. Rix's character won over the hearts of fans and they are keen to find out more about the actor. He was studying English Literature at Trinity College Oxford, but he became actively involved in the university's dramatic society. READ MORE: Laura Main age: How old is the Call The Midwife actress? He trained at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art and one of his first credits was as the title role in Shakespeare's "lost play" Cardenio. As for his personal life, he appears to be in a relationship with makeup and hair artist Natasha Mae Fagri. Fagri has worked on episodes of Silent Witness, Homeland, and Black Sails. Her film credits include The Dark Tower, Serenity, and Action Point. In October 2020 the pair celebrated their four-year anniversary, with Rix paying tribute to his girlfriend. On Instagram he shared a photo of Fagri, with the message: “Four years, today. You’re my best friend. "Even when we annoy each other… truth is, I’d be lost without you. I love you x”. In February 2021, Fagri wished her partner a happy birthday, calling him an "incredible man". On Instagram, she said: "Thank you for being you. I’m sorry that we couldn’t be together today due to travel, work and Covid. Soon! I love you." Their posts as a couple go back to at least 2017, so it seems they have been in love for a long time. DON'T MISS... Call The Midwife star admits falling in love with co-star [INSIGHT] Laura Main children: Does the Call The Midwife star have children? [EXPLAINER] Is Call the Midwife's Nancy Corrigan star married? [INSIGHT] According to her Instagram profile, Fagri is a yoga fanatic and makeup and hair artist. She regularly shares photos of herself in various yoga poses, motivating others to live a healthier lifestyle. In one video, she was practising yoga outside in wintery conditions. She said: "Had to do it... us South Africans get too excited in the snow!" Fans of Call The Midwife were thrilled when Matthew Aylward became a fully integrated member of the community. He was a huge help during the season 11 finale, after the horrific train derailment. Viewers are waiting for him to be reunited with his new love Trixie, who left Poplar to take care of a sick family member. Hopefully, the pair will come together again in the upcoming season 12.  Call The Midwife is available to watch on BBC iPlayer, with a Christmas special airing in the winter.