Chihuahua Rocky escaped the Sanders family’s house in Hertfordshire around 9pm on March 2. The dog had escaped while one of the family members had briefly left to go shopping. Kadi Sanders, 25, said the family were quick to go on the hunt for their precious pet. Sadly, they failed to locate seven-year-old Rocky, and posted a social media campaign to raise awareness of their missing pet and resolved to pick up the search the following morning. But the next day, a neighbour called the police after coming across a dead animal on her lawn in Welwyn Garden City. Ms Sanders told the Mirror: "After calling the police, the neighbour saw the Facebook post and got in touch with my sister Maxine. "I'm a veterinary nurse so she called me to go round and take a look." Ms Sanders was distraught to see Rocky’s body - but without his head or his tail. There were no other signs of attack, apart from the beheading and the missing tail. The latter was later found in a nearby bush, but the Chihuahua’s head has never been located. READ MORE: Britain to turn white as 4 inches of snow bomb to hit by next week Ms Sanders took the body to be scanned for a microchip. Tragically, the microchip belonged to Rocky. She said: "There is no doubt in my mind that a person has done this. "His head was cleanly severed from his body and so was his tail.” DON'T MISS: WATCH Crufts 2022 LIVE: All the action from Day 3 at Crufts [LIVE] UK snow forecast: Maps show exact day snow will hit London in March [MAP] POLL: Do you actually want Rishi Sunak’s energy bill ‘loan’? [VOTE] She described how, for her profession, she comes across fox attacks, but the signs were distinctly different to what could be seen on Rocky’s body. She said: "In my job I see a lot of fox attacks, but he has no puncture wounds, there was no blood." Ms Sanders added the police have closed the case, as they believe another animal was to blame for the killing. She said: "This is the act of a psychopath. "If they have done this to an animal they could do it to a human. "We are seriously concerned there is someone out there doing this. "We want anyone who can help us find out who did this so they can be prosecuted to get in touch." A Hertfordshire Police spokesperson said: "We were called at 10.07am on Thursday, March 3 to a report of a pet dog sadly found deceased. "A thorough investigation was launched following concern that the dog may have been attacked. "Following CCTV enquiries and veterinary expertise, officers believe that the dog was killed by a wild animal. "The dog’s owner has been informed and our thoughts are with them at this sad time."