Joe Goldberg (played by Penn Badgley) and Love Quinn’s (Victoria Pedretti) romance skyrocketed beyond the realms of dysfunctional in You season three as the pair’s murderous and psychotic ways finally caught up with the other. Netflix viewers could only watch in horror in the final few moments as Joe tricked his wife into thinking she’d successfully poisoned him - only to turn the tables on her, poison his wife, and leave Love’s body in an explosive house fire while he made his getaway. Joe appeared to have it all figured how he’d cover his tracks - as he always does - cutting off one of his own toes for law enforcement to find when they went through the fiery wreck. With him presumed dead as a result, Joe could make his getaway - but not before ensuring his son had the best chance at a normal life by leaving him on pal Dante’s (Ben Mehl) doorstep. The last fans saw of Joe, he was soaking in the Parisian lifestyle after somehow making his way across the Atlantic and landing in the French capital. What exactly he has planned there remains a mystery but judging by the last production update from You bosses, fans may not have that long to wait. READ MORE: YOU on Netflix season 4: Euphoria star lands huge new role in drama The show’s official Instagram account shared a snap confirming filming on season four has officially begun. It shared a photo of the clapperboard from the season four premiere, along with the caption: “Feeling YOU-4-ic. YOU Season 4 is now in production.” While it didn’t give away too many plot details, it confirmed John Scott would be directing the episode while Milos Moore runs the cameras. And it didn’t take long for hundreds of of the show’s 1.6million to share their excitable messages - although there was one person who many are desperate to see back. Making their pleas known, @phhh____ commented: “I don’t know how, but I want Love in the season 4.” “Bring victoria back pleaseee,” @isaribeiro.l echoed, referring to actor Pedretti. While @billie.amour echoed this sentiment, adding: “Yes. Please we need Love!!” followed by a fire emoji. And @joegoldberg_edits teased: “Joe is gonna be in some trouble this season,” followed by a shushing emoji. DON'T MISS:YOU season 3: Sherry star opens up on rollercoaster ending 'Iconic'You season 3: Showrunner opens up on 'significant' scenes cut Victoria Pedretti husband: Is the You star married? Elsewhere, Candace Stone star took to the comments to pen: “Congratulations!!!” alongside a love heart emoji. “My life has been so boring since I finished s3,” @zara10xx added while @swiftseavey_ simply put: “I SCREAMED.” (Sic) While Love’s storyline appears to have come to a rather emphatic close, You is no stranger to a flashback sequence. Fans are also used to seeing shock returns from the dead - case in point, Candace. So could bosses listen to You fans’ pleas and bring Love back in either of these ways? Fans will have to wait until season four arrives to find out for sure but with Joe looking to create a new life in Paris, it’s likely a whole bunch of new characters will be entering the fray. But will he finally be able to put his sociopathic and obsessive ways to one side or will his reign of terror continue on a new victim? You seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Netflix now.