Harry Potter star Jason Isaacs stars opposite One Tree Hill’s Sophia Bush in the gripping surgical drama, Good Sam. Despite pulling in strong ratings for CBS, the new series could lose out on viewers as the first season’s midseason hiatus continued for another Wednesday. The first season of Good Sam won’t be back on screens until next Wednesday, March 23 in the USA. CBS’ hit new medical drama began back in January of this year and introduced viewers to Dr Samantha Griffith (played by Sophia Bush) and her father, Dr Rob Griffith (Jason Isaacs). Samantha became the top surgeon at Lakeshore Sentinel Hospital after Rob, aka ‘Griff’, falls into a coma, but their relationship gets complicated when he awakens a few months later. His daughter’s position as Lakeshore’s senior heart surgeon means Sam has to supervise her father when Griff immediately sets about resuming his usual duties. READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' The first season got the series off to a strong start, with well over two million viewers tuning in each week. However, the ratings have taken a dip with the more recent episodes and could continue to decline following the latest break to the schedule. Thankfully, it won’t be long before Good Sam will return with the eighth episode of the first season, titled Keep Talking. An official synopsis reads: “When Amy Taylor is admitted to the hospital accompanied by her sister, Gretchen, with signs of premature heart disease, Dr Sam Griffith discovers a deeper medical mystery. “Also, Griff anxiously awaits the results of his MRI, hoping to get to the root of his troubling symptoms.” Hopefully, the enticing details of the next episode are enough to keep new and existing fans of the series intrigued when Good Sam continues on Wednesday. Plus, this episode will also feature guest appearances from two of Sophia’s former One Tree Hill co-stars, Bethany Joy Lenz as Amy and Hilarie Burton as her sister, Gretchen. The three actresses were well-known as best friends Brooke, Peyton and Haley in The CW’s high school series. DON'T MISS:Love Is Blind’s Shake confirms new romance ‘Don’t settle’ [UPDATE]MAFS Australia’s Jackson defends Olivia after glass smash [COMMENT]Discovery of Witches star details what happened after Emily’s death [SPOILERS] Their reunion marks the first time they’ve been on-screen together since 2009, and will surely be enough to keep the audience intrigued, even after this month’s lengthy break. Sophia, Bethany and Hilarie’s return to screens was recently teased in a sneak peek released through TV Line. The new clip reveals more details about Amy’s condition as Sophia explains the case to her group of medical students. Fans also get some insight into the sisters’ close bond as Amy reveals she is three years sober. Their visit quickly escalates when Amy coughs up blood onto the hospital floor and Samantha leaps into action. As Griff calls in more help, Samantha warns Amy a standard heart bypass may not be enough to alleviate the issue. It’s unlikely the One Tree Hill alums will become recurring guests on the series as Amy is just a patient, though anything is possible if their appearance proves popular amongst viewers. Good Sam season 1 continues Wednesday, March 23 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.