Gemma Atkinson, 37, has apologised to fans for her “radio silence” for the past few days. She took to Instagram earlier today to explain the reason behind her absence on social media. In view of her 1.7 million followers, the Hollyoaks star uploaded a picture of palm trees seen from below against a bright blue sky in the background. Gemma explained that some fans had reached out to ask if she was okay as they noticed she had not been posting. The Emmerdale actress penned: “Sorry for the radio silence! “I’m all good (thank you for asking) away on our first family holiday in 2yrs so been making the most of it.” (sic) She later followed up the post with a heartwarming selfie of herself and her daughter Mia. The mother-daughter duo smiled for the camera as they enjoyed the sunshine and a delicious breakfast. Gemma recently showed her support for her fiancé Gorka Marquez after he announced a new venture. The Strictly Come Dancing star unveiled his new move away from the programme, which launched today. Gorka teamed up with WIT to release fitness hoodies and shirts. According to the professional dancer, these are set to “bridge the gap between training and rest day wear”. Gemma was quick to share the good news as she revealed how hard he had been working on the project. Sharing a video featuring her future husband, Gemma wrote in an Instagram post: “So proud! DON'T MISS...'Woke' Hollywood stars slammed for accepting $140k Oscars gift bags [INSIGHT]‘Broke my heart’ Claire Sweeney forced to sell Mallorca villa [UPDATE]Ricky Gervais makes dig at Oscar gift bags degrading 'poor people' [LATEST] “Gorkas worked SO hard on thus collection!” (sic) Explaining more about the collection on his Instagram account, Gorka said the pieces had been “exclusively curated”. He also urged fans to sign up for early access to the online shop and to be included in a prize draw. Gorka said: “For your everyday. Everywhere. “WIT x GORKA. My exclusively curated Hoodie and Tee is launching Wednesday 30th March 8am GMT / 8AM ET at @wit.fitness . “Sign up for one hour exclusive early access via the link in my Bio and in my stories now and the chance to win the pieces for yourself. “What do you guys think? Drop a comment below.”