Former boxing star Carl Froch has sensationally claimed that Anthony Joshua would ‘probably get chinned’ if he met Deontay Wilder in the ring. Froch warned his fellow Brit to avoid a future bout with the American due to his hard-hitting style. Joshua was outclassed and generally dominated by Oleksandr Usyk at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium back in September as the Ukrainian won on points to claim the WBA, WBO, IBF and IBO world heavyweight titles in the process. The 32-year-old was set to rematch the undefeated Usyk in the spring, but the champion has returned to his home country to lend his hand against the Russian invasion. With the conflict ongoing, it appears unlikely that AJ will face Usyk in the near future, and rumours of alternative bouts for the Brit are circulating. Joshua could face compatriot Joe Joyce and the two former Olympians have verbally sparred on Twitter, while plenty of fans are keen to see Joshua fight Wilder. JUST IN: Hearn confirms Joshua's fight plans after chat with Usyk's manager However, former super-middleweight champion Froch has advised Joshua not to take on the ex-WBC heavyweight champion, even after his successive defeats to Tyson Fury. “[From a] business point of view, don’t fight Deontay Wilder because you’re probably going to get chinned,” Froch told Intu Boxing. “He’s a massive puncher, there’s a chance you’ll get chinned. “If you catch one on the chin, you’re going over. DON'T MISS'Help me win hardest fight', says Ukrainian boxer KlitschkoAmir Khan mulling over Brook contract clause as rematch consideredKell Brook 'prices himself out' of Conor Benn fight after big offer “I don’t care if your name is Anthony Joshua or whatever your name is in the heavyweight division; he can knock you out with one punch. “Tyson Fury nearly found that out a couple of times.” Fury fought Wilder to a controversial split draw in 2018, despite most fans and pundits believing that the Gypsy King was robbed of a points win. However, Fury would not be denied in February 2020 as he snatched the WBC belt from the Bronze Bomber. He followed that up with a defence of his title in October 2021, winning their epic grudge trilogy bout in style. Fury was knocked down twice in the rivals’ first clash and twice in their most recent meeting but went on to win to set up his upcoming clash with Dillian Whyte. Fury is scheduled to meet Whyte at Wembley Stadium on April 23.