Andy Murray has opened up on which four players he believes could replace Roger Federer, Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal as tennis's next big superstars as their careers start to wind down.  Murray, 34, has seen his career deteriorate in the last few years thanks to a hip injury. The Glasgow-born star endured his best year of tennis in 2016, reaching three Grand Slam finals and managing to win one of them. But since then, he has failed to reach a Grand Slam final, and has only made one semi-final since. In fact from 2018 onwards, the Scot has yet to progress past the third round of any tournament, with the indications showing that his career is slowly coming to a halt. And as a result, he did an interview with Moselle Open on which young players he believes could replace himself and tennis heroes Federer, Djokovic and Nadal as tennis's most successful stars. "The players that I like to watch? I like watching [Stefanos] Tsitsipas, I think he has a great game. "I like watching [Carlos] Alcaraz as well. I know he is a little young but I think he's going to be great for tennis. He is a top player. "It depends, I like a lot of them. "[Lorenzo] Musetti on clay, I've really enjoyed watching his game as well, so there isn't just one. "And I know he's not young, but I do really like watching [Daniil] Medvedev play too. I think he's got a very different game style to a lot of players.  "He looks very unorthodox and I like people that aren't your textbook tennis player. "It depends, a lot of coaches I think in the UK are very fascinated by technique and strokes, but he doesn't have that. He is unbelievably smart on the court." Murray was recently knocked out of the Dubai Tennis Championships by Italian Jannik Sinner in a 7-5, 6-2 defeat.  The Scottish star currently ranks as the World No. 84, and will be looking to get back to former glories with a strong showing at this season's Wimbledon. However, he will be hoping to avoid a repeat of last season's third round straight-set loss to Denis Shapovalov. 