America's Chief Medical Advisor Anthony Fauci has been at the forefront of the pandemic offering medical advice and pushing vaccination uptake with the past two years. Many science experts have warned that the virus could be manmade in a laboratory, as leaked da5a and emails show the possibility that this is true. It's now been two years since the global pandemic hit, and Dr Fauci is still having to come up with answers to explain the animal to human virus theory. Mr Fauci also faced questions as to why there has been a coronavirus laboratory in Wuhan, that has been operating for years. Mr Fauci said: "But the circumstances of how this evolved, the epidemiology as well as the similarity with what we know is a jumping of species from the animal to the human. "Had many scientists including myself say again, and I have to repeat because I see the direction you're going, no one ever said for absolutely certain. "I certainly never said that, I told you what I thought he most likely origin is. "And many highly qualified scientists agreed with that, but we still must keep an open mind and I will repeat it for you today. JUST IN: Putin's 'biggest' Achilles' heel exposed as 'derided' Russian despot facing furious REVOLT    Mr Fauci added: "That we must keep an open mind about this." Ms Rawoth said: "Is it just a coincidence that there is a huge coronavirus laboratory in Wuhan?" Mr Fauci said; "Well, I mean... It is not at all surprising that there's a research lab and the Chinese were trying to figure out and did successfully figure out what the original ideology was of Sars Cov-1. "And the very fact that we did have a Sars Cov-1 made it very very clear that there would be a possibility that we would have another pandemic outbreak from the animal-human interface.   READ MORE: Mum left fuming after letter describes her 'active' four-year-old daughter as overweight     Mr Fauci added: "So it makes very good sense that the Chinese would be studying this in Ernest to try and find out how you could ultimately prevent the occurrence of another coronavirus outbreak which in fact we did have." The theory of the leaked Wuhan lab leak has been circulating since the beginning of 2020. Leaked scientist emails have also backed up the claims. Fear that public trust with science from China will decrease if the claims are admitted to have been expressed. The damning email, to Dr Fauci and another doctor from the US National Institutes of Health, spoke of an  “accidentally created a virus primed for rapid transmission between humans”. DON’T MISS: Russia scaling back invasion as troops retreat to eastern Ukraine after weeks of stalemate In a summary of Professor Farzan’s raised concerns from the email, Sir Jeremy Farrar said: “He is bothered by the furin site and has a hard time (to) explain that as an event outside the lab, though there are possible ways in nature it is highly unlikely.” Sir Jeremy  Farrar said: “I think this becomes a question of how do you put all this together, whether you believe in this series of coincidences, what you know of the lab in Wuhan, how much could be in nature - accidental release or natural event? I am 70:30 or 60:40.” Sir Jemermy changed his estimate to 50:50 Co-author of Viral: the search for the origin of Covid, Viscount Ridley said: “These emails show a lamentable lack of openness and transparency among Western scientists who appear to have been more interested in shutting down a hypothesis they thought was very plausible, for political reasons.”