The Communist regime of the last century was one of the darkest tyrannies ever known, where political oppression was matched by economic sclerosis. The labour camp and the queue for bread were twin symbols of its nightmarish misrule. Its final demise came in the early 1990s, broken by the failed war in Afghanistan, a popular revolt driven by a collapse in living standards, and the reluctance of its own leaders, headed by the reformist Mikhail Gorbachev, to maintain the rotten edifice any longer. Since then, despite many setbacks, Russia has been on a path towards greater freedom and prosperity. Yet suddenly, after the onslaught against Ukraine, all the gains of the last three decades have been obliterated. The dark age of the Soviet Union has returned with a vengeance. Amid global isolation, economic meltdown and rising authoritarianism, the Iron Curtain is firmly back in place. Putin, a former KGB officer, might proclaim Peter the Great as his hero but his role model increasingly seems to be Joseph Stalin, who cruelly ruled the Soviet Union for more than 30 years. Stalin’s pitiless inhumanity finds an echo in Putin’s indiscriminate shelling of civilians in Ukraine, while at home Putin’s growing repression and stranglehold on power begins to mirror Stalin’s autocracy. Putin, who has been in charge of Russia for 22 years, has long treated any opposition with aggressive hostility, as epitomised by the poisoning and imprisonment of his rival, anti-corruption activist Alexei Navalny. But now, following his colossal miscalculation over Ukraine, he has intensified his bullying. Freedoms essential to a democracy are curtailed. Independent broadcasters, newspapers and media outlets have been shut down. Facebook and Twitter are ruthlessly censored. More than 13,500 people have been arrested for taking part in anti-war demonstrations, while a new law has been passed that imposes a 15-year jail term for spreading “disinformation” about the armed forces. This loss of liberty is accompanied by economic disaster, fuelled by western sanctions and his own mismanagement. Putin used to justify his strongman approach by claiming that he had brought stability and growth to Russia. But any such defence has now evaporated in the bomb blasts over Kyiv. The bleak days of hardship under the Politburo have returned. Since the invasion began, the rouble has lost half its value, interest rates have been put up to 20 per cent, the Russian stock market has been closed, and inflation is soaring. Empty shelves are appearing in shops; huge queues now form at cash machines. As foreign exchange assets are frozen, even the lucrative revenues from oil and gas exports are under threat. When Communism was beginning to fall apart, the opening by McDonald’s of its first restaurant in Moscow in 1990 was a catalyst for the new age of freedom. Today, the same chain has now closed all 850 of its Russian outlets, a graphic indicator of the global boycott against Putin’s despised regime. Just like in the Soviet Union, ordinary Russians are now denied the consumer choices that much of the world takes for granted. As part of the extensive international crackdown, Ikea has closed all its stores in the country, just as Starbucks has done with its coffee shops and Netflix with its video subscriptions. In a healthy democracy, a wilful, self-inflicted catastrophe of the kind that Putin has committed would inevitably bring down the government. But the task of overthrowing an autocrat is harder. Putin has reinforced his position by pouring money into the military to buy its loyalty and by surrounding himself with yes-men. Yet he is hardly secure. A tyrant can be ousted by a palace coup or by dissent on the streets. There are signs that both are happening in Russia as anger grows over the consequences of his reckless war. Disillusion is mounting among key supporters like the oligarchs and military commanders, while mothers of soldiers are openly protesting at the gruesome Russian death toll, now said to be over 12,000. General Galtieri, the leader of Argentina’s military junta, fell after his defeat in the Falklands in 1982. The same could happen Putin now as the body bags return from Ukraine.