Britain has many UNESCO heritage sites, located all over the country. A new study from MyJobQuote looked at the country’s favourites. MyJobQuote’s research looked at data from Google Reviews and Tripadvisor to find the most impressive sites. They looked at the amount of reviews awarding the attractions five stars on the ranking sites. The top UNESCO site in the UK was the incredible Tower of London, where 143,386 visitors had left a five star review. The Tower welcomes more than two million visitors per year with many seeking a glimpse of the world famous ‘Beefeaters’. READ MORE: ‘Unbelievably helpful’ flying tip for back pain One Tripadvisor review said: “The Tower oozes history and, each time you step inside, it tells you another of its secrets from years gone by.” The Tower has a dark history and has held many famous prisoners over the years from Anne Boleyn to the Kray twins. It was even home to the Royal Menagerie at one point and exotic animals including tigers, lions and elephants were kept within the walls. Nowadays, tourists can learn about the Tower’s history on a tour and enjoy views from the riverside cafe. In second place in the rankings was Westminster Abbey. The landmark had over 60,000 five star reviews. One visitor said on Google: “A breathtaking experience. The architecture, design, sculptures, paintings, anti-chambers, galleries; everything was extraordinary.” The Abbey recently celebrated its 1,000th birthday and still offers daily services to visitors. It was the venue for the wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton and 16 royal weddings have taken place there. In third place was Stonehenge. The iconic ancient site had over 60,000 five star reviews on Google and Tripadvisor. One visitor said: “Had a stone circle experience at dawn and it was completely perfect and fantastic. “Would visit again and again and again.” The Wiltshire site has awed visitors over the years and many people visit to celebrate the Summer Solstice. Some researchers now suspect the site was built as a giant solar calendar. The City of Bath was the fourth most popular UNESCO attraction in the UK and had over 45,000 five star reviews. Visitors to the charming city can explore the city’s baths as well as enjoy lunch at one of Bath’s cafes. The Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew were the fifth most popular attraction where visitors can see over 50,000 living plants. Despite the lifting of travel restrictions, staycations are expected to remain popular this year.