Lawns often get overlooked for the prettiness of the borders and flowering plants, but a well-kept lawn is stunning to behold, whereas a poor lawn will bring down the look of the whole garden. Once abandoned, they can become patchy, brown, weed-infested or overgrown, so it is important to keep on top of lawn care even though it might sometimes feel like a chore. Luckily lawn experts at Love The Garden have shared the secrets of success to effective spring lawn care. The experts explained that mowing in spring is the “most important job” for a “fantastic” lawn. They said: “The most important lawn care job for a fantastic lawn is correct and regular mowing. “You need to cut the grass whenever it is growing.” This is likely to be weekly or even more frequently as the weather warms up in spring. The aim should be to keep it at the same height all through spring. READ MORE: Lawn care: 'Most successful’ hack for removing mushrooms from grass The lawn specialists continued: “For most lawns this should be about 2.5-4cm high. “For lawns that take a lot of wear and tear the height is better raised to 5cm. “For very shaded areas, mow at a height of 7.5cm.” Mowing too short and, as a consequence weakening the grass, is the “quickest” and “easiest” way of allowing weeds and moss to become established and spoiling the lawn, according to the experts. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home  [TIPS]How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas [INSIGHT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks [COMMENT] Next on the priority list is feeding the grass, and feeding the right lawn food at the right time will produce a lawn to boast about. The lawn enthusiasts said: “A good feed with a lawn fertiliser, not only makes the grass greener, but it makes it grow thicker and increases its strength, vigour and health so it is more robust and better equipped to compete with weeds, moss and weather-related stresses. “In spring, the best results are achieved by using a granular feed that supplies a regular amount of nutrients over several weeks.” When using this lawn feed it is important to apply it evenly over the whole lawn at the recommended rate. The easy way to do this is to use a lawn spreader, such as the built-in spreader in the smaller sizes or use a wheeled spreader on larger lawns. If gardeners feed the lawn again in six week’s time it will remain strong and healthy all summer, says the experts. Lawn weeds are a major headache that can stop many fully enjoying their lawn. A strong, healthy and well-fed lawn will be able to deal with weeds and moss far better than one that isn’t fed and looked after properly. But where weeds and moss are a problem gardeners need to deal with them “quickly”. The experts said: “If you just have weeds but no moss, then you can quickly treat your lawn with a liquid lawn weed killer. “These products contain special ingredients that, when applied in accordance with the instructions, won’t cause any damage to your lawn grasses but will control most broad-leaved weeds. “If you only have moss but no weeds then there are lawn moss killers available, most will also contain a feed so it will green up your lawn as it kills the moss - bear in mind the moss will turn black as it dies so you may not want to do this just before a party.”