High blood pressure is diagnosed when blood coursing through the veins exerts a high amount of pressure against the arterial walls. The condition is rife in the UK, affecting an estimated 16 million people. Leaving the condition to its own devices can substantially increase the risk of suffering a stroke or heart attack. One popular supplement, however, could cause a significant reduction in blood pressure over time. Blood pressure is a vital indicator of overall health, and numerous steps can be taken to prevent it from hiking. Keeping abreast of one's blood pressure readings is the first critical step for avoiding ill-health, yet estimations suggest 63 percent of Britons are unaware of their numbers. Other preventive measures include adhering to a heart-healthy diet, as poor food intake is a strong precursor for the disease. But some supplements, too, could help reduce a blood reading significantly in the space of a few weeks. READ MORE: High blood pressure: The small food that ‘significantly’ reduces hypertension in ‘weeks' Further research published in the journal Hypertension reinforces these findings, stating that magnesium tablets could be instrumental in preventing a hypertension diagnosis. In the study, researchers found that people who took the supplement had significantly lower blood pressure after months of treatment, compared to those who didn’t. The lead author of the study Doctor Yiqing Song, associate professor of epidemiology at Indiana University, said: “With its relative safety and low cost, magnesium supplements could be considered an option for lowering blood pressure in high persons or hypertension patients.” The findings of the study revealed that supplementation with magnesium as a median dose of 368 mg/d for a median duration of three months significantly reduced systolic blood pressure. But while magnesium supplements may aid in reducing blood pressure, the mineral can naturally be found in some food sources too. In fact, the nutrient is distributed in an array of plant-based and animal foods, where it is found in varying concentrations. Good dietary sources of magnesium include green leafy vegetables, such as spinach, legumes, nuts, seeds, and whole grains. The National Institutes of Health explains that foods contain dietary fibre and generally food sources of magnesium. The heath body adds: “Magnesium is also added to some breakfast cereals and other fortified foods. “Some types of food processing, such as refining grains, remove the nutrient-rich germ and bran, lower magnesium content substantially.” Alongside diet, undertaking regular exercise can go a long way to maintaining a healthy blood reading.