Patsy, Emily and Ebony took to the stage as they sang one of Amy's iconic songs in a bid to impress the judges, Sheridan Smith, Adam Lambert, Beverly Knight and Jason Manford. However, when ITV host Olly Murs asked the panel for their critique, Sheridan broke down in tears as she remembered the Rehab singer. "Sheridan, I know you knew Amy really well," Olly began. "What did you make of our Amy's tonight?" As the actress tried to compose herself, she replied: "Girls, you're amazing and I did know Amy. "She was so much more than the beehive and the tattoos. She was a beautiful soul, a very misunderstood soul but with the most incredible talent. "I think you've all really got that tonight, I think Patsy you've got the sass, Emily you're such a sweet girl and actually so was Amy behind all the madness." READ MORE: Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? She continued: "Ebony, a Sheffield girl, don't stop singing because your voice was bang on and I think you girls did Amy proud, so thank you." There were mixed reviews over the Amy Winehouse tribute singers, and while some viewers loved their performance, others were less than impressed. Paul Griffin praised: "Definitely Amy Winehouse trio the best tonight!!! #Starstruck." Queen Lauren wrote: "If I had to choose for Team Amy it would the lady in the black dress." While Sarah Louise tweeted: "Yes #teamAmy. Amy Winehouse was an absolute legend, one of my inspirations and still upsets me she is no longer with us. Amy had such a powerful and unique voice and you girls smashed it!! WOW. Patsy was my favourite but all the girls sounded great." However, Michelle pointed out: "Amy Winehouse had such a unique voice that I don't think many can replicate, they were good singers but not Amy Winehouse #Starstruck." (sic) "None of them really sounds like Amy but the one in the black dress is doing the best #starstruck," Amber Louise said. User @Lady_Boss_Lisa added: "When you’ve got a distinctive voice like Amy Winehouse they try too hard impersonating her and end up sounding ridiculous! #Starstruck." DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected me' [INSIGHT]Vera's Brenda Blethyn teases future episodes away from Newcastle [NEWS]Ben Shephard airs concern for Kammy as he gives health update [VIDEO] Elsewhere on the show, three budding singers took to the stage dressed as Justin Timberlake. While three others performed as Wrecking Ball hitmaker Miley Cyrus. However, it was Team Lionel Richie who impressed the judges the most as they sent them through to the sing-off. After all three performed once again, the panel decided to send Fil through to the final. Next week, the remaining six contestants will take to the stage to perform once more, but only one will be crowned the winner. Fil will join Rob, who will perform as Freddie Mercury, Rachael as Cher and Annastasia as Tina Turner. While Frankie will take to the stage as Billie Eilish and Keeley as Barbara Streisand. Although, only one can take home the £50,000 prize. Starstruck airs on Saturday at 8.30pm on ITV