Robson Green stars in a new series of Grantchester tonight as the drama returns for its seventh season. The actor plays DI Geordie Keating, who finds himself at odds with his new boss DCI Elliot Wallace and DC Larry Peters over the cause of a suspicious death. The Fifties crime drama, set in the Cambridgeshire village of Grantchester, has been on screens since 2014. It also stars Tom Brittney as Revered Will Davenport. Robson has always been an outspoken character away from the cameras, as seen when he ranted about social media in an interview with The Mirror in 2015. The actor said he quit all of the platforms because they are "infested with morons". He said: "I quit it all. It’s infested with morons. It’s for people who can’t shut up, even when they’re on their own. I like talking to people, I don’t hide behind a computer screen to communicate." Robson also spoke about other aspects of his personal life. On whether he owns flashy belongings, he said: "Nothing apart from a few nice watches. I used to buy lots of fireworks too. "I have a pyrotechnics licence and I put on displays. I did a couple of weddings a few years back. I’m not kidding you." Asked whether he gets fan mail, he added: "Loads. And I always try and reply. The best one was a woman who sent me money. "She wrote, 'You’re looking too thin for my liking, get yourself some fish and chips.' "She sent me 40 quid. I kept it. But God knows where she goes for her fish and chips for that money." He also opened up about his acting career, saying he wouldn't change a thing. Robson said: "I’ve had an extraordinary career and I want to go out on a high. When the wheel is still turning but the hamster is dead – well, that will never be me." Grantchester has been one of the highlights of Robson's career, but in 2019, the actor opened up about roles he hadn't enjoyed so much. READ MORE: Grantchester: Robson Green on Will's friendship 'Son I never had' Speaking to the Belfast Telegraph, he revealed that he had to "flee" from other work because of his dislike of his co-stars. On some of his previous work, Robson said: “Butt-clenchingly awful, some of them. Like, ‘I’ve got to get out of this hellhole’. “It’s just narcissism, I mean, narcissism is part of the equation of being an actor. But my God, there’s different levels and scales, and I’ve been alongside most of them. “There’s lots of other jobs that make me deeply unhappy, you know. In life, there are just some things that shall remain nameless, where I got up in the morning and went, ‘I don’t know if I’m going to get through the day’. “There’s a couple of things I’ve done where I’ve walked off, because I just can’t abide the people I’m working with, you know.” DON'T MISS Robson Green's rant on acting role: 'Get out of this hellhole' [INSIGHT] Grantchester star Robson Green broke down on set ‘Genuinely upset’ [ANALYSIS] Robson Green 'walked off' from acting role due to co-star fallout [INSIGHT] Recently, Robson admitted to the Mirror he would love to make a Grantchester film, revealing that while he had “directed various projects in the past”, he ruled out taking charge of a regular episode of Grantchester. He said: “In my view, it’s a young person’s game." He also told how he would love to be reunited with fellow Soldier Soldier actor Jerome Flynn as a guest star on the ITV show. Robson added: “Jerome would be great to have in Grantchester, he’s a fantastic actor." Grantchester airs on ITV this Friday at 9pm.