 Tim Rowling launched a change.org petition to protest London Mayor Sadiq Khan’s plans to expand the Ultra Low Emission Zone to cover all boroughs in the capital by 2023. Earlier this month, Mr Khan announced that the ULEZ is to be extended to encompass all of Greater London by the end of next year.  In the petition, Mr Rowling explained that the expansion would target working class people, since much of outer London is residential. He added: “Sadiq Khan is planning to push the extension of the London Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ) to all the London boroughs. “This will price working Londoners off the roads and cause the scrappage of perfectly good cars causing a terrible impact on the environment! “Extending the Ultra Low Emission Zone even further than to the current north and south circular limit will mean anyone OUTSIDE the zone will have to pay: £12.50 for cars, vans and motorbikes to drive in the zone, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. READ MORE: 'About time' New speed camera catches red light jumpers  “Outer London is residential and should NOT be subject to the ULEZ. “Even if you live nowhere near London please sign this petition because once this is passed in London, it will be coming to more towns and cities. “I have friends that have recently purchased cars on finance that will not be compliant, but will be trapped as they can’t afford to upgrade them. “Others that would have to pay £12.50 to visit sick relatives, this is simply not acceptable.” DON'T MISSNew driving law has one major exemption with rule change weeks away [INSIGHT]What to do if someone parks in front of your driveway [WARNING]New red diesel rule is a 'cash grab' with law change weeks away [SHOCKING]  The petition appeals directly to the London Mayor Sadiq Khan, Transport for London (TfL) and the UK Parliament. In just three days, the petition has surpassed 10,000 signatures. If the plans go ahead, drivers of more polluting vehicles will need to pay £12.50 a day to drive anywhere in the capital. This will mean only “clean” vehicles can drive within the M25 without paying the charge.  As part of the announcement the Mayor asked TfL to launch a consultation on expanding the ULEZ from its current boundary of the North and South Circular roads to cover all 33 boroughs. One person who signed the petition, Sara Hathrill, slammed the ULEZ, saying it would harm her local area. She wrote: “This is the worst decision to be made by the mayor of London yet, this will devastate Bexley and Sidcup’s shopping centres and ruin the majority of their residents. “There is no proof that expanding the ULEZ zone to Bexley will improve air quality.”  Mr Khan also announced that he was abandoning plans to impose a Greater London boundary charge. This would have charged out-of-town motorists entering London at least £3.50 per day. A third option was also dropped which involved a daily £2 “clean air charge” on all petrol and diesel cars driving in London. He said “further bold measures” are needed to reduce toxic air, tackle the climate emergency and cut congestion.