Iceland is the latest supermarket to issue a food recall. A food recall is when there is a problem with a product meaning it should not be sold. Instead, it is withdrawn - taken off the shelves - and customers are then asked to return the product to the store. Here are all the details. Iceland is recalling Iceland Takeaway Chicken Bhuna because it contains milk that is not declared on the label. The product is frozen and is found down Iceland’s frozen aisles. As a result of a packaging error, some packs may contain Iceland Takeaway Creamy Butter Chicken. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents. READ MORE: Food recalls: Tesco & Waitrose issue food recall amid salmonella risk The product details are: Pack size of 375g A batch code of L22026 A best before date of January 26, 2024 The allergen named is milk. DON'T MISS...Rare penny valued at £200k sold to the public [NEWS]Lewis Hamilton's strict diet and exercise regime to keep in shape [INTERVIEW]Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower ‘regularly’ [EXCLUSIVE] As for the action taken by the company, alongside recalling the product from customers, Iceland has been advised to contact the relevant allergy support organisations. They will then tell their members about the recall. The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tells them what to do if they have bought the product. Iceland commented: “We apologise for any inconvenience caused. “For further details or if you have any questions, please call our Customer Care Line on 0800 328 0800 and select option two. “For Stores in the Republic of Ireland, please call our Customer Care Line on 018853868 and select option five.” Customers who have bought the product have been asked to return it to any Iceland store where a full refund will be given. No receipt is required. Sometimes there will be a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold. Then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). Sometimes foods have to be withdrawn or recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or if there is any other food allergy risk. When there is a food allergy risk, the Foods Standards Agency (FSA) will issue an Allergy Alert.