Three-time F1 race winner Johnny Herbert believes that Mercedes and Lewis Hamilton could have the upper hand this year, having suggested that Red Bull may have shot themselves in the foot with a series of costly decisions in 2021. As February ticks over into March, Bahrain's curtain-raiser continues to creep closer as fans and drivers turn their attention away from last season's dramatic finale and towards what is to come. Max Verstappen's breathtaking victory over Hamilton defined the 2021 season, even after all the drama that came before their Abu Dhabi shootout. Michael Masi's controversial call, which ultimately handed the Dutchman an opportunity to snatch the win on the final lap, saw him sacked as FIA race director earlier this month. The sour taste left in Mercedes mouths seemed to detract from an eighth consecutive Constructors Championship, which was also sealed at Yas Marina. The victory hammered home the extent of their recent dominance, with a the opportunity to extend their unprecedented run to nine titles this year. READ MORE: FIA plan emergency meeting with Nikita Mazepin's future in F1 expected to be decided  Sweeping regulation changes have made the job more difficult though, with all teams embarking on a 'new era' of F1 with brand new machines to work with. The balance of power on the grid could be susceptible to change as a result, even after the Silver Arrows and Red Bull put distance between themselves and the rest in 2021. Herbert, who stood on the podium seven times during an 11-year F1 career, still believes that Mercedes will set the standard.  "I think Mercedes did so well last year because of the budget cap coming into effect," he told Sky Sports.  "Last year, their big upgrade was at Silverstone. "Red Bull seemed to do one more or less every race that we went to. "So maybe [Mercedes] are going to be pushing that budget towards what they're going to be using this year.  "For Mercedes, I think it could happen again for Lewis." Indeed, Hamilton is not the only driver who would benefit from a correct Herbert prediction, with George Russell no doubt keen to impress in his debut campaign for the Silver Arrows after stepping up from Williams. How he stacks up against Hamilton, and indeed the rest of the sport's big hitters, will be a key storyline followed by fans once the action gets back underway. Russell made a splash in Bahrain back in 2020 when deputising for Hamilton, with only a pit-lane mishap preventing him from taking a stunning victory. As the season's opening contest on March 20 edges closer, the youngster will be keen to make a similar, albeit more successful impact this time around. On the final day of testing in Barcelona last week, the 24-year-old's fastest lap was one tenth behind Hamilton, and both Silver Arrows stars were ahead of their Red Bull counterparts.