Lawn care should be the focus of gardening during spring as the green blades begin to sprout new growth. While cutting and seeding is essential from March onwards, it is crucial to correct any existing issues before refreshing a bare lawn. Brown patches are just one common issue many of us will experience as the weather warms up, but what can you do to fix them? These are the best remedies for a lacklustre lawn. Discolouration in your lawn can appear in large circular patches, often in a brown sandy shade. When these unsightly blotches appear in spring, they are most likely the result of: Turf diseaseAnimal urineChemical spills (oil, petrol)Soil compactionInsect damage While all of these triggers can leave your grass looking poor and lacklustre, there are still plenty of ways to salvage the green blades in your garden. Read More: Cleaning: How to descale your kettle - ‘so cheap and easy!’ The first step to treating brown patches in your lawn is to identify the cause of the issue. Turf disease Discoloured patches caused by turf disease and fungi are often:75mm to 600mm in diameter Visible after an extended bout of very wet weatherNoticeable during cold spells of 7C to 15C Treating blighted turf can be done with a few simple adjustments to everyday maintenance. To tackle disease-related brown patches, you should: Animal urine Brown circular patches with outer rings of bright, long grass is a telltale sign of animal urine damage to your lawn. Pets and foxes are the main culprits of these kinds of patches, but there is one simple trick which can correct the damage over time. Irrigate your lawn with just half an inch of water on the surface after your pet visits the garden, and try to encourage them to go on paved surfaces instead. In more extreme cases, you may need to dig up and replace the soil with fresh turf or seed. Dog rocks are a great solution to neutralise your pet’s urine as they drink water too. DON'T MISSInside Princess Michael of Kent's former £5.75million haunted house [PICTURES]How to clean your patio with two kitchen items [EXPLAINED]‘You can’t go wrong’: Coffee filter hack for potting up plants [INSIGHT] Chemical spills The key sign of chemical-induced patches are irregular, small patches of what looks like dying grass. Mowers and other machinery are the likely cause of these kinds of spills, so avoid filling your machinery on the grass while using petrol. Irrigation will work well to neutralise existing spills but you might want to dig out the soil if the patches do not improve over time. Insect damage If you notice unsightly patches near walls, fences or shaded and damp areas of your garden, you are probably dealing with insect damage. The larvae of various insects such as chafer grubs and leather jackets will eat the roots and top shoots of your grass, leaving your lawn damaged beyond repair in extreme cases. Keep an eye out for an influx of birds pecking at your lawn, as this could indicate an infestation of insects. West Norfolk Lawn Care recommends treating the problem with a pesticide. Soil compaction Brown blotches can appear in areas of heavy foot traffic after a particularly wet period during the winter. When sitting rainwater is unable to drain away from your lawn, the soil compacts, which prevents water from reaching the roots. The simplest remedy for thatched, compacted soil is to aerate or spike your lawn to relieve the pressure and increase the flow of water to the roots from the surface. In serious cases, you might need to top your lawn with a light dusting of sandy materials to improve soil quality and improve ventilation.