Manchester United could attempt to sign Juventus striker Paulo Dybala this summer if they appoint Mauricio Pochettino as their new manager. Dybala is set to leave Turin at the end of the season following the breakdown of his contract negotiations. United are on the hunt for a new manager as interim boss Ralf Rangnick is set to step aside and take a behind-the-scenes consultancy role at the end of the season. Paris Saint-Germain manager Pochettino is among the favourites to land the top job at Old Trafford, despite struggling to get the best out of his players in France. And if the Argentine is handed the reins in the north west, he could well be keen to sign his compatriot Dybala. Pochettino would have presumably watched many of Dybala’s 32 matches for Argentina as well as following his exploits for Juventus. The forward has found the back of the net 113 times in 283 games for the Italian giants. And Pochettino came face-to-face with the star when Juventus travelled to Wembley Stadium to face his Spurs side in the second leg of their Champions League round of 16 showdown in 2018. Ahead of the first leg of that encounter, Poch revealed exactly what he thought of the player. MUST READ: Man Utd face Raiola transfer trouble as Bayern 'bid' jeopardises plans    “I think Dybala will recover and I hope he does, because I think it's always nice to play against the best in the world,” Pochettino said. “I put Dybala in that category because he is a special talent and seeing him on the pitch is wonderful - even if he might cause your team a few problems.” Dybala missed the first leg with a hamstring injury as the sides played out a 2-2 draw at the Allianz Stadium. But he returned for the second leg and proved to be the match winner as his strike in the 67th minute handed Juve a 4-3 aggregate victory. DON'T MISS...Arsenal's kit for 2022/23 'leaked' as Adidas copy design from Man UtdTottenham's Conte given cause for concern by Argentina's Romero callMan City have Haaland fear with Real Madrid set to use transfer tactic     Dybala has won five Serie A titles and four Coppa Italias during his seven years in Turin. So he will surely be ready to move overseas when he calls time on his Juventus career. The player won’t be short of offers in the Premier League and United could be keen to secure his services even if they don’t appoint Pochettino. The Red Devils have struggled in front of goal at times this season - and Dybala is someone who clearly has the talent to make a huge impact at Old Trafford. And he wouldn’t cost a penny. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 