Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher last week claimed Manchester United should go all out to lure Thomas Tuchel to Old Trafford. Now, the former England defender has recommended another name to the Red Devils. United are on the search for a new permanent manager to replace Ralf Rangnick at the end of the season. Rangnick's interim spell is set to come to an end in the summer, with the German to take up a consultancy role. Mauricio Pochettino has long been linked with the job, dating back to his time in charge at Tottenham. Ajax boss Erik ten Hag is also high on the list of targets for United. The Daily Star claims Tuchel is now United's preferred candidate and the club feel Chelsea's continued problems off the pitch can help seal a deal. Carragher was one of the first pundits to throw Tuchel's name into the hat following the news of Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich being sanctioned by the UK Government last Thursday. READ MORE: Chelsea owner Abramovich linked with takeover at another club after Blues reign  But he now thinks Ten Hag would be the ideal man for United. Ajax crashed out of the Champions League to Benfica on Tuesday but Carragher says he is the right profile to take over at the Theatre of Dreams. "I would go with Ten Hag because I think he’s an up-and-coming manager," Carragher told CBS Sports. "Looking at Ajax, yes they’re dominant within their league, but what he’s done in the Champions League, in terms of the first Ajax team he built and got really close to the final, that team fell apart. DON'T MISSBillionaire friend of Donald Trump to make last-gasp Chelsea bid as deadline draws nearer [GOSSIP]Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick lands first signing as transfer terms signed [TRANSFERS]Man Utd ‘make another transfer approach’ as Harry Maguire faces being replaced [GOSSIP]  "To create this team now, yes he’s gone out of the last 16 but I think if you’re judging him as a coach you look at the group stage as well. Winning every game and the way they win. "It’s not just what trophy the manager’s won. It’s how his team plays, how he comes across. "He’s worked with Pep Guardiola as well, at Bayern Munich as the reserve team manager, so he’s got plenty of experience and he’s at a club in Ajax where you can go and take their manager or players, they’re a selling club. I just like the way they play football."  Carragher was also impressed with the classiness that Ten Hag showed following the defeat to Benfica. He added: "I was watching him at the end when the whistle went and I really liked the way he conducted himself. "His players were frustrated, but he shook the hand of every official, he stopped one of his own players who was trying to get at the official, all emotional, screaming and shouting. He shook hands with all the opposition and he had a nice bit of class about him because you can’t always win. "He plays really good football, seems a good character and he’s built two teams at Ajax that have done really well and that’s what Manchester United need now, someone to build a team again." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 