Russian President Vladimir Putin used a televised address to hit back at Ukraine and the West, saying his invasion is "going to plan". He railed against Russians he said were being provoked by the West into civil unrest, urging loyal Russians to "spit out" those he labelled as traitors among the people. Putin said: "Of course they will try to bet on the so-called fifth column, on traitors ‒ on those who earn their money here, but live over there. "Live, not in the geographical sense, but in the sense of their thoughts, their slavish thinking. A "fifth column" is a term long used to refer to those undermining a nation from within. While Putin has controlled the media narrative in Russia, anti-war sentiment is still being expressed by some protestors in the country and also by Russian figures elsewhere. Ukrainian MP Sviatoslav Yurash claimed to Express.co.uk that Putin has been warned by his inner circle that his invasion plan won't work. He said: "The Russian Defence Minister has said to Mr Putin in leaked conversation that the Ukrainian people are not going to give the country to him. "This is the only nation we have got so we are not going to give in. "We are determined to keep our nation, and Putin never thinks about people having any agency whatsoever, he always thinks that manipulation will work. "Ukrainians are putting up a fight in every single way so that's why he has not succeeded. "If he fails and basically cuts Russia off from the world, that means he has potentially destroyed the Russian reality for nothing. "I think Russian billionaires will make their protests known, but let's see what happens." Reports earlier this month claimed that a Russian whistleblower leaked information on the invasion. According to the Times, the whistleblower said Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has been a “total failure” and there are “no options for a possible victory ”. The leaker was reported to have worked in Russia's intelligence agency. The leaked report allegedly concluded: “Russia has no way out. There are no options for a possible victory, only defeat.” Mr Yurash also told Express.co.uk how the Ukrainian forces have been fighting back against Russia. READ MORE: Oil price surges to almost $100 per barrel as Boris returns empty h He said: "The weapons that have been provided to us have been put to good use here. "We have seen the Russian tanks, Russian machinery and and their heavy equipment being destroyed by the weapons the West helped to provide. "The fact of the matter is all of this is welcome, but what everybody talks about is a no-fly zone because the Russians have a numerical advantage in the skies, and because of that they are conducting bombing campaigns all over the country "To try and stop that we need the West and the world to take a stand here, and say to the Russians they cannot conduct air campaigns." Earlier this month, Russian billionaires Mikhail Fridman and Oleg Deripaska broke ranks with the Kremlin and called for an end to Russia's war in Ukraine. DON'T MISS Plan to save Royal Family from nuclear attack created years ago [INSIGHT] Russian McDonald's replacement ripped apart on Twitter - 'They have to [ANALYSIS] GB News: Dan Wootton praises Liz Truss after Zaghari-Ratcliffe deal [INSIGHT] Mr Fridman said: "My parents are Ukrainian citizens and live in Lviv, my favourite city. But I have also spent much of my life as a citizen of Russia, building and growing businesses. "I am deeply attached to Ukrainian and Russian peoples and see the current conflict as a tragedy for them both. "This crisis will cost lives and damage two nations who have been brothers for hundreds of years. While a solution seems frighteningly far off, I can only join those whose fervent desire is for the bloodshed to end."