Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started sharing unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now more a home organisation and family account, fans of the cleaning guru share their own tips on dedicated pages, including how to remove blood stains from bed sheets. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Yasmine Pamela wrote: “Recently piercing my ears and they have bled in the night. “Does anyone have any tips on getting the blood stains?” Stains can be a nuisance to remove and it can take a long time for them to completely disappear. Mrs Hinch fans took to the comments to share their advice, which included using salt and cold water. READ MORE: ‘Easy’ and ‘inexpensive’ ways to feed plants using ‘homemade’ trick Helen Fenemore wrote: “Soak in cold water and it’ll come out fine, don’t put hot water on it or the stain will set into the fabric.” It was also recommended that blood stains were cleaned as soon as possible to help prevent the spreading of it. Linda Simpson said: “Rub stain with very cold water and washing up liquid and then straight into the washing machine.” Yolande Clarkson suggested: “Salt on it with cold water, rub it and then wash it.” DON'T MISS:Monty Don shares the ‘one rule’ to follow when pruning the garden [COMMENT]Phil Spencer: Questions to ask when moving or extending [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to get grout looking ‘brand new’ in ‘minutes’ [INSIGHT] Sue Compton commented: “Soak in salt water overnight and then wash with cold water.” Salt has strong dehydrating properties and can help lift up the blood. It is great at drawing blood out of fabric, especially absorbent ones, although it may take a couple of times for the stain to disappear. Angela Signet said: “I make a little paste with salt and water, or you can sprinkle it on, worked brilliantly for me and it’s a super quick two minute trick.” Fiona Wright added: “Leave the paste on overnight or for a good few hours before washing it, it’ll work better.” “Salt and water all the way, or you could try baking soda if it doesn’t shift it,” said Patricia Cartwright. Other group members recommended using Elbow Grease Pre-Wash Stain Remover Spray, available for £1 in supermarkets. It is fume and solvent free and works to target stains on fabrics and porous materials. Mrs Hinch fans also shared top tips on removing stains from white towels. Jayne Elizabeth recommended using bicarbonate of soda to help keep towels white as well as keep them super soft. Using a baking soda paste can help to lift stains from various different fabrics, including towels. It can also help to lift stains from carpets, rugs and mattresses. Baking soda also has deodorising properties, meaning it can help with any smells that may have accumulated.