Manchester United have received a major transfer boost for the signing of Ronald Araujo. The Barcelona star is on their wish list and could be on the way out as the Catalan club look to bolster their funds. United might have seen their chances of signing Araujo skyrocket after Barcelona’s latest contract action. The Uruguay international has grown over the past seasons at the Nou Camp to become one of their most important defenders. Eric Garcia’s arrival signalled a blow to Araujo, but the former Manchester City star has been marginalised by his defensive rival. But the 22-year-old’s fine form has attracted suitors from afar, including United as they look to bolster their defence. Harry Maguire has had a nightmare campaign while Eric Bailly and Victor Lindelof have been linked with moves away after dropping down the pecking order. And Araujo has risen up the shortlist at Old Trafford, who have offered the Barcelona star a huge contract, report El Chiringuito. It was also reported that Barca’s own contract is just half of what the Red Devils have put on the table. That has given Ralf Rangnick a major boost in the race for the centre-back, who has also been attracting attention from Premier League rivals Chelsea. El Chiringuito report that United have offered Araujo a salary worth £8.3million (€10m), which works out to around £160,000-a-week. That is more than double what Barcelona are prepared to pay and they now face a battle to keep hold of the highly-rated player. It was stated that the Blaugrana could only muster £3.3m-a-year (€4m), roughly around £64,000-a-week. Araujo’s contract expires in the summer of 2023, which means Barca have a big decision to make in the upcoming transfer window. If they fail to accept an offer for the Uruguayan, then they risk losing him for nothing at the end of next season. However, Barcelona appear to have already made moves to secure a potential replacement with Chelsea’s Andreas Christensen on their wish list. The Denmark international will see his contract expire in the summer and talks have been called off, paving the way for his exit.