From huge, flawless diamonds to magnificent rubies, sapphires, and pearls, Queen Elizabeth’s jewellery collection features some of the world’s most eye-catching jewels. And, while earrings and necklaces normally take centre stage, the monarch is most famously known for wearing a variety of beautiful brooches. It’s thought that she owns over 98 incredible brooches which are not only extremely high value but also have special meanings behind them. Express.co.uk took a closer look at the Nizam of Hyderabad Rose brooches. Originally a tiara, the rose brooches were a gift from one of the world’s wealthiest men, The Nizam of Hyderabad. He gave Queen Elizabeth II a diamond necklace and tiara for her wedding in 1947. Although dismantled to make another headpiece, the original floral design tiara, set in diamonds and platinum and made by Cartier, featured three detachable brooches, depicting gorgeous roses. The Queen kept these detachable brooches and has worn them frequently - either as a pair or individually. READ MORE: Meghan Markle’s go-to anti-ageing beauty product - only £6 The diamond necklace also remains in its original condition and has been worn by the Duchess of Cambridge on several occasions. The rose brooches make occasional appearances, most recently in February when the monarch stepped out to celebrate 70 years on the throne. She wore them to accessorise a pale blue dress that was adorned with white daisies. Steven Stone’s leading diamond expert Max Stone said: “Queen Elizabeth chose to wear a pair of sensational brooches for her jubilee. DON'T MISS...Family distraught after spending £2k on 'atrocious' Corfu holiday [VIDEO]Horoscopes & love: Libra at risk of getting 'hurt’ in love [INSIGHT]Jamie Oliver’s American-style pancake recipe - how to make [GUIDE] “From looking at the pair of brooches together, the diamonds and detail is incredible. “We would value them at around £80,000 to £100,000.” Another memorable time the Queen wore the brooches was during her tour of Australia in 1954. Maxwell also commented on the Queen’s brooch collection as a whole. He said: “Queen Elizabeth has some of the most incredible jewels I’ve ever seen. “Whilst it’s difficult to put a price on them, as they come with so much history and legacy, after analysing 25 of her most iconic brooches, I’d estimate them to be collectively worth over £90million.” The most expensive brooch in the collection is the Cullinan III and IV Brooch. With a price tag of £50million, it's no surprise the royal doesn't wear it often. The Cullinan III and IV brooch is made of the third and fourth largest stones cut from the famous Cullinan Diamond. The second most expensive brooch the Queen owns is the Williamson diamond brooch which is said to be worth £25million. The Prince Albert Brooch, which dates back to the 1800s, is the brooch with the third-highest price tag in the collection - £8million.