It is an increase that is likely to hit motorists across Europe hard including the UK with limited access to Russian oil because of the conflict. European countries are likely to become more reliant on expensive American supplies.  Lukoil, led by billionaire Vagit Alekperov, called for an “immediate cessation” to the fighting. In a statement, the company said it would support negotiation and a diplomatic resolution to the conflict. They said: "We stand for the immediate cessation of the armed conflict and fully support its resolution through the negotiation process and through diplomatic means.” It is the first statement of its kind from a major company inside Russia and reflects a growing sense of disenchantment amongst Russian oligarchs previously supportive of Vladimir Putin.  Mr Alekperov has seen billions wiped off his fortune during the crisis. Lukoil shares had fallen sharply before trading was suspended indefinitely in Moscow on Monday. The company runs thousands of petrol stations across the United States. However, on Wednesday, Newark in New Jersey passed a resolution suspending the business licence for Lukoil sites following the invasion  DON'T MISS: UK port workers vow to not touch tankers with Russia. Lukoil’s statement comes after two of Russia’s richest men have condemned the invasion. Mikhail Fridman, the co-founder of Alfa-Bank, said the invasion was a “tragedy” for Ukrainians and Russians. He added that war “can never be the answer”. Oleg Deripaska, the founder of aluminium giant Rusal and a key Putin ally, said “negotiations must start as soon as possible” and that “peace is the priority”. DON'T MISS:  Saudi Arabia hands Putin oil lifeline after major blow [REVEAL] Hypocrite' Biden slammed as US imports 672,000 oil barrels a day [INSIGHT] Petrol prices today: Expert predictions as costs reach record high [SPOTLIGHT]  Russian oligarchs have been criticising the invasion as many of them have had their assets frozen in the West. Ratings agency S&P lowered Russia’s sovereign debt deeper into junk territory on Wednesday, with a ‘CCC-‘ rating and a warning that the country will be unable to pay its debts. It comes as US crude oil has surged to a high of $111 a barrel on Friday morning. Brent crude went even higher reaching a high of $113. 