Kate Middleton and Prince William are parents to Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince Louis, three. The Duchess of Cambridge has openly spoken about her daughter’s love of olives and also Louis’ love of beetroot in the past.  Angela Karanja, an Adolescent Psychologist and founder of Raising Remarkable Teenagers spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain. She said: “Kate says she involves her children when cooking and in her cooking space. "Involvement and hands-on experience generate ownership of the process and real deep learning happens in these moments. “Because Kate says she enjoys vegetables, she’s more likely to imbue this positive love to her children and the choices they make.  READ MORE: Major diesel changes being introduced in April will 'punish hauliers' “I’m sure her children didn’t just wake up on the first day and pick beetroot, carrots and olives and said they loved it! “Mum Kate chose these to begin with, then because of the positive expression towards these foods and consistency, the children developed a positive association with the foods, took to the taste, learned and acquired it and now it’s a habit – a good habit. “Also, the language we use around food is very important. It’s likely that Kate calls carrots, olives and beetroots treats. "Because let’s be honest, our human brains love treats, and what we call treats is what our children will gravitate to more, compared to other foods.  “Parents can change and start referring to healthier options as treats and thus get their children onto this norm and we can change the culture of referring to biscuits and sweets as treats. “I have no doubt that Kate involving her children in the choices and preparation has contributed to the choices they make today. “Whilst it may not be the quickest way to make meals, it yields best returns - children accrue life skills, time spent together is a connection, an opportunity to trust some more, and an opportunity to make messy mistakes, be human, and be a real mum.” What tricks does Kate use that other parents can emulate to keep their children in line?  Angela continued: “One of the qualities that I believe Kate has embraced is 'parenting is leadership'. "I say to parents all the time that parenting is leadership and leaders are learners - constantly learning new and better ways to manage ourselves and subsequently guide and lead these young ones who are dependent on us. “Take for example Kate’s recent trip to Denmark to learn about the Danish early years' support system. "This shows how much she’s willing to learn. "Whilst not all of us will travel to other lands to learn new ways, we can actively connect with other parents and supportive systems (in essence the village it takes to raise a child) so we can learn ways to enhance our children’s holistic development,” the expert noted. She continued: “Kate has spoken about having a 'chat sofa' where they speak with the child about their behaviour instead of sending them to the naughty corner.  “There are immense psychological benefits to this practice. It allows the child to remain close to the parent so that they know they are still loved, even when their behaviour is unacceptable. "Young people learn to distinguish between themselves and their behaviour. It allows the child to express their own feelings whilst in the comfort of the parents' safety. “The burden of shame and blame on the child is relieved. The burden of shame and blame is what makes children tell lies, so they are not chastised – shame is a terrible feeling and we all want to avoid it at all costs. “So, when we address children’s behaviour without shaming them, they learn to feel safe with us and to tell the truth in instances where they have been caught or even when they have not been." 