Max Verstappen has hit out at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix track, describing it as ‘very, very dangerous’ after Mick Schumacher suffered a horror crash. Qualifying was red flagged on Saturday night, following Schumacher’s 170mph crash. After initial worries, it was finally confirmed the German youngster was ‘physically in a good condition’ following a statement from himself and his team. To reassure fans post-race, Schumacher took to Twitter to write: “Hi everyone, I just wanted to say that I’m ok. Thank you for the kind messages. The car felt great @haasf1team, we’ll come back stronger.” Despite being given the all-clear, one of Schumacher’s fellow drivers in Verstappen was left angered by the incident and took aim at the ‘dangerous’ design of the Jeddah track, after it was modified for this year’s race. “Last year for me, personally, I was happy with how we went through the weekend in terms of crashes," said the Dutchman. “In some places, if you lose the car like today with Mick and you go flat out into the wall it is extremely painful and very, very dangerous. Not only that, the straights are not entirely straight because they're all a bit blind. I don't understand why you need to design the track [like this] "If it's going to be flat out just design it straight. It's just safer for everyone." JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton visits Haas HQ after Mick Schumacher flown to hospital in Saudi Arabia  Following the clear up of Schumacher’s incident, qualifying was finally able to resume and Verstappen was no doubt hoping to take advantage. However, the world champion revealed the break hindered him rather than helped, and put his struggles down to the feel of his tyres. After conjuring a fourth-place finish, he said: “It felt like I was driving on a different tyre. Every corner I was losing one or two tenths while doing the same preparation, so I don't understand what went wrong there. “After such a long break because of the red flag everything cools down, ambient track so there is a big track progression, but for me, it felt like I was actually getting slower.That's something which was very weird and I still had my delta from Q1 and I never improved on that going into Q3. Some corners I was still losing time to, so that was pretty weird.” Despite an underwhelming finish for Verstappen, his team-mate Sergio Perez shone through as the Mexican collected his first-ever pole position on the grid. Speaking highly of his fellow Red Bull driver afterwards, the world champion said: “It's not the end of the world as we see the potential in the car with Checo [Perez] in first. I'm happy for him, he deserves it. For tomorrow we look good and have good top speed as well. I hope we can use that." 