Arsenal’s transfer pursuit of Dominic Calvert-Lewin has been given a boost following reports that Everton have been linked with a top replacement for their star striker. The Gunners have been frequently linked with England forward Calvert-Lewin as they step up their chase for a centre-forward.   Calvert-Lewin enjoyed an exceptional season last term under Carlo Ancelotti. The 25-year-old scored 21 goals in all competitions and went to Euro 2020 as Harry Kane’s back-up. But injuries have hindered his form this campaign. The former Sheffield United star suffered a quadricep problem after scoring in the Toffees’ first three Premier League games under Rafa Benitez. Former Liverpool boss Benitez was sacked in January and replaced by Frank Lampard. Calvert-Lewin has been eased back into the side.   JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte identifies four summer transfers That, though, has not prevented speculation over his future. Calvert-Lewin has been strongly linked with Arsenal as Mikel Arteta tries to locate his striker for next season. And the Gunners might have been given a boost after hearing that Everton have joined the race to sign a possible replacement. According to Marca, Lampard has been linked with a deal for Real Madrid flop Luka Jovic. Jovic, 24, has scored just three goals in 49 appearances since joining Los Blancos in a £50m transfer from Eintracht Frankfurt in 2019.   DON'T MISS...Bruno Guimaraes sends bold Newcastle message to Man City and LiverpoolMan Utd 'have already interviewed Erik ten Hag' with Ajax exit toutedWhat Man Utd have said as 'clear favourite' Ten Hag interviews for job At Frankfurt, Jovic earned a reputation as one of Europe’s most highly-rated strikers, scoring 27 goals in the season before he departed for Spain. He was loaned back to the Bundesliga side last term but his form did not improve. Jovic could then look to move on to pastures new as he looks to rekindle his best displays. Everton could offer that opportunity, while Marca also claim Arsenal themselves remain interested. The North Londoners are desperate to sign a striker after missing out on a couple of targets in the January transfer window. Dusan Vlahovic flirted with a move to the Emirates Stadium, only to swap Fiorentina for Juventus.    Arteta faces the unique situation of losing all three first-team strikers with whom he started the campaign. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was allowed to leave for Barcelona after falling out with the Spaniard. Meanwhile, Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both see their contracts expire at the end of June. Neither seem likely to extend their deals beyond the summer. Arsenal have been linked with several forwards and could end up needing to sign at least two if Lacazette and Nketiah both leave. Napoli’s Victor Osimhen and Lille’s Jonathan David have been suggested as possible transfer targets, while Calvert-Lewin continues to be linked.   