Contestants Colin, Steve, Debbie and Claire all hoped they would walk away with a cash prize when they appeared on The Chase. After two players made it through to the final with ease, Debbie made the bold decision to take Paul 'The Sinnerman' Sinha's low offer of minus £2,000. However, the Chaser later took a savage swipe at the contestant when she secured a place in the final. Colin, who donned a Union Jack waistcoat and bow tie, was the first player to take to the stage and he raised an impressive £7,000 during his cash-builder round. He sailed through to the final after going up against The Sinnerman. "He's a good player, you wouldn't think so looking at it," Paul quipped following his victory to host Bradley Walsh. Software analyst Steve was next up and after raising £8,000 in his opening round Paul offered to play against him for £2,000, £8,000 or £40,000. READ MORE: Coronation Street matriarch Aggie Bailey dead as Abi takes revenge? "I am tempted at £40,000 I've got to say, but I am going to go with £8,000," Steve told Bradley. He also made it through to the final which brought the prize money up to £15,000. The next player to face the Chaser was an artist from Kent called Debbie who went into great detail about her latest art project made out of 2,000 crisp packets. After securing just £2,000 in her cash-builder round, the Chaser offered her to play for -£2,000, £2,000 or £42,000.  She admitted: "I'm really sorry guys, I am going to bottle it and go for the lower offer. I feel really bad, but not bad enough to go for the £2,000." Her decision paid off, but when she made it through to the final, Bradley said of her fellow contestants: "That has not gone down well, don't turn round." A disgruntled Paul added: "I don't know what you are cheering about." However, Debbie clapped back: "I'm through, I got more questions right than you." DON'T MISS...The Chase's Bradley Walsh scolds Jenny Ryan after team loses £60k [LATEST]'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star [UPDATE]Anne Hegerty pulls out of Beat the Chasers as she names replacement [INSIGHT] Paul quipped: "They have brought in new rules where you bring home what you brought into the final, has no one told you those rules?" In a bit to mitigate the situation Bradley interjected: "It doesn't matter, I have got three players in the final." The focus was turned to final contestant Claire who also raised £2,000 in her opening round. She decided to "be braver than her predecessor" and play for £2,000 in the next round instead of the -£3,000 offer. 