Professor Neil MacFarlane, specialist in the former Soviet region, said that the "key point" to Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine is the eastern region of Crimea and the city of Mariupol in the southeast of the country. He said that a shortage of troops has left the Russians unable to carry out "additional offensives" elsewhere in the country, in what suggests hope for a possible peace deal between the two nations. Prof MacFarlane said that while it appears both sides are making positive steps in their negotiations, the territorial issue of eastern Ukraine remains disputed. Putin has demanded that Ukraine recognises the territories of the Donbas and Crimea as under Russian control. While it seems Putin will go back on his demand for the “denazification” and “demilitarisation” of Ukraine, he will not back down on the issue of eastern territory. It was reported on Monday evening that Putin and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky will discuss this issue at a later date, according to the Financial Times. Prof MacFarlane said: “The key point becomes the territorial issue about that area in the east and in the south. “I don’t see Putin giving up Crimea. After all, he just spent $15billion on a bridge from Russia to Crimea. “The Russians have attempted to push towards Odessa but have failed and they have a shortage of troops now. “If they’re going to concentrate on eastern Ukraine, they cannot do additional offensives. So, I guess this is why Putin said their focus is now on the east.” READ MORE: Putin unleashes hypersonic missiles as Russia backed into corner He added that the city of Mariupol will also be vital to Putin’s plans and that peace between the nations is unlikely to come about if Russia cannot claim that area. He said: “He needs Mariupol because it is a key point in the coastal corridor from Crimea into Russia.” It follows news that “time is running out for civilians in Mariupol”, according to The International Committee of the Red Cross. Condemning Russian action, they said that the city has now “gone for weeks with no humanitarian assistance”. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Putin deploys 1,000 strong assassination squad [LIVE] CNN interview with Chernihiv mayor cut after massive explosion [VIDEO] Turkey talks: Is Putin dangling ceasefire in bid to buy time? [INSIGHT] Russian and Ukrainian delegates met in Istanbul today to resume negotiations and attempt to broker a ceasefire as the death tolls on both sides continue to climb. It has been reported that Moscow is prepared to allow Ukraine to join the European Union on the condition that Kyiv agrees to a number of security concessions. These include the promise not to develop nuclear weapons nor host foreign military bases, as well as ditching its attempts to join NATO. Meanwhile, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has allegedly expressed an openness to talking about the country’s neutrality, one of the Russian leader’s demands.