In the latest series of Bridgerton Penelope was still lusting over Colin Bridgerton (played by Luke Newton) while continuing to publish gossip articles about the wealthiest residents in town under the pseudonym Lady Whistledown. Although romance did not blossom between the pair, the actress has hinted their relationship gets steamier in the future. However, Penelope actress Nicola admitted she has mixed feelings about filming sex scenes. The Netflix phenomenon is based on the collection of historical romance novels by author Julia Quinn and as the first two seasons loosely follow the books, fans are hoping to see sparks fly between Penelope and Colin soon. Their romance is explored in the fourth book of the series, Romancing Mister Bridgerton, so the two characters may share some intimate scenes together in an upcoming season. However, Irish actress Nicola has revealed she might ask the director for a "family-friendly cut" of any of her racy scenes. The Derry Girls actress admitted to Digital Spy: "It's exciting and terrifying." READ MORE: New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air The 35-year-old said as the timing draws closer to her love story with Colin blooming, "it becomes progressively less funny and more intimidating". She added: "I'm really interested in how it's gonna play out because she's quite modern in a lot of ways in that she, she's a businesswoman. "She's super serious about her career, but she also wants the love she also wants the marriage she wants." Nicola said she may have to submit a "special request" to producers for a less raunchy version to prevent her family and friends from watching something too explicit.  She explained: "I think I'm genuinely and I'm not kidding – going to ask Shondaland for a special family-friendly cut. "Because I just think it's embarrassing enough watching the scenes that I am not in there like that." She continued: "I'm just sort of like haha, so I think I'm going to put a special request in my contract to be like, can we just get one that's the PG version, like maybe a little kiss and then we're good because I've read the book. "So I know that it gets extremely racy in that scene. I know already stuff that's gonna happen. So I'm like, no, we're good. We're fine. It's intense." DON'T MISS...Bridgerton season 2: Edwina star’s huge lie to avoid spoilers [LATEST]Bridgerton 'blunder': Experts point out Lady Danbury inaccuracy [INSIGHT]Bessie Carter parents: Who are the Bridgerton star's famous parents? [EXPLAINER] She touched upon a racy carriage scene from the book with her character, saying: "It’s just if they’re sort of arguing, and then it all gets very romantic, shall we say, but I think it will be such a good scene in the show. "It terrifies me to think of filming but I think it would be really great." The first season of Bridgerton centred around the evolving love story between Daphne Bridgerton (Phoebe Dynevor) and the Duke of Hasting (Regé-Jean Page) and included a mix of steamy scenes. The second series focuses on newcomers Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley), her sister Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran), and their love triangle with Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey). 