German tennis icon Boris Becker is set to stand trial after he was accused of failing to hand over his trophies to settle debts. The 54-year-old was declared bankrupt in June 2017 and has allegedly not complied with obligations to disclose particular information. Becker allegedly failed to hand over trophies including his 1985 and 1989 Wimbledon men’s singles titles, his Australian Open trophies from 1991 and 1996 as well as his 1992 Olympic gold medal. The German won 49 singles titles from 77 finals during his 16 years at the pinnacle of tennis. The former world number one has been accused of removing hundreds of thousands of pounds by transferring the money to other accounts, including to former wife Barbara Becker and estranged wife Sharlely Becker. Becker, who served as a commentator for the BBC at Wimbledon last year, is facing a three-week trial on an indictment of more than 20 counts at Southwark Crown Court on Monday in front of Judge Deborah Taylor. The six-time Grand Slam champion will be assisted by a German translator. READ MORE: Medvedev warned his 'family will pay a price' if he denounces Putin Becker denies 24 charges under the Insolvency Act between May and October 2017. They include nine counts of failing to hand over trophies and other awards, and seven counts of concealing valuable property. He is also charged with five counts of failing to disclose estate, including the properties in Germany and London, shares and a bank account, two of removal of property amounting to more than £400,000 and one of concealing approximately £700,000 of debt. The prosecution is being brought by the Insolvency Service on behalf of Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu discovers gruelling Miami Open fate as draw madeNadal appears to drop retirement hint after losing Indian Wells finalNadal beaten in Indian Wells final as Federer returns to court Judge Taylor told the jury: “You must leave aside anything you have heard or any preconceptions about this case, including anything about this defendant, and start with a blank page. “You must ignore this defendant’s celebrity and treat him in exactly the same way you would treat someone you have not heard of and is not in the public eye.” Judge Taylor said it was not suggested Becker ‘does not speak English’ but said he may need help with ‘technical vocabulary such as legal concepts’. Prosecutor Rebecca Chalkley will reportedly open the case later on Monday afternoon.