Rafael Nadal is set to miss several weeks of action after suffering a rib injury at the Indian Wells Masters. The Spaniard had been playing through the agony of a stress fracture in his chest, which he is believed to have sustained during his semi-final match against compatriot Carlos Alcaraz. Remarkably, the 35-year-old managed to overcome his pain to win that match and set up a meeting with home favourite Taylor Fritz in the final. He was unable to beat the American, however, as he fell to a straight sets defeat while still experiencing obvious discomfort on the court. After returning to Spain, he underwent medical checks which identified the source of the stabbing pain he was experiencing in his chest. The stress fracture on his rib had also left Nadal complaining of dizziness and some breathing difficulties. "As it turns out, I have a stress crack in one of my ribs and will be out for 4-6 weeks," he announced on social media. "This is not good news and I did not expect this. I am hollow and sad because after the start of the season I have had such a good time. JUST IN: Murray highlights how he can help Raducanu with coaching admission "I reached a very important part of the year with very good feelings and good results. But hey, I've always had that fighting spirit and what I will do is be patient and work hard after my recovery. Once again thanks to everyone for the support." His injury has curtailed what had been an incredible start to the Spaniard's season. That defeat against Fritz in the Indian Wells final ended a 20-match winning streak which had seen him lift three trophies, the main one being the Australian Open in January, and shoot back up to third in the world rankings. What makes that run of form even more remarkable is that he came into the year having spent several months away from the sport while he managed his chronic foot problem. There has been no sign of rustiness, though, and his unbeaten record might even still be intact had it not been for his broken rib. DON'T MISS:Nadal hit with big injury blow to hand Djokovic French Open advantageFritz ignored team's Indian Wells advice amid defiant Nadal responseZverev critics slammed by Williams' coach after angry umpire behaviour Unfortunately, this latest injury layoff has forced Nadal to make some chances to his schedule. He had been due to appear next at the Monte Carlo Masters, which begin on April 9, but as that is less than three weeks away he will have to cancel that appearance. He will also be unable to begin his clay court season at the Barcelona Open a week later, as that falls within the timeframe that he announced to fans online. That means two chances fewer for the Spaniard to prepare for his beloved French Open in May. As it stands, his most likely return date is the Madrid Open. The tournament in the Spanish capital is set to begin on April 26, exactly five weeks from when he announced his injury layoff. If he suffers no setbacks in his recovery, there is a good chance Nadal will be fit enough to play. If not, then the Rome Masters is also a possibility for the 21-time Grand Slam champion. It is scheduled to get under way on May 2, giving Nadal an extra week to get himself match fit should he need it. If he is unable to take part in the Italian capital, then he might find himself going into Roland Garros without any competitive practice in two months.