Mandatory speed limiters are set to be introduced in July under new European Union rules which will see all new vehicles fitted with it. The Intelligent Speed Assist (ISA) technology will ensure that drivers stick to speed limits in a bid to reduce accidents and save lives. Although the UK has left the EU after Brexit, the Government has kept a number of new driving laws for the sake of ease of manufacturing. From July 6, 2022, all new vehicles sold in Europe will be fitted with a speed limiter. Just two years later, on July 7, 2024, the 2019/2044 regulation mandates that all new cars that have already launched are fitted with ISA technology. With the legal speed limit set at 70mph in the UK there is growing concern the speed and power of modern vehicles is a major player in the number of incidents caused on British roads. READ MORE: Driver fined for charging his EV at Lidl Limiters work differently to cruise control in the fact that they set a top speed that cannot be eclipsed. Some have compared the technology to cruise control, where the vehicle is kept at a constant speed that is chosen by the driver. These speed limiters will use technology similar to GPS devices to help recognise the local speed limit in that area – this system will then send a warning to the driver via the dashboard to remind them of the speed limit. Their implementation is to provide a safety net for temporary lapses in concentration that can sometimes be the cause of a collision. DON'T MISS‘Privileged’ couple get swift justice for parking pedestrian crossing [SHOCKING]Grants extended as drivers could save £16,000 on an electric vehicle [INSIGHT]New car tax proposals would save drivers money on fuel costs [WARNING] However, the introduction of this technology is not likely to go without some objection, as congestion and vehicle emissions may increase. There is also a perceived view that car manufacturers will raise concerns that the implementation of these devices may frustrate drivers. Many vehicle owners buy cars for their power output but speed limiters could inhibit the ability to utilise this power. A spokesperson for LeaseElectricCar.co.uk highlighted the changes that UK drivers would face when they are introduced. They said: ”There is always likely to be concern and uncertainty from some motorists when new changes and regulations are implemented. “Ultimately these proposed changes are for the safety of the driver and other road users. “Although these systems can be overridden and removed, we believe it is a positive message that all new cars will include this technology. “Too many incidents are caused by reckless speeding every year and this could be a step in the right direction in trying to reduce this number. “Over the next few years there are going to be plenty of changes to motoring in the UK and we urge all drivers to keep up to date with all the regular updates.” According to new data from Molex, 94 percent of those polled agree that digital technologies create exciting opportunities for vehicle architectures and driving experiences. Mike Bloomgren, SVP, president of Transportation and Industrial Solutions at Molex, said that drivers want to see more technology in their vehicles. He added: “The speed of change across the automotive industry is fast and furious as digital technologies deliver new and more powerful features to fuel the success of next-gen vehicles. “Our latest survey shows strong momentum across the ecosystem amid demands for greater cooperation to reduce design complexities and meet consumer expectations.” In ranking the biggest obstacles to building a data centre on wheels, more than half of respondents cited cybersecurity as their main fear.