Arsenal are still set to be without right-back Takehiro Tomiyasu for this weekend's visit of Leicester, reports say. Tomiyasu has not played a single minute in the Premier League since the New Year's Day defeat to Manchester City. His last appearance in any competition was the 2-0 Carabao Cup semi-final second leg defeat to Liverpool on January 20. Tomiyasu suffered a calf injury in January which kept him out until the visit of Brentford on February 19. He was an unused substitute in the 2-1 win at the Emirates. However, Mikel Arteta confirmed Tomiyasu suffered an injury to his other calf in the days after that match. The Evening Standard says Tomiyasu is not expected to be fit for the vital match against Leicester on Sunday. JUST IN: Real Madrid to meet with Kylian Mbappe in 'next 10 days' after star 'rejects PSG contract'  The news is sure to be a worry to Arteta, who has not been able to put any timeframe on the 23-year-old's return. Tomiyasu joined Arsenal from Italian side Bologna on transfer deadline day last summer. He immediately took to life in the Premier League and became a favourite with supporters. Cedric Soares has impressed in Tomiyasu's absence but Arteta will want his first-choice XI available for the business end of the season. DON'T MISSMan Utd icon Dimitar Berbatov names four potential transfers to begin new era [EXCLUSIVE]Karim Benzema and Robert Lewandowski send Mohamed Salah message to Liverpool owners FSG [COMMENT]Cesar Azpilicueta becomes first Chelsea player to break silence over Roman Abramovich [INTERVIEW]  Arsenal are fourth in the Premier League as they aim to qualify for the Champions League for the first time since 2016. The Evening Standard says they are set to have Emile Smith Rowe back available this weekend. Smith Rowe missed the 3-2 win at Watford after testing positive for COVID-19. The England international has played just twice since January due to injury and illness.  Arsenal have a thin squad after six players were allowed to leave in the winter transfer window, without any new signings being made. Any first-team player being absent from now until the end of the season would mean an academy player being named in the 20-strong match day squad. Right-back Zak Swanson and attacking midfielder Omari Hutchinson were on the bench at Watford in place of Tomiyasu and Smith Rowe. Arsenal are currently one point clear of fifth-placed Manchester United, with three games in hand over the Red Devils.  However, north London rivals Tottenham are set to provide more competition for fourth spot. Antonio Conte's side are just two points behind the Gunners and have won their last two league matches, scoring nine goals and conceding none in the process.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here