After a short run that divided public opinion, the fast-food chain has decided to scrap the Chicken Big Mac. It was launched on February 2 and despite selling out within just 10 days, it's not becoming a permanent fixture on the menu. Within two weeks of the launch of the Chicken Big Mac, the official McDonald’s Twitter revealed: “Well, that escalated quickly. “Your love for the limited edition Chicken Big Mac knew no bounds and it’s sold out almost everywhere. “Thank you for lovin’ it even more than we thought you would, it’ll be back soon.” They added: “Don't worry, it'll be back soon! Stay tuned and we'll be the first to let you know.” READ MORE: Supermarket yellow stickers: Best time to get discounts  And while the popular Big Mac meal did make a comeback, it has been discontinued once again. This is despite its incredible popularity among McDonald’s fans. Twitter user Sarah stated: “Are u serious, just make it permanent!!!! It was the best thing I’ve ever eaten at McDonald’s!” Many users were outraged, with one McDonald’s lover lamenting: “I need McDonald's to make the Chicken Big Mac permanent." Others were grateful for the experience of trying the culinary concoction at all: “I’d like to thank you McDonald's. The Chicken Big Mac has been an outstanding creation." Some even made suggestions about how it could be improved; Mark Padden pondered: “Tried it, meh. I did wonder why it didn't come with onions though? Thought it was meant to be all normal big mac ingredients but with chicken burgers?” But some were glad to see the back of this chicken treat: "I’m sorry the Chicken Big Mac did absolutely nothing for me. Why was there hype?" Twitter user Frederick Colbey announced: “Meh, I definitely prefer the beef.” Like all good foods, the Chicken Big Mac certainly divided opinion before its departure from the menu. The meal cost £4.09 for just the sandwich, while a medium meal with chips and a drink would set people back £5.59. For just 40p more, peckish McDonald’s goers could supersize. But fans of the Chicken Big Mac should not be too upset, as another product is likely to be added in its place. On Twitter, McDonald's Nucleus GB, a franchisee group of 10 Maccies restaurants across Sunderland, Hartlepool and County Durham, released a teaser. "Not long left to try our Chicken Big Mac, before the new promotion starts.” This isn’t the only update the fast-food chain has made to its menu. The McPlant burger was launched in all franchises this year.