The discussion on Good Morning Britain came after it was reported a school in York came together to show solidarity to Ukraine. Around 2,000 students formed a “chain of peace” across York City on Wednesday as they linked together by a ribbon in Ukrainian national colours of blue and yellow. However, the debate got heated during Friday’s show as Kate Garraway and Ben Shephard spoke with a teacher and a former teacher about whether children should be sheltered by what is going on in Ukraine. Teacher Jo Sandwell, who teaches at the school in York explained why she wanted to get the children involved and to teach them about the war in Ukraine. However, parenting expert and former teacher Vicki Broadbent claimed there are other ways to teach children and to make it more inclusive at schools. Jo explained the children coming together was nothing to do with politics. She said: “I think, first of all, I don't think anybody that was involved in terms of students, staff or parents felt that this was about politics.” READ MORE: Coronation Street twist as Phill Whittaker's secret unveiled? She continued: “It certainly wasn't about standing against anybody, it was standing for something that's really important." As the discussion got heated, Kate interrupted: “When you stand up for something that is political! “It doesn't have to be Westminster the squabbling politics, but it's political.” Jo replied: “I think it's about social justice and I think in that sense what we're trying to do as a school, and what all schools are asked to do by either the government, by Ofsted is to be able to help our students to understand things in the right way and to be media literate.”  She went on to add: “The students that we took on this event, on our peace chain are 11 to 18. “Most of them have access to mobile phones, and they are getting their news and their understanding of what's going on often on their social media things. “It's absolutely essential that schools alongside parents support parents in their ability to be able to discuss at an age-appropriate level, what it is that's actually going on. “I think it would be irresponsible not to do that because students are involved, they are watching these things, they are seeing them and actually talking about it.” DON'T MISS...Vladimir Putin facing 'additional pressure' from alleged secret family [VIDEO]All Creatures Great and Small: Helen Alderson radiant in wedding snaps [INSIGHT]Tessa Peake-Jones husband: Who is the Grantchester star married to? [CAST]  Vicky went on to put her point across as she explained: “I understand that your intentions were good and pure, but unfortunately, it could be seen as quite confronting. “I think it's such a complex issue war, and those children do look quite young as well. “I'm quite concerned, my children have Russian children in their class and I know that they're concerned that that might be discriminated against and vilified. “It is not necessarily the most effective way to raise discussion and also, there are other things you could [do] fundraise or a bake sale.”  The segment sparked a strong reaction with viewers, and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Agreeing with teacher Jo, Monica wrote: “Good on them, standing with Ukraine does NOT mean they are demonising Russians, most Russians will be standing with Ukraine especially if they are living here! If they want to support their country, they would be there not here. What the schools did was show support for PEACE.” (sic) Sandy praised: “We all have the right to pray. Well done #york well done those students. I was so lifted to see this and my prayers to are with the #ukraine. It’s only those that choose to make this an issue that should hold themselves accountable and guilty. Nothing more healing than prayer.” (sic) However, user @aw290684 disagreed: “Would the kids have done that off their own backs? Absolutely not! Forced into it in what looks like bad weather conditions.” Lisa added: “Making the children stand out in the cold and wet for 5 mins of fame is ridiculous, wonder if the children know this has been going on a long time and both are in the wrong!” (sic) Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 