ABC’s procedural drama The Rookie returned with a different format this week which saw the officers being interviewed for a reality series. While viewers enjoyed the episode, their smiles soon turned into frowns when they realised the show would be going on a three-week hiatus.  On the recent instalment of The Rookie titled ‘Real Crime’ Officer Aaron Thorsen (played by Tru Valentino) looked into resetting his reputation. This idea came after he was arrested and tried for the murder of his roommate Patrick in Paris. As the case was highly publicised his image was plastered over social media and, although Aaron was acquitted, he struggled to regain the trust of the public and even lost his girlfriends and other friends in the process. As a result, he joined the Police Academy and took the extra step to refresh his public image by interviewing for a reality series.  READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson crosses Russian border for The Grand Tour However, it will be three weeks before fans will be able to see if the public’s perception of the officer will change as The Rookie will be going on hiatus. After the episode ended fans took to Twitter to fume after they realised the next episode would return on the 3rd of April. @Spencer2371 tweeted the show’s executive producer, Jon Steinberg: “3-week break... you're killing me man!” @Bleuangel88 wrote: “These breaks are hard to keep up with these days. Goodness.”  AdriannaPerry22 shared: “I can’t believe we have to wait 3 weeks for a new episode.” @Jnweaver24 agreed: “What am I suppose to do with another 3 weeks without [TheRookie]??? Didn't we just have a three week hiatus??” @TNLM1821 stated: “And yet another hiatus has come upon us once again, see you soon April 3.” @THEmaggiewarren tweeted: “Thinking about how I’m not ready for 3 Sundays without [The Blacklist].” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale twist as Rhona Goskirk’s secret exposed by Mary? [THEORY]The Rookie: Fan-favourite exit ‘sealed’ as stabbing teases retirement [THEORY]The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series [REACTION]  While the real reason for the mid-season delay is yet to be revealed, cartermatt.com predicted it could be down to the upcoming NCAA Tournament. As a huge women's basketball game tournament, the network may not want to compete for viewership with ESPN. Sadly, this wasn’t the only thing fans complained about when it came to the recent episode. Ahead of its release, many viewers predicted they weren’t going to enjoy the episode due to the format changes.  The episode was in a documentary format as a result of Aaron's reality series interview, which also saw colleagues sitting in front of the camera. Despite this, many viewers enjoyed the episode including @TheCaskett who tweeted: “This episode is beyond incredible! Love how they chose to tell the story.” Thankfully for fans, they will soon see a different side of the series as The Rookie are planning a spin-off. The upcoming sequel will follow actress Neicey Nash as she becomes an FBI agent in training. The Rookie season 4 will return Sunday, April 3. 