Italy's hopes of playing at this year's World Cup may well be in tatters, but their heartbreak could provide a significant boost to Manchester United as the club's managerial hunt takes another compelling twist. The Azzurri failed to qualify for the Qatar showpiece as a last-gasp North Macedonia winner sent them crashing out of qualifying to leave Roberto Mancini's future up in the air and the Red Devils waiting in the wings.  Despite Italy dominating the World Cup semi-final play-off, they were punished for their failure in front of goal as North Macedonia upset the odds in the most dramatic of fashion. With the contest goalless and extra-time looming in Palermo, Aleksandar Trajkovski picked up a loose ball in midfield, before promptly turning and firing in a stunning long-range winner. A shell-shocked Mancini desperately tapped his watch amid the chaotic celebrations as the reality of Italy - the recently-crowned European champions - missing their second World Cup in a row hit home. Speaking after the match, the former Manchester City manager announced the defeat was the "biggest disappointment" of his career before admitting his future as his country's national team boss is now unclear. “Now it is too early to talk about the future, we still have to digest this defeat," he declared. "On a human level, I can say that I love these lads more tonight than after the triumph in July. The disappointment is enormous." READ MORE: Barcelona shirt numbers Robert Lewandowski could wear with 'contract offer prepared'  However, one man's loss is another man's gain. In this case, the latter being United. The Red Devils have stepped up their efforts to appoint a new manager in the coming months amid reports that Ajax boss Erik ten Hag has been interviewed this week. The Dutchman is reportedly one of four candidates on the club's shortlist, alongside Paris Saint-Germain head coach Mauricio Pochettino, Sevilla manager Julen Lopetegui and Spain national team boss Luis Enrique. Italy's damaging defeat on Thursday could very well mean a fifth name is thrown into that mix. After all, Mancini was heavily linked with United at the end of last year. So much so, in fact, that the 57-year-old was forced to publicly address speculation as rumours of an impending Premier League return were rife. DON'T MISSRuud van Nistelrooy’s opinion on Solskjaer sacking with Man Utd return possible[QUOTES]Achraf Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Lionel Messi and Neymar 'don't speak to him' [GOSSIP]Arsenal 'begin charm offensive' to beat two clubs to Darwin Nunez transfer [GOSSIP]  The Italian told Gazzetta dello Sport: "A verbal agreement with a Premier League club? All false. My only goal is to get to the World Cup and be able to win it." With that dream having now been shattered, Mancini will have no alternative but to review his position at Italy's helm. It may be a case of no coming back from the North Macedonia disaster on Thursday with a fresh challenge required, and United would certainly offer him that. 