Following the widely-condemned mass sacking of 800 workers, an agency has hired Indian staff for shipowner DP World in Dover at a rate well below the National Minimum Wage – a move described as "shocking exploitation" by the union. RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said that the move compounded the brutality of the sackings, which were delivered via a pre-recorded Zoom message with little notice. He called for No10 to intervene after this latest development. Mr Lynch said: "The news that the seafarers now on ships in British ports are to be paid $2.38 [£1.81 at the current exchange rate] an hour is a shocking exploitation of those Seafarers and another gut-wrenching betrayal of those who have been sacked. "The rule of law and acceptable norms of decent employment and behaviour have completely broken down beneath the white cliffs of Dover and in other ports yet five days into this national crisis the government has done nothing to stop it. "These ships of shame must not be allowed to sail. The government has to step in now and take control before it’s too late." The ferry operator, owned by a Dubai-based company, informed employees in a pre-recorded video message their employment was over on Thursday, March 17. READ MORE: Sunak says 'awful' P&O sackings may be illegal An executive said the decision to make a quarter of its staff redundant was necessary because it lost £100million year on year and it would "not be a viable business" without "swift and significant changes now". Without any notice, he told the long-serving crew "vessels will be primarily crewed by a third-party crew provider", adding: "Your final day of employment is today." P&O runs major routes from the UK to the continent, including the Dover to Calais journey, one of the busiest sea-crossings in the world. It also provides crucial links between western Scotland and Northern Ireland, Liverpool and Dublin and Hull and Rotterdam. The cancellation of several routes for 10 days has caused queues of confused travellers at some ports, including that of Dover, where new teams made up of Indian workers are understood to be embarking on ships. The dismissal of hundreds of workers has been under scrutiny, with members of the public and ministers across the political spectrum calling for an investigation into whether the way P&O handled the redundancies broke the law. Under section 193 of the Trade Union Labour Relations (Consolidation) Act 1992, employers who want to make more than 100 people redundant must notify the business secretary of their plans, before giving notice to employees. The employer is also required to do so at least 45 days before the dismissals. P&O Ferries failed to comply with these processes. Labour has asked Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng if he will begin proceedings for what they dubbed a "scandalous action". DON'T MISSP&O Ferries chaos: Customers told to find alternatives ‘themselves’ [REPORT]How P&O Ferries chaos could impact you [EXPLAINER]Government threatens to axe contracts with P&O after sackings [INSIGHT] Shadow Transport Secretary Louise Haigh, Deputy Leader Angela Rayner and Shadow Business Secretary Jonathan Reynolds wrote in a letter: "An employer who fails to provide that notification is committing a criminal offence, and liable to an unlimited fine. It is for you, as secretary of state, to launch that action." They asked Mr Kwarteng: "Will you be commencing criminal proceedings against P&O Ferries, as well as individual directors and managers as permitted under law? If not, could you explain why?" Labour added: "If an exploitative employer can escape without any consequences for this egregious action, it will give the green light to bad bosses across the country." The news of the startingly low pay of the reportedly new seafarers is expected to spark further calls for No10 to step up. The minimum wage in the UK is currently £8.91 for anyone aged 23 or over; £8.36 for 21 and 22-year-olds, and £6.56 for 18 to 20-year-olds. Paying below these rates, which are increasing next month, is against the law. Shipping companies registered in other countries — which is understood to be the case of P&O under DP World — that operate routes from UK ports to Europe can pay below the minimum wage as they are exempt from this basic protection. On Sunday, March 20, the RMT revealed two P&O ships on the Liverpool-Dublin route had been crewed with Filipino ratings on contracts that paid a basic rate of $3.47 per hour, which Mr Lynch called "barbaric behaviour". He said: "P&O may pay more than the minimum wage at first to agency staff but they will eventually move to rates below this simply because there is nothing to stop them from doing so. "We fear poverty pay will be accompanied by seafarers being chained to 12-hour day, seven-day week contracts that operate continuously for six months with no pension." P&O Ferries has been approached for comment.