Baked oats was the most popular “how-to” recipe, followed by folded tortilla sandwich, feta pasta, salmon rice bowl and cloud bread. The research was commissioned by wellness platform, Able, which matches users with holistic wellness coaches. It emerged that 42 percent say social media has made them feel more adventurous in the kitchen. But while many users turned to social media recipes for health reasons (47 percent), there is also widespread confusion about what is actually healthy to eat. Carolyn Nicholas, a Functional Medicine Certified Health Coach at Able, said: “Our research shows that 38 percent of people think the salmon rice bowl is healthy – but at 458 calories per portion, we would advise cutting back on the amount of rice, using wild-caught salmon and an avocado oil mayo for good fats, and saving this one for dinner. “That recipe also includes sriracha, which can have a high sugar content.” It also emerged four in ten respondents considered baked oats to be healthy. But Carolyn added: “This is the equivalent of having dessert for breakfast. Despite not adding any sugar in the recipe, this potentially is still high-glycaemic due to the oats, banana and type of chocolate you use. “If you are looking for foods to help you lose weight that lasts, we would not recommend starting your day with this. “Meanwhile, only 20 percent think the feta pasta is good for you, but it has a lot of potential. “A few healthy tweaks would be to reduce your portion of pasta, or better yet, replace it with healthier alternatives like zucchini or squash noodles. “Stick to a good oil like olive or avocado and experiment with adding some more greens.” More than half of respondents polled, via OnePoll, felt confident enough to serve their social media-inspired meals to friends or family. But foodies are obviously willing to eat more healthily – over half (54 percent) said they believed social media recipe videos should carry “calorie counters”. And a fifth would even go as far as asking a coach about the calories present in the food trends they see on social media, if they had access to one. In response to the findings, Able’s professional wellness coaches reviewed the top 15 most popular social media food trends, as many Brits wrongly assumed their nutritional value. Carolyn added: “The main outtake from this is to always read the labels and think about what you put in your body, or consult your Able coach before automatically taking as gospel what you’re told on social media, as portions are often wrong. “But there are easy tweaks you can implement on certain recipes to make them healthier. If in doubt, consulting a professional wellness coach is a good start.” TOP 10 MOST POPULAR RECIPE VIDEOS: TOP 10 VIDEO RECIPES BRITS HAVE RECREATED AND THEIR CALORIE COUNT: