Premier League clubs are guilty of paying their players some of the biggest wages in world football as they look to assemble squads that can compete for domestic and European honours. Sometimes the decision to part with prodigious sums of cash can pay off in the form of scintillating performances and trophies. But at other times, club owners may feel they are simply flushing their cash away. And Express Sport takes a look at four of the most over-paid stars in the Premier League after their salaries were revealed by Spotrac. Romelu Lukaku Chelsea paid a club-record £97.5million to sign Romelu Lukaku for a second time last summer. And the 28-year-old was backed to become the final part of the jigsaw to help the Blues dominate at home and abroad. Lukaku had bagged goal after goal during a fecund spell with Inter Milan. But his stellar showings in Italy haven’t translated into big performances at Stamford Bridge. And club chiefs will be hugely disappointed with the Belgium international as they are paying him a remarkable £325,000 per week. That seems excessive for a player who has found the back of the net just five times in the Premier League all season. MUST READ: Newcastle join Arsenal, Spurs and Man Utd in race for Victor Osimhen   Timo Werner Part of the reason Lukaku was brought back to Chelsea was because Timo Werner had flopped during his first season at Stamford Bridge. The German scored just six Premier League goals last term after finding the back of the net a staggering 34 times during his final season with RB Leipzig. Chelsea are paying the 26-year-old in the region of £270k per week but he struggles to get in the team these days. And with the club currently up for sale, Werner’s salary is not something any new owner will be jumping for joy about.  Jadon Sancho Manchester United signed Jadon Sancho last summer after he had impressed during his time with Borussia Dortmund. And they thanked the 21-year-old winger for choosing the red half of Manchester over a move to a rival Premier League giant by handing him a contract worth £350k per week. In exchange United have got their hands on a player who it has taken several months to get up to speed. He has a huge future but the new manager will be under a lot of pressure to get the best of Sancho quickly and consistently given his salary. Nicolas Pepe Arsenal don’t pay their players anywhere near the amount that Chelsea and United do. But Gunners chiefs will still be full of regret over their decision to hand Nicolas Pepe £140k per week. The 26-year-old winger has failed to light up the Premier League and has fallen well down the pecking order at the Emirates Stadium. It remains to be seen if he can restore his reputation under Mikel Arteta or whether he will become the latest big name to be shipped out. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 