When former BBC Breakfast presenter Louise Minchin appeared on The Chris Evans Breakfast Show yesterday, radio DJ Chris Evans quizzed her about what she has been doing since she left the show. Louise had been presenting the show for 20 years and left in September last year. The 53-year-old announced her decision to leave the morning news show last summer. The well-known journalist devastated viewers with the news. At the time, she shared some ideas of what she would do after leaving the show. Louise said: “Anybody who watches will be very well aware my passion is endurance sport,” Minchin added, “and I will absolutely continue to do that. READ MORE: ‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence “I’ve got lots of really exciting adventures planned. I’m trying to write a book about that as well. “I’ll continue with my podcast, which is all about the mental and physical benefits of sport and exercise.” Since leaving BBC Breakfast has been true to her word and has been spending time with endurance athlete Mimi Anderson. She told Chris and his team about her adventures: “I've just cycled across Argentina…. “That was eight days, so 100 miles a day on the bike; eight days of 100 miles a day.” Chris claims to have noticed a change in Louise. He observed: “I'm not gonna say you're reborn, but there's definitely something else going on. “There's a wider smile there than I've seen for a long time.” DON’T MISS:‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [NEWS] Strictly's Katya Jones reaches out to ex Neil 'I hope you're proud!' [LATEST]Prince Harry criticised for 'navel-gazing' Ukraine statement [COMMENT] When asked if the time had “flown by” since she left, Louise said: “It’s gone so quick.” “It went particularly quickly over three weeks when I went to a castle in Wales,” she quipped, referring to her time on I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out Of Here. She explained: “They’ve asked me for years,” before adding: “I just thought, ‘I’ve always wanted to do it.’ “You’ve got to live life, haven’t you? She also said: "I'm having such fun." Last month, Louise spoke about her “exciting” decision to move into the world of podcasts. Louise shared she will be hosting Push Your Peak in partnership with indoor bike company, Wattbike. On her Instagram story, in view of her 128,000 followers, she wrote: “I am very excited to tell you about my new podcast with @wattbike#pushyourpeak. In a trailer for the podcast, Louise described how she will be interviewing “superhumans who have done extraordinary things”. She added: “Push Your Peak is a brand new podcast brought to you by Wattbike. Join me, Louise Minchin, and some of the world’s most incredible sportspeople to learn what it takes mentally and physically to push yourself beyond your limits. “Whether you are an elite or everyday athlete, it can be hard to continually progress. “How do you push yourself out of your comfort zone? Where do you go to find that inner drive? “Tune in to hear these inspiring stories and take away the belief that you can achieve your own goals no matter how big or small.” 