Manchester United's board have reportedly admitted they made a 'mistake' hiring Ralf Rangnick, but the errors go much deeper than their choice in management. Ever since Alex Ferguson brought his illustrious career to an end, United have failed to rebuild their identity. David Moyes, Louis van Gal and Jose Mourinho came and went, but things were beginning to look brighter under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. A second-placed finish last season set expectations high for this campaign, particularly after the additions of superstars Jadon Sancho, Cristiano Ronaldo and Raphael Varane. But therein lies the problem for United as they appeared to move off course from their transfer structure. The allure of signing Ronaldo proved too much, despite the concerns being raised on his arrival at the time. While the Portuguese superstar has continued his incredible scoring record, United have looked disjointed by not being able to build around him. Solskjaer failed to get the best out of his squad with Ronaldo leading the charge and ultimately cost him his job. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo 'makes final decision on Man Utd future'  Rangnick was brought in on an interim basis to steady the ship, but results have taken a turn for the worse in recent weeks with a top-four finish currently out of their hands. The German coach will be replaced in the summer, with either Erik ten Hag or Mauricio Pochettino the likely candidates. Whoever comes in faces a huge task on starting from scratch again with a United team lacking an identity. Paul Pogba, Edinson Cavani, Juan Mata and Jesse Lingard are all set to leave as free agents. But the next United manager will potentially also want to make his mark even further by offloading four other players in the market. DON'T MISS  While the Serbia international holds bags of experience at the elite level, his influence on the United team has waned in recent years. United are in desperate need of revamping their midfield options and moving Matic on may help raise some funds to get what they need. Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane and Victor Lindelof are the go-to centre-backs at United and, while they've all had plenty of downs this season, the trio will unlikely be moved on. Eric Bailly though hasn't had a sniff recently and is out of favour under Rangnick. He's unlikely to get much action under the new manager either, but could still fetch a decent fee in the transfer market. The English centre-back may well stay and see out the remainder of his contract until 2023, but a move away will be good for both parties. United get to free up some wages elsewhere on the pitch and Jones can find a club where he may be able to play regular minutes. The most controversial pick on this list and it could go one way or the other depending on who comes in as the next United manager. Whoever takes the Old Trafford hotseat will need to build a team around Ronaldo if the decision is made for the forward to stay, but that would force a massive overhaul in one window. United still have some of the most talented young players in world football with Sancho, Marcus Rashford and Anthony Elanga and finding a striker able to fit with their style of play may be more beneficial to the club as a whole. It was a fairytale return for Ronaldo last summer and he's delivered some special memories on his return. But for United to get to where they want to be, moving Ronaldo on may be the best option.