One of the first encounters between McQueen and Newman came in the casting of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. Despite being a relative up-and-comer at the time, The King of Cool wanted top billing. When he didn’t get it, he stormed off the project, leaving Robert Redford to take the part. According to biographer Marshall Terrill, it’s something the Bullitt star never regretted, but it was the start of a decades-long feud between the icons. Stories of the two stars have become legendary, and despite the feud, it looked like one-sided jealousy on McQueen’s part. In his mind, Newman was his rival and continually pushed to be his equal or better both on-screen and off. Eventually, the pair starred alongside one another in The Towering Inferno and feuded constantly over their dialogue. According to AE Hotcher, a lifelong friend of Newman’s, he recalled the actor calling his co-star a “chicken s**t” for counting the lines he had compared the Cool Hand Luke star. The stars did eventually get joint top-billing for their roles in the film, though according to Terrill: “Inferno screenwriter Stirling Silliphant told a very funny story about how the two stars went back and forth with him regarding their lines, and sneaking behind each other’s backs but never directly confronting the other.” However, their competitiveness goes back further than that. READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley’s brother marries with special Elvis connection The Great Escape star had to fight tooth and nail to get into the acting business and make it as a star. He didn’t have the privileged background Newman enjoyed and even got mixed up in a gang when growing up in Beech Grove, Indiana. The star was looking to escape an even worse home life, but it only got him into further trouble Eventually, his mother sent him away to a facility for troubled youth. At just the age of 12, he had built a reputation for getting into all kinds of trouble, even infamously earning the nickname Wild Kid. The school helped him turn his behaviour around, leading to him land a series of odd jobs before making his first major TV appearance. This show was Wanted: Dead or Alive. He played a bounty hunter named Josh Randall and it was this very role that started to secure him roles on the big screen. Eventually, McQueen got into the sport of racing, something Newman already found success in, intensifying their rivalry. Driving was a side-bet for the Le Mans star but it came to him naturally. However, for Newman, it was something he dedicated himself to, he even once said: “It was the first thing that I ever found I had any grace in.” His success on the track infuriated McQueen further. Terrill explained: “Psychologist Peter O. Whitmer believes that Steve had what he called a 'weird professional sibling rivalry' with Newman. Whitmer thinks it stemmed from the fact that Steve never had a brother with whom to go through this rite of adolescent passage, and that Newman fit the bill. I believe they liked each other as people, but Steve was jealous that Newman got to the top much quicker than he did. This rivalry manifested itself again on Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid when Steve refused to do the movie based on the grounds that he would not get top billing.” DON'T MISS...Steve McQueen's frenzy after tricking wife [INSIGHT]Yul Brynner 'grabbed' Steve McQueen in 'mad' moment [EXPLAINER]Paul Newman blasted Steve McQueen ‘chicken s***’ on Towering Inferno [INSIGHT] It remains unclear what Newman thought of McQueen, as he never publicly stated his opinion on his colleague. McQueen died on November 7, 1980, while Newman passed away 30 years later on September 26, 2008. In those intervening three decades, The Sting star never once made a statement on his old rival, which could be rather telling in of itself. Today, McQueen’s legacy lives on, as his filmography is still being mined all these years later. Steven Spielberg is even bringing back Frank Bullitt for a modern tale about the character. This isn’t a remake of Bullitt but will instead see the titular character repurposed for a new story. How this will work remains a mystery, as the movie is still in pre-production. SOURCE