The North Korean fishing boat crossed the maritime border at around 9.30 am local time (00.30am UK time) off the west coast of the peninsula, the Yonhap news agency reported.  The fishing vessel was seized and towed to South Korea's Baengnyeongdo island for investigation. The South Korean military fired a warning shot at a North Korean patrol vessel that briefly crossed the border while tracking the fishing boat. Border incidents between the two Koreas are closely watched by both countries. North and South Korea - backed by China and the US - have officially been in a state of war since the 1950-53 Korean War ended with an armistice not a peace treaty.   And relations remain tense between the two countries, which are split by a demilitarized zone. It comes as satellite images suggest that North Korea has started repairing a closed nuclear testing site. The pictures taken last Friday by satellite imaging company Maxar have fuelled fears the hermit state could resume testing nuclear weapons and long-range missiles. The Punggye-ri site was shut in 2018 and some tunnels were blown up after Kim Jong-un promised to stop nuclear tests. READ MORE: North Korea's new secret military base 'Likely to offend Beijing!'  The new satellite images showed "very early signs of activity", according to a report by analysts from the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies (CNS). The activity included construction of a new building, repair of an existing one, and lumber and sawdust at the site. The report said: “The construction and repair work indicate that North Korea has made some decision about the status of the test site." DON'T MISSAt least four earthquakes rock key North Korea nuclear test site [INSIGHT]Trump kept 'letters' from Kim Jong-un [ANALYSIS]North Korea nuclear warning: 'No doubt' Kim is beefing up arsenal [VIDEO] But analysts said it could be years before the facility, the country's only known nuclear test site, is ready. The report said: “One possibility is that North Korea plans to bring the test site back to a state of readiness to resume nuclear explosive testing. “How long it would take North Korea to resume explosive testing at the site depends on the extent of the damage to the tunnels themselves, something we do not know with confidence." Analysts added that another possibility is that North Korea will resume nuclear testing at another location. At the end of January, Pyongyang conducted what is thought to be its biggest missile launch since 2017. It said the ballistic missile was an intermediate range Hwasong-12. 