New Amsterdam is currently in the middle of another hiatus which won't see its return until later next month. NBC has already renewed the drama, starring actor Ryan Eggold as Dr Max Goodwin, for another series but it has been announced that it will be its last. So what is the reason behind New Amsterdam finishing after five seasons? WARNING: This article contains spoilers from New Amsterdam. New Amsterdam first premiered in September 2018 with Max Goodwin (played by Ryan Eggold) being welcomed as the new medical director of one of America's oldest public hospitals. He instantly made groundbreaking changes in a bid to try and reform the establishment's neglected and outdated facilities. Over the past four years, Max's plan has come on leaps and bounds with the hospital continuing to grow and thrive. Despite the big improvements to the hospital in the series, ratings have lowered for the drama. READ MORE: BBC's Charlie Stayt apologises as host forced to pull interview According to Deadline, after a good start with series one and two, New Amsterdam has fallen behind other NBC shows in terms of viewership. The publication explains: "New Amsterdam has slipped in the ratings, currently ranking below most established NBC dramas, which makes for challenging economics given its cost." There have been a number of delays since the fourth series continued in 2022. New Amsterdam returned for four episodes in January before going on a break thanks to the Winter Olympics. The show then made a brief comeback with another episode airing on Tuesday, February 22, before yet another hiatus. This is to make room for the State of the Union and the true-crime limited series The Thing About Pam. New Amsterdam will return on April 19 for the rest of season four with the finale slated for May 24. Going by creator David Schulner's statement, it was a decision made by the network, rather than one by the show's creative team. DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods delayed: CBS drama won’t air until next month [DELAY]The Blacklist backlash: NBC drama off-air for another week [EXPLAINER]Law and Order SVU: Viewers hail 'powerful' statement about assault  [REACTION] Schulner said: “As my emotions swing from sadness to pride, I’d like to share New Amsterdam‘s recognition by The World Health Organization, which makes us more proud than any award or non-linear 30-day ratings curve ever could." This was in reference to a letter he received from the organisation which said “how much many of us at WHO appreciate your work and your show". Season four is almost over with just a handful of episodes left to air on NBC. Unfortunately, New Amsterdam's last series is going to be the drama's shortest yet. A premiere date for New Amsterdam season five hasn't been announced so far. But taking previous release dates into account, it could be sometime in September 2022. Unlike other series though, season five will be made up of just 15 episodes, in comparison to season four's 21 instalments. New Amsterdam season four will return to NBC in America on Tuesday, April 16. A UK release date hasn't been announced.