Since the UK left the European Union on January 1, 2021, the UK has been free from EU trade agreements. This means the UK has pursued trade talks with other countries and made 36 trade deals with countries around the world. A statement from the Department for International Trade said: “The UK has sought to reproduce the effects of trading agreements that previously applied to it to ensure continuity for UK business.” This is every agreement the UK has negotiated so far with countries and trading blocs.  The UK signed a partnership, trade and cooperation agreement with Albania, which has been in effect since March 2021. Colombia, Ecuador and Peru (Andean Countries) The UK-Andean trade agreement gives guidance for UK businesses trading with Colombia, Ecuador and Peru. The UK-Canada Trade Continuity Agreement was first published on December 10, 2020 and came into force in April 2021. The UK-Cameroon Economic Partnership Agreement was published in Aprll 2021, seeking to recreate many of the previous statutes between the UK and Cameroon. In 2019 the UK accounted for 12 percent of Cameroon’s total exports of bananas. READ MORE: Alastair Stewart sparks Remainer fury by slapping down Brexit claims  The CARIFORUM-UK have an Economic Partnership Agreement. Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama - all part of the Central Americantrade bloc The UK-Central America association agreement covers these six Central American countries. The UK-Chile association agreement was published in September 2021, with updated guidance in January 2022. The UK-Côte d’Ivoire Stepping Stone Economic Partnership Agreement is the treaty between the UK and Cote d’Ivoire. The UK market accounted for 23 percent of all Cote d’Ivoire exports of cocoa butter in 2019. The UK signed an Economic Partnership Agreement (EPA) with some Eastern and Southern African (ESA) states, which is in effect. The ESA states covered by this EPA are Mauritius, Seychelles and Zimbabwe Madagascar, Comoros and Zambia can also be covered by the EPA if they sign. The UK-Egypt Association Agreement. The UK-Faroe Islands free trade agreement (FTA) was established in February 2019. The UK-Georgia strategic partnership and cooperation agreement was established in November 2019.  The provisional application of the trade agreement between UK and Ghana is the UK-Ghana Interim Trade Partnership Agreement. The provisional application of the Agreement on trade in goods between Iceland, Norway and the UK was signed in July 2021. The UK is Israel’s third largest trading partner, with £2.7 billion worth of British exports going there in 2020 and an overall trade relationship worth £4.8 billion. The UK and Japan signed a free trade agreement on October 23, 2020. The UK-Jordan association agreement has been in effect since May 2021. The Kenya-UK Economic Partnership Agreement became legally in force on March 24, 2021. The UK-Kosovo trade agreement. The UK and Lebanon signed a continuity trade agreement in September 2019. The UK signed the UK-Mexico Trade Continuity Agreement (TCA) which came into force on 1 June 2021. The UK-Morocco association agreement. The UK has signed a Partnership, Trade and Cooperation agreement with North Macedonia, which is in effect. The UK has signed an interim Economic Partnership Agreement (iEPA) with the Pacific States, which is in effect. The Pacific States covered by this agreement are Fiji and Papua New Guinea. Samoa and the Solomon Islands have not yet acceded to the agreement (pending a decision on their accession), however preferences under the iEPA have taken effect through a Memorandum of Understanding. DON'T MISS:Restaurant hits back at moaning diner who keeps coming back [UPDATE]Tory MP in furious warning at EU red tape holding back Brexit [REACTION]EU's Bitcoin regime 'too restrictive' [INSIGHT]  The UK has signed an interim political, trade and partnership agreement with the Palestinian Authority, which is in effect. In April 2021, the UK and Serbia signed a Partnership, Trade and Cooperation Agreement. The UK’s trading relationship with Singapore was worth £16 billion in 2020, according to the Department of International Trade. Last week, Secretary of State Anne-Marie Trevelyan signed the UK-Singapore Digital Economy Agreement (DEA) described as “the most innovative trade agreement ever signed.” Trade between the UK and South Korea totalled £13.3 billion in the year to September 2021 – up 11 percent on 2020, the Department of International Trade said. The SACUM-UK EPA was signed in October 2019.  The UK has signed the UK-Switzerland trade agreement which is in effect. The UK-Tunisia Association Agreement is in effect. The UK-Turkey trade agreement was signed in December 2019. In October 2020, the UK and Ukraine signed a Political, Free Trade and Strategic Partnership Agreement - the first of the UK’s post-Brexit free trade deals. The UK and Vietnam signed the UK-Vietnam Free Trade Agreement on December 29, 2020. 