During Thursday night's The One Show, BBC hosts Alex Jones and Harry Judd welcomed Susan Calman and Shawn Mendes onto the show. However, just minutes into the programme, Susan made an admission about what it was like training with Strictly pro Kevin Clifton. Susan took part in the BBC dancing competition in 2017 and finished in seventh place with Kevin. However, during one of their gruelling training sessions, Susan's smartwatch accidentally called the ambulance service after it thought she was having a heart attack. Recalling the moment with Alex and Harry, the presenter began: "When I was on Strictly with Kevin Clifton, we were practising the Jive, very energetic. "We were practising probably the sixth time in a row and I heard an alarm going off and my smartwatch had phoned an ambulance because it thought I was having a heart attack." READ MORE: Where is Bargain Hunt's Anita Manning from? As Alex put her head in her hands in disbelief, Susan continued: "My heart rate was over 200 and so, I looked down and it was calling the emergency services. "I cancelled the call, I have to make that very clear and I kept the old watch off in case that happened again." Susan's admission came after Alex asked Shawn, who appeared from his home via video link, about his text message from Mariah Carey. "Is it right you've got Mariah Carey in your phone book and that she sent you a text by mistake?" the host asked. Shawn laughed as he replied: "Yes, I do have Mariah Carey in my phone book. "That is a crazy one for me but on Saint Patrick's Day, she sent me a text saying 'Happy Thanksgiving' which was definitely confusing." As they shared a screenshot of Mariah's message and Shawn's reply, he added: "I wasn't sure how to respond so that's how I responded. "And then I think she put it on Twitter, but she's been so sweet and so supportive of me and my music for a long time." DON'T MISS...NCIS season 19 UK: When will series 19 premiere on Disney+? [INSIGHT]What did Lauryn do to Sully in Top Boy? [SPOILERS]Piers Morgan in fresh jibe at Meghan Markle [VIDEO] Elsewhere in the show, Harry and Alex spoke with Susan about her new show. "Susan, you literally just got back from the Caribbean this morning," Alex said. "Yes, there is a reason I am dressed like this," Susan pointed out. "I got off the plane from Miami and I only have a suitcase full of clothes suitable for the Caribbean. "It was snowing when we arrived and so I am dressed like I am in Miami Vice." Discussing the new series of her travel programme and where she had been so far, Susan listed: "The Mediterranean, Canary Islands and I have just got back from the Caribbean and Costa Rica." "It was a difficult one," she joked. "It is full of sunshine and happiness and joy. "It has just been the best job possible," she said before speaking about Alex's reaction: "Look at your face." "Jealous," Harry replied as Alex said: "Well, you know we've not been anywhere in ages." The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.