During the 94th Oscars Academy Awards, actor Will Smith stormed onto the stage and slapped comedian Chris Rock after he made a joke and Jada Smith's appearance. Later, Will ended up winning an award for his performance in King Richard and apologised for his behaviour and said that love "makes you do crazy things". Loose Women panellist Kelle Bryan joined her colleagues Ruth Langsford, Coleen Nolan and Katie Piper to discuss Will and Chris' actions where she disagreed with the joke and defended Will whilst relating to how Jada must have felt through her battles with hair loss. Upon the Oscars stage, Chris aimed his joke at Jada and said: "Jada, I love ya, GI Jane Two, can't wait to see it." As the camera panned to the couple, Will could first be seen laughing at the joke whilst Jada was less than impressed and rolled her eyes. Soon Will stormed onto the stage and ended up hitting Chris in the face, to which he stood in shock and said: "Wow, Will Smith just smacked the s**t out of me." Will sat down next to his wife and shouted back: "Keep my wife's name out your f*****g mouth." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales Chris replied: "It was a GI Jane joke", to which Will once again repeated that he should keep his wife's name out of his jokes. When it came to Will giving his acceptance speech for Best Actor for his role in King Richard, he said: "I want to apologise to all my fellow nominees. "Art imitates life, I look like the crazy father just like they said, I look like the crazy father just like they said about Richard Williams, but love will make you do crazy things." Discussing the topic on Monday afternoons, Loose Women, Ruth began: "So much to discuss here, there are so many nuances with this, I have been looking at social media today. "Very mixed, the audience looked shocked and awkward and almost like nobody really knew what to do. "I think she had been very open about her alopecia, so I would assume that Chris Rock knew that she had alopecia, therefore, a joke in bad taste, very bad taste." Kelle began to explain: "I mean, Chris Rock going back in history, this had happened before where Jada made a stand. "She boycotted the awards before because she felt there wasn't enough inclusion within the awards themselves, and Chris called her out at that point, so this is historical. DON'T MISS...Will Smith and Chris Rock row 'over' after Oscars slap, Diddy says [INSIGHT]Will Smith quips 'can't invite people from Philly nowhere' after slap [LATEST]Will Smith’s family put on united front after Chris Rock Oscars slap [WATCH]  "I think this is a couple, a massive power couple that has been through a lot, and they have been through a lot of highs and lows with Jada's roundtable conversations that she has. "Will Smith has had a flawless card, flawless reputation up until today, and he has said himself he feels like he is carrying this weight of being responsible, being upright and forthright and doing all of the right things at the right time. "Yes, this is a great shame that his one moment that he has waited for his entire career to win the award, this was his moment, and now it has been tarnished by this incident, and it will be historical forever, and that is a great shame," she said. Kelle continued: "I think as with all comedians, Chris has got to... there is a line in comedy and it is a very fine now and it is always evolving and it is always changing "For Will, that split second, that moment was like no, that is enough now. Speaking as a woman who has lost their hair twice, it takes a heck of a lot to have that confidence and support from around you to go to an event. "Especially one like that, and to embrace herself, which she has done by shaving the head itself, is really a difficult process. "She has done that and embraced it and tried to embolden that and then being called out centre front like that, I can't even begin to imagine," she expressed. Jada first revealed her struggle with hair loss during a 2018 episode of her Facebook Watch series, 'Red Table Talk'. During an Instagram video in December 2021, she said: "Now, at this point, I can only laugh, y'all know I’ve been struggling with alopecia and just all of a sudden, one day, this is going to be a little bit more difficult for me to hide. So I thought I’d just share it, so y’all are not asking any questions.” Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV.