Despite the chaos unfolding in Europe, France is pressing ahead with its presidential election next month. Voters will head to the polls on April 10 to vote for their next leader - but with just a few weeks to go, could Marine Le Pen beat Emmanuel Macron? Mr Macron’s closest challengers are Valérie Pécresse, the candidate for the conservative Les Republicains party, and Marine Le Pen, who is President of the controversial right-wing National Rally. On the far right side of the election battlefield are Marine Le Pen and Eric Zemmour, both of whom are vying for the vote of France’s working-class conservatives ahead of the election in April. Mr Zemmour threw a spanner in the works late last year when he unexpectedly entered the presidential race and temporarily upstaged the more experienced Ms Le Pen. Both share similar ideologies - anti-immigration, high security, freedom of speech, and have both scrutinised the EU.  READ MORE: Macron slated after 'cringe' photoshoot 'channelling inner Zelensky'  But it seems Mr Zemmour's reaction to the ongoing Ukraine crisis has given Ms Le Pen the upper hand - despite her links to Russia. Her party, the National Rally, took out a loan from a Russian bank in 2014 worth roughly €9 million - a payout which will continue to be repaid until 2028. Ms Le Pen even met with Vladimir Putin himself in 2017 - with an image of the pair shaking hands appearing on 1.2 million election pamphlets with the caption: "A woman of conviction". Speaking before Russia's invasion of Ukraine, she downplayed the crisis and described it as a “misunderstanding of the issues” in Russia, adding: “I don’t see what the Russians would do in Ukraine and what would be their interest there.” But since then, she has south to distance herself from Moscow. The National Rally leader has maintained she has never been influenced by Russian money, and has also affirmed her support for taking in Ukrainian refugees - something her rival Mr Zemmour was slow to do. Both, however, have now turned to the issues affecting the average French voter - and it’s paying off for Ms Le Pen at least. Ms Le Pen said this week: “My obsession is to protect the French people. I do not want them to lose their jobs ... be unable to heat their homes, have enough to eat or use their cars.” Much like the UK, the French are facing a cost of living crisis coming out of the pandemic that has only been heightened by the outbreak of war in Ukraine.  DON'T MISSEU civil war: France and Spain lock horns over new pipeline [INSIGHT]French Fishermen accuse UK of ‘not respecting’ Brexit agreement [REPORT]Macron humiliated as France could run out of ammo within DAYS [INSIGHT] Ms Le Pen has begun a campaign to cut VAT on fuel, gas and electricity from 20 percent to 5.5 percent, as well as giving tax breaks to employers who give their employees pay rises. Mr Zemmour seems to have followed Ms Le Pen’s lead - and has been accused of improvising off the back of Ms Le Pen’s policy decisions. Embarrassingly, Mr Zemmour was caught pretending to strike up conversations over fuel prices with fellow drivers at a petrol station near the city of Montauban in southwestern France on Sunday. It later emerged that the encounters were staged, and those involved were his supporters. It’s already looking like an outright win for incumbent Mr Macron, as voters seek the most balanced and experienced option to lead them through a time of international crisis. However, Ms Le Pen and Mr Macron could still make it to a second-round vote off - which will be a repeat of the 2017 election that put President Macron in office. According to recent polls compiled by Politico, Le Pen would gain 17 to 18 percent of the vote in the first round, with Mr Macron on 30 percent. If no candidate wins an outright majority in the first round of the presidential election on April 10, a run-off will be held on April 24. If the vote goes to a second round, Mr Macron is still predicted to win - he is predicted to get 58 percent of the vote, according to Politico.