Responses to the long-awaited second season of Bridgerton have proven divisive thanks to its subdued pace and comparatively low number of sex scenes for Viscount Anthony (played by Jonathan Bailey) and newcomer Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley). The Netflix show’s mastermind Chris Van Dusen has come out in its defence following a slew of mixed reviews. Bridgerton’s creator Chris has opened up about the decision to dial down the steaminess in Netflix’s highly anticipated follow-up. The first season proved a surprise smash hit for the streamer in 2020, and no time was wasted in renewing the Regency romp through to season four. Unfortunately, reviews for the second outing have been somewhat lacklustre, in part due to a comparatively sexless central romance between Anthony and Kate. After the lusty liaisons between Duke Simon Basset (Regé-Jean Page) and Daphne Bridgerton (Phoebe Dynevor), season two has been downright tame. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role However, Chris insisted their approach to adapting Julia Quinn’s second Bridgerton novel, The Viscount Who Loved Me, remained largely the same this time around. “It was never about quantity for us,” he said at the show’s press conference in London. “Our approach to intimacy on the show is the same as season one, and that’s because we use these intimate scenes to tell a story and push the story forward.” Although the first few episodes feature the occasional spattering of nudity and scandal, Bridgerton’s two new leads don’t let their hair down until much later in the season. Rather than setting the tone for lewder things to come, it appears the first season’s salacious courtship could actually have been an outlier compared to the rest of the series. Fans may have been left frustrated in more ways than one by the latest chapter in the Bridgerton saga, but Chris explained he didn’t want the series to come across as gratuitous. Chris maintained: “We’ve never done a sex scene for the sake of doing a sex scene, and I don’t think we ever will. “It all serves a larger purpose, and it’s a different story this season. It’s different characters.” DON'T MISS:Yellowstone UK release: Drama finally gets streaming release [LATEST] Gordon Ramsay addresses Marco Pierre White feud [INSIGHT]New Amsterdam hiatus: Fans furious as season 4 off-air [REACTION] “We’re with Anthony and Kate for most of the season and that’s very different from Daphne and Simon, it’s a different story. “That’s really part of the draw to be in a project like this. The ability to tell these close-ended love stories of different characters season after season.” His comments could be a concerning premonition for things to come now Bridgerton has already been confirmed for a third and fourth instalment. Although Julia’s series of novels are all just as scandalous as the last, the sex scenes in Netflix’s popular adaptation could take a backseat to the ongoing family drama. Kate star Simone added: “They aren’t performative sex scenes or intimate scenes, they have a meaning behind them. They’re very earned.” And her co-star Jonathan added: “Kate and Anthony feel explicit in the way that they feel naked in front of each other. “I think that’s a very interesting read on the story, that sort of innate sexuality. And I think it bodes really well for the following seasons.” Hopefully, Bridgerton’s sex scenes won’t be a thing of the past, but fans may have to learn to expect fewer risqué encounters from future outings. Bridgerton season 2 is available to stream on Netflix.