This change will affect people on Government benefits including Universal Credit, Personal Independence Payments (PIP) and Pension Credit. Here’s everything you need to know. Millions of people depend on state benefits to help them make ends meet. Issued by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) these vital payments are usually paid at the same time every month. However dates can change when it comes to public holidays like Christmas and Easter. That’s because the money can’t be paid in when it falls on a Bank Holiday. To help Britons prepare, the DWP has confirmed exactly which dates benefits will be paid next month. READ MORE: Martin Lewis confirms how much your energy bill will rise in April What are the Easter Bank Holiday payment dates? Millions of benefit claimants who usually get paid on Friday, April 15 will receive their money a day early on Thursday April 14. Anyone who would usually receive their money on Monday April 18, will receive it three days early on April 14. This applies to most benefits including Universal Credit, PIP, Pension Credit and working tax and child credits. DON'T MISS:State pensioners could be eligible for extra £358 a month [UPDATE]‘It’s a joke!’ State pensioners demand reversal of triple lock freeze [INSIGHT]PIP claimants urged to claim 10 freebies that could save thousands [ALERT]  This also applies to attendance allowance, state pension and carer’s allowance. In addition, anyone in receipt of jobseeker's allowance, disability living allowance or employment and support allowance should be paid early if their usual payment date falls on a bank holiday. Meanwhile, Britons are being reminded to do a benefits check every six month as millions are missing out on state benefits like Universal Credit and PIP. Universal Credit could add up to £7,300 on top of someone’s household finances. Around a million pensioners are also thought to be losing out when it comes to Pension Credit. State benefits like PIP, Universal Credit and Pension Credit could help people make further savings by taking advantage of free prescriptions and help towards energy bills. Anyone who isn’t working, or who receives a low income, can apply for Universal Credit. As long as they have less than £16,000 in savings they should qualify. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea What are the 30 Universal Credit discounts available?