The shocking discovery was made by a group of Dutch scientists, who found particles in 17 of 22 blood samples. The study was published in the journal Environmental International after a team of scientists at Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam examined blood from 22 anonymous volunteers and tested it for five types of common plastic.  This included PET, polypropylene and polystyrene. They found the presence of microplastics in 17 samples at an average concentration of 1.6 micrograms per millilitre of blood, the equivalent of one teaspoon in 1,000 litres of water. According to their findings, the most common detected plastic was PET, which is used to make drinks bottles and food packaging. PET was found in 50 percent of the volunteers while polystyrene was found in 36 percent.   Polyethylene, which is used in packaging films and bags, was found in 23 percent. Researchers believe more detailed work will be required to determine the impact of the microplastics in the blood. This will include determining whether they build up in the body and could impact organ function or whether they pass through the system. Dr Dick Vethaak, a co-author of the study, acknowledged that the research was the first step and would need to be widened to a bigger sample. READ MORE: Sturgeon told to RESIGN after FM forced to admit 'buck stops with me' He told The Times: "A lot more research is needed to understand what it means. "We know the plastic is in our body, but where does it go and what does it do?" Dr Vethak claimed the study is the first in the world to test for the presence of microplastics in blood. He also said the results were to be expected given the ubiquity of plastics.  DON'T MISS:Joe Biden warns NATO ‘will respond in kind’ Fuming BBC QT audience member demands Tories resign from powerIslington stabbing horror as teenager rushed to hospital after fight Dr Vethak suggested consumers could avoid plastic packaging where possible and avoid heating food in plastic containers to mitigate their risks. Dr Fay Couceiro, a senior research fellow at the University of Portsmouth who was not involved in the study, told the publication it was "an eye-opener". She said: "The ability to detect its presence is critical to us realising the urgency in our need to do more research in this area. "After all, blood links all the organs of our body and if plastic is there it could be anywhere in us." 