Each star sign in the zodiac has different qualities, needs, and desires when it comes to finding love and being in love. Taurus, the second sign in the zodiac, is represented by the Bull. Astrology experts have predicted what’s in store for Taureans over the upcoming days and weeks. Today, March 26, if a Taurus has had an argument with a potential loved one or partner, the experts have urged them to think carefully about their next steps. Horoscope.com said: “Days like today can make you feel a little jumpy. “The day’s planetary configuration could take you and a loved one to emotional extremes. READ MORE: Menopause weight loss: Expert shares which foods to eat to get rid of 'stubborn belly fat' “You may both be arguing and then swearing that you’ll be by each other’s sides forever. “On a romantic sliding scale of one to ten, this day gets a nine, as ultimately you will realise just how much you mean to each other.” As for the weekend, Taurus “has the confident but restless Aries sun” influencing their decisions. This will make Taureans act before thinking much about the consequences of their actions. DON'T MISS: Women ‘can’t take time off' for gender specific health conditions [HEALTH] Weight gain is ‘very common side effect’ to menopause [EXPERT] Menopause: How to lose weight without not diet or exercise [HELP] Astrologists added that this Aries influence will “shorten your decision-making process to almost nothing”. “When it comes to love during this fast-paced transit, you act first and ask questions later,” Horoscope.com continued. “Even though there will be future consequences for your actions now, Taurus, you’ll have few regrets.” According to the experts, Taureans have “a lot to look forward to during your birthday month”. A solar eclipse on April 30 “will bring a burst of energy and enthusiasm to your life”. Horoscope.com said: “This will add to the celebratory feeling you’re already experiencing and is a kick-off to the interesting new things on the horizon. “Look forward to the increased confidence that comes with this solar event that can help elevate your goals to the next level.” But what are Taureans like in love in general? Taurus’ top love matches are Cancer and Virgo, which comes as no surprise as, like other earth signs, Taurus is passionate, sensual, and always seeking out pleasure. Horsocope.com said: “Whether they're indulging in luxurious massages, spending hours in bed with their lover, or going on a long run, Taureans love feeling present in their body and frequently need to get in touch with their physical self.” When it comes to love, honesty is essential for Taureans. Horoscope.com added that because of this trait, going on a first date with a Taurus might resemble a “job interview”. The astrology experts said: “They’re not being rude – they’re built for partnerships and are simply trying to see if you're a good fit at the start. “And once you begin dating a Taurus, forget about white lies. “A Taurus would much rather hear that an outfit is unflattering than endure hollow compliments. “Taurus will hold a grudge against someone who lies, even if it’s a lie just to make them feel happy.”