Former Bayern Munich and Real Madrid legend Ze Roberto has predicted Cristiano Ronaldo will retire in the next few seasons having endured a 'two-year decline'. The Brazilian believes the Manchester United superstar will call an end to his illustrious career before he turns 40 as he can no longer compete with those at the very top of the game. Ronaldo completed a sensational Old Trafford return on Deadline Day last summer when he rejoined from Juventus, thirteen years after swapping United for Real Madrid. However, after initially picking up where he left off, has since seen the goals dry up and his season stall. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner has been accused of being a significant factor behind United's struggles this campaign and has only found the net once in his last 10 outings. That lone strike against Brighton last month also put an end the striker's longest goal drought since 2010 as his fairytale return has swiftly turned into one full of frustration. JUST IN: Solskjaer has already told Rangnick how Man Utd can beat Man City  Amid suggestions Ronaldo is already considering cutting his United homecoming short this summer, Ze Roberto believes the 37-year-old will call time on his career altogether in the near future. The former midfielder, who himself played on until the age of 42 with Palmeiras back him his homeland, declared he thinks Ronaldo will hang up his boots before he reaches the age of 40 as he can no longer produce performances at the peak of the game. "Cristiano is, for me, a machine," Ze Roberto admitted to Sky Sports. "But I don't think he will still be going at 40 because he is a player who has always played at the highest level, always winning trophies and always trying to be the best player in the world. "But in the last two years, we have seen he has not been able to do that with Juventus and now with Manchester United. "The best proof of that is that he hasn't been among the top two or three players for the big individual prizes. "He is still a player who costs a lot, but as someone who is used to competing at such a high level, there will come a time when he decides it is better to stop rather than look for something that won't be the same." While Ronaldo himself has previously expressed his desire to play into his 40s, the Portuguese talisman recently admitted his career is nearing its end as he fuelled speculation surrounding an Old Trafford exit.  He recently told DAZN, “It's hard to say that I don't want more, because if I'm at a club that gives me the opportunity to win more things, why not, and in the national team too. “I know I don't have many years left playing, four or five more. We'll see, and I want to win more things.” Despite his recent goal drought, Ronaldo has contributed 15 goals in 31 appearances for United across all competitions this season, in addition to registering three assists. While these numbers remain impressive, they are far inferior to his consistently remarkable output of the past decade. 