  Jasmine Harman shared with her 100,000 Instagram how the recent crisis in Ukraine had left her “lying awake” at night. The A Place in the Sun star is sending her “thoughts and prayers” to the Ukrainian population and the wake of Vladimir Putin’s ruthless invasion of the country.      Jasmine, 46, took to Instagram today to share her heartache about the “pain and sadness” felt by so many in Ukraine right now. She wrote: “Life just carries on as normal for most of us, regardless of what else is going on in the world. “Regardless of the pain and sadness others may be going through. “It can be hard to connect with things that don’t directly impact our day to day lives,” the presenter continued. READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award    “But at night, I’ve been lying awake, thinking how terrible the situation is for so many Ukrainian people at the moment. “My prayers and thoughts are with you. I’m sorry that this is happening. “It could so easily be any one of us,” she concluded with a broken heart emoji and a Ukrainian flag. Like-minded fans joined in reflecting on the awful events happening in Ukraine currently.     Pamela Wardhaugh wrote: “You are so right, Jasmine. “Our hearts go out to all the people of Ukraine and many of the Russian people who are brave enough to protest against the war, at risk of being arrested for caring. It is all very sad.” Karen Stokes commented: “Jasmine I am exactly the same. I cried last night thinking about what is happening. “And I’m in bed with COVID at the moment so I’m watching too much news - I feel so helpless.” READ MORE... Emmerdale's Emma Atkins issues warning to Lucy Pargeter over soap [NEWS] Catherine Zeta Jones 'so proud' of Michael Douglas at SAG Awards [NEWS] Holly Willoughby sparks concern over Stacey Solomon's absence [NEWS]      Lorraine Reynolds penned: “I'm glad I'm not alone. This has cut me up. As a child I remember the cold War and feeling scared when nuclear weapons were mentioned. “I am now 63 and feel so scared and upset for the future generations. “This will impact their lives forever. Hoping that peace can be restored soon.” Stephen Clarke added: “Absolutely awful. I've helped out in the fire service here in the UK with giving Chernobyl children a tour of the fire station. Great people, and their carers. Praying for you all.”      Russia shocked the world when it invaded Ukraine early on Thursday morning. Ukrainians have taken to the streets with weapons to defend their country, as Putin’s troops continue to wage war in multiple cities. The UN has reported that more than 600,000 civilians have fled Ukraine so far, seeking refuge in neighbouring countries such as Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Hungary and Moldova. Men between the ages of 18 and 60 years old have been asked to stay in the country to help with the war effort.   