Saturday Kitchen host Matt Tebbutt was joined by fitness fanatic Joe Wicks, comedian Rose Matafeo, drinks expert Helen McGinn and fellow chef Ben Tish. This all-star panel seemed to rub viewers the wrong way, with many making remarks about the sound levels and lack of charisma. Onlookers who sat down to watch Saturday's instalment of the cooking chat show were soon reaching for their remotes to change the channel. After having a series of missed episodes due to health issues and a holiday, fans were looking forward to getting their weekend fix of Matt. However, shortly after it started, watchers took to social media to voice their annoyance with the latest instalment. Jen Farrow tweeted: "The most annoying #SaturdayKitchen since they had Naga on. Read More: Emmerdale’s Charles Anderson devastated as Manpreet is given frightening diagnosis? "Joe Wicks and some loud woman that I've never heard of. Time to turn off."Viewers then started to switch off in their droves. The combination of guests seemed to ruffle many onlookers' feathers."Watching #SaturdayKitchen with a coffee & healthy late breakfast. Does #Rose ever stop talking? So annoying. Switch off time," Sue Thomas proclaimed. @Helen_Hotspur echoed Sue: "Too loud whoever she is. Had to switch off #SaturdayKitchen." It wasn't doom and gloom from all spectators,  @MsSinyorita shared: "Got about of the covid but really enjoying the show this week. Is anyone else with me? #SaturdayKitchen. @Hilary_R wanted to know where the "loud" star's outfit was from: "Just need more information about that fabulous jumper. "Is it a hand knit, and if it is, where can I get the pattern ?#SaturdayKitchen." DON’T MISS…Coronation Street twist as Phill Whittaker's secret unveiled in Maria Connor plot? [SPOILERS]Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update from Ravenseat [LATEST]'Never cover it' Star Trek expert shares biggest Lucille Ball 'pet peeve' [LATEST] The show's online chatter posed for entertaining viewing for @Cath_got_taken, : "#saturdaykitchen Twitter is so much better than the actual show." The Body Coach  Joe was on to talk about his books  insightful stories of how his career started. Revealing that when he first started out, even if no one watched his videos, he still made one a week and "added value" w following and business grew over time. Host Matt was a self-professed fan of Rose's BBC Three show Starstruck.