There’s nothing more relaxing than a spa experience and it’s the best way to show your mum appreciation this Mother’s Day. READ MORE: Best Mother's Day hampers for food and drink gifts 2022 11 best Mother’s Day flowers for 2022 - best bouquets you can order online 16 best mother’s day gifts under £50 to spoil mum in 2022 With that in mind, there are plenty of spa breaks across the UK that are perfect for unwinding and pampering. And there’s no need to worry if you’re short on time, you can also treat mum to a luxurious facial or massage that will make her feel truly special. With options available nationwide for every budget, here are the best spa experiences, days and treatments to enjoy and gift to your mum for Mother’s Day 2022. Treat your mum to a relaxing spa experience at the Rena Spa at Leonardo Royal Hotels and enjoy full use of the hotel’s facilities which include a big swimming pool, sauna, steam room and jacuzzi. While there are plenty of treatments on offer from the Rena Spa, the couples massage is a great option for Mother’s Day as it includes a 50 minute aromatherapy massage leaves you feeling refreshed and relaxed to lounge in the spa afterwards. Book on Leonardo Hotel (From £205) Enjoy a day off and book a spa day from a wide range of Macdonald Spas across the UK. It’s a great budget option that includes a 25 minute treatment for two and pick from Elemis Taster Facial, Elemis deep tissue back massage, Sole Delight Foot Treatment or a Pro-radiance hand and nail treatment, and relax in the spa’s comfy facilities. Book on Red Letter Days (Was £110, now £65) Give mum this relaxing experience which allows her to pick between a 50 minute deep tissue or Swedish massage. In the luxurious Montcalm Hotel, she’ll enjoy a glass of Prosecco and get full access to the spa’s facilities for an hour before or after treatment. Book on Virgin Experience Days (£80) Book a stay at Doubletree by Hilton Hotel & Spa Liverpool and enjoy a warm chocolate chip cookie on arrival. The hotel’s spa is in a stunning Grade ll listed building that has historical Corinthian columns, Italian mosaic floors and you can enjoy luxurious ELEMIS therapies, massages, facials in a beautiful setting. Book at Hilton. Enjoy the ultimate Mother’s Day experience at the British seaside and relax with a pampering break at The Grove in Norfolk. Situated in a beautiful coastal area, this experience includes an indulgent 45 minute massage and indulge in a three-course dinner and breakfast. Book at Red Letter Days (£249) If your mum is short on time, then gift her a WOW facial which consists of six steps that achieve beautifully vibrant and glowing skin. An innovative treatment, it’s 75 minutes and is a unique custom peel that’s individualised for each skin type and includes a gentle needling treatment, LED light therapy and a cultbeauty mask that will leave her with a glow that lasts for up to six weeks. Book at WOW facial.