The ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine is causing untold destruction to cities across the country. Almost three million people have fled Ukraine since the invasion was launched 22 days ago and over 700 civilians are reported to have suffered fatalities, as Russia continues to bombard the country with troops, tanks, and airstrikes from all directions.  Despite war crime investigations, severe economic sanctions imposed by the west, and poor progress to achieving his goal of capturing Kyiv, Russian President Vladimir Putin appears to still be showing no signs of ceasefire. Speaking on a stage at the centre of Moscow's Luzhniki Stadium today, Putin promised tens of thousands of people waving Russian flags and chanting "Russia, Russia, Russia" that all of the Kremlin's aims would be achieved. He said: "We know what we need to do, how to do it and at what cost.” As Ukraine remains war-torn, with forces fighting on both the ground and air, it’s raised a few questions about air travel safety.  READ MORE: Russia flights: The 36 countries banned from Russian airspace   Safe Airspace, the conflict zone and risk database, has allocated Ukraine a risk level one. Risk level one is the highest level of risk a country could have, that holds a serious warning to airlines that is “do not fly”. Ukraine closed its entire airspace to all civil flights on February 24 when Russia launched its invasion, and the country has remained at risk level one ever since.  David Mumford, international flight ops specialist at OpsGroup and Relief Air Wing, said: “All airlines are avoiding flying over Ukraine and other closed airspace right now - there's no Air Traffic Control available in Ukraine at the moment, and the entire airspace should be considered a conflict zone. “The only traffic over the airspace are some military flights, like the US Air Force drone currently off the coast of Crimea.” Safe Airspace reports the primary risk to be “unintended targeting of civil aircraft by the military, including misidentification or confusion.” The secondary risk is said to be “potential lack of Ukrainian Air Traffic Control Service at short notice (Cyber Attack), and other unforeseeable non-normal operating environments for civil aircraft.”  DON'T MISS: Britain tightens shackles on Putin invasion plot [EXPLAINED]Brexit Britain criminalises Russian aircraft from entering UK [INSIGHT]'We must assist Ukraine BAR starting WW3' No-fly zone splits opinion [ANALYSIS]    Russia and Belarus have also closed large sections of their own airspace near to their Flight Information Boundaries (FIR) with Ukraine. Moldova, a country on Ukraine’s southern border, has also closed its airspace, only accepting flights on a case by case basis. According to Safe Airspace, those flights must apply to the Ministry of Defence in order to be accepted, signing a declaration accepting “the risks that may arise as a result of operating in conflict areas” - which is a clear indication of the severe risk of operating in this space at the current moment. A number of countries, including the UK, US, Canada, France, and Germany have all issued total flight bans for Ukraine due to the risk from military activity “at all levels.”. 