Bonkers hitmaker Dizzee Rascal has been found guilty of assaulting his ex-girlfriend, Cassandra Jones, who is the mother of his two children. After the verdict, he smashed a photographer’s camera “into pieces”. Dizzee, whose real name is Dylan Mills, was found guilty of attacking Ms Jones by pressing his forehead against hers and pushing her to the ground during a “chaotic” row at a home in Streatham, south London, in June last year. He will be sentenced for assault on April 8 at Croydon Magistrates’ Court. The court heard the 37-year-old was “frustrated” over custody arrangements and they had an argument when he dropped off their daughter at the property. Mr Mills, who had two children with Ms Jones before they split up in February 2021, was said to have “barged” into the home, banged his head on a fridge three times while holding his son and began “screaming and shouting” at Ms Jones and her mother, Dawn Kirk.  The court heard how Ms Jones began filming him, but he took her phone and then took Ms Kirk’s phone, and his shouting became so loud that it alerted two of the neighbours, and the police were called. A judge was told how when they arrived, Mr Mills said “I’m the aggressor”, but later gave a prepared statement in a police interview, denying the allegations and claiming he had been assaulted by Ms Jones. Mr Mills denied being “angry and upset” when he arrived at the house, and instead claimed he was excited to see his baby son. He said he wanted to speak to Ms Kirk, the grandmother of his children. “I wanted to ask her mum why she kept allowing her daughter to use my children as a weapon against me,” he alleged. He described Ms Jones as acting “erratic and rude” and “shouting in [his] face”, and said he took their phones because he feared they would use them as weapons. Sally Bennet-Jenkins, who was defending Mr Mills, asked: “Did you put ever put your head against Cassie?” and “Did you walk her back,” and “Did you see Cassie fall to the floor?” Mr Mills responded “no” to all three questions. DON’T MISS:‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [LATEST]‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [NEWS]Strictly's Katya Jones reaches out to ex Neil 'I hope you're proud!' [LATEST] In a statement to police, Mr Mills alleged Ms Jones had assaulted him by pushing him and scratching his arm. Mr Mills pleaded not guilty during the hearing, and his friend of more than a decade, former boxer David Haye, spoke to the court to provide a character witness, and described Mr Mills as a "stand up and down to earth kind of human" as well as a "role model father". An ex-girlfriend of the rapper also described him as “very calm and patient” and said she was “very shocked” to hear of the allegations against him. After the court hearing, the rapper was seen appearing to throw a camera belonging to a snapper from PA Media named James Manning.  Mr Manning claimed he was “standing still on the corner” taking photographs of Mr Mills, when he was approached. “He then pushed my camera into my face, which then caused it to fall to the floor, at which point he then picked it up and then threw it across the road,” said Mr Manning. “It smashed into a lot of pieces. He was angry, he came straight out of the door, didn’t say anything, didn’t say anything until the point at which he pushed my camera. “I think he said something like ‘get away’ or ‘get out of my face’ or something along those lines.” Mr Manning said Mr Mills simply “walked off” afterwards, and he was not pursued.