One of the most common symptoms of bladder cancer, as pointed out by the charity Macmillan Cancer Support, is haematuria, which is the medical term for finding blood in urine. The bladder – a hollow and muscular organ – is responsible for collecting and storing urine. Hence why urinary issues, such as blood in the urine, develops when cancer is growing in the bladder. Blood in the urine may come on very suddenly, and the symptom may come and go. "Your pee (urine) may look pink, red or sometimes brown," Macmillan pointed out. There may also be streaks or clots of blood in the urine, but it is entirely possible for the blood to microscopic, meaning you can not see it with the naked eye. Other urinary issues include the need to rush off to the toilet to urinate (urgency) or the need to urinate more frequently. READ MORE: How to sleep – 'Hypnotic' sleeping pills and why there's a better alternative Moreover, bladder cancer may lead to a burning sensation when you do urinate. Macmillan assured: "These symptoms are usually caused by an infection or an overactive bladder rather than cancer." However, as there is a chance that it could be cancer, it is still a good idea to discuss your symptoms with your doctor. Risk factors for bladder cancer Smoking increases the risk of bladder cancer, with one in four cases being attributed to the unhealthy habit. Exposure to chemicals at work could be another risk factor, most notable in hairdressing and textile industries. Other industries include: rubber, leather, printing, gasworks, plastic and paint. Macmillan stated: "Many of these chemicals are now banned. But it can take more than 25 years after exposure to them for bladder cancer to develop. "You may be able to claim Industrial Injuries Disablement Benefit if you think chemicals at your work may have caused the cancer." The NHS explained: "Once diagnosed, bladder cancer can be classified by how far it has spread." If the cancer is contained within the lining of the bladder, it's known as early bladder cancer. However, if the cancerous cells spread beyond the lining of the bladder, the cancer could be harder to treat. In cases of non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer, where the cancer is contained inside of the bladder, it is "usually possible" to remove the cancerous cells while leaving the rest of the bladder intact. "All hospitals use multidisciplinary teams to treat bladder cancer," the NHS added. Usual team members include a urologist, a clinical oncologist, a pathologist, ands radiologist. While the medical team can give recommendations for treatment, the ultimate decision on your care is you. Treatments, in addition to surgery, may include chemotherapy and immunotherapy.