Former musician Don Craine was featured alongside Fiona Bruce and the Antiques Roadshow’s team of experts as the show returned to BBC One on Sunday evening. A member of ‘60s band Downliners Sect, Don had brought in an array of musical memorabilia synonymous with London’s famous Eel Pie Island to see if they had any worth. However, after the episode aired, the show’s official Twitter account shared a heartfelt tribute to Don as it revealed he’d died. To its 26.5k followers, the Antiques Roadshow account penned: “We were sorry to hear that Don Craine, who appeared on #antiquesroadshow with Andy McConnell to reminisce about Eel Pie Island and his band the Downliners Sect, had recently passed away. “He’ll be much missed,” it signed off, with the tribute garnering dozens of ‘likes’ in a matter of minutes. Don was introduced to the show by Fiona to join music expert Andy along with his prized items. Speaking of Eel Pie Island, Fiona said: “In the 1960s, it was a cauldron of rhythm and blues music. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell “The kind of place our glass specialist Andy McConnell dreamed of going when he was a young music fan and aspiring music journalist.” Perusing over Don’s collection, Andy mused: “So we’ve got a waistcoat here, a picture of The Stones here, and some other stuff. So what’s the story?” Don explained: “Well they’re exhibits in the Eel Pie Island Museum and Eel Pie Island in the 60s was a hive of musical activity.” “Yeah, so it was an island in the Thames,” Andy chimed in before Don continued: “Yes, quite magical.” He continued: “To approach it, you had to go over a bridge with a little lamppost at the entrance to the bridge, just like Narnia.” Andy then asked Don to provide more details about exactly what he was looking at. “Well, there’s some pictures of Rod Stewart when he played at the Eel Pie Island Hotel,” Don began. “There’s the original passport for the Eel Pie Island Club, and that was when it was a jazz club. DON'T MISS:Antiques Roadshow guest ‘emotional’ over value of sketch of her motherBargain Hunt's Charlie Ross on biggest break 'Fate of circumstance'Antiques Road Trip's Izzie Balmer bowled over by £40 tile profit “There’s also one of my old ‘60s hats that I used to wear.” Referring to the eye-catching snap on the table, Don went on: “And of course, the picture of The Stones. “(It’s) identifiable as the Eel Pie Island by the stage backdrop, which was done specially for the old jazz days.” Don then revealed that a waistcoat he’d brought along was worn by none other than Bill Wyman. Don revealed his band would alternate with The Stones performing at the iconic venue, singing “every month in 1964”. Andy soon reflected on his own career as a rock journalist living in Epping and showed off some of his own memorabilia from his career. Sadly for Andy, however, he never made it to Eel Pie Island as it was too far away from his lodgings. As he turned his attention back to Don’s artefacts, Andy revealed a valuation of £1,000 to £1,500 had been placed on them. Antiques Roadshow continues Sundays on BBC One.