Amanda Owen, who is the star of Our Yorkshire Farm, has shared some news as things come to an abrupt close for the next two months. Fans of the Channel 5 star often wander to Ravenseat Farm where they can enjoy a day out with a spot of tea and cakes - served by the Yorkshire shepherdess herself. The 46-year-old has since taken to her official website and announced that Ravenseat Farm will be closed over the next two months. Amanda confirmed that the closure comes during peak lambing season. The announcement said: "Sorry Ravenseat is closed for visitors until mid-May. We will be busy lambing for the next few weeks so would ask visitors not to come into the farmyard. "Please watch the website for notification on when we are open again." READ MORE: Will Smith quips 'can't invite people from Philly nowhere' after slap The announcement comes just days after the mum-of-nine took to Twitter and shared some exciting news. Taking to the micro-blogging site, Amanda revealed that they had welcomed a brand new arrival to the farm, much to the family's delight. The on-screen star shared a series of photos following the birth of a new lamb. In view of her 193,000 followers, Amanda penned a heartfelt message following the farm animal's birth.  She penned: "The new arrival. "Small but perfectly formed and clearly a little bit on the sharp side as we’re not due to start lambing just yet." Amanda added the hashtags: "#yorkshire #shepherdess #farm #spring #lambing." It didn't take long before her legion of her followers reacted to the heartwarming photos. DON'T MISS... Jane Seymour, 71, showcases ageless beauty in plunging green gown[LATEST]Strictly's Aljaz leaves co-stars heartbroken as pro bids farewell[TV]Aled Jones' daughter Emilia puts on risqué display in gold dress[PICTURES] Twitter user, Glenda Shaw, commented: "Such a cute little lamb, your children are very lucky being brought up on a farm. I am very jealous as I love nature and anything to do with animals." Janet Evans remarked: "Just magical to see new life Brilliant your family are so blessed to have this wonderful event on your amazing farm and it’s only just begun. Love to the Owens family." Sandra Connaughton gushed: "I'm sure the little beauty will be well looked after and to full size in no time." Valerie Wickens added: "Just beautiful! Shame weather turning colder." Amanda also shared the sweet snaps via her Instagram account and she was quickly flooded with comments as fans quizzed the star on the return of Our Yorkshire Farm. Blue Skies said: "Miss watching this on TV, will you ever come back?" June Reynolds added: "Hurry up and do a new series, miss seeing your lovely family." Our Yorkshire Farm gives Channel 5 viewers an insight to Amanda Owen’s countryside life on Ravenseat Farm and should return to viewers' screens soon. Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on My5.