Nick Kyrgios closed out an impressive 6-3 6-0 win over world No 7 Andrey Rublev in just 51 minutes to advance to the Miami Open third-round. The 26-year-old Aussie will return to the world's top 100 after securing the fastest win of the week at the Hard Rock Stadium and he took the chance to pay tribute to his mother after his stunning victory. Kyrgios has been in good form of late, managing to equal his previous career-best showing in Indian Wells last week by making the quarter-final, where he narrowly lost to Rafael Nadal. The Miami Open is still just his third tournament since taking time off for a knee injury in September, and he started his campaign with a 7-6(3) 6-3 win over Adrian Mannarino. He had appeared to struggle with a knee injury in the opening round, calling the trainer to court and saying after the match that the pain was an “eight out of ten”. And the issue continued to bother him as he faced fifth seed Rublev in a blockbuster second-round clash. The current world No 102 was broken in the third game of the match but managed to break straight back though could be seen doubled over in pain and holding his knee at the back of the court after levelling things at 2-2. He then won four of the next five games to take the opening set 6-3 in under half an hour. JUST IN: Norrie's exciting Draper verdict in Miami as pair seek to copy Murray  His momentum continued into the second set as he broke in the opening game and was forced to save a break point himself to lead 2-0. After the 26-year-old broke the world No 7’s serve once again, Rublev received a code violation for smashing his racket into the side board in frustration. The former world No 13 couldn't be stopped as he held serve and then broke once more to give himself the chance to serve out the match in under an hour. He was raring to go, standing at the baseline to serve long before the change of ends finished. On match point he hit an underarm tweener serve that proved unsuccessful as Rublev managed to fight to get to deuce but Kyrgios closed out a 6-3 6-0 victory in just 51 minutes on his fourth match point to advance to the third round. DON'T MISSBrooksby apologises for Miami outburst after Kyrgios and Zverev remarkCam Norrie wins battle of the Brits against Jack Draper in Miami OpenNadal tribute shared by Barty after retirement - 'Amazing for tennis'  Having dropped outside of the world's top 100 thanks to his extended period away from the tour, only playing seven tournaments last season before ending it short with injury, he will now return to the top 100 off the back of his impressive, speedy victory. The six-time singles title winner will next play fiery 31st seed Fabio Fognini in the third round after the Italian narrowly overcame Taro Daniel in three sets.