Nigel Farage, who was Leader of the UK Independence Party from 2006 to 2009, may come into a cash windfall despite recently launching a campaign opposing the Government’s net zero 2050 target, in a move which has been branded “pathetic”. The 57-year-old politician owns 1m share options in Dutch Green Business (DGB), which he was granted at the general meeting of the shareholders in September 2021 with a “strike price” of €1.50.   Mr Farage was introduced to DGB by friend John Mappin, who together with his wife has a 30 percent stake in the company, according to Bloomberg data. The share price of DGB is currently positioned at roughly €1, however, if it hits €20, Mr Farage’s share options will be worth just under €20m (£16.9m), an investigation by Greenpeace’s “Unearthed” investigation unit has found. The strike price for the shares is €1.50, meaning Mr Farage would need to pay €1.5m to access the shares and doing so would mean Mr Farage would receive a €18.5m (£15.7) profit. However, Mr Farage has played down the possibility. READ MORE: Trump humiliated after ‘uninterested’ small crowd at rally He told the FT: “If I had a better forecast at Cheltenham last week I would have won £20 million.” He added: “At the moment my relationship (with DGB) is in abeyance.” Ed Davey, leader of the Liberal Democrat party, has condemned Mr Farage's involvement. He said: “Farage is pathetically trying to whip up a backlash against rich people supposedly making big profits from climate action, while looking to make big profits from climate action himself.” DON'T MISSBrexit poll: Do YOU think the UK should rejoin the EU single market? [POLL]Laura Kuenssberg's salary rises by £10k for new role [INSIGHT]Westminster 'fury' over Welsh Government's stance on Queen booklet [REVEAL]   Last month, Mr Farage was slammed for launching his campaign, initially dubbed “Britain Means Business” before changing to “Power Not Poverty”, which was aimed to boost UK coal mines and start drilling for shale gas in Britain. He announced the campaign in a Daily Mail column, saying: “Net Zero is net stupid. “By taking Britain down its ruinous path, the political class in Westminster has made a decision on behalf of the rest of us without any public debate being held, saddling taxpayers with a debt that few politicians are brave enough to quantify publicly and even fewer economists are clever enough to forecast accurately. “It is a scandal of epic proportions and it must be challenged.”    Critics claimed the move would push the UK further away from green energy and more reliant on oil. However, the former Brexit party leader told the FT his anti-net zero campaign was not about global warming but focused on Britain using domestic sources of oil and gas, rather than imports. He said: “I’ve always been a conservationist, since before the Green party was born.”  