Santander confirmed last week that it is increasing the interest rate across its 123, Select and Private Current Account to 0.50 percent AER. This will be available to customers with savings of up to £20,000 and could mean £100 in interest over the course of a year. Following the Bank of England interest rate increase this month, Santander has announced the rate on its Santander 123, Select, and Private Current Accounts will rise to 0.50 percent. This increase will mean that Santander customers can get up to £100 in interest on their account every year. Customers can also benefit from cashback if they switch on retailer offers from their mobile banking app. However, these savings accounts come with a £4 monthly fee. READ MORE: Universal Credit payment dates for Easter and how to claim 30 freebies Santander customers can also get cashback on bills, something that might be particularly appealing to Britons right now. They will be offered one percent cashback on council tax and phone bills. They can get the same amount of cashback on broadband, TV packages and mortgage payments. On gas and electricity customers will receive two percent cashback. DON'T MISS:NS&I offers more choice for jackpot winners [UPDATE]Council tax reductions: Who is eligible and how to claim [INSIGHT]Gifting cash to beat Sunak’s inheritance tax grab? Avoid mistakes [WARNING] In addition, home and life insurance premiums taken out through Santander are also eligible for two percent cashback. Meanwhile, customers can get three percent cashback on water bills. Hetal Parmar, the head of Banking at Santander UK, said: “Santander is the only bank to offer customers ongoing value, every single month, by paying cashback on household bills through our 1I2I3 current accounts. The bank is no longer offering new and existing customers £140 to switch. What are the best bank account switching deals? Santander isn’t currently offering money to customers who switch. NatWest, HSBC and First Direct are currently offering customers £150. Royal Bank of Scotland £150. Nationwide is offering up to £125. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Eight questions to consider when choosing a savings account: