Fresh flowers are the easiest way to brighten up any room in the house, leaving many of us wondering how we can make spring blooms last even longer. Keeping the water clean and removing low-set leaves is crucial to prevent an unpleasant smell, but there are a few other key ingredients that can help. While bleach is known for its fast-acting cleaning power, it turns out this thick liquid is perfect for keeping your vase of flowers fresh - but why is it so good? What other ingredients can you use? Spring is the perfect time of year to bring a piece of the great outdoors into your home, and what better way to do it than with a vase of fresh flowers. While bright seasonal blooms will look and smell inviting for the first few days, the sliced stems can quickly lead to wilted petals and a musty stench filling the room. Luckily keeping your vase fuller for longer is easier than you might think, and you probably already have the key ingredients at your disposal. The experts at GardenBuildingsDirect.co.uk have shared their top hacks to make your flowers last far beyond your expectations - and they might just surprise you. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home Shop bought flowers and freshly cut stems require both time and money to keep them looking vibrant, but there are a number of frugal hacks that will help you make the most of your blooms for next to no cost at all. Adding bleach to your vase may sound like a recipe for disaster, but your freshly cut garden flowers are guaranteed to last longer with a dash of this gloopy liquid. Even just a small amount of bleach can have an impressive effect on your flowers, so use it sparingly for the best results. The experts at GardenBuildingsDirect.co.uk recommend pouring one quarter of a teaspoon of bleach into one litre of water - though you should adjust this to suit smaller vases. As well as helping to keep flowers thriving for longer, the bleach will also prevent the water from becoming cloudy, while inhibiting bacterial growth. This sticky hair product can be used on more than just your luscious locks, offering a much-needed boost to wilting blooms. Simply spritz your standard hairspray product over an arranged vase of flowers to keep them looking pristine for longer. Just as this clever product preserves your hairstyle, you should find that the formula works to strengthen your flowers once they’ve been cut. DON'T MISS:Lawn weeds: Three ways to tell if your garden grass has weeds [INSIGHT]Flowers: The 95p hack to keep any cut blooms thriving for longer [REVEAL]Flowers to plant now for a 'delicious' and beautiful 'cottage' garden [ANALYSIS] Perhaps a more obvious supplement to standard flower food, sugar is a great way to sweeten the stems of freshly cut flowers or shop bought bouquets. This cupboard staple can be used as a preservative to keep flowers looking healthy for longer after just one dose. Dissolve three tablespoons of sugar into one litre of warm water until the granules disappear. When filling the vase, the freshly cut stems should be covered by seven to ten centimetres of prepared water. Another product known for its cleansing and health-boosting effects, apple cider vinegar is the perfect solution for boosting cut flowers. Vinegar works very well when combined with sugar too, so mix them together for extra impact. Use two tablespoons of each product per litre of water, and be sure to change the water every couple of days to maximise the longevity of your plants. This trending hack will cost you just 2p and require little to no effort at all. Simply place a 2p coin at the bottom of their flower vase before adding in a bunch of fresh tulips or spring daffodils. Unknown to many, these small copper coins contain natural antimicrobial properties which work to prevent the growth of bacteria. As a result, your blooms stay fresher for longer while delaying the wilting process by at least a few days.