Experts at StoreDot said they are in “advanced stages” of development on new technology which could deliver rapid charging. They say their technology will gradually improve over the coming years as electric cars become more popular. StoreDot says their technology could see cars charged for 100 miles within just five minutes by 2024. Meanwhile, batteries will improve by 40 percent over four years with cars charging in just three minutes by 2028 Finally, there will be an additional 33 percent improvement with drivers able to charge their cars in just 120 seconds. Dr Doron Myersdif, StoreDot CEO said the tools will help provide “a better charging experience” for road users. READ MORE: Massive law changes to equip homes with EV chargers is 'frustrating' electric car charging He also warned faster charging would help many “overcome the major barrier” to the widespread adoption of EVs, range anxiety. He said: “It’s absolutely crucial that we give global automotive manufacturers a clear, realistic and hype-free roadmap for the introduction of our fast-charging battery technologies. “After intense development of our silicon-dominant chemistries we will be mass-production ready by 2024, delivering a transformative product that will overcome the major barrier to the widespread adoption of electric vehicles – charging times and range anxiety. “However, we are committed to a rapid transition to a cleaner, zero-emissions world and our strategic technology roadmap extends long after 2024, where each milestone represents an impressive performance improvement - a major impact on the driver’s experience. DON'T MISSUK regions being ‘left behind’ by a lack of EV charging stations [INSIGHT]Calls for major overhaul of electric vehicle charging infrastructure [ANALYSIS]Car park fines for drivers is ‘another reason not to buy an EV’ [COMMENT] “We are also progressing with our semi-solid state battery aiming for its production at scale by 2028, which will demonstrate a better charging experience for EV drivers in terms of miles per minute of charging. “Our ultimate goal though, and one that is now absolutely in our grasp, is to produce cells that will revolutionize charging times, achieving 100 miles of range in only two minutes.” In comparison, Pod Point warns home charging points tends to top up cars by between 3.6 and 7kwW per hour. This would mean cars only receive around 15 to 30 miles of range per hour. Concerns about vehicle range are one of the main reasons drivers are yet to take up EVs en masse. A poll from the RAC last summer found 47 percent of combustion-engined drivers think the main advantage of a petrol or diesel car is greater range. Of the 30 percent of internal combustion owners who said they are unlikely to consider owning an EV, a massive 58 percent said shorter driving ranges was their biggest concern. Almost a third of those surveyed said easier charging would draw them in. Meanwhile, 30 percent said having a better charging infrastructure could persuade them to make the switch. New analysis from Nissan recently revealed some electric cars were travelling further than combustion vehicles. On average, EVs are travelling an extra 630 kilometres than petrol and diesel models. Arnaud Charpentier, Region Vice President at Nissan was confident range anxiety would soon become an issue of the past.