March is a notoriously busy time for property sales with plenty of UK homeowners looking to sell up and move on before summer arrives. While climbing house prices are becoming increasingly unaffordable for many, one property expert has revealed why it’s the perfect time to sell your home. Express.co.uk spoke to Stuart Law, CEO at Assetz Group to find out why you should make the most out of the rising rates this spring. The latest Halifax House Price Index has recorded a rapid increase in house prices despite a slower start to the year. Russel Galley, Managing Director of Halifax, said: “The UK housing market shrugged off a slightly slower start to the year with average property prices rising by another 0.5 percent in February, or £1,478 in cash terms.” Despite the increasing cost of living forcing many Brits to stretch a low income, the so-called spring property boom is expected to see prices continue to rise throughout March. While seasonal demand is just one element of the thriving market, Stuart Law, CEO at Assetz Group says that short supply is also driving the demand. READ MORE: The pros and cons to buying in the current housing market Speaking to Express.co.uk, Stuart said: “Spring has long been associated with being an exceptionally busy time in the UK property market with March often pinpointed as a key month in the annual calendar for those looking to buy or sell. “Post-Covid gardens and outside space are high on the agenda for many buyers, so I expect demand to be at heightened levels this year for quality homes that offer great outdoor entertaining space.” With many people on the hunt for larger, open-plan properties, buyers are willing to pay higher prices for what they want, rather than compromise on a cheaper property with less space. Stuart added: “The shortage of stock seen currently means that prices are achieving real premiums at present, however as more stock comes on the market over spring, we should see things even out somewhat.” With prices and demand at an all-time high, the substantially lower stock makes the market less competitive for sellers. Stuart explained: “Now is an excellent time to consider selling. “In a few months’ time, there will be far more homes on the market and therefore competition, so those that are serious about moving should consider speaking to agents now.” While smaller, city properties are in lower demand, homeowners considering moving from the countryside or scenic settings are in with a chance of making some serious profit on their sale. Stuart added: “Homes in highest demand are those in the countryside or coast that offer access to beautiful scenic outlooks while still retaining good commutable links for part-time office workers. “Good locations, beautiful gardens, high-speed broadband and energy-efficient homes will be key this spring in my view!” DON'T MISS:House buying timeline: How long does it really take to buy a home? [REVEAL]House prices: ‘Hidden factors’ which could devalue your property [INISGHT]House prices: What the spring property boom means for your move [LATEST] While property-seekers making the move from rented accommodation are at the advantage of a chain-free purchase, the market can be a competitive place - even for cash buyers. Stuart warned that buyers should “anticipate a busy market” where sealed bidding offers and fast-moving transitions will be favoured if demand continues to outpace stock. Despite the spring property boom posing some potential challenges for some buyers, Stuart added that the market could be noticeably slower after March, compared to recent years. He said: “Generally I think we’ll see a very active spring market for buyers at all levels, I doubt however that we’ll see the same number of record transactions recorded last year. “That said, house prices don’t appear to be deterring first-time buyers and more regulation and taxation against buy to let investors has had a severe impact on the market, meaning the high levels of competition that previously existed for one and two-bed flats has largely dissipated.” The annual rate of house price growth has now grown to 10.8 percent, but how will prices change throughout March? While Stuart predicts a more settled market as we edge further into spring, he believes that newly built homes will attract higher prices based on two main factors. He said: “In the new homes market I expect that we’ll see even higher growth however, largely dictated by the lower levels of supply and better energy efficiencies these homes are achieving, particularly in the current climate of rising energy bills and the government’s focus on homes that are more energy efficient.”