The Royal Family Twitter account, which represents the Queen and all the senior members of the Royal Family without their own social media handle, marked Mother's Day in the UK by sharing a beautiful vintage snap. The sepia-coloured picture shows the Queen Mother smiling softly while surrounded by her two beloved young daughters - Princess Margaret and Princess Elizabeth, the Queen. The tweet was accompanied by a brief message, reading: "Wishing all those celebrating today a very special Mothering Sunday." The Queen is known to have been very close to her mother and sister, whom died two decades ago. Following the untimely death of King George VI in February 1952, the new monarch is believed to have further tightened her bond with her mother. Notably, mother and daughter shared a deep love for horses and horse racing. The sovereign is also believed to have often sought the advice of the Queen Mother, deemed a close confidante just like her husband Prince Philip. The Queen Mother was also very close to Prince Charles, who following her death penned a heartfelt tribute. He said: "I know too what she meant to my whole family, particularly the Queen, to whom she was such a stalwart and sensitive support when my grandfather died, when he was only two-and-a-half years older than I am now. "For me, she meant everything and I had dreaded, dreaded this moment along with, I know, countless others. READ MORE: Queen refuses wheelchair but may use ‘mobility scooter’ behind closed "Somehow, I never thought it would come. "She seemed gloriously unstoppable and, since I was a child, I adored her." The Queen isn't the only royal mum to celebrate the special day today. Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William are to be reunited with Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis in time to be able to celebrate Mother's Day with them. The Cambridges have been on an eight-day-long tour of the Caribbean. Over the past week, they visited Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas. And this last destination reportedly left the royals so stunned they are already looking forward to returning there with their beloved children. A source told the MailOnline: "They said they have FaceTimed their children to show them the views, which blew them away, and that they can't wait to come back with them." Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, is also celebrating this special day as she has two adult children - Laura Lopes and Tom Parker Bowles. One member of the Royal Family who may not be marking Mother's Day today is Meghan, Duchess of Sussex. This is because in the US mums celebrate their special day in May. Meghan and Harry certainly marked the American Mother's Day in 2019, when they shared on their now-defunct Instagram account - Sussex Royal - a picture of newborn Archie Harrison's feet and Meghan's hand. The post read: "Paying tribute to all mothers today - past, present, mothers-to-be, and those lost but forever remembered. "We honour and celebrate each and every one of you. "Today is Mother’s Day in the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Kenya, Japan, and several countries across Europe." Highlighting little Archie was born only a few days prior, the message added: "This is the first Mother’s Day for The Duchess of Sussex."