From April, the state pension will rise by up to £5.55 a week, but not everyone will get the maximum increase. It may not be too late for future retirees to ensure they do not suffer the same fate. The full new state pension currently sits at a value of £179.60, but this will rise to £185.15 in less than a month. This is because of a 3.1 percent increase which will be applied to everyone who receives the state pension. An extra £5.55 per week would add up to an additional £288.60 over the course of a year. However, not everyone will receive the full benefit of the increase, as some people do not get the full state pension. READ MORE: April's 13.25% National Insurance hike faces axe - 'Sunak must act NOW' The amount of state pension someone is entitled to is dependent on their National Insurance record when they reach state pension age. To get the full new state pension, Britons may need 35 qualifying years on their record. People who do not get the full state pension will therefore get a lesser boost in terms of monetary amount when the increase kicks in from April, even though their income will rise by the same percentage. Britons need 10 years on their record to get any state pension at all. DON'T MISSPIP claimants 'could lose Warm Home Discount in change to DWP rules' - 200,000 affected [ALERT]‘I am concerned!’ Martin Lewis issues warning to every household earning under £30,000 [WARNING]Sunak unleashes inheritance tax and capital gains tax blitz in April - do this NOW [TAX] There are multiple ways someone can build up their National Insurance record and at the same time entitle themselves to more state pension when they reach state pension age. Qualifying years are most commonly earned by paying National Insurance contributions through employment or self-employment. Someone who earns more than £184 a week from one employer will pay National Insurance and therefore be able to earn qualifying years. Those who are not working can also earn qualifying years by claiming certain benefits with attached National Insurance credits. The following benefits may provide National Insurance credits: If someone cannot claim these benefits but still wishes to improve their National Insurance record, they may be able to pay voluntary contributions. Britons can check their National Insurance record using the Government website and find out where they stand. This could show them if they need to earn more qualifying years in order to get the full state pension when they become eligible. They can then decide whether they want to take steps to improve their record via any of the methods available to them.