Earlier this week, the Chancellor Rishi Sunak laid out the Government’s updated spending plans and shared pending changes to National Insurance. One of these changes is an increase to the annual National Insurance thresholds for employees, and for the self-employed. The threshold is the financial point at which taxpayers begin to pay the standard rate of the tax on their salary or on their profits. Specifically, Mr Sunak revealed that the primary threshold for the main rate of National Insurance will rise £9,880 to £12,570 from July 2022. This latest tax development is set to benefit around 30 million, wrestling in an overall tax saving of £330. Some 70 percent of National Insurance taxpayers will pay less contributions, even when the upcoming Health and Social Care Levy is taken into account. Furthermore, around 2.2 million people will no longer pay Class 1 and Class 4 National Insurance contributions and the Health and Social Care Levy entirely. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim However, some financial experts are unsure whether this £330 “giveaway” will be truly beneficial to addressing the cost of living crisis. Laura Suter, AJ Bell’s personal finance expert, said: “The Chancellor attempted to steal the headlines yesterday by announcing a £330 giveaway to everyone thanks to his plans to increase the National Insurance threshold. “But these figures lay bare the amount of extra tax we’ll all have to pay when compared to before he started tinkering with the system. “It’s true that people will save £330 a year from July as a result of raising the threshold to £12,570, but that’s only if we compare it to the higher tax regime Rishi had already announced – by whacking an extra 1.25 percentage points onto National Insurance rates. DON'T MISS  “In actual fact, if we compare the new system from next month, of higher National Insurance rates and then three months later a higher threshold, with the previous system of lower National Insurance and standard inflation-uprating of the thresholds most of us would be better off to the tune of hundreds of pounds over the next five years. Giving a hypothetical example, Ms Suter shared how the changes to the threshold will benefit people on certain salaries more than others. She added: “Someone on £25,000, who sees their salary increase in line with wage expectations, will pay £120 more in tax over those five years. “But it’s the middle earners where the squeeze really happens, as someone on £50,000 will pay an extra £1,853 in tax over that time. However, the higher earners come out better off, with someone on £80,000 actually paying £23 less tax over the period. “The higher earner anomaly is because under the new system the upper limit for National Insurance, where the lower 3.25 percent rate kicks in, will be frozen at £50,270 for the next four years, which means that as someone’s salary increases it’s only subject to 3.25 percent National Insurance. “This compares to the current system where both the upper and lower thresholds rise with inflation.” Last year, the Chancellor confirmed the 1.25 percentage point increase to National Insurance on workers, bosses and the self-employed. In light of this, AJ Bell’s finance expert believes it is an “audacious” move of Mr Sunak to attempt to portray the threshold change as a true tax cut. Ms Suter explained: “In some ways it’s admirably audacious to announce a massive tax hike and then try to win plaudits for reducing the very tax rates you increased, but the end result is that much of the population will still be paying higher taxes. “The OBR itself finds that for every £4 Rishi Sunak increased taxes by last year he’s only giving back £1 in today’s plans – which doesn’t amount to much help in the current cost of living crisis.”