Manchester City have left the door open for title rivals Liverpool to bridge the gap between the two clubs to just a point this week. Pep Guardiola’s side could only manage a draw up against Crystal Palace on Monday night. The Eagles defended well up against the endless waves of attacks from City, with goalkeeper Vicente Guaita forced into making some top-quality saves. However, Pep Guardiola’s side were incredibly wasteful in front of goal as well. Aymeric Laporte missed two golden opportunities, Bernardo Silva failed to hit the target from inside the five-yard box and Riyad Mahrez, too, will be disappointed with his finishing. With Liverpool travelling to the Emirates Stadium on Wednesday night to take on Arsenal, City will be hoping that their ex-coach Mikel Arteta can do his former side a favour and mastermind a result against Jurgen Klopp’s side. JUST IN: Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang responds to Piers Morgan support over Arsenal exit Speaking to Sky Sports after the match, Gary Neville explained that City’s lack of desire to turn up the tempo in a match is a major flaw in their style, often relying on sustained pressure being able to break sides down. The former Manchester United defender said: “There is an element to City where they don’t go through the gears, often because they don’t need to, and they play and the same pace in the belief the chances would come. They didn’t panic, but it didn’t happen for them tonight. "They missed big chances, those final moments, passes. If you’re going to take points off City everything has got to go right, including City not being sharp in front of goal, and that is what happened.” The pundit then went on to explain that City’s inability to secure the signature of a striker in the summer – though, really, at no fault of their own – could cost them with nine games of the season left. DON’T MISSArnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man UtdKylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chanceBarcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Comparing City with Liverpool, Neville explained: “You’re talking about fine margins when you’re talking about these two great sides that are going for the Premier League title and have been for a couple of years now. You’re not talking about massive differences. “There’s nothing wrong with Pep Guardiola’s team but the one thing I would say is if Liverpool play that game tonight, they win that game because they’ve got better strikers they’ve got better forwards. “They’ve got more ruthless finishers they have five of them there that I’d put my money on whereas City, they are almost like midfield players or wide players playing in those positions.” After a discussion on how midfielders like Jack Grealish and Phil Foden being deployed as forwards by Guardiola lack the natural cutting edge of a striker, Neville then revealed which team he thinks will lift the Premier League trophy at the end of May. “Both teams are at their highest level, so you’re talking about what is that difference between them,” he added. "Diaz has come in, Mane, Firmino, Salah, Jota, they’re all there and Liverpool are going to score goals, and they’re on an unbelievable run. "City, brilliant team, could still win this league, no doubt. But it could be the difference.” After an unsuccessful pursuit of Tottenham Hotspur’s Harry Kane in the summer, City will be keen to sign a striker at the end of the season. According to the Daily Mail, Guardiola’s side are leading the race to sign sought after star Erling Haaland. The Norwegian has a release clause of £63million that becomes active in the summer, and at 21 years old, would be a long-term resolution to the Etihad Stadium’s lack of an out and out no.9. 