And the UK pledged to later add gas to the boycott as the world stepped up economic pressure on Moscow's murderous regime. It came after President Joe Biden announced the United States would target "the main artery of Russia's economy" by banning all imports of oil, liquefied natural gas and coal from the pariah nation. A White House spokesman said President Biden yesterday signed an executive order to immediately stop any new Russian energy purchases. Existing contracts will be given a 45-day wind-down period. The UK-US moved together to effectively ban Russian oil after desperado Putin threatened to cut off gas flowing through the Nord Stream One pipe to Germany. The UK and US embargoes are certain to create ripples across the oil and gas markets and encourage other countries to follow. Experts have suggested sanctions imposed on Saudi Arabia, Iran and Venezuela could be eased to source replacement barrels. The Russian oil ban is certain to hurt gas markets and could drive prices up so high that some factory production may be halted. Mr Johnson said Britain's stand will not harm businesses here. But last night there were the first signs of panic buying on petrol forecourts as fuel prices rose again. The Prime Minister said: "The UK is less exposed [than European allies] but clearly we do have diesel that comes from Russia and we can't move overnight. "But we can certainly do it and in a way that doesn't disrupt supply, that ensures we have substitute supplies on stream in an orderly way that won't affect UK business. "It won't affect UK manufacturing, road haulage or other parts of our industry but will punish the regime ofVladimir Putin." President Biden said: "We're banning all imports of Russian oil and gas and energy. "That means Russian oil will no longer be acceptable at US ports and the American people will deal another powerful blow to Putin's war machine." Russian imports of oil make up eight per cent of UK demand while natural gas makes up around four per cent of our supplies - far less than the EU at 35 per cent. The EU plans to cut Russian gas imports by two-thirds this year while rapidly scaling up renewables and energy efficiency measures. UK Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng said the Government is also "exploring options" to end imports from the outcast state. He said: "The UK is a significant producer of oil and oil products, plus we hold significant reserves. "Beyond Russia, the vast majority of our imports come from reliable partners such as the US, Netherlands and the Gulf. "We'll work with them this year to secure further supplies. "The market has already begun to ostracise Russian oil, with nearly 70 per cent of it currently unable to find a buyer." The Government will also work with companies through a new Taskforce on Oil to help them find alternative supplies. The Kremlin's deputy PM Alexander Novak said on Monday a rejection of Russian oil would lead to "catastrophic consequences" for global markets and claimed oil could hit more than US$300 a barrel. Novak cited Germany's decision last month to halt the certification of Nord Stream Two, a secondary pipeline. He said: "We have every right to take a matching decision and impose an embargo on gas pumping through the Nord Stream One gas pipeline." Drivers suffered the steepest weekly hike in fuel prices in at least 18 years because of Russia's unprovoked attack. Motorists queued outside a Sainsbury's petrol station in Cambridge yesterday as they rushed to fill up cars and jerry cans before prices rose even further. There were also long lines at the pumps at a Tesco in Suffolk while images shared online showed queues at supermarket pumps in Lancashire. The average price of a litre of petrol at UK forecourts rose from 149.2p on February 28 to 153p on Monday, the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy said. Average diesel prices rose from 153.4p to 158.6p over the same period. The weekly increases of 3.8p for petrol and 5.2p for diesel are the largest on records dating back to June 2003. They mean the cost of filling up a typical 55-litre family car has increased by more than £2 in the past week. Steve Gooding, director of the RAC Foundation, said: "It looks like we all need to brace for forecourt prices to continue upward." Oil prices have spiked over concerns over the reliability of supplies amid the war in Ukraine. The price per barrel of Brent crude reached $139 on Monday, which was its highest in 14 years. Analysts say liquefied natural gas shipments diverted to Europe may not be enough to replace Russian supplies. And it is feared that a rise in oil and gas prices for the fuel Russia is still exporting will help fund Putin's regime - bringing a strong case for further sanctions and embargoes. Three in five people are willing to pay extra for energy if it undermine Moscow's deadly attack on its peaceful neighbour, a poll for the Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit has found. Just 24 per cent of people said they would be unwilling to pay the extra cost. Dr Simon Cran-McGreehin, head of analysis at the ECIU, said: "Britons are willing to chip in to get the UK off Russian gas and see net zero policies as the solution, which means expanding British renewables and insulating homes so they waste less energy. "More gas won't bring down the energy bills of those struggling to pay, but insulation can and does so permanently." RUSSIA is among the world's main oil producers, but other nations can supply the West. The US, one of the world's top crude producers, imports Russian oil, but it is not highly dependent for its supplies. Experts say Saudi Arabia, thought to be the largest crude exporter, and the United Arab Emirates, are the only two major producers able to step up spare production comparatively easily. Canada and China are also among the top five oil-producing nations. Eight per cent of overall imports to the UK are from Russia. Gas makes up four per cent of supplies. About half the UK's gas is from the North Sea and a third is sourced from Norway. The rest are liquefied natural gas imports transported to the UK from countries such as Gulf states, the Netherlands and the US. THE UK is too dependent on a volatile fossil fuel market, which is causing energy prices to soar while harming our planet. We are one of Europe's biggest users of natural gas: 85 per cent of our homes rely on it. The energy price crisis makes it clear that we need to reduce reliance on oil and gas. The Government should expand emergency measures that will help tackle rising energy bills in the short-term and also deliver home insulation upgrades, accelerated by a government-led home energy efficiency advice service. UK energy bills are nearly £2.5billion higher than they would have been if green policies such as energy efficiency subsidies and the zero-carbon homes standard had not been scrapped. Energy efficiency and renewables have already helped to keep electricity prices from soaring to the same extent. We can all take small steps to save money and energy on our bills - from turning devices off standby or reducing thermostats by one degree, to draught-proofing. There is a huge opportunity to reshape what energy security looks like in the UK, while delivering on our net zero goals and ensuring lower prices for consumers. The Government should seize it.