The Russian President ordered the invasion of Ukraine on February 24. It has prompted international condemnation and massive sanctions for Moscow. After nearly two weeks, the invasion has failed to topple Ukraine, with Kyiv claiming 12,000 Russian soldiers have now been killed. Now, Kremlin officials are privately decrying Putin’s “clusterf***” of an invasion, and are “in mourning” for the Russian economy. Farida Rustamova, a Russian journalist who was well-connected in government circles, said sources she spoke to before leaving never believed Putin would go to war. Her sources now are making “apocalyptic” forecasts about the ongoing invasion of Ukraine following international sanctions. When she was asked how Russian politicians reacted to the invasion, she quoted a source as saying “They're carefully enunciating the word clusterf***”. The Russian President ordered the invasion of Ukraine on February 24. It has prompted international condemnation and massive sanctions for Moscow. After nearly two weeks, the invasion has failed to topple Ukraine, with Kyiv claiming 12,000 Russian soldiers have now been killed. According to the MailOnline, Ms Rustamova’s source then said: “No one is rejoicing. “Many understand that this is a mistake, but in the course of doing their duty they come up with explanations in order to somehow come to terms with it.” The reports have emerged as the Ukraine defence ministry claimed a second Russian general has been killed. On Tuesday, the nation's intelligence service said Maj Gen Vitaly Gerasimov, chief of staff of the 41st Army, has been killed outside Kharkiv, to the east. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin’s forces scuppered by snow as -20C On Sunday, Putin warned measures designed to cripple Russia’s economy were “akin to an act of war”. He also said of Ukraine: “The current leadership needs to understand that, if they continue doing what they are doing, they risk the future of Ukrainian statehood. “If that happens they will have to be blamed for that.” It comes as Avril Haines, the US Director of National Intelligence, warned Putin could ramp up the conflict in Ukraine as international sanctions are “unlikely” to deter him. She told a House of Representatives hearing Putin is also unlikely to be discouraged by his troops’ failure to capture Kyiv. The expert added: “Our analysts assess that Putin is unlikely to be deterred by such setbacks and instead may escalate.” Russia’s attack on Kyiv has seen thousands of troops and hundreds of vehicles stuck on the roads to the north-west for several days. However, The Institute for the Study of War, a Washington-based think tank, concluded on Monday evening that Russian forces were now “concentrating in the eastern, north-western and western outskirts of Kyiv” in preparation for an “assault on the capital in the coming 24-96 hours”. Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky released a new video from his office in the capital city late on Monday night. He said in a video posted on Facebook: “I stay here, in Kyiv, on Bankova, not hiding. “And I am not afraid of anyone as long as needed to win this war, our national war.” Professor Michael Clarke told BBC Radio 4's Westminster Hour sending Russian soldiers to take Kyiv is “massively foolish”, and suggested it could become a “peak Putin” moment that leads eventually to his downfall. He said: “Every day the Ukrainian government is still up and running and standing is a political victory for them and a political defeat for Russia. “The Russians can occupy the country at a superficial level. But given that the Ukrainians now hate them - and you are talking about a big country, a physically big country of 45 million people - it is a sheer impossibility that the Russians can control Ukraine in the way that they thought likely or the way Putin thought likely. “It’s a completely impossible scenario Putin has set his military forces, it’s a huge strategic blunder, which incidentally has now become a political crisis in Russia … this is peak Putin. “After this Putin is finished.”