Overnight on Thursday Russian military forces attacked the Zaporizhzhya nuclear power plant in southeast Ukraine. The assault triggered condemnation from around the world, with Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky urging "immediate action" from global leaders. Mr Zelensky said the Russian attack on the Zaporizhzhya nuclear power plant could have caused destruction equal to "six Chernobyls". He began a televised address with: "People of Ukraine! We survived the night that could have stopped the course of history - history of Ukraine, history of Europe." He said Russia knew what it was doing when it aimed shells directly at the station and called it an act of "terror on an unheard-of level". Moving on to address the Russian people he said: "How is this even possible? Didn't we fight the consequences of the Chernobyl catastrophe together in 1986?" READ MORE: Putin humiliated as Finland defies Russia on NATO The Ukrainian President urged Russian’s to "take to the streets and tell your Government that you want to live". Mr Zelensky said he is in touch with world leaders, who he said were "shocked" by the developments around the plant. He has also called for a no-fly zone over Ukraine and sanctions against a "nuclear terrorist state". The 44-year-old added: "Radiation doesn't know where Russia is. Radiation doesn't know about the borders of your country."  Russian aerial strikes launched at the plant initially caused a fire to break out. Eventually, Ukrainian responders managed to extinguish the blaze after four hours. Ukraine’s State Emergency Services said there were no victims from the fire, which didn’t affect the reactor sites but a nearby five-storey training site. Authorities in the country have now confirmed that Russian forces have seized control of the plant. A statement released by Downing Street revealed that Prime Minister Boris Johnson had spoke with Mr Zelensky, on Friday morning, about the “gravely concerning” situation at Zaporizhzhia nuclear power station. DON'T MISS: Macron issues grim warning moments after Putin phone call [NEWS]Putin's ex-spokesman stuns Ferrari with 'breathtaking' prediction [WATCH]Hysterical Rejoiners MOCK Liz Truss after EU press conference ruined [EXPLAINED] The statement said: “Both leaders agreed that Russia must immediately cease its attack on the power station and allow unfettered access for emergency services to the plant. “The Prime Minister said the reckless actions of President Putin could now directly threaten the safety of all of Europe. “He said the UK would do everything it could to ensure the situation did not deteriorate further. “The Prime Minister said he would be seeking an emergency UN Security Council meeting in the coming hours, and that the UK would raise this issue immediately with Russia and close partners. “Both leaders agreed a ceasefire was crucial.”     During the start of Russia’s invasion its forces captured the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, after launching an attack on the facility. Ukraine branded it as a “totally pointless attack” with western fears escalating of a potential nuclear disaster. In 1986 the site suffered what is widely considered the worst nuclear disaster in world history.   