Top Boy takes viewers among the drug gangs that operate in the housing estates in east London. When the Netflix drama was last seen in 2019, Dushane Hill (played by Ashley Walters) was in charge, leading a successful operation without his lifelong friend Sully (Kane "Kano" Robinson) by his side. When series two begins, the two are still keeping their distance from one another and fellow rival Jamie Tovill (Micheal Ward) is behind bars. Dushane wanted to get rid of Jamie as he was causing trouble, trying to take over as the next top boy in east London. With the help of youngster Ats (Keiyon Cook), the friend of Jamie's brother Stefan (Araloyin Oshunremi), Dushane was able to plant drugs and guns in their flat. Jamie faced a lengthy stint behind bars because of this but Dushane blackmailed him into working alongside him by showing a clip of Ats planting the weapons. Using this, Dushane had the evidence to clear Jamie's name but it meant the youngster would have to work under his rival going forward - teeing up an intriguing working relationship in the new season. READ MORE: BBC's Charlie Stayt apologises as host forced to pull interview Top Boy season two premieres on Friday, March 18, on Netflix. The series is going to be made up of eight episodes in total, which will all be released in one go. So there will be no need to wait every week for new instalments to drop, allowing subscribers to binge-watch the drama whenever they please. What time Top Boy will be back though does depend on your geographical location. While shows come out on the streamer at the exact same moment, the time itself differs due to various time zones. Top Boy is a Netflix original series and as the streaming service's headquarters is based in California, shows are typically released there first. Therefore, Top Boy's latest season is going to be out just after midnight Pacific Daylight Time (PDT). If you live on the east coast in America, then the drama will be out at 3am EST (Eastern Standard Time). DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell father’s Rolex watch [EXPLAINER]Top Boy season 2 cast: Who is joining the cast? [CAST]Bridgerton’s Kate Sharma actress on 'scary' new role [UPDATE] But for UK fans, Top Boy season two will be released in full on Netflix at 8am GMT (Greenwich Mean Time). The rest of Europe runs roughly one hour after the UK, so subscribers living across the continent can expect the show to be dropped at around 9am or beyond. Each episode has a running time of about 50 minutes so fans could watch the entire series from March 18 and over the weekend if they wish. When Top Boy does return, there will be a few new faces welcomed to the cast. Whitstable Pearl actor Howard Charles will be introduced as Lauryn's (Saffron Hocking) abusive boyfriend Curtis. He will be joined by actress Ava Brennan as Curtis' overly protective sister who takes an instant dislike to Lauryn. Jaq (Jasmine Jobson) is going to find herself a new love interest in Becks, played by model Adwoa Aboah and Sully's niece Pebbles will be portrayed by BBC's Les Miserables star Erin Kellyman. Top Boy season 2 will premiere on Friday, March 18, on Netflix.