A Place In The Sun buyer Mia had sold up in London and planned to retire in the Spanish countryside near Alicante on Tuesday's instalment of the Channel 4 show. Mia's maximum budget was £180,000 and she wanted a traditional farmhouse she could call her forever home. As the search got underway, presenter Laura found herself comforting Mia who broke down in tears over one particular property, but did she decide to purchase it?  The first property they toured had three bedrooms as well as a large garden filled with olive trees. While Mia and her mother Valerie liked how quirky the rural house was, they were "not sure" about the size of the two smaller bedrooms. "This is nice, but it's not hitting my heart," Mia explained. "I'd say it is a very sensible and practical house though." Laura decided it was time to take her guests on a tour of the second property which she hoped would impress them.  READ MORE: Coronation Street icon Sally Metcalfe accidentally kills husband Tim? The second property was a four-bedroom house with the potential to put in a pool in the garden. "I like it looks perfect, I just want to go inside and have a look," an excited Mia said. After stepping inside, Mia explained the house was "a dream but not a reality" as it needed a lot of repair work carried out. The house was also above Mia's budget as it was on the market for £191,500 and she was concerned about how much extra money she would have to fork out to renovate it.  The third property had five bedrooms and was on the market for £194,000, but Laura hoped the owner would accept an offer of £175,000. An overwhelmed Mia said the spacious property, which was built around a cave, was ideal as she could picture herself and her dog living in together and started welling up. "You're getting quite emotional," Laura told Mia who was wiping the tears from her eyes. A tearful Mia replied: "I am, it's really weird, I like this. It just feels so like home." Laura comforted Mia by giving her a hug while she composed herself following the emotional moment. DON'T MISS...A Place In The Sun's Laura Hamilton sparks frenzy as she flashes legs [LATEST]A Place In The Sun's Laura Hamilton forced to drop part of show [UPDATE]Laura Hamilton grins with SAS Who Dares Wins star after split from ex [LATEST] The next house on their search was within Mia's budget, but her mother Valerie was not impressed by the exterior or the interior. After having a look around the downstairs of the property, Mia said the house had "no soul". They disapproved of the house so much that Valeria refused to take a tour of the upstairs. After a short viewing of the downstairs area, the mother and daughter met Laura outside, and Mia bluntly said: "It's not for me."  The final property was a detached house with six bedrooms and a swimming pool. It was on the market for £174,000. "It has a gorgeous garden and fantastic views, but it is just not for us," Mia told Laura before asking her if she could view the cave house once more. They viewed the cave house a second time and decided to put in an offer for £161,000 the following day with Laura. While the offer was declined, she put in a counteroffer for £165,000 which was soon accepted. Following the exciting news, Laura quipped: "I think you owe me a glass of Cava." A Place In The Sun continues weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.  