Arsenal might hold a healthy lead over Tottenham and Manchester United to finish fourth in the Premier League but Stan Collymore is so adamant the Gunners will "choke" that he's given himself a forfeit if he's proven wrong. Manchester City, Liverpool and Chelsea appear to have the top three positions in the Premier League sewn up with just one final Champions League spot up for grabs. Arsenal, Tottenham and United have each had their chances to move into fourth, but it is Mikel Arteta's side who are currently best placed to do so. They're three points clear of Tottenham with United a further point behind while Arsenal also have a game in hand on both teams. Apart from the 2-0 defeat to Liverpool earlier this month, Arsenal have been in terrific form winning six of their last seven games. United meanwhile have suffered a dip in form having won just three of their previous seven matches, although their last was a vital 3-2 victory over Spurs. Antonio Conte's side meanwhile have similarly been indifferent in recent weeks, picking up big wins over the likes of Manchester City and West Ham but also losing to teams such as Burnley and Southampton. With just 10 games remaining, it could well come down to the wire for a top-four spot. JUST IN: Arsenal scouts eyeing Valencia stars on international duty  And while Collymore concedes that Arsenal are in "pole position", he strongly believes that Arteta's team will miss out in the end - and he's promised to follow through on a forfeit if he's proven wrong. "Arsenal, this is it," Collymore said. "This is the run-in, this is where we get down to business, and it’s time now for Mikel Arteta and the boys to ram everything I’ve said about them again this season firmly back down my throat. "They’re in pole position, their youngsters are absolutely thriving and they’re playing quality, on-the-front-foot, attacking football. DON'T MISS  "But they have also been dross against the very best and let’s see what that means in the shake-up. "They still have some decent teams to play, they’re up against Tottenham and Manchester United for that fourth and final Champions League spot, and both of those other clubs will be quite happy for Arsenal to be talked about in column inches with everyone raving about how great they are. "I’m going for United or Spurs to pip them to the post, though, with Arsenal to choke in the run-in. "And if they can prove me wrong, I will quite happily wear an Arsenal shirt with “Arteta 8” on the back and post a picture of it on the last day of the season. So come on, Gunners, bring it on."