It was 40 years ago when Graceland was first opened to the public for tours. However, Elvis Presley’s home will not take fans upstairs to The King’s private area. This is out of respect for the star who died up there and whose inner sanctum was invite only, even for his Memphis Mafia. Upstairs at Graceland there’s Elvis’ bedroom, bathroom, dressing room, office and more. It has been his daughter Lisa Marie’s request that this private space is perfectly preserved just as her father left it in 1977. According to Graceland archivist Angie Marchese, his oversized bed is made and there are even things that he left out. It’s her job to maintain the area right down to the smallest details, even for some odd items. One of these is a styrofoam cup that Elvis left on a bookshelf before he died, so the room really does look like he just got up and left. His record player even has the last vinyl he played, which is a fresh recording of JD Sumner and the Stamps. The group would go on to sing at The King’s funeral on August 18, 1977, just two days after he died. Elvis’ bedroom and office also have piles of spiritual books and Bibles, reflecting The King’s religious interests and constant existential searching. As for decorations, Lisa Marie revealed to ITV’s Lorraine in 2018: “Oh it’s showy! It’s got a long shag carpet, black bed, red walls. Gold everything here and there.” She has a key to the upstairs and to this day says it makes her feel the safest out of anywhere in the world. Despite the space being off-limits to the public, some items from the mysterious upstairs have been brought down and put on display. This includes Lisa Marie’s childhood rocking chair from her bedroom, but also a possession of her father’s. DON'T MISSElvis Presley: The book King was reading when he died on the toilet [ELVIS DEATH]Elvis: Linda Thompson shares ‘beautiful’ snaps of ‘very special times’ [LINDA THOMPSON]Elvis ‘ate burgers constantly’: Hid weight gain with special jumpsuit [ELVIS FOOD] On display behind some glass in the trophy room is Elvis’ desk from his upstairs office. The piece of furniture was a gift to The King from his record company RCA for selling a million copies of the film soundtrack for 1961’s Blue Hawaii. The desk has a tiny TV fitted in and includes a radio system and 8-track tape deck that was installed at a later date. There’s also a statue of a dog that sits on top, while a larger one stands next to the desk on the floor.