There's a new iPhone SE on sale today, and one network is offering this shiny upgrade at half its usual price. Three Mobile has announced a deal that gives Apple fans the chance to pop this mid-range iPhone in their pockets for just £15 a month – that's a bit of a bargain! This deal includes unlimited calls, unlimited texts, and 1GB of monthly data. The half-price discount lasts for the first six months of the contract with bills rising to £30 a month for the remainder of the 24-month term. If 1GB of 5G data each month doesn't sound like enough for your digital needs, there is another offer that includes 4GB for £17 per month. Again, this discount lasts for six months with things then rising to £34 per month for the rest of your contract. SEE THE THREE DEAL HERE Or, if you want to see how the latest offer from Three Mobile compares to deals from EE, O2, Virgin Media, Sky and others, you can check our guide to the best deals on the new iPhone SE. As a quick reminder, Apple's third-generation iPhone SE features some pretty impressive upgrades, including the latest A15 Bionic processor - that's the same chip that comes packed inside the premium iPhone 13 and iPhone 13 Pro. This processor not only makes the SE more powerful but also helps to improve the camera thanks to some clever AI and brings some extra battery life to users as well. The other big change on this new iPhone is support for speedy 5G network technology, which allows owners to download files at speeds in excess of 300Mbps when away from fixed-line broadband. There's also wireless charging, toughened glass and it can survive a dip in the bath thanks to its water-resistant design. If you don't want to buy this device on a contract then the 64GB model starts from £419 with 128GB and 256GB versions also available. It comes in three colours including (PRODUCT)RED, Midnight, and Starlight. If you want to know more about the new iPhone SE before taking the plunge, Express.co.uk has been using this device since it was unveiled last week. You can read our full iPhone SE review here.