Strictly Come Dancing star Debbie McGee has opened up on her last days with magician husband Paul Daniels. In a new interview, the radio host, 63, spoke candidly for the first time about her final days with Paul, who heartbreakingly died in March 2016 aged 77 from an inoperable brain tumour. Debbie has now bravely opened up about the time she spent with her husband before his death from the tumour. Following the diagnosis, the dance star told how the illness "stripped Paul of everything" after he was initially told he had pernicious anemia in 2016. A treatable condition, the magician took a course of antibiotics and was assumed to recover soon. However, Debbie became concerned when Paul exhibited lethargic behavior, including getting up late in the morning and sitting around watching TV. READ MORE: Motsi Mabuse admits she fears Russia-Ukraine conflict is escalating Paul went to see a neurosurgeon and the couple were dealt the devastating news that he had a grade 4 brain tumour, which Debbie branded "highly aggressive". Despite "breaking down" at the news, Debbie arranged for Paul to return home and vowed to take care of him herself during the two months of prognosis he had been given by medical professionals. However, in the end the magician only lived for another month and five days while being looked after by devoted wife Debbie. The stage performer told how family and friends came to spend time with Paul and they enjoyed the good weather together by walking along the waterfront of their home. "We watched movies together and ate ice cream," Debbie told SWNS. "Paul was never able to talk about his diagnosis but he was a clever man and of course he knew he was dying. "He sat quietly with tears rolling down his face as we watched the wedding scene in The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel," she heartbreakingly added. Debbie explained how it was difficult to know how much Paul understood about his condition, but felt certain he knew that he wouldn't recover. DON'T MISS... Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby [INSIGHT]Ricky Gervais blasts crying celebs on BBC's Who Do You Think You Are? [ANALYSIS]Shirley Ballas slams dancers for 'promoting business' amid Ukraine war [UPDATE] However, she admitted that she never told him about the two month prognosis, saying it "didn't feel right". Tragically, she went on to tell how GP's would say every day that they doubted whether Paul would "be here tomorrow". "But Paul carried on and it was as if he was willing himself to stay alive," said Debbie. "It was just like him, whatever he was doing he always persevered. "He loved life too much to just give up," she continued. True to his character, Paul was cracking jokes with Debbie until two days before his death. After going to bed to get some rest, Debbie told how she was woken by a Macmillan nurse who "thought she should be with" her husband. Debbie devastatingly said: "I rushed to Paul's side, held his hand and told him that I loved him. He died about ten minutes later."