The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited a school that had been closed for two years due to the coronavirus pandemic, according to a royal expert. Writing on Twitter, Royal author Robert Jobson said the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge had introduced themselves to “every child” in the classroom they visited.  Mr Jobson added that William and Kate also discussed “how the children coped” during the closure of the school. He wrote: “The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge introduced themselves to every child in the classroom at a school in the Bahamas that was kept closed for two years due to the Covid-19 outbreak. “They discussed how the children coped.” The Duke and Duchess visited Sybil Strachan Primary School in the capital Nassau on Friday.   As well as dropping into a classroom they also joined pupils in a morning assembly. The assembly saw children from schools across the Bahamian islands dial in to meet the royal couple. Schools in the Bahamas were closed for nearly two years from March 2020 until January this year because of the coronavirus pandemic. In a speech during the assembly, the Duchess apologised for bringing the British weather with her (as it was raining) and acknowledged the hardship the school closure had caused the children. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Fresh wound' of Meghan claim sparks backlash  She said: “I hope you didn't get too wet coming here and apologies for bringing this British weather with us. “One of the hardest things I think we've all found about the pandemic was being separated from the people we love. “But we've also had the chance to rediscover how important our families are and how important our friends are too.” Later on Friday during their first full day in the Bahamas, William and Kate took to the waters off the islands to join a regatta in honour of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. DON'T MISS:  Jamaican MP who 'snubbed' Kate said ‘I have nothing but respect’ [REVEAL] Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's 'major misstep' split US fans [INSIGHT] Queen urged to strip Prince Harry of major role [SPOTLIGHT] The Cambridges also spent time with key workers and frontline staff in an informal gathering in the Garden of Remembrance in Nassau to hear about their experiences of the pandemic. On Friday evening, they attended a dinner hosted by the Governor General Sir Cornelius Smith featuring community leaders and local heroes and the Duke gave a speech. The eight day tour of Central America and the Caribbean which will finish on Saturday has been beset by controversy. In Belize, a major stop on the tour had to be cancelled because of a protest by villagers claiming they hadn’t been consulted about the royal couple’s visit. In Jamaica, the Cambridge’s were similarly confronted with protesters campaigning for the UK to pay repatriations for slavery. It was a debate that the Duke had to weigh into himself, where in a speech, he condemned the practice but stopped short of offering an apology. The royal couple were also surprised when Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness announced that his country was to become a republic during their visit. Although the Cambridge's visit to The Bahamas has generated less controversy so far, protesters demanding reparations for slavery did gather outside the Sybil Strachan Primary School as the royals arrived. 