Red Bull chief Christian Horner has lavished praise on his star driver Max Verstappen as he bids to retain his F1 world championship crown in 2022. The Dutchman kicks off his defence in Bahrain next Sunday and will be desperate to get the better of Mercedes rival Lewis Hamilton in the opening race of the campaign. Verstappen has for long been Red Bull's main man, and he finally delivered on the team's dream by landing his first world title last year - after overtaking Hamilton in a final lap shootout in Abu Dhabi to triumph. Now the Dutchman, who recently penned a new contract with Red Bull worth £40m-per-year until 2028, is the man to beat - and his task almost becomes more difficult with his rivals desperate to get their revenge. However, team principal Horner is confident the 24-year-old can go onto greater things and land more world titles. He even went as far as comparing his main man to Sebastian Vettel, who won four consecutive championships for Red Bull from 2010 to 2013. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton 'was very keen to join Red Bull' as Christian Horner admits snub backfired "We have huge confidence in Max," Horner said during an interview with the Daily Mail. "Otherwise, we would never have committed to that time scale. "To go to 2028 is almost unheard of in this sport, to commit to a driver for that period of time. He is a massive asset to us. He strongly believes in the team and it is down to us to provide him with the tools to get the job done. "At some point, Lewis will slow down or he'll stop and, of course, he is going to have a massive challenge with a very competitive young team-mate and hungry team-mate this year who is going to be one of the best drivers on the grid. George Russell is a phenomenal talent. "In Max, at 24, we have looked to lock down what we believe will be the purple patch of his career. DON'T MISSGeorge Russell agrees with Lewis Hamilton as Mercedes duo snap back at rivalsLewis Hamilton makes alarming admission as Mercedes driver shuts down Horner and SainzMercedes 'not bluffing' with Lewis Hamilton issues 'real' despite Red Bull accusations  "Having won this first world championship, it relieves an awful lot of pressure. That is in the bank now. It is on his CV. He will continue to grow now he has got that first one out of the way. We saw that with Sebastian Vettel." And Horner believes having notched his maiden world crown, it will give him an air of invincibility and the belief that he can continue to get the better of Hamilton. Verstappen denied Hamilton a record-breaking eighth world championship last term, which would have put him one clear of German icon Michael Schumacher. "The sense of achievement of beating this mighty machine of Mercedes with Lewis as a part of it, was huge. "The whole organisation gets used to winning and it's like a drug. It's addictive. Then it's the fear of failure. It ends up driving you because you want to experience that feeling again and again." There's not long to go now until the new season kicks off in Bahrain, and Horner will be desperate for his man and Red Bull to get off to the dream start as they also look to snatch the constructors championship away from arch rivals Mercedes.