Houseplants are designed to live outside in the ground, and in accordance with Mother Nature, if we decide to keep them inside, they need to be taken care of. Watering houseplants is crucial, but it is one of the most common ways to end up with an unhappy plant. Both too much water and too little water can harm the plant. RHS horticulturist Alex Young shared some handy tips to make sure your houseplants are getting the optimum amount of water. He also revealed the “warning signs” to look out for if you’ve over or underwatered your plant. Alex explained: “Different houseplants have different watering needs. “For example, foliage houseplants require regular watering keeping the soil moist but not wet, plants like cacti and succulents are more desert types where water is sparse, so as you can imagine a lot less water is needed. “So there are actually a few different ways you can water your plants.” He said: “The first and most common way of watering is using a watering can. READ MORE: Monty Don shares the ‘one rule’ to follow when pruning the garden “So when we water, we make sure that we water the soil and not the leaves. “Make sure you get water on every part of the soil, turning your plant if need be. “One of the downsides to watering through the top of your soil, is that in the pot you can have small pockets of dry soil where as the water penetrates through the top, it will slip through and drip out the bottom. “So another way is to fill up a drip tray and allow your plant to soak up the water, through the holes in the nursery pot, until it has enough. DON'T MISS...Weight loss: Burn 1.5lbs of belly fat a week - easy treadmill workout [GUIDE]Diana wears earrings from Charles ‘but she didn’t like emeralds’ [PICTURES]Orchid care: Secret to a flowering orchid - use old fish tank water [EXPERT] “You want to be careful how long you leave your plant sat in the tray of water, because the last thing you want is for the soil to become waterlogged and the roots to rot away,” the expert commented. “And lastly, one of the best ways to make sure your pots are fully watered and well saturated, is to submerge your whole pot under water. “Put your fingers on the top to stop any soil from leaking out…and hold it in there until the bubbles stop.” He went onto reveal “some warning signs that your plant hasn’t had enough water” and the “danger signs of too much water”. Alex concluded with: “In the active growing season from spring until the end of summer, that’s when your plants will need a lot more water, more regularly, as opposed to winter which is the resting period. “You should allow your plants to dry out - nearly all the way - to compensate for temperature change. “With plants like cacti and succulents, in the growing season, I personally would water mine every 10-14 days. “Whereas in the resting period between autumn and winter, I would probably only water them once a month.”