Spring has arrived, offering ample opportunity for flowers and plants to bloom in your garden. But alongside beautiful blooms, there is also the increased risk of weeds popping up. Though you might expect them on your lawn, weeds can also creep up on driveways and between patio slabs. Weeds on hard surfaces can give an unkempt appearance, no matter how often you try to tackle them. Sometimes, pulling them out simply isn’t enough. Luckily, there are ways you can create your own weed killer using simple items you likely have tucked away in a cupboard at home. READ MORE: How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients In a Reddit forum, a user shared his father’s “weed killer recipe” which he says can work its magic in “only 24 hours”. The user noted that it is “much cheaper” than name brand weed killer products, and “isn’t harmful to critters”. All you need is a gallon of vinegar, one cup of salt and two tablespoons of liquid dish soap. Simply mix the products together and add them to a spray bottle. DON'T MISSGarden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants [COMMENT]‘Well maintained’ garden can increase house price by £15k [INSIGHT]Why do I need to take my meter reading today? The best time to submit [EXPLAINER] Then, spritz onto the affected areas and leave to soak. The high percentage of acetic acid in vinegar works to dehydrate the weed, which dries it up. For best results, use vinegar with a high acetic acid percentage, somewhere between 10 and 20 percent is usually best. Similarly, salt also works to dehydrate the plants and disrupt the internal water balance of the plant’s cells. Since it is water-soluble, it is most effective when mixed with a liquid and applied. This makes it easier for the weeds to absorb. Dish soap works as a binder, helloing the vinegar and salt to stick to the plant’s leaves. Under this combination, eventually, the weed will die. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Unlike many shop-bought products, however, the homemade weed killer uses mostly organic ingredients - aside from the dish soap - and is a safer option for garden wildlife. However, as one Reddit user pointed out, this solution is not necessarily a good idea for green areas. Although the homemade weed killer works well on paved areas, it can destroy the ground in areas where you may want other plants or flowers to bloom.