Virgo is the sixth sign of the zodiac. Astrology dictates that each zodiac sign has unique personality traits and different ways of navigating love and romance. Those looking to date a Virgo, or those already in love with one, need never worry about their partners being superficial or looking for a fling. “Virgo loves hard, and is always in pursuit of star love the kind where souls, minds, and bodies seamlessly merge.” For this reason, Virgo gets the “unfair reputation” of being “too picky”, because they refuse to date for the sake of it. Virgo does not enjoy meaningless encounters and wants any romantic prospects to light their soul on fire. READ MORE: Kate and William will 'be playing by Meghan's rules' in the US They know “exactly what they are looking for”, and aren’t afraid to wait patiently for it. However, despite wanting a deep and soulful connection, Virgo can still be “cagey” with romantic partners. “That's because this sign is innately wired to protect their hearts,” explained horoscope.com. If you’re dating a Virgo and feel like you’re constantly being tested and analysed, don’t second guess it – you probably are. DON'T MISS Horoscope.com said: “Virgo is watching his or her potential partner's every move. “They want to make sure that this person will live up to the ideal image that they're crafting in their mind, and a wrong move (like being rude to a waiter) will cause Virgo to cross this candidate off the list.” But do not despair, as when Virgo does let someone in and “gives their heart” to them, they give “everything”. Aware of their own worth, they will expect reciprocal time, effort and consideration. Zodiac signs who are most likely to make the cut when Virgo is selecting romantic partners are Taurus, Cancer, and Capricorn. “Two earth signs, Taurus and Virgo innately get each other, and they believe that drama takes away from the partnership. As for Cancer, these signs are “nearly psychically intertwined, and their physical connection is pretty out of this world”. Lastly, “practical Capricorns and grounded Virgos agree on so much in life they have a plan, they pursue excellence, and they're happy to avoid drama however possible”. One thing Virgo tends to stay away from (or at least tries to) is drama – so while they enjoy a fellow mellow sign, they could also use someone to help bring them out of their shell for some excitement. Virgo makes an incredible romantic partner because they are “truly” selfless, intrinsically believing that when it comes to love, "what's mine is yours”. “Because Virgos believe in lifelong love, a breakup or betrayal can be particularly devastating.” Taking Virgo on a date? Think “good food, good wine, and plenty of conversation”.