The West Ham owners have been told how they can convince Declan Rice to stay at the club long term. Rice is being linked with a mega-money move away from the Hammers, with Manchester United long-term admirers of the England international. The midfielder has rejected offers of a new contract at the London Stadium. His current deal expires in 2024 and West Ham are keen to tie him down. The east London club currently sit sixth in the Premier League table and still harbour hopes of qualifying for the Champions League. They are in the last-16 of the Europa League, where they face Sevilla at home this evening trailing 1-0 from the first leg. Former Hammers winger Trevor Sinclair has spoken out on the future of Rice ahead of the match. Sinclair says there are two ways the club can ensure Rice stays for the long term. READ MORE: Ian Wright in foul-mouthed Marcus Rashford rant after Man Utd star's statement  Firstly, manager David Moyes must be backed in the transfer market. Secondly, Sinclair says his old side must continue to compete in European competition. Sinclair told talkSPORT: "One million per cent [Moyes must be backed in the transfer market]. Because you've obviously got the basis... "Listen, if you want any chance of keeping Declan Rice at West Ham United Football Club, one - you've got to be in Europe at least. Champions League would be a huge help. DON'T MISSAlan Shearer and six other pundits left humiliated as Chelsea predictions emerge [QUOTES]Gary Neville sends strong message to UK Government over Chelsea 'going bust' [PODCAST]Gareth Southgate announces latest England squad as Marcus Rashford ruthlessly axed [NEWS]  "But also you've got to invest and show Declan Rice that West Ham are very, very serious about staying in that position and have got the same ambition that you have." Chelsea have also been linked with a move for Rice but the sanctions imposed on owner Roman Abramovich makes a deal seem unlikely this summer. Former Arsenal star Paul Merson claimed in February that he expects Rice to leave at the end of this season, with United his likely destination. "I think Declan Rice will be gone this summer," Merson told Sky Sports. "I think it will be Man Utd, if you're Man Utd you've got to break the bank.  "If you look at their midfield it is not strong enough, they don't dominate football matches and for me, they have to go and get him. I think he is the best in the business, he has improved immensely, he has taken his game up not one or two, I think he has taken it up ten-fold. "From a holding midfield player, he is bombing forward, scoring goals, getting chances, and making goals. I can't talk highly enough of the lad, I think he's been absolutely phenomenal. "But you look at Man Utd and the midfield isn't strong enough to win anything really."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here