Unemployment tended to rise higher than predictions, productivity would lag further behind, growth would be lower than hoped, and investment often dried up as terrible industrial relations scared away those looking for new projects. Britain was dubbed the economic “sick man of Europe”.  While challenging times have returned – with the fallout from Putin’s war on Ukraine adding to the post-Covid cost-of-living crisis – we should also acknowledge some good news. The UK economy has become quite remarkably resilient in the face of adversity and in fact has turned into a jobs-generating phenomenon envied by many of our competitors. During the pandemic, unemployment got nowhere near the levels forecast at the outset and right now job vacancies are at a 20-year high of 1.3million. Figures released this week show output has again bounced back remarkably from a Covid wave. This time, Omicron failed to do the lasting damage many economists feared. In January alone, the UK economy grew by a remarkable 0.8 percent, compared with the 0.1 percent expected. Much of the credit must go to the Government’s decision to resist calls by opposition parties for tougher social distancing restrictions in mid-December. Chancellor Rishi Sunak was at the forefront of ministers who wisely held their nerve against criticism from the likes of Labour’s Wes Streeting for not going beyond the relatively mild “Plan B” regime. And in England, even those restrictions were scrapped before the end of January. The extra growth that has ensued is worth around £15billion, with another £6billion or so in extra tax revenue likely to flow into Treasury coffers. As a result, the UK economy is larger than it has ever been – almost one percent bigger thanit was at the start of 2020, when Covid descended out of the proverbial clear blue sky.   When he presents his spring statement on March 23, let us hope Mr Sunak hammers home the point that had he followed Labour advice, the economy would be in much worse shape. But he needs to do much more than that. Mr Sunak should exploit this newfound economic resilience to adjust the pace of his plans to repair public finances given the severity of the living standards squeeze faced by millions. Nobody should run away with the idea the Chancellor is exactly flush – the extra spending on Covid and some severe short-term contractions in sectors such as hospitality did a lot of damage to the books – but it would be obtuse not to recognise that the capabilities of the economic engine he finds himself driving do allow him to be more ambitious in getting us all through the energy price shock. As he admitted yesterday, the economy is in a “strong position to deal with current cost of living challenges”. While he will be loath to call off a planned rise in national insurance designed to raise funds for the NHS and the embattled social care sector, the case for postponing it for at least a year has only got stronger in recent weeks. There is also growing talk in Westminster about Mr Sunak being able to go further than he has done so far on cushioning the very steep impending rises in gas and electricity bills. More targeted help for those on low incomes, as well as further support for middleearners who will also find the extent of the price rises a severe stretch, are both required.  A chancellor who recognised the responsibility of the state to step in to prevent a downward spiral taking hold during Covid, should again be ambitious about what can be achieved. Given the scale of what is coming down the track on energy prices, his ingenious scheme to in effect loan households £200 each to soften the blow, while clawing it back over the following five years, looks like tinkering at the edges. How much wriggle room the Chancellor has will largely depend on the latest forecasts of the independent Office for Budget Responsibility. But it already looks likely that borrowing for the current financial year will come in about £20billion less than expected and faster growth should further improve the outlook. It is understandable that after such a turbulent period, Mr Sunak should wish to get cracking on restoring public finances. But post-Covid supply chain problems and war in Ukraine together constitute another massive shock to the system. Keeping faith in the ability of the UK economy to deliver growth seems like an altogether wiser approach. 