In common with other EU countries in central and eastern Europe, Hungary’s conservative, traditionalist and religious social norms are often at odds with those of western European EU states. Despite previous talk of a setback, as the election looms polling for Orbán’s Fidesz party and its partner, the Christian Democratic People’s Party (KDNP), remains strong. Recent polling gives Fidesz-KDNP a comfortable lead over the United for Hungary opposition, led by Péter Márki-Zay. This, despite ongoing disputes withBrussels and threats to withhold EU funds. As reported by Reuters, Fidesz had a two percent lead over the opposition in a survey conducted by Zavecz Research between 23rd and 25th March. Other polling suggests Orbán may win but without a supermajority. Still, it looks like the opposition – often beset by infighting – is unlikely to defeat him this time around. A victory for Orbán would send a message to Brussels that, despite events in Ukraine – and any association certain critics of the Prime Minister have madebetween him and Vladimir Putin – as well as apparent discrediting of ‘populist’ leaders, voters in central and eastern Europe still support the type of politics espoused by Fidesz and its partners. Indeed, polling for the next election in Poland (not scheduled until 2023) continues to put the ruling United Right alliance – dominated by the Law and Justice Party – way head of the opposition Civic Coalition, suggesting that support for Orbán is not merely a fluke but part of a continued regional trend. This all contrasts strongly with France, where centrist President Emmanuel Macron remains on course for victory in next month’s French election. Despite challenges on both the left and the right, most crucially from Marine Le Pen, Macron looks set to cruise to victory in April. Should Macron and Orbán – two towering political figures within the EU – win in their respective elections, it would suggest the cultural Iron Curtain which continues to divide the EU has not gone anywhere, despite talk of ostensible European unity in the face of Russian aggression. Although splits have emerged between Hungary and Poland regarding the situation in Ukraine (Poland takes a tougher stance towards Russia than Hungary), ultimately more unites Hungary and Poland – as well as regional allies like the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Slovenia – than divides them. This represents a headache for Brussels who hoped that liberalism would be in the ascendancy after the invasion. The European Parliament hardly helped matters of course when it passed a resolution in early March calling on Brussels to take steps to block EU funds for Hungary and Poland. This, despite the fact both countries have taken in an unprecedented number of Ukrainian refugees. Although Brussels appeared to soften its stance after thethe resolution, the damage was done, with the continued perception of hostility by Brussels against central and eastern Europe. As Orbán heads into next month’s election as the favourite to lead Hungary, with Macron near-certain to remain, President of France, two competing visions of Europe and the EU are likely to remain juxtaposed: one leaning towards nationalism and sovereignty, the other towards liberalism and federalism. Bridging this gap remains an almost impossible task. Of course, things could well change over the next days and weeks – especially with the conflict in eastern Europe still raging – but the stage looks set for both sides in the EU’s culture war to dig their heels in and play the long game.