The Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC), a group of 15 UK charities, thanked the monarch for her support in a Twitter post. It said: "Many thanks to Her Majesty The Queen for continuing to support the Disasters Emergency Committee and for making a generous donation to the DEC Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal." The palace has declined to disclose the amount given by the monarch. The DEC launched its fundraising appeal on Thursday to provide emergency relief to those affected by Russia's invasion of Ukraine launched by Vladimir Putin a week ago. The DEC fundraising appeal aims to raise funds, which will be distributed to charities responding on the ground in Ukraine, Moldova, Romania, Hungary, Slovakia and Poland, giving people food, water and shelter. Chief executive of DEC Saleh Saeed said it was "absolutely grateful for every single pound" donated, adding: "The more money we raise, the more people that we can reach."  Every pound donated by the British public will be matched by the Government through its Aid Match scheme up to the value of £20 million, Prime Minister Boris Johnson has said. The announcement of the donation comes after the deputy director general of the Ukrainian Red Cross Society described how Kyiv is facing such heavy shelling air raid sirens are being played every 15 minutes. Speaking at a press conference over Zoom held by the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) while hiding in her house, Olena Stokoz said: "Very heavy shelling is taking place every second... three kilometres from me. "A couple of minutes ago we had a missile hitting civil houses, which is why I'm a bit scared. READ MORE: Royal fans back Camilla after tearful Ukraine outing  "The situation is very dangerous here and in all parts of Ukraine. "The most difficult areas, the hottest spots, in Ukraine are in the east, the north, the south and of course in Kyiv. "We have missile attacks on civilians everywhere and many people have to stay in underprepared shelters almost 24 hours a day as we have air raid sirens every 15 minutes. "People have to stay there without electricity, food, water, medicine, war clothes and other facilities. "Other groups of people are trying to leave their homes and migrate either to safer places inside Ukraine or outside Ukraine." DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Kate’s major transformation exposed with Duchess [LIVE BLOG]Sophie Wessex melts hearts as she bonds with dogs during key visit [PICTURES]'World's most influential woman' Online searches soar for Queen [INSIGHT] The Queen's donation is the latest show of support for Ukraine by members of the Royal Family. Camilla was emotional on Wednesday as she and Prince Charles visited the Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral in London. The Prince of Wales said during the visit: "I must say my wife and I have been deeply moved by everything we've heard today during our visit and above all by the extraordinary bravery, generosity and fortitude of the Ukrainian community in the face of such truly terrible aggression."  On Sunday, Prince William and Kate expressed their solidarity with Ukraine in a Twitter post. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge wrote: "In October 2020 we had the privilege to meet President Zelensky and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine's future. "Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine's people as they bravely fight for that future W & C." In October 2020, William and Kate welcomed Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky and his wife Olena to Buckingham Palace for an audience on behalf of the Queen. Mr Zelensky on Tuesday thanked the Cambridges for their message. He tweeted: "Olena and I are grateful to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge that at this crucial time, when Ukraine is courageously opposing Russia's invasion, they stand by our country and support our brave citizens. Good will triumph." To donate towards the DEC's appeal click here.