For many, hair is the difference between a good day or a bad day. It is a huge part of one’s identity and a way for people to express themselves. Members of the Royal Family, including Kate Middleton, is no different. The Duchess of Cambridge has wavy, brown locks with a middle parting. But one thing stands out the most about her hair: it has always been long. Kate’s hair has rarely changed in style since she joined the Royal Family in 2011. Now 40, the Duchess’ hair is still very long, unlike the hair of many women her age. As women grow older, many decide to cut their hair shorter to better and more easily take care of it. Neil Capstick, founder of Neäl & Wølf professional haircare, spoke to Express.co.uk about why Kate has decided not to change or (barely) cut her hair in the last decade. He explained that it is most likely due to royal tradition. “Patterns within the Royal Family indicate why Kate may have developed her signature look,” Neil said.  “If you look at members of the Royal Family, you’ll see that their style rarely changes. “This is likely due to public appearances and the need to have a certain characteristic you are easily identified or known by. “For example, Queen Elizabeth has had the same short and curly style since she was a young lady. “Princess Diana is another really good example of this, as her signature look only changed after her divorce to Charles.” Princess Diana had a feathered fringe and bob cut to her shoulders while she was married to Charles. But, later, the late Princess had her hair cut to a much sharper fringe and it was shorter, resting on the back of her neck. Neil continued: “Kate’s hair has been idolised and praised for many years. “Her long, bouncy style has almost become her trademark – much in the same way Diana was idolised for her feathery, natural looking short hair which was dubbed ‘the Diana’. “Although Kate has changed her hair from time to time, sometimes opting for a shoulder length ‘lob’, the change is usually minimal, and she seems to always go back to her long locks.” Neil claimed that Kate may “slowly start to shorten her length opting for something lower maintenance”, but he doesn’t think there should be a correlation between hair length and age. He said: “With regards to age, I don’t believe hair or style in general should be dictated by it. “Style is subjective and people of all ages should feel empowered to wear their hair how they feel most confident.” As for the rich mahogany colour of Kate’s hair – which is at times lighter underneath and at the ends, Neil noted that it is dyed. “Although Kate’s style is beautifully natural looking, it does appear that she colours her hair,” the professional said. “Over the years she’s bounced between her usual rich chocolate colour and a lighter ‘honey’ tone. “Turning grey doesn’t strike us as something she will have to worry about with a team of stylists on hand to keep her colour looking as rich and youthful as ever.”