There is a key combination of symptoms to watch out for when it comes to bowel cancer. According to the NHS, they affect "more than 90 percent" of people who have the condition. The symptoms can be "subtle", especially as you may not feel ill when you experience them, but if you notice the following combination, a doctor check-up can be helpful. One of the symptoms of bowel cancer is "a persistent change in bowel habit". This may include releasing yourself more often, in terms of faeces, with poo being "looser" and "runnier", sometimes alongside tummy pain. When this symptom is accompanied by blood in the faeces, it could be a warning sign. As haemorrhoids can cause blood to pool in the toilet bowl, you would want to determine whether you do have haemorrhoids or not. Haemorrhoids (otherwise known as piles) are "lumps inside and around your bottom (anus)". READ MORE: Prostate cancer symptoms – The 'first symptom' that the tumour has spread to the bones As such, if you are suffering from bouts of constipation, it is less likely to be bowel cancer. Constipation can be caused by not eating enough fibre, not drinking enough fluids, or not moving around enough. Should you experience a persistent change in bowel habits (that is runnier, looser stools), or blood in your faeces (that is not attributed to piles), beware of the following sign. Any abdominal pain, discomfort or bloating that is "always brought on by eating" could be a sign of bowel cancer. If you experience a change in bowel habits, blood in stools, or stomach aches after eating for three weeks or more, book a doctor's appointment. Remember, the sooner bowel cancer is diagnosed, the better the chances of a full recovery. It is not spoken about enough, but a cancer diagnosis can trigger a range of emotions. From shock, anxiety, relief, sadness, and fear, whatever feelings arise – or don't arise – is completely normal. Delving into the emotional side of a cancer diagnosis, Macmillan Cancer Support emphasised: "There is no right or wrong way to feel." The informative charity continued: "You will cope with things in your own way." Any feelings of stress brought on by a cancer diagnosis – alongside treatments – can also cause other physical symptoms. These might include: changes in appetite, loss of interest in sex, sleep problems, fatigue, and pain.