Former F1 star David Coulthard thinks Max Verstappen will remain humble despite the 24-year-old recently extending his contract with Red Bull. The Dutchman has penned an extension with Christian Horner’s team that will run until 2028. And that move means he’s now joint-top with Lewis Hamilton when it comes to the sport’s biggest salaries. It emerged earlier in the week that Verstappen had penned a new deal with Red Bull. And Horner’s team then officially confirmed the news on Thursday, with the Red Bull chief saying: "To have Max signed with Oracle Red Bull Racing through to the end of 2028 is a real statement of intent. "Our immediate focus is on retaining Max’s world championship title, but this deal also shows he is a part of the team’s long-term planning. "With the Red Bull Powertrains division working towards the new engine regulations for 2026 we wanted to make sure we had the best driver on the grid secured for that car." Verstappen will earn £40million a year with Red Bull now. That puts him on pay parity with Hamilton, whose Mercedes contract is due to expire in 2023. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And Coulthard, speaking in a newly-released documentary by Viaplay, believes the 24-year-old will remain humble despite boosting his pay packet. “If you run into him on the street, he’s just an ordinary guy. That’s how he talks to you,” he said. “He does not speak down like I am World Champion and multimillionaire. “We have lived in that world for a long time and know all too well that fame and fortune can change people. “I don’t think he’s going to change that he’s so open to interacting with other people. “He really doesn’t lose that.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Coulthard also thinks Verstappen is more than capable of challenging Hamilton for F1 glory again this term, having won the title last time out. “I knew he would either crash and become World Champion, or catch up and become World Champion. So yes,” he said when asked if the Red Bull star was a worthy champion. “But I didn’t expect him to make his overtake so early. “That just showed his fighting spirit. As soon as there’s a gap, even if it’s not really a gap, he goes for it. “That makes him a worthy champion in my eyes. “He managed to get inside Lewis’ head and Lewis knew he had to leave room. “No other driver has that effect on Lewis. “Lewis is a fantastic driver and deserved to win that race, but I also think Max deserved the title because of his fighting spirit.” After extending his deal, Verstappen admitted he was targeting more F1 success as the new season creeps closer. The first race of the calendar is due to commence in Bahrain on March 20. And Verstappen said: "I really enjoy being part of the Oracle Red Bull Racing Team, so choosing to stay to the 2028 season was an easy decision. "I love this team and last year was simply incredible. “Our goal since we came together in 2016 was to win the championship and we have done that, so now it’s about keeping the number one on the car long-term." Verstappen will have to be at his very best to win in Bahrain, however. Hamilton has dominated there in recent years and Sebastian Vettel was the last man to better him in the Middle East four years ago.