Aldi’s Specialbuys are usually available to buy online and in store every Thursday and Sunday, at around 8am. Some Specialbuys are online only – or were, until now. One of these is Aldi’s best-selling hanging egg chair. Aldi’s hanging egg chair has made headlines in recent months for selling out in a matter of hours. Customers often compete against each other online to get their hands on the coveted item. The egg chair can be placed indoors or outdoors, in the conservatory or on the patio. The chair itself is wicker and hangs from a metal frame. According to Aldi, it is “the ideal way to relax in stylish comfort”. The egg chair went on sale earlier this year in February, but again sold out quickly. It will be back in stock again this week, on Thursday, March 3. However, unlike previous relaunches, this time the egg will be available to buy in stores.  Usually, customers can only buy the egg chair online and they often have to wait in an online queue before purchasing. But even after waiting for hours, many shoppers have previously missed out on the chair. Costing £189.99, the chair will be available in stores from Thursday, but also online on the same day. Shoppers will be given the chance to purchase the item from 8am onwards. With sell-out items, Aldi has previously warned “shoppers need to be quick as with all Specialbuys, once they’re gone, they’re gone”. The chair is weather-resistant and features a powder-coated frame – which is engineered to be very stable and take a load of up to 100kg. The cushions are dark grey and sit inside a natural rattan egg shape chair. For extra protection against the elements, customers can choose to buy the Hanging Egg Chair with Cover for £199.99. Last year, since it has always been so popular, customers were only allowed to order one chair per person. Aldi’s website stated: “Orders are restricted to one per person for this product and you will not be able to add more than one unit to your basket. “Any attempts to place multiple separate orders for this product will be cancelled and may result in pending charges.” The chair has a three-year guarantee. There is also a strap that helps to keep the chair safely in place while getting in and out of the chair. It also reduces the chance of swinging, bouncing, jumping or twisting.