Tessa Chapman, 5 News’ Chief Correspondent, reported from Kyiv as thousands of people fled. As the crew approached the border at Korczowa, the true horror of the humanitarian crisis unfolding became clear. Tessa heard from an 80-year-old who was waiting for her family in Poland to pick her up. The confused woman explained: "My feet are freezing. I’ve lost consciousness twice." She added: "I hope my family come and pick me up soon." Thousands of refugees, many of them children, were standing in the freezing cold, and several were carrying babies. Two children, one aged six and one aged 14, waited with their mother after saying goodbye to their dad. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump When asked if she supported his decision to return to fight, the woman tearfully replied: "It wasn’t his decision, he wasn’t allowed to come with us." Tessa explained how another woman had become separated from her two children - a four-year-old boy and a six-year-old girl when they went across the border without her. The news correspondent recalled: "It struck me how calm she was. "Like most parents, I’ve briefly mislaid a child in a shop, but I can’t imagine not knowing where they are for any length of time. "She was now in a nightmare situation where she would rather her children were across the border on their own than be in this hell." Crossing into Poland, Tessa explained how warm the welcome was. She detailed the blankets, food and soldiers helping with bags. The journalist based one woman who she felt about making it over the border, to which she replied: "Help. Help us." DON'T MISS... Finn Cole age: How old is the Peaky Blinders actor? [LATEST]Tipping Point fans gobsmacked at players' 'historic' victory [VIDEO]EastEnders cancelled: BBC soap taken off air in shake-up [REACTION] It comes as the Russian invasion of Ukraine continues. UN Refugee Agency chief Filippo Grandi has said nearly 680,000 people have fled Ukraine since the Russian military invasion on February 24. Taking to Twitter on Tuesday, he explained: "The number of people who have fled Ukraine to neighbouring countries has reached 677,000. "The @UN humanitarian agencies and their NGO partners have launched an appeal to donors for $1.7 billion to support affected people inside Ukraine, and refugees from Ukraine in the region." Meanwhile, terrifying satellite imagery has exposed a 17-mile long convoy of Russian reinforcements outside of Kyiv. It shows Russian ground forces continuing to move closer to Ukraine's capital with a military convoy that stretched over 17 miles (27 km), a private US company said. Maxar Technologies Inc said the convoy on the eastern edge of Antonov airport contained hundreds of armoured vehicles, tanks, towed artillery and logistics support vehicles which had continued to move south towards Kyiv. 5 News airs weekdays at 5pm on Channel 5.