Peaky Blinders is airing its sixth and final season on BBC One every Sunday night building up to the grand finale where fans will say goodbye to gangster Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) and the rest of the Shelby clan, for good. The period drama is now at its halfway point with just another three instalments left to air following episode three on Sunday, March 13. Here's everything you need to know about the guest stars in Peaky Blinders season six, episode three. Fans have been eagerly waiting to see actor Stephen Graham join the cast of Peaky Blinders and now the time has arrived. It was revealed last year the Liverpudlian actor would be starring in the sixth series of the period drama with no details on who he will play. There has been plenty of speculation, with some even thinking he would be reprising the role of Al Capone which he took on in the drama Boardwalk Empire. The creators have now finally announced who Graham is going to portray. READ MORE: Emmerdale fury for Meena Jutla as parents arrive in court? Graham is going to be Hayden Stagg, a Liverpool docks worker who has been pictured squaring up to Arthur Shelby (Paul Anderson). In a clip, Graham is seen saying: "I hear there are some men here from Birmingham looking for me." But why would Tommy and his family travel to Liverpool to speak to Hayden? Actor Graham has starred in a plethora of dramas from Boardwalk Empire and BBC's Line of Duty, to Boiling Point and Snatch. He was also in the critically-acclaimed film and follow-up series This is England. Esmee Shelby hasn't been in Peaky Blinders since the end of season four. She left the Shelby clan behind following the death of her husband John Shelby (Joe Cole) but will be back for the final episodes of the drama. Besides from Peaky Blinders, Ffion Edwards has been in War of the Worlds, 101 Dalmation Street, Keeping Faith, Curfew, Skins and Luther. But why has Esme decided to return after all of these years? DON'T MISS...The Royle Family: Where are the cast now? [CAST]Emmerdale rocked by triple exit as villagers hit with tragic news? [EXIT]Peaky Blinders season 6: Arthur Shelby's heartbreaking fate sealed? [THEORY] Dougie Bill - Jack Parr  New character Dougie Bill will be welcomed into the Peaky Blinders fold in episode three. As of yet, there has been no information come out on exactly who he is but he will return for another two instalments after episode three. He is portrayed by actor and producer Jack Parr who has been in Beneath the Shadows, Wretched Things, Bone Breaker, The Modern Way and All Those Things. Parr is currently filming Apple TV's Band of Brothers sequel where he will play Sgt. James Mack.  Also joining the cast for episode three is actor Stefan Healy as newcomer Gilly Ray. Healy is very new to the acting world with just a few credits to his name. So far, he has had a minor role in the movie The Newspaper, The Take Down and series The Coroner. The next project he is working on is a short called We Move: The Resilience of Youth. Other cast members joining for episode three are: Joe Ray - Ciaran Clancy Dorothy Cox - Elexi Walker Gypsy - Daniel Boyarsky Ruby's Doctor - Gary Bates Peaky Blinders continues every Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.