Kai Havertz grabbed a late winner as Chelsea emerged victorious on a frustrating afternoon against Newcastle at Stamford Bridge. The German, who was lucky not to receive his marching orders in the first-half, clinically claimed all three points as the Blues ended a turblent week with a win. Thomas Tuchel's side struggled to break Newcastle down in the first half and were lucky not to be both a goal and a man down come the interval. Dan Burn flashed a header wide for the visitors shortly after the half hour mark before Havertz was fortunate not to see red for an elbow on the Newcastle centre-back. Miguel Almiron then saw a spectacular effort saved moments before half-time as the Magpies stifled a Chelsea side set up in tweaked 4-3-3 formation due to injuries. Havertz then squandered a great chance for the Blues' with less than 15 minutes remaining, before collecting Jorignho's floated pass and tucking home to send Stamford Bridge into raptures. Express Sport explores five things we learned from a cagey encounter at Stamford Bridge.  When the two side met back at St. James' Park in late October, Chelsea cruised to a 3-0 win. Reece James struck a sublime double that day before Jorginho scored from the penalty spot to send Chelsea three points clear atop the Premier League and doom Newcastle to a relegation dogfight. How times have changed. Under Howe, Newcastle look rejuvenated and were on a run of nine games unbeaten heading into Sunday. The Magpies look well-drilled at Stamford Bridge and were unlucky not to go in to the break in front after Dan Burn flashed a header wide and Miguel Almiron saw a rocket well-saved. Chelsea's irritations continued into the second period as they only managed their first shot on target in the 76th minute. Then came the last-gasp winner. Despite their heartache, Newcastle are a different proposition under Howe, that's for sure. Chelsea would have been full of caution heading into Sunday's clash with Newcastle and with good reason. Not only were the in-form Magpies unbeaten in their last nine Premier League matches heading into this one, but they also have the scourge of Stamford Bridge at the helm. Coming into Sunday's encounter, Howe boasted the best win record of any visiting manager to Chelsea's London home, having been victorious in three of his previous five visits. And he once again proved his worth against Chelsea, nullifying the Blues' threat as they struggled to register efforts on target. However, Havertz's dramatic late winner denied Howe from adding to his Stamford Bridge successes.   Chelsea endured a frustrating first half against the Magpies and would have been relieved come half time. Not only did Newcastle threaten with the two best chances in the first 45 minutes, but they could well have gone into the break with a man advantage. Five minutes before the half-time interval, Havertz challenged with Burn for a ball in the air, but caught the towering defender with his elbow. The Newcastle centre-back made his feelings known to the Chelsea forward after receiving treatment on the Stamford Bridge turf and the German looked fortunate to escape with just a yellow card. The initial decision was upheld following a VAR review, though Havertz could easily have been given his marching orders and Chelsea's day could have become even more challenging.  With Chelsea having experienced a number of selection setbacks in defence over recent weeks, Tuchel has been forced to get creative with his formation. Injuries to James and Ben Chilwell, stomach cramps for Cesar Azpilicueta and Covid for Marcus Alonso has seen the German shuffle his pack and adapt. Ruben Loftus-Cheek has even found himself deployed at both centre-back and wing-back in recent weeks. However, at Stamford Bridge on Sunday, Tuchel scrapped his three-at-the-back system in favour of a back four. The soon-to-be out-of-contract duo of Andreas Christensen Antonio Rudiger started at centre-back with Trevor Chalobah on the right and Malang Sarr on the left. The tactical tweak proved that Tuchel isn't afraid to move away from his tried and tested system of three at the back and highlighted Chelsea's versatility.  Trevor Chalobah made a sensational start to the season for Chelsea but has since seen injuries stunt his progress. The 22-year-old academy graduate was reinstated to the Blues first team against Burnley last weekend with the aforementioned defensive absences offering him a route back in. Chalobah grabbed an assist at Turf Moor before getting himself on the scoresheet at Carrow Road in Chelsea's 3-1 win over Norwich in midweek. Having spent much of his game-time this season at centre-back, Chalobah was deployed at right-back on Sunday and underlined his versatility. With Chelsea's future up in the air following Roman Abramovich's sanctions this week, transfers currently out of the question and a number of defensive personnel imminently out of contact, Chalobah is proving he may well be a key figure at the back next season.  