The InsTtitute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) said the impact of the Ukraine crisis on inflation and public finances may force the Chancellor to act when he delivers his spring statement later this month. IFS Director Paul Johnson said the Chancellor, usually seen as a fiscal conservative or even a Thatcherite, faces a “huge” decision.  He said: “Rishi Sunak has to make a huge judgement call. “Will he do more to protect households from the effects of energy prices which have risen even further in the last two weeks? “If he doesn't then many on moderate incomes will face the biggest hit to their living standards since at least the financial crisis. “If he does, then there will be another big hit to the public finances.  “While he had little choice over big state action through the pandemic, his response to this crisis will tell us more about how he sees the limits of Government in protecting citizens from buffeting by external forces.” The IFS argue that without more public spending as a result of the worsening cost of living crisis public sector workers will face a real term pay cut. At the same time energy bill payers will be hundreds of pounds worse off. A surge in oil and gas prices caused by supply issues and the Russian invasion of Ukraine will add to increasing energy bills and fuel costs will help increase inflation further. READ MORE: 'Russians are changing their tactics' UK sends missiles to Ukraine  Inflation is likely to rise to 8% meaning that with wage growth not keeping pace public sector workers will see their incomes slide. In real terms this would lead to a salary reduction of £1,750 a year impacting professions such as Teaching that have faced wage restraint in recent years. However, making up the shortfall will cost The Treasury £10billion at a time when The Chancellor was hoping to curb the heavy spending of the pandemic. Forecasts from experts at Citi have predicted that a worker on the average salary of £27,500 will be £800 worse off due to the rise in oil and gas prices. DON'T MISS:  'Arrogant Putin crumbling!' Russia mocked as only ONE goal achieved [REVEAL] Brexit LIVE: Rejoiners demand urgent 're-run' of referendum [INSIGHT] Remainers humiliated after backing Bercow 'top tier embarrassing' [SPOTLIGHT]   One option Mr Sunak may consider is more targeted support assisting those struggling most with the impact of the rising oil and gas prices along with the cost-of-living crisis.