Steve Jones is currently fronting brand new property series Perfect House, Secret Location. But he also presents Channel 4’s coverage of Formula 1 - something he says can lead to some “nightmare” interviews with “rude” drivers. “It's not going to make me popular with F1 fans, but interviewing [retired Finnish driver] Kimi Räikkönen was an absolute nightmare,” the 45-year-old chuckled in an interview with Express.co.uk. “When you're talking to somebody and they are monosyllabic, that's a nightmare, it's not good, and it makes me look bad. “He looks like a super cool guy, and I'm the guy who can't get information out of my subjects. “It was a nightmare, it grated on me, the sunglasses and always being rude to people, not making eye contact. “You feel like it was an inconvenience for him to be there. You're a Formula 1 driver, people would give anything to have that!” Steve added. “But he was like, 'I can't wait to go home, you're getting on my nerves.' That kind of vibe. So I don't particularly miss him at the track, I'll be honest!” Steve said most drivers are “intense” and don’t have much life experience outside of practising their craft as it’s something they’ve been dedicated to from a young age. But that doesn’t mean they are all unfriendly - he revealed his favourite driver to chat to is “charming, warm and funny” Daniel Ricciardo. “He's the guy you want to go for a pint with. He's a very sweet guy, great energy, I love anything to do with him,” said Steve. “I respect them greatly. I think they're gladiators, very brave, I am just in awe of them. They are very unusual people.” In his brand-new property series, Steve road-tests his unconventional approach to house hunting in a bid to transform people’s lives. At a time when, for many of us, where we live is less important than how we live, Steve takes four families to some incredible dream homes. But the twist is – they have absolutely no idea where any of them are. Steve must help these house hunters find their perfect houses by encouraging them to focus on the ‘what’ without getting hung up on the ‘where’. And when the locations are finally revealed, will they do the deal and turn these dream properties into their perfect homes? “There is an extreme element,” said Steve. “At its core, the show is a test to see whether you deem the location or the home more important, and we do that in a way no other show has done before, because we sling our house-hunters into a blacked out van, blindfold them and take them to look at properties they might never have considered looking at before. “So it’s very different, there’s humour in there and the house-hunters are fantastic people. I think it might inspire viewers to look a bit further afield when looking for their dream home than they would have before.” Perfect House, Secret Location is available to watch now on All 4.