Arsenal starlet Bukayo Saka would reportedly have three players ahead of him in the wage pecking order even if crunch contract talks result in a quadrupled pay packet. The 20-year-old has allegedly attracted plenty of interest as his current deal ticks down, with the Gunners attempting to fend off suitors with improved terms. Saka was central to Arsenal's first-half barrage against Aston Villa on Saturday. Having created plenty of chances, he eventually found the net with a well-struck effort from outside the area which proved the difference in a tight 1-0 victory. It was the latest in a long line of superb showings from the youngster, who has established himself as one of Mikel Arteta's key performers this season. Some consider Saka the crown jewel in Arsenal's exciting young contingent which includes Emile Smith Rowe, Gabriel Martinelli and Martin Odegaard. With just over two years to run on his reported £30,000-a-week contract, The Sun claim that Arsenal are pushing hard behind the scenes in an attempt to quadruple his wages. Liverpool and Manchester City are among the names believed to be eyeing up a summer swoop if the two parties fail to find an agreement. JUST IN: Barcelona boss Xavi 'green lights' Raphinha move as Leeds star's agent delivers bad news If Saka accepts Arsenal's rumoured offer, it would catapult his earnings up to £120,000-a-week. Surprisingly enough, however, three other stars would still be pocketing even more. Nicolas Pepe is perhaps the most surprising as the 26-year-old continues to play a peripheral role behind Arteta's young whippersnappers. Pepe was one of the most coveted wingers in Europe when the Gunners shelled out for him in 2019, but with one league goal and one assist this campaign, things are yet to click for the £140,000-a-week flop. DON'T MISS...Man Utd's Ralf Rangnick has four problems to solve over international breakChelsea fans offered Champions League and FA Cup ticket hopeTottenham target Dybala prepares to ditch Juventus and 'open talks' A high earner who is undoubtedly pulling his weight of late is Alexandre Lacazette. The Frenchman has been Arsenal's main man up top since Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's January departure, and on a reported £182,000-a-week, the club clearly have belief that he can fire them to a top-four finish. Topping the pile in north London is reportedly Thomas Partey - the only player at the Emirates to have hit the £200,000-a-week mark. After getting off to a steady start in red and white, the Ghanaian is now in full flow and integral to the Gunners' exciting build-up play. Catapulting Saka amongst Arsenal's top earners may be what it takes to prevent him joining a Premier League rival, particularly if their top-four bid falters late in the season. Arteta has made no secret of the club's recent efforts to do just that. "It is a conversation we are going to have with the player, then his agent, his family, so everybody is on board," claimed the Spaniard, "Obviously, our desire is to keep Bukayo as long as possible, because we are really happy. He is part of our club, our DNA, he is growing, he is maturing." "His importance in the team is unquestionable and we want to keep our best talent, that’s for sure."