During the first three months of 2022, the UK’s employment rate has continued to rebound back to the peak levels seen prior to the Covid pandemic. The news will be welcomed by Ukrainians arriving on British shores in the coming months. One of the key issues they will hope to sort out concerns employment. But which places would they be best advised to find work in? As the UK’s largest city London has been one of the world’s leading financial hubs for a number of years now and is well known for its technological innovations. According to figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) London's unemployment rate was five percent in the three months to January 2022, compared with 7.4 percent a year earlier. Though competition for jobs can be fierce, the city represents one of the densest job markets in Britain for refugees. READ MORE: Couple ate scallops and steak at restaurant then left without paying  Outside of London, the next best place to find work is widely considered to be England’s great northern city of Manchester. In fact, research conducted by Market Inspector found the location to offer the best job prospects, particularly for graduates or young adults. Manchester offers diverse employment choices, including the following areas: finance, digital media, biotechnology and law.  Scotland’s capital city is growing at a rapid pace, with the country’s National Records suggesting its population will grow by 28.2 percent by 2037. In 2018, Edinburgh earned the title of "Most attractive City to Live and Work In" for the UK, with the second-highest earning potential (£578 per week). Unemployment in Edinburgh was also found to be the lowest, in March, out of Britain's 10 largest cities - including London. DON'T MISS: Raab plans to APPEAL release of Baby P's mother [NEWS]Prince Andrew was meant to 'sit behind daughters' at memorial  [INSIGHT]PMQs: Boris and Commons erupts as Starmer demands PM RESIGN [WATCH]  Bristol is home to many work sectors, including IT, manufacturing and communications. The southwestern city has been coined the nickname of “Mini London” for its level of industry and start-up companies. Interestingly, the annual 'Women in Work Index’ found, this month, that the south west had the third-lowest female unemployment rate (3.7 percent) in the country, making it an exceptionally attractive region for women.  Yorkshire’s largest city boasts a thriving economy, with jobs across manual labour, hospitality and nursing to name a few. Alongside the opening of the new National Infrastructure Bank near Leeds rail station, seven Government departments and agencies have moved operations to the city over the past year. Indeed, the Government's “Levelling Up” White paper makes clear its intentions to bridge the gap between London and the north, with Leeds likely to be one of the beneficiaries. 