Prince Andrew accompanied the Queen to Prince Philip’s memorial service in what will be seen as a clear signal of Her Majesty’s support for her son. The Service of Thanksgiving marks Prince Andrew’s first public appearance since he was stripped of his military titles and royal patronages and paid millions out of court to settle a civil sexual assault case.   The two royals travelled together from Windsor Castle to Westminster Abbey in the Queen’s state limousine. While many claimed that it was the Duke of York who took a call to take a forefront in the event, a royal expert explained that it was the Queen’s decision. Writer and royal editor Omid Scobie in a sceptical tweet said: “His [Prince Andrew] presence was always going to be controversial, but Prince Andrew taking on the self-appointed role of consort for the day has completely overshadowed a beautiful service. “And to think just a week ago palace sources were fretting about the optics of a wheelchair.”   Royal author Robert Jobson tweeted: “Some reporters are reporting that insiders tell them Prince Andrew pushed himself forward to support the Queen at the service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip. “That is is not true. It was Her Majesty’s decision and he and the family bowed to her decision. He’s an easy target.” The appearance comes almost after a month since Prince Andrew’s, who has denied all allegations, settlement with his accuser Virginia Giuffre. In the settlement, which is not an admission of guilt, he pledged to make a “substantial donation” to her charity which supports sex trafficking victims. READ MORE: Prince Harry savaged as he skips Prince Philip memorial service reunio Royal author Robert Jobson tweeted: “Some reporters are reporting that insiders tell them Prince Andrew pushed himself forward to support the Queen at the service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip. “That is is not true. It was Her Majesty’s decision and he and the family bowed to her decision. He’s an easy target.” The appearance comes almost after a month since Prince Andrew’s, who has denied all allegations, settlement with his accuser Virginia Giuffre. In the settlement, which is not an admission of guilt, he pledged to make a “substantial donation” to her charity which supports sex trafficking victims.   In January, the Queen stripped her second son of his prestigious honorary military titles and royal patronages, and he stopped using his HRH style, in a move that effectively cast him adrift from the institution. Last month, a letter submitted to the US District Court said Andrew “regrets his association” with disgraced financier Jeffrey Epstein. The service of thanksgiving saw around 1,800 people gather at Westminster Abbey, including many representatives of the hundreds of charities that Prince Philip championed, including the Duke of Edinburgh Awards. Among those attending were the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, the Countess of Wessex, the Princess Royal, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. DON'T MISS:Russia ‘repositioning’ rather than ‘withdrawing’ troops, says US Hospital issues ‘black alert’ Kate and William ‘can’t wait’ to return to The Bahamas with their kids