 This year's Oscars ceremony was filled with drama as Will Smith got physical with comedian Chris Rock as the pair clashed over a controversial joke. Will stormed on stage and struck the comedy star after he joked about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith’s appearance. Later in the awards ceremony, Will picked up the Best Actor gong and was applauded by the audience. However, journalist Camilla Tominey has accused those who clapped for the actor of being “hypocritical”.   On Tuesday Camilla was welcomed onto ITV daytime show This Morning and discussed Will's shocking outburst at the Oscars. She shared her thoughts about the incident with hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield. Phillip questioned whether Will’s award could be taken away from him by the Academy. However, Camilla pointed out: “They haven’t even taken the Oscars away from Harvey Weinstein and others, so I don’t think they can do that.” READ MORE: New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air    She went on to criticise those in attendance at the awards ceremony, highlighting the fact that no one intervened. Camilla explained: “I just thought the behaviour on the night of everybody there, sort of nothing was really said or done. Maybe it was because it was so awkward. “But, the idea that you can just march up to somebody in that high profile position of privilege and slap them, and then go on to be rewarded…” she said. Phillip chimed in: “It’s unprecedented. No one will have known what to do.”    Camilla remarked: “Just imagine if either of you two slapped somebody on television. “You would expect to be disciplined,” the journalist insisted. “The point is I just think it’s extraordinary for everyone to just turn a blind eye,” Camilla fumed. She went on to reiterate: “It's so hypocritical in many respects, isn’t it? “You know, this apparent bastion ceremony of everything progressive and everyone’s still clapping as he’s lamped somebody onstage. It’s appalling!” Camilla exclaimed. DON'T MISS...Holby City’s Jaye Jacobs on ‘satisfying’ end to BBC medical drama [MUST SEE]Alan Davies slammed after defending Chris Rock joke [WATCH]Coronation Street theory: Romantic reunion for Fiz Stape and Tyrone [THEORY]  Gyles Brandreth chimed in to the discussion, sharing his thoughts on Will’s behaviour at the awards ceremony. He condemned Will’s actions, describing them as “unacceptable and inexcusable.” However, Gyles also suggested the controversial joke made by Chris wasn’t appropriate. “It is his style of comedy, but perhaps it wasn’t an appropriate jibe or joke,” he said.   Will has since released a statement apologising to the Academy and Chris for his actions. "I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris," he said in the statement. "I was out of line and I was wrong." His apology comes after the Oscars Film Academy condemned Will over the incident and announced a formal review. This Morning airs weekdays at 11am on ITV. 