 Emmerdale viewers have seen Rhona Goskirk (played by Zoe Henry) go through a challenging time over the past few months. She recently discovered her abusive ex-husband Pierce Harris (Jonathan Wrather) died in prison. Rhona’s emotions were shaken-up further when she was later informed that Pierce had left her £50,000 in his will. More recently she’s been perplexed by the arrival of her mother Mary (Louise Jameson) in the village. Could Mary really be in Emmerdale to con Rhona out of her money?    Mary arrived in Emmerdale earlier this week and Rhona wasn’t pleased about her timing. Rhona was down on one knee about to propose to Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) when her mother drove up and interrupted the moment. On Tuesday night’s episode of the soap, Rhona grilled her mother in a bid to discover her true intentions. Mary’s been insisting she’s come to the village for a friendly visit, but Rhona remains suspicious. READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot?    “Okay, why are you here? And I mean, why really?” Rhona asked. Clearly taken aback by the sudden questioning, Mary exclaimed: “To see you!” However, Rhona shook her head adamant that her mother was hiding something. She fumed: “Mum, you’ve not been here for years. You’ve missed all sorts of do’s and events.   "Now you rock up and buy everybody cake and treat us to cooking lessons,” Rhona remarked. “Why do you always have to view everything so negatively?” Mary questioned. Rhona swiftly hit back: “It’s a valid point though right?” “Well, I’m here to see my family now aren’t I?” Mary replied, before walking off. DON'T MISS...Coleen Nolan addresses Loose Women feud rumours [MUST SEE]Emmerdale exit for Manpreet Sharma as she struggles with Meena guilt? [SPOILERS]EastEnders twist as Gray Atkins is killed attempting to flee police? [THEORY]   It’s clear Rhona doesn’t trust her mother and believes there are ulterior motives behind her visit to Emmerdale. Could Mary have heard about Pierce’s death and suspect Rhona has come into some money as a result? If so, there’s a chance Mary may be reconnecting with her daughter in an attempt to get some money. Will she try to con Rhona out of her money, leaving her penniless?    Emmerdale fans are already keen on Mary with many taking to Twitter to delight in her arrival on the soap. “Great entrance and first scenes from Louise Jameson’s Mary (Rhona’s mum) on #Emmerdale. Rhona: ‘How long are you staying?’ Hopefully forever! She’s great fun!! Love her already @emmerdale,” @PhoenixJo2010 wrote. “Rhona's mum being an icon #emmerdale,” @KyleSew2112 remarked. “I love Mary already #Emmerdale,” @RyanGTweetsTV confessed. However, could Mary’s charm be a cover for her sinister intentions? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV.  