Foo Fighters' drummer Taylor Hawkins has died at the age of 50. The news of his death was announced earlier this morning in a Twitter statement from the band. Posting on their official page, his fellow band members spoke of the "tragic and untimely" loss. The full statement read: "The Foo Fighters family is devastated by the tragic and untimely loss of our beloved Taylor Hawkins. "His musical spirit and infectious laughter will live on with all of us forever. "Our hearts go out to his wife, children and family, and we ask that their privacy be treated with the utmost respect in this unimaginably difficult time." READ MORE: Louise Minchin urges former BBC Breakfast co-star to let her return Cause of death has not been confirmed at this time but it is thought he was found in his hotel room while the band were on tour. They've been performing in Colombia with their latest show, which was due to come to the UK this summer. Taylor had been a member of the hit rock band since 1997. He joined Dave Grohl's Foo Fighters after touring with Sass Jordan and Alanis Morissette. As well as his work on the drums for the Foo Fighters, he also lent his skills singing, on piano and playing guitar to their songs. Taylor has also been credited as co-writer on every album since 1999. Alongside his work in the band, the musician has also worked with Brian May, Slash and launched several solo projects. His final performance was with the Foo Fighters at Lollapalooza in Argentina on March 20. Taylor is survived by his wife Alison and his two teenagers, Oliver and Annabelle. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan mocks 'Princess Pinocchio' Meghan Markle's first podcast [INSIGHT]'We know different!' Cornwall local Fern Britton on Gordon Ramsay jibe [INTERVIEW]'Epidemic of offence' Carol McGiffin laments old days of Loose Women [INSIGHT] Following the tragedy, the Foo Fighters have confirmed they will not be performing at Festival Estéreo Picnic. Tributes have been pouring in for Taylor, as fans and fellow musicians have shared their shock at the news. Fans have also gathered outside of the Casa Medina hotel, where Taylor was staying. Posting on Twitter, Ozzy Osbourne wrote: "@TaylorHawkins was truly a great person and an amazing musician. "My heart, my love and my condolences go out to his wife, his children, his family, his band and his fans. See you on the other side - Ozzy." Billy Idol penned: "So tragic. Rest in peace Taylor." Ringo Starr wrote on Twitter: "God bless Taylor peace and love to all his family and the band peace and love." Guns n Roses guitarist Slash posted on Instagram: "Devastated by the loss of our friend #TaylorHawkins I've no words to express all the feelings I have about his passing. "But my heart goes out to his family. & his band & friends. RIP Taylor." US band Nickelback also shared a statement, reading: “Our deepest condolences to his family, his bandmates, his team, his friends and everyone that was ever touched by the music he created with @foofighters @Alanis and so many others. “This is so incredibly sad.”