Phillip Schofield paid a playful tribute to his Dancing on Ice presenting partner Holly Willoughby, who will be missing from the show this evening after being struck down with Covid. Instead, Phil will host the show alone. Taking to his Instagram account, Phil shared a video with his 3million followers. He filmed his spot on the stage floor, marked with his name, and then panned over to the space where Holly would usually stand, her name written on a piece of sellotape, before turning the camera side to side as if he was searching for her, Philip added the soundtrack of Akon’s song ‘Lonely’. His This Morning co-host has been forced to sit out of tonight’s proceedings as she must self-isolate. Holly, 41, has hosted the show for a number of years after an initial stint on the show from 2006 to 2011 and then again since 2018. It is believed she will make a return for the final in two weeks' time. A spokesperson for Dancing on Ice said: "Unfortunately, Holly Willoughby is unable to host tonight's show after testing positive for Covid-19. "We look forward to Holly returning for the Dancing on Ice Live Final." As she self-isolates at home, it's likely Holly will also miss most of her This Morning episodes next week. Phillip penned a longer post earlier today admitting he is “gutted” Holly can’t be there tonight. The 59-year-old urged Holly to get well soon as he reacted to the news. The ITV favourite shared a sweet snap of the presenting duo backstage on the ITV show. DON'T MISS... A Place In The Sun presenter Craig Rowe says filming thrown into chaos[LATEST]Demi Rose flashes derriere in tiny thong as model strips off[PICTURES]Tom Parker seen in a wheelchair amid battle with brain tumour[UPDATE] He captioned the post: "Gutted that my mate won't be with me on @DancingOnIce tonight. "Get well soon darlin."(sic) The news comes after Phillip was forced to miss the ITV skating show when he received a positive test and had to isolate last month. Comedian Stephen Mulhern stepped in to replace him on the skating competition show. Stephen - who is currently holed up at home recovering from an illness - admitted it was "big shoes to fill". He said in a statement: "I’m very much looking forward to being back hosting alongside my good friend Holly this weekend. "It’s big shoes to fill and I’m wishing Phillip a speedy recovery. "I’m a big fan of Dancing on Ice and for one night only I’m thrilled to be rink side watching the action unfold. It’s going to be unbelievable!"