Lucy (played by Melissa Bell) hasn't been seen on Neighbours since last year when she played a part in the reunion of her brothers, Paul Robinson (Stefan Dennis) and Glen Donnelly (Richard Huggett). Things have been quiet ever since as the two men have been warring over their affections for Channel 5 soap favourite, Terese Willis (Rebekah Elmaloglou). However, with it now confirmed production will cease on the weekday serial drama this summer, fans have gone into overdrive as to how the writers are going to end the show. With her business acumen intact, Lucy could have something to do with the grande finale. It has not been revealed what Lucy is going to be up to during her visit to Erinsborough but she will have her business head-on. The actress who plays the Robinson sister, Melissa, took to Instagram to confirm the news as she wrote: "I'm back. Everyone needs good Neighbours." Following the caption, the soap star posted a picture of herself with the actors who plays Glen and their nephew, Leo Tanaka (Tim Kano). Smiling in front of the setting of the vineyard, the trio seem to be cooking up a plan and this could be to do with the future of Ramsay Street. Over the years, Lucy has been on hand as the boss behind the Lassiters brand, having a say on the hotel located in Erinsborough. READ MORE: The Holiday plot hole: Channel 5 viewers spot huge fail The location is close to her heart as it is the place she was raised, having appeared as a regular character from 1985 to 1995. As one of the show's original residents, she is going to always want Ramsay Street to thrive and develop, springing a plan to mind. Knowing there hasn't been much modernisation to the cul-de-sac over the years, the businesswoman could decide she is going to revamp the whole street. This would mean the residents living there would have to sell their houses to her and move away as the construction is completed. Agreeing it's time for a fresh perspective on Ramsay Street, many characters could follow in Lucy's vision and agree to the proposals. Of course, there is likely to be opposition but by the time the programme ends this summer, everyone could be on board with the plans. As one of the show's original characters, bosses could have decided Lucy would have been the perfect person to implement the closure of Ramsay Street. With the construction underway over the next few years, this means there would still be a future for the characters. If the programme were to be revived further on down the road, viewers would be gifted a reconstructed and more modern scene. However, for now, there is no word on when this could happen as no other British broadcaster has decided to broadcast the show. DON'T MISS...Lord Sugar savages Donald Trump over The Apprentice as feud escalates [COMMENT]Tom Kerridge weight loss: TV chef unveils his key diet secret [ANALYSIS]‘Feel the fear!’ Louise Minchin admits terror as a parent [COMMENT] Channel 5 have pulled out of its deal with production company Fremantle to fund the show as they want to focus on more British dramas being created. This has been a huge blow to the cast, crews and fans alike as the drama has been on air for the best part of 40 years. The executive producer, Jason Herbison, has spoken out on how the show could end in the not-so-distant future. He explained: "Ramsay Street is eternal and I like to think it will live on in the hearts and minds of the viewers, long after the final scene. "I would never, ever blow it up. "The ending will be a celebration of the past and the present, with the door very much left open for a future," he told TV Tonight. Many members of the cast have reacted to the news this week no other broadcaster is willing to fund the show and they took to Twitter to express their gratitude to fans for petitioning to keep the show on air. Karl Kennedy star, Alan Fletcher, wrote: "It’s official @neighbours will end production in June this year. "I want to express my deepest gratitude to the millions of fans all of who have supported us for 37 years. Huge thanks to our broadcast partners @channel10au and @channel5_tv. "Stick with us as we #celebrateneighbours," he continued. As of yet, no official date has been given as to when the last episode will air, with multiple reports claiming it will be in some time in August. The actress who played Charlene Robinson on the show and international pop star, Kylie Minogue, has also expressed her sadness at the show ending. Kylie took to Twitter and she wrote: "I’ll be forever grateful for the experience and the friends I made on @neighbours. "We had no idea how big the show would become and how passionately viewers would take it to heart. Pure love! I can still hear Madge calling Charlene!" Reports are suggesting bosses are trying to secure Kylie to make a cameo for the last few episodes but this has not yet been confirmed. Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5.