Grace Kelly married Prince Rainer of Monaco, and with him came an extravagant jewel that has left a great legacy. The actress was presented with a huge diamond engagement ring in 1956. It was a 10.47 emerald-cut diamond flanked by two large baguette diamonds. Tiffany & Co stated: “Emerald-cut diamonds are sought after for their understated glamour and eye-catching depth. “This octagonal step-cut features parallel, rectangular facets, and it is the large, open table that highlights the stone’s pure colour and icy clarity. The emerald cut is a suitable choice for those seeking an Art Deco-inspired engagement ring style.” READ MORE: Kate Middleton honours Jamaica with £48 gold bracelet - 'golden glory' A 10ct diamond weighs a whopping two grams. But this wasn’t the first ring the film star had been presented with. Prince Rainier first offered Grace Kelly a diamond and ruby ring from Cartier, but when she began filming High Society, the press noticed she had swapped her ring for an enormous diamond one. She told gossip columnist Louella Parsons that she had been asked to wear a prop diamond ring in High Society, but Rainier had offered her one of her own as a second engagement ring. This meant that she could wear it during filming. The sheer size and beauty of the ring caused the Philadelphia Inquirer to trumpet it as “one of the ‘stars’ of the picture,” alongside Grace. Too designed by Cartier, the ring became one of the most astonishing pieces of jewellery many had laid eyes on. Grace Kelly was a devout lover of the jewellery brand, and an entire room in Cartier’s New York City mansion is dedicated to the star. The actress turned royal wore both engagement rings until her untimely death in 1982. Grace’s friend Judith Balaban Quine revealed that the original diamond and ruby ring was intended as a “friendship ring” while the proper one was being made. Still, the diamond and ruby combination has left its mark, and now Crown Princess Mary of Denmark boasts an engagement ring with these stones. Diamond expert Max Stone told Express.co.uk: “While it’s incredibly difficult to value a ring without seeing the original item in colour, the fact that the ring was designed by Cartier and features heirloom rubies, which look to be around 1.5 carats, along with 1.5 carats of diamonds, suggests it could be worth over £15,000 today.” The second diamond ring is thought to be worth an eye-watering £30million today, claimed Max. At the time of purchase, the 10ct jewel was retailed at $4.06million (around £3million). When asked why he didn’t initially propose with the second engagement ring, Prince Rainer reportedly stated: “It is silly to count your chickens before they are hatched.”Both stunning engagement rings now belong to the House of Grimaldi. Grace fans have taken to social media to comment on the marvellous second diamond ring. Instagram user Charlotte Luther stated: "If I have to have a ring I want nothing less than hers...!" Anne Widdop took to Twitter: "Now we're talking @Cartier. That's the kind of rock I'm interested in wearing."