Manchester United outcast Marcus Rashford has reportedly been joined by three other disgruntled stars, as interim boss Ralf Rangnick faces a growing contingent who have been left 'irked' by recent decisions. The Red Devils were handsomely beaten by Manchester City at the Etihad on Sunday, a stadium which has broadly been a happy hunting ground for them over the past few years. The match-up was finely poised in the first half, with Kevin De Bruyne's opener cancelled out by Jadon Sancho. De Bruyne rifled in from close range to restore City's advantage before the break though, and once Pep Guardiola and Rangnick delivered their respective half-time team talks, it was one way traffic from there. Riyad Mahrez popped up twice in the second half, firstly with a sweetly-struck volley before a late piledriver off the face of David De Gea, to round off a resounding 4-1 scoreline. On a day which saw United arrive at the Etihad riddled with attacking absentees, Rashford was left on the bench as his struggles for form continue. JUST IN: Arsenal stat will offer Mikel Arteta hope even if Gunners miss out on top four to Man Utd  The 24-year-old came on in the second half, but The Guardian claim that he is on the verge of requesting to leave his boyhood club after being overlooked from the start. Per Manchester Evening News, Rashford is not alone in harbouring gripes against Rangnick, with three others also in danger of walking out at the end of the season. Eric Bailly is supposedly 'irked' by Rangnick's persistence with Harry Maguire, who has drawn criticism in recent weeks, and was exposed several times against the Sky Blues. The Ivorian only signed a new contract at Old Trafford in April last year, but is believed to be open to a move away after making just seven appearances all season. DON'T MISSMan Utd players ‘angry’ after Cristiano Ronaldo fails to show for Man City clash [REPORT]Gary Neville tears into 'embarrassing' Man Utd against Man City - 'I've never seen that' [QUOTES]Barcelona's ridiculous XI if Erling Haaland and three other players join Xavi's team [OPINION] Diogo Dalot also has questions for Rangnick after losing his place to Aaron Wan-Bissaka since the win over Brighton almost a month ago. Many felt as though the Portuguese had added extra attacking quality since being phased into the side, and Wan-Bissaka was given a tough time by Jack Grealish and Co on Sunday. Unsurprisingly, Dean Henderson is another unhappy star who reportedly feels 'harshly treated' by Rangnick, having failed to start a single Premier League game all season. The stopper, who has struggled for minutes behind De Gea this term, is supposedly prepared to leave United permanently in the summer. All this points towards a wave of summer departures from Old Trafford, although that may not be a bad thing in light of their dismal derby defeat. A major rebuild is expected once the Red Devils appoint a new permanent boss, with Rangnick poised to transition into a consultancy role for two years. Erik ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino are both believed to be in contention for the job, which could come without the luxury of Champions League football unless United get their act together between now and the end of the season.