Marked by problems with insulin production, diabetes is a chronic condition. When you suffer from this diagnosis, you either can’t produce any insulin, don’t produce enough of it, or the insulin you do produce isn’t effective. Stripped away of this key mechanism, your blood sugar can pile up and lead to health problems. Diabetes currently targets almost five million people in the UK and this statistic is set to climb even higher, affecting one in 10 by 2030. The tricky part about leaving your blood glucose elevated is the complications that can follow. From heart disease to nerve damage, having too much sugar in your blood can cause further problems. However, this doesn’t happen without alarming bells. High blood glucose draws attention to itself with various symptoms, such as polydipsia, that can help you spot the condition. READ MORE: Susanna Reid health: 'There is no cure' - presenter on her battle with 'bad' condition  According to Diabetes.co.uk, polydipsia describes excessive thirst and represents one of the “initial” diabetes symptoms. While everyone gets thirsty at different times during the day, polydipsia is when you feel this sensation all the time or your thirst is stronger than usual. This excessive thirst usually persists even after you have had a glass of water. The health portal explains that this sign can be also accompanied by temporary or prolonged dryness of your mouth. From eating salty food to sweating a lot, there are different triggers that can cause your body to crave a drink. However, heightened thirst can also happen as a result of high blood sugar levels. This is mainly common in people with diabetes who are yet to be diagnosed. But it can also occur in established patients. If you experience polydipsia that can’t be explained, you should visit your GP, Diabetes.co.uk recommends. Although excessive thirst is one of the main symptoms of diabetes, there are also other signs to help you spot the condition. According to the NHS, “main symptoms” include: The health service advises visiting your doctor “as soon as possible” if you experience these signs. There are two main types of diabetes - type 1 and type 2, with the first one being able to develop “quickly” in weeks or even days. However, you can live with type 2 diabetes for years without you even knowing as symptoms can be quite general. That’s why being aware of what to look for can help. One you get diagnosed with diabetes, you might have to change your lifestyle habits, including your diet and exercise. With type 1 diabetes, you will need to take insulin injections. And with type 2, you might require medicine later as the condition progresses.