The myth over Chelsea’s loan army has been put to bed after a new table revealed another Premier League team has more players out on temporary transfers. The Blues have developed a reputation for sending a vast amount of players out on loan, mostly from their academy. They have frequently faced criticism for the huge number of players they send out to other clubs each season. Chelsea have arguably acted as trailblazers for other top clubs with how to hand their young players experience away from their parent teams. It is a policy that has helped to kickstart the careers of Mason Mount, Tammy Abraham and Romelu Lukaku among others. Some of this season’s loanees include Ethan Ampadu, Conor Gallagher and Billy Gilmour, with the Blues hoping the trio can gain the experience required to step into Thomas Tuchel’s squad, But while the policy has worked exceptionally well for Chelsea, it has also seen them come in for criticism. JUST IN: Abramovich 'considering selling' Chelsea with three bidders ready That criticism though appears to be slightly misplaced, given a new table that has been produced for UEFA’s European Club Footballing Landscape report. The report names Serie A side Atalanta as the team with the most players out on loan, having sent 60 stars to other clubs this campaign. Chelsea are not even in the top six for clubs who have players out on loan, as Dinamo Zagreb and Sassuolo round out the top three with 46 each. Rather than the Blues, it is Manchester City who are the highest placed Premier League club, having sent 44 players out on loan. DON'T MISS: Barcelona in 'Dembele contract twist' amid Man Utd and Chelsea links (TRANSFERS)Kepa's girlfriend calls for 'real Chelsea supporters' to step up (NEWS)Chelsea crisis as Abramovich faces rethink with 'two trustees' concern (INSIGHT) All but 11 of those loans were international, by far the highest on the list, with Chelsea and Wolves the next highest on 19 and 17 international loans respectively. Tuchel’s men also sit behind both Fiorentina and Geno in the table of most outbound loans, with the Serie A rivals sending out 43 and 40 players. Chelsea are instead seventh, having sent out 39 players in total for this campaign, including Ampadu, Gilmour and Gallagher. The Blues do though sit top of the table for the most players aged 22 or over who have been sent out during this season, with 18 stars falling under that category. That trend is set to die off after this season though, with new rules regarding loans being adopted by FIFA. Wolves, Norwich and Brighton are the only other Premier League sides in the top 20 for most loans sent out. In fact, Dinamo Zagreb, Lokomotiva Zagreb, Maccabi Haifa and Red Bull Salzburg are the only non-Italian or English clubs in the top 20. The table would appear to put to bed the myth about Chelsea’s loan army, given City are higher in the list.