Former Justice Secretary David Gauke made the incendiary comments as he lashed out at the Government for "incompetence" in its response to the situation in Eastern Europe. The prominent Remainer and vocal critic of the Prime Minister sensationally accused Mr Johnson of deliberately refusing to help take in more refugees to boost his chances at the next election. There has been criticism of the number of people from Ukraine who have been granted a right to travel to the UK. So far 957 visas have been granted by the UK to those fleeing the war zone, with the Government saying more than 200,000 could be brought to Britain. But speaking at a seminar on the future of the Conservative party, organised by the Reform Scotland think tank, Mr Guake said Mr Johnson was looking ahead to "a couple of years time when we have got large numbers of Ukrainians here". Implying supporters of Brexit were all anti-refugee, he added: "A large chunk of the voters that matter to the Government are going to be pretty fed up with them and view them in the same way that they view the Poles, the Lithuanians and the Latvians in 2016. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG "They will say 'this is not what the Conservative government was supposed to deliver' and I fear that is what is driving the thinking here. "They have an eye on a particular part of the electorate and want to avoid problems in a couple of years time. "They may be right that that is where that section of the population is but it is the wrong policy. "Of course we should be much more generous and we should be welcoming refugees in these circumstances and it is deeply regrettable that we are not." Home Secretary Priti Patel has faced criticism from all sides over its policy on refugees. Both Tories and opposition MPs have urged the Government to speed up the process of granting visas. DON'T MISS:Farmers vow to snub Boris at next election in fury at Brexit stitch-up [REACTION]Gibraltar Brexit farce: Life-saving ambulances denied entry to Spain [UPDATE]POLL: Should UK scrap Brexit border checks to allow aid to Ukraine? [VOTE] In the Commons this afternoon, former Tory chief whip Julian Smith urged the Government to "look again and take control" of the situation. He said a more "humane" policy was needed. In spite of the criticism from Mr Gauke, with two routes open for tens of thousands of Ukrainians to arrive in Britain, the main objection to the UK's approach has been the implementation of the policy. The Government is under pressure to drop bureaucratic elements of the system which are slowing down the visa process. A UK Government spokesman said: "Last week we announced a new sponsorship route which will allow Ukrainians with no family ties to the UK to be sponsored to come to the UK. "This is alongside our Ukraine Family Scheme, which has already seen thousands of people apply, as well as changes to visas so that people can stay in the UK safely. "The routes we have put in place follow extensive engagement with Ukrainian partners. "This is a rapidly moving and complex picture and as the situation develops we will continue to keep our support under constant review."