The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have expressed their sympathies for the Ukrainian people fleeing Russia’s belligerent invasion. The couple met volunteers at the Ukrainian Cultural Centre in London this week - but comments claimed to have been made by Prince William have faced criticism. But did he really say them? As reported from the event, speaking to Ukrainian ambassador Vadym Prystaiko, Prince William was credited as saying Brits were more used to seeing conflict in Africa and Asia, adding: ”It's very alien to see this in Europe. We are all behind you.” The 'Africa and Asia' comment had sparked ire. However, the Duke actually made no mention of "Africa and Asia".   The full quote was heard on an ITV video released after the initial report. In it William says: “Everyone is horrified by what they are seeing. It’s really horrifying. The news every day, it’s just, it’s almost unfathomable. "For our generation, it’s very alien to see this in Europe. We’re all right behind you. We’re thinking about you. We feel so useless.” He also added that he, like many, wanted to do more to help: "The irony is it brings Europe closer together. Europe is closer together than it's ever been before because of Ukraine." DON'T MISSPrince Charles opened up on shattered lifelong dream during visit [INSIGHT]Prince Charles moved to tears during meeting with refugees [REPORT]POLL: Should Prince William apologise for 'offensive' Ukraine comment? [POLL] The Duke and Duchess were shown around by the Ukrainian ambassador Mr Prystaiko, his wife Inna Prystaiko, and Inna Hryhorovych, who set up the relief operation. As the war in Ukraine broke out, the pair issued a rare joint message on the subject. They said: "In October 2020 we had the privilege to meet President Zelenskyy and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine’s future. “Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine’s people as they bravely fight for that future. W & C." CORRECTION: A previous version of this article wrongly reported Prince William said Britons were more used to seeing conflict in Africa and Asia rather than Europe. This was attributed to a PA reporter. However, it was actually misheard by a Daily Express reporter at the scene. William actually only said: ”It's very alien to see this in Europe. We are all behind you.” We want to make this clear. 