Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick has identified a worrying weakness in the squad he inherited from Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in November. And the German coach's concerns stem so far that he only trusts two players' characters in the face of adversity. United's 4-1 derby defeat at Manchester City on Sunday was somewhat of a memorial for a decade of dismal decisions under Ed Woodward's stewardship since Sir Alex Ferguson stepped aside in 2013. And the aftermath has been even more damning, with further leaks slipping out of a dressing room in disarray on Monday. United have won just eight of their 18 games since Rangnick took charge until the end of the season, further stifling the club in their bid for a top-four finish. And whilst only suffering two defeats under the 63-year-old, his side has squandered leads to draw against favourable opposition on five occasions. JUST IN: Micah Richards responds to 'disrespectful' Roy Keane claim after derby The Red Devils have also failed to win a game after conceding first under Rangnick, sealing stalemates just twice from that position - against Atletico Madrid and Newcastle United. ESPN report he has been 'alarmed' by United's inability to dominate entire games and vulnerability to deteriorating after conceding a goal. Rangnick has also identified a blatant struggle to overcome adversity in in-game situations, with only Luke Shaw and Scott McTominay showing signs of doing so in recent months. The German tactician believes Shaw and McTominay are the only players in his squad who have consistently raised their performance after United have conceded - a telling observation given other names at the club. READ MORE: Arsena's Saka urged to snub Liverpool and take Gunners to next level United are supposed to have a leadership group amongst the current playing staff, including Cristiano Ronaldo, Harry Maguire and Bruno Fernandes. However, Rangnick has been particularly impressed by Shaw and McTominay's leadership during troublesome periods on the pitch. He brought sports psychologist Sascha Lense to Old Trafford to improve the mentality of several players after a dire start to the campaign under Solskjaer. But mistakes are causing distractions amongst Rangnick's squad, whilst some of the playing staff's frustrations with teammate performances and tactics have also affected their focus. United are running the risk of missing out on next season's Champions League, which would be a sickening blow to the club. Whoever enters the Old Trafford hot seat this summer is bound to have a mammoth job on their hands to restore order in the dressing room and divert United's path of chaos towards the right direction again. Club legend Gary Neville fears United's top two targets Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag would not be up to the job given the enormity of the task. “If you look at Pochettino and Ten Hag who are the two that keep getting mentioned," he said on Sky Sports after United's 4-1 loss. “Pochettino we don’t even know if they can get from Paris Saint-Germain. Have they got the personality to come in to Manchester United? “The scale of the club, the issues that exist there at this moment in time – are they able to have the personality and character and the strategic planning of how to manage up and down? “To influence up, to take over the planning of the training ground, to redevelop the stadium, all the stuff you think a great manager would do. I’m not sure Pochettino and ten Hag have got that in them.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.