Martin Lewis, 49, has set the record straight after being asked by fans about “being too political”. The Money Saving Expert founder had been campaigning for the Government to step in to avoid the prices for gas and electricity skyrocketing. Last night, Martin took to Twitter, where he boasts 1.3 million followers, to address his fans’ questions regarding his political stance. He explained: “A few people have asked me today about 'being political'. “I am always political. I will always be political. My whole work campaigning for consumers is political.” Martin continued: “Yet I try never to be party political. “I am open minded to all parties & work and co-operate with many when asked.” Martin’s post attracted more than 18,000 likes within hours, as social media users replied to the tweet to discuss the expert’s remarks. JeffCMRT said: “There's good and bad points in all political parties...some have more positive angles than others. “Truth is they all are in it for their own ends generally….” Robin added: "Ironically the “you’re being too political” accusers are motivated to try and silence you because of their own political affiliations." Supertrowel86 argued: “If only the political parties worked together for common goals like finding solutions for the energy crisis for example. “Too much peacocking and posturing on all sides. All too much theatre.” Duncanc23166541 said: “Much respect for this stance. READ MORE...Chris Evans details 'bump in the road' as he shares family rule  [INSIGHT]Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma [LATEST]Piers Morgan's 'lucrative' GMB exit explained by co-star Rob Rinder [NEWS] “Party politics is a blight on our society & those who indulge in tribal politics cause more problems than they solve. “Always admire those who can see beyond party loyalties & instead work forethought greater good.” (sic) Karenjellis suggested: “Government could abolish Tv licence. “Let BBC do adverts same as everyone else. I know it’s not much but it’s a start.” Martin had warned last week that people were at a “crisis point” regarding the increase of the cost of energy bills, and urged the Government to take action. He wrote: “B****y depressing @thismorning phone-in again. “So many people at crisis point regarding energy bills - including those with v high usage due to disabilities (home ventilators, oxygen concentrators, elec wheel chairs etc). “I am nearly OUT OF TOOLS to help. Govt must intervene.” (sic)