Cole Sprouse is best known as Jughead Jones, the best friend of Riverdale’s popular high school hunk turned firefighting vigilante, Archie Andrews (played by KJ Apa). As the CW drama heads into even wilder territory for its sixth season, Cole has recently weighed in on when he expects the series to come to an end. The Riverdale regular has hinted the outlandish teen drama could come to an end after its seventh season. He recently confirmed he and the rest of the cast are ready to “wrap it up with a bow”. However, the CW has already confirmed a seventh instalment is in the works, which will also be airing internationally on Netflix. Beginning with a gripping high school mystery in season one, the series has since taken several dramatic departures from its humble beginnings in 2017. READ MORE: Where is Bargain Hunt's Anita Manning from? Now in their mid-20s, Archie, Jughead, Betty Cooper (Lili Reinhart) and Veronica Lodge (Camila Mendes) have found themselves at the centre of a multiversal mystery. The latest episodes have seen the gang struggle to cope with newfound superpowers, and the show’s long-suffering fans are more confused than ever before. In the wake of a baffling two-parter, Cole assured fans he has nothing to do with the show’s supernatural new direction. “I'm not a creative force behind [Riverdale],” he explained in his recent interview with GQ. “We show up, receive the scripts often the day of, and we're asked to shoot.” If Cole did have the chance to helm the series himself, season six may have looked a lot different. The actor revealed he had actually turned down an opportunity to direct an episode of Riverdale, explaining his vision for the series would have been a lot different to the producers’. However, his co-star Mädchen Amick, who portrays Betty’s mother Alice, has directed two episodes of the series so far. DON'T MISS:Gordon Ramsay’s Future Food Stars branded ‘Poundland SAS’ [REACTION]NCIS LA’s Daniela Ruah celebrates season 14 renewal [LATEST]The Walking Dead’s Norman Reedus pays emotional farewell to series [UPDATE] Although much of the cast has stayed on, regulars Marisol Nichols and Skeet Ulrich have recently departed the series. If more major players start looking for a way out, The CW may have to wrap things up with Riverdale’s seventh season rather than looking further into the show’s future. Cole’s co-star Camila previously told Entertainment Tonight: “I give it another season. “I think we'll go through season seven. Here's hoping. We'll see.” While Lili added to Decider: “I don't know. We're hoping for a season seven. And then that will probably be the last one.” It appears most of the cast are in agreement to wrap things up with a seventh outing. After Camila and Lili’s predictions last year, Cole has echoed their thoughts exactly, leaving only KJ Apa to share his thoughts on when exactly the series could end. With three out of four of the main cast hoping to bow out with season seven, Riverdale could be coming to a dramatic and no doubt unpredictable conclusion within the next year. Riverdale season 6 continues Sundays on The CW and the following Monday on Netflix.