As the cost of living crisis hits many across the country, Alice was on hand to share her tips and tricks to save money and get more for free. However, This Morning host Phillip Schofield was visibly unimpressed when she joked he would be celebrating his 60th birthday on Friday. Fortunately, Phillip understood his co-star was joking and jibed she would have to “resign” over the comment. Talking about ways to save money, expert Alice commented: “Also look at the clubs you can join. “So if you are over 60. That’s you tomorrow isn’t it Phil? You can…ooh dear. “Oh dear, I should never have done that should I? I was only making it up.” As Phillip glared at his co-host, Alice panicked before trying to move on. READ MORE: Shame' Nick Ferarri blasts Harry and Meghan over security “It’s fine,” the This Morning presenter commented before joking: “What a strange way to resign.” Alice laughed: “I knew you were going to say something like that.” Stepping in to move the conversation along, Holly asked: “What do you do with the thing?” “A lot of people join the Boots parenting club so you get extra points, eight points for every £1 you spend on an own brand product,” Alice explained. “So there’s also the over-60s club. There’s loads of other clubs you can join.” At the end of the show, the This Morning team took the opportunity to celebrating Phillip’s birthday. “We couldn’t end the show without wishing Phil a very happy birthday!” Holly exclaimed. “Have the best day tomorrow!” DON'T MISS...Shame' Nick Ferarri blasts Harry and Meghan over security [VIDEO]Gino D’Acampo leaves for Italy in break from This Morning -Don't panic [LATEST]Phillip Schofield scolds Holly as cooking segment goes awry [WATCH] Lisa Snowdon brought a cake for the host complete with a huge sparkler candle. Smiling Phillip said: “Thank you very much indeed.” Giving viewers an insight into how he would be celebrating, he told Holly: “We’re going out for lunch in a bit! Danger, danger!” Elsewhere in the show, Holly and Phillip paid tribute to The Wanted’s Tom Parker who died aged 33. Holly remarked: “It’s so sad and completely heartbreaking…there’s no right time to go, but 33 is so young.” “If there is any good to come out of this, it's that he was such an inspiration and such a positive force,” Phillip added. “He was a friend of the show and had been on here a number of times and there are people up and down the country going through exactly the same thing… he was so incredibly positive. “On behalf of the show and all us here, we send our love to Kelsey and the whole family, we’re thinking of you lots.” This Morning airs weekdays on ITV at 10am.