Dr Michael Mosley wrote his book Fast 800, to help people with rapid weight-loss that will not only help them drop weight quickly but they will be "less likely" to be tormented by hunger and cravings. That said, he has acknowledges dieting isn't easy and changing from a high-carb diet to a low-carb diet will be sure to have an impact on slimmers. And he notes that once a person dedicated to shedding the pounds makes that commitment, they will have to step away from sugary puddings and eat much less food than they're used to. "The good news is I have used the latest scientific thinking on appetite and fat metabolism," he wrote for the MailOnline. His new formula is based around eating more protein and less carbs, meaning the pounds that are lost will be the stubborn, difficult-to-shift fat and not muscle. Dr Mosley explained: "To achieve ketosis, you have to stop feeding your body sugar or carbs that easily raise your blood sugar. So for the first phase of the diet, carb-rich bread, cereals, cakes, biscuits, pasta and potatoes are off the table and out of the house. "Even a biscuit or a small chocolate bar could be enough to tip your body out of ketosis," he warned. READ MORE: Sheridan Smith weight loss: Behind TV star's impressive 2 stone drop He also recommended, in the initial rapid weight-loss stage, avoiding starchy vegetables and most fruits, except berries. "But that doesn’t mean you can’t indulge in meals which are just as satisfying as carbohydrate-rich dishes," he said before outlining some "clever, calorie-counted, nutritious recipes" to keep slimmers feeling full and satisfied. "There’s no reason to miss classic carbs at all!" he exclaimed. Check to Dr Mosley's tasty no-carb alternatives: Makes 6 55g cream cheese 4 medium free-range eggs 30g ground almonds DON'T MISS...Fitness: Experts unveil exercise tip to 'extend your life expectancy' [LATEST]Dwayne Johnson abs: Diet plan for weight loss [DIET PLAN]Weight loss: Slimmer ditched 3 foods to combat her menopause [REAL LIFE] ¾ tsp baking powder 50g Gruyere or Cheddar, grated 50g ham, roughly chopped 1 block frozen spinach, 50g approx, defrosted and excess liquid squeezed out Preheat the oven to 200c/ 180c fan/gas 6. Line a muffin tray with six muffin cases (alternatively use a silicone muffin mould). Place the cream cheese, eggs, ground almonds and baking powder in a medium bowl and whisk until smooth. Stir in the remaining ingredients and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Pour into the prepared muffin tin and bake for 15 minutes. Per serving: 193.5kcals, 4g protein, 9g carbs Serves 2 100g fresh or frozen raspberries 2 pear halves from can, drained and sliced 25g dark chocolate, cut into small chunks 25g desiccated coconut 50g broken walnuts 2 tbsp Greek yoghurt Preheat the oven 190c/fan 170c/gas 5. Divide the raspberries between two ramekins and top each pile with a half pear. Scatter the chocolate chunks, coconut and walnuts over the top and bake in the oven for 10 minutes until warmed through and the nuts are just toasted. Serve with the yoghurt. Per serving: 313kcals, 9.6g protein, 12g carbs Topping per serving: 160kcals, 12g protein, 2g carbs Makes 5 pizza bases Topping for 1 140g ground almonds 60g psyllium husk 2 tsp baking powder 1 tsp fine sea salt 3 egg whites 200ml warm water 50ml olive oil 2 tsp cider vinegar For the topping 1 tsp tomato puree 15g chorizo diced ¼ ball mozzarella, torn ½ tsp dried oregano Small handful of rocket Preheat the oven to 200c/ fan 180c/gas 6. Mix all the dry ingredients together in a bowl and add the egg whites, warm water, olive oil and cider vinegar and give it all a quick mix until well combined into a dough-like ball. With a few drops of olive oil, divide the mixture into five balls, placing one ball on a piece of non-stick baking paper and put another piece of baking paper on top. Press down, then use a rolling pin to roll out the base until it is 1-2mm thick. Repeat with the remaining balls or store them in fridge or freezer for another day. Transfer the non-stick baking paper to a baking sheet, then spread with the tomato puree and scatter the chorizo and mozzarella over the top. Sprinkle with the oregano and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Bake for 15 minutes, or until the pizza is just crispy and golden brown around the edges. As soon as it is out of the oven, scatter with rocket. Fill half your plate with salad.