Novak Djokovic split with his long-time coach Marian Vajda this week, after the pair mutually agreed to part ways during last year’s ATP Finals. The pair have worked together for 15 years with the Slovakian coach a part of the world No 2’s team for all 20 of his Grand Slam title wins. They only briefly split once in 2017, in what was an unsuccessful period for Djokovic. Djokovic and Vajda confirmed this week that they were ending their 15-year partnership. They mutually agreed to stop working together after last year’s ATP Finals, where Vajda was not supposed to join Djokovic but had to fly in last minute when the Serb’s other coach Goran Ivanisevic was forced to leave for a family matter. The Slovakian coach didn’t travel with his charge to Australia – where Djokovic was ultimately deported and unable to compete – or to Dubai, where the world No 2 finally started his season last week. Djokovic will now continue to work with Ivanisevic and the rest of his team, including his physios and fitness trainers Ulises Badio, Miljan Amanovic, and Marco Panichi, who will stay the same. It’s not the first time the Serb has split with Vajda, as the pair parted ways in 2017 shortly before Djokovic took time out for an elbow injury. JUST IN: Djokovic, Nadal and Federer comment made as Medvedev ends reign  Djokovic faced some struggles at the start of 2017 as he was upset by Denis Istomin in the Australian Open second round, his earliest exit at a Major in nine years. After a quarter-final loss to David Goffin in the Monte Carlo Masters, the 34-year-old split with his entire team, including Vajda, in something of a “shock therapy” and started working with former world No 1 Andre Agassi. The world No 2 won the ATP 250 in Eastbourne as a warm-up for Wimbledon while working with the eight-time Grand Slam champion, but this was the only title he won without Vajda. At Wimbledon, Djokovic retired while a set and a break down to Tomas Berdych in the quarter-final with an elbow injury and later that month, announced he would be missing the rest of the season to recover. DON’T MISSFederer and Nadal 'didn't answer' war help cry but Djokovic didRoger Federer's coach gives heartbreaking Wimbledon updateRoger Federer return doubts shared by Stan Wawrinka  Former top ten player Radek Stepanek joined his team in November of that year while he was still sidelined but his presence still couldn’t bring any success for Djokovic, who started the season with a fourth-round loss to Hyeon Chung in the Australian Open. The 86-time tour title winner then underwent surgery on his right elbow, which he said had already hindered him for two years, but his turn-around time was fast as he was already back for the Indian Wells and Miami Masters in March. He suffered losses in his opening matches at both tournaments, having been granted a first-round bye, marking the first time since 2007 that Djokovic lost three matches back-to-back. Shortly after, Djokovic parted ways with Agassi and Stepanek, and was later seen training with Vajda again in the lead-up to the clay-court season. It was a successful reunion for the pair in their first tournament back together as the Serb made it to the third-round in Monte Carlo, losing to the ‘prince of clay’ Dominic Thiem and later admitting it was the first time in two years he was playing “without pain”. By the end of the 2018 season, Djokovic had won both Wimbledon and the French Open as well as the Masters 1000s in Cincinnati and Shanghai, and since then has gone on to get to a total of 20 Grand Slam and 37 Masters titles, also breaking the record for the most weeks at ATP world No 1 last year. It is yet to be seen whether Djokovic will struggle as much without Vajda this time around but he will surely be helped by the fact that the rest of his team remains the same, with no “shock therapy” like before. With Vajda already wanting more time at home with his family, the Serb has been joined by Ivanisevic as his only coach at multiple tournaments over the past couple of years and still had success, so there is hope Djokovic is already adjusted to life without his long-time coach.