Crime thriller McMafia, which starred James Norton, won’t be returning for a second season, it has been reported. The hugely popular gangster drama follows businessman Alex (played by James), who attempts to evade his family's dark past. After a murder shed light on his family's mafia ties, he then enters a world of crime in order to protect his loved ones. Despite pulling in audiences of up to 10 million during its 2018 debut, bosses at the BBC have reportedly pulled the show following the Russian crisis in Ukraine. After production was massively delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the programme had already been faced with a huge setback. According to a TV insider, with the ongoing crisis in Ukraine, the show’s broadcasters have been said to feel the series is “not a good look". They said: “McMafia has been beset by problems, ranging from the pandemic to the fact James Norton’s booming career meant it was hard to pin him down to start filming. “But it also wasn’t a good look to start the second series of a show where the main protagonist is a gangster from a dodgy Russian family who ultimately triumphs on the back of a string of dark deeds,” they told The Sun. READ MORE:NCIS' Pauley Perrette issues passionate plea against Ukrainian war  “But given it deals with murderers and oligarchs, it’s still a very awkward show to be creating in the current client,” they added. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is on its 12th day, with attacks beginning on February 24. The series was based on a book of the same name, written by the author Misha Glenny. Viewers tuned in to watch Alex and his family being forced to leave Russia and start a new life in London after reluctantly ending up on the bad side of the tracks following the tragic death of his uncle.    Speaking ahead of the first season debut, the 36-year-old appeared on The One Show to spill the beans on his role. He explained: “The character is immersed in the modern-day mafia. “I speak with an English accent but I do also speak fluent Russian." Although James won’t be reprising his role, fans will see him returning to TV screens for the third series of Yorkshire police drama Happy Valley.   Returning as the murderous sex offender Tommy Lee Royce, the TV star will be working for another outing alongside Sarah Lancashire as Sergeant Catherine Cawood. Unfortunately, broadcasters had revealed it will also officially be the final series of the beloved show. The new series could drop at the very end of 2022 or in the first half of 2023. There will be six shiny new episodes featuring the tough-nut copper and the twisted Tommy to look forward to. DON'T MISS... 30 Putin helicopters blown to smithereens [INSIGHT]Putin sparks panic as he CUTS main gas pipeline to Europe [LATEST]Praying for peace in the middle of a savage, brutal war - JOHN MARONE [WATCH]   Siobhan Finneran, who plays Catherine's sister Claire, will also be on hand for the new episodes. She said: “I’m so thrilled to be returning to Happy Valley as Clare, and delighted to now be able to answer the question: 'Please tell me there's going to be another Happy Valley???' with a resounding: 'Yes. there is.'" McMafia series one is available to stream on BBC iPlayer