A CCTV image, which has not been verfied, seemingly shows Russian paratroops in a lift, however, many online comments are suggesting this is because they were locked in after power was switched off. One high-profile person who was commenting on the image that first surfaced on Reddit was Conservative Party MP Johnny Mercer, who tweeted: "If you haven’t seen it these Russian Paras yesterday were seeking a way to the top of a building. Obviously they took the lift, why not?  "But, the caretakers switched off the power and took a photo of them." However, comedian Dom Joly responded with a tweet that said: "So why is the light on?" To which Mr Mercer replied: "Fair one. "I think he just stopped the lift." JUST IN: Ukrainian protesters wreck Russian propaganda film in captured city  The news comes amid the fierce fighting in the besieged southern Ukrainian city of Mariupol. The city of 400,000 has received heavy bombardment that has left residents of the coastal city trapped without heat, power and water. The International Committee of the Red Cross issued a statement that said: "Amid devastating scenes of human suffering in Mariupol, a second attempt today to start evacuating an estimated 200,000 people out of the city came to a halt." The civilian death toll since Putin's war in Ukraine began stands at 364. DON'T MISS: Reporter pushed out of White House meeting after shaming Biden [VIDEO]Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin now seizes Russian bank accounts [LIVE BLOG]Putin must lose, but only Russia can dethrone him [COMMENT]   This includes more than 20 children, with hundreds more people being injured. The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights said most civilian casualties were caused by the use of "explosive weapons with a wide impact area, including shelling from heavy artillery and multi-launch rocket systems, and missile and air strikes". Since the invasion began late last month, more than 1.5 million Ukrainians have fled the country. The action from Moscow has triggered tough Western sanctions against entities and individuals from the Russian state. The aim of the sanctions is to cripple the Russian economy. Pope Francis said in his weekly address to crowds in St Peter's Square that "war is madness, please stop". He added that "rivers of blood and tears" were flowing in Ukraine's war. 