Mr Morgan claims there have “been things like E10 in the past” which classic car owners have found ways to solve. Specifically, he says the change in the petrol compound was similar to the switch from leaded fuels to unleaded in the late 1980s. At the time, drives could even change around their valves or stick an additive into their vehicle. Mr Morgan warns these solutions are “something that may be happening with E10” showing motorists there are ways around the issues. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “It's not going to be the straw that breaks the camel's back for classic car owners to drive. “There’s been things like E10 in the past. READ MORE: Drivers 'refuse' to use new E10 petrol - 'It's like it's watery' “Lead is a kind of lubricant in a fuel. “The valve guides and the valve seats didn’t like the transition between leaded and unleaded fuel. “You either changed the valves and valve guides and stuff to be able to cope with unleaded fuel. DON'T MISSSome drivers ‘not noticed any drop in performance’ since using E10 [INSIGHT]E10 fuel attacked as ‘rubbish’ - drivers to return to E5 [ANALYSIS]Drivers call for E10 petrol to be scrapped [COMMENT] “Or you put an additive into the fuel. “I think that's maybe something that may be happening with E10.” Liquid Moly has previously warned additives can protect a car from corrosion with E10 fuel. However, some experts have warned additives can have negative consequences if drivers fail to take precautions. Experts at Car and Classic have also warned additives were “recommended” to stop damage around key car parts. They said additives were key to breaking down water in the fuel which could reduce the effect of vehicle damage. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Malcolm Mckay, spokesperson for the Historic and Classic Vehicle Alliance (HCVA) warned additives was not a “cure-all” for all issues. He said: “Additives are great for improving fuel, such as providing valve seat protection on engines with cast iron heads having soft valve seats, and for increasing octane. “It’s much more difficult to make an additive to correct negative effects of something that is already in the fuel. “If additives are your preferred option, beware of the snake oil salesmen. "Only buy from reputable businesses with an established history of serving the historic vehicle market. “For example, tin pellets thrown in the petrol tank are NOT a cure-all for everything from unleaded fuel to E10.”