Viewers of Channel 4’s Undercover Boss USA saw the founder of the gym reward Megan, an employee, for being such a hard worker in the business. Whilst he was undercover, Megan shared her story with Mr Casaburi. She explained that she had previously had a “really tough time”, and was grateful to be in the position she was, working at the gym. She said: “Getting to this point was the best part of my life. “I met this guy and moved out with him. He became abusive and I was too ashamed to call my mother for help. “Sometimes I would sneak outside and go downtown and it didn’t matter to me if anything would happen to me. READ MORE: Premium Bonds: 'Time to ditch' as new bank account offers ‘better’ rate “I was just tired of life. During that time I gained a lot of weight, and I really destroyed myself. “But I came home and my mum took me back in and I’m forever grateful and I owe the world to her.” The best part for her after she came back home was being accepted into university. She joined Retro Fitness and was able to lose the weight she had gained. “It was a calling,” she said. “Just the biggest blessing.“ Megan added: “I got a job in the place that changed my life. It really doesn’t get any better than this.” Mr Casaburi was blown away by Megan as she really loved her job. He said: “You have no idea how meaningful this really is.” He believed her journey was “a great story of success and power”. He wanted to reward as the energy she gave off was “uncoachable.” Mr Casaburi said: “I’d like to give you $15,000 (around £12,000) to help you get a flat for yourself and continue to build your independence. “We also spoke about you going to school and building your career. “I’d like to give you $40,000 (around £30,000) to pay for your school loans and finish with school debt free. “I’d also like to give you $20,000 (around £15,000) to just help you move forward." Megan sobbed and said: “This is beyond my dreams. “I never thought I would have this right now, and that I would be able to live my life without any worry. “This is so unreal.” Undercover Boss is available to watch on All 4.