The customer left The New Soho Tavern in Soho, Birmingham, a two-star review on the website, calling food there "hit and miss". They also questioned the age of staff and moaned about the state of the toilets at the establishment, which prides itself for its tasty Indian meals and pints. Mikey, the owner of the restaurant recognised the customer, though, and asked "why do you insist on coming back?" in their pithy response. The full response reads: "We honestly do not appreciate your custom. You have give us negative reviews several times however you continue to come here. "From saying kids run the place to the is food crap and now the food hit and miss, the toilets are bad. Honestly if we were so bad why do you insist on coming back? "You are not welcome with your negative attitude towards us. You are yet to approach a member of staff regarding your concerns yet you are the first to go online and write about it? "If you would like to discuss this any further please email. P.s we do have toilet check every hour. And you continued custom only shows how good we are." The New Soho Tavern has a 4.5 star rating on Tripadvisor, reports Birmingham Live. Out of more than 500 reviews - 365 are listed as "excellent" while 100 are "very good". But this customer, who visited in December last year, was critical about their meal and the cleanliness. They had wrote: "Whilst the food here is very hit and miss, just stick to the Punjabi curry. The toilets are a disgrace. "This place needs hourly checks of the toilets especially when it is busy. Seen cleaner toilets in the slums of Asia." And the same reviewer left another scathing critique in 2018, stating: "I been coming here for a while, while food has never been terrible, it’s never been great. I come here for social reasons. "I must say it is now advisable to avoid the food. Grills are full of red chilli powder, the curries are virtually non edible. "Drink prices are not far off city centre prices, especially for soft drinks. If you have give this a place three or more you lot are clearly clueless about Indian food and quality. "I agree it’s cheap, but other places nearby are far better. And as for service, you got about three or four clueless 16 year old taking food orders."  