Blind Dog Rescue UK are looking for a new owner for Palomo, two years old and completely blind. The pup was found curled up under a car trembling with fear but instead of growling at his rescuer, he "hugged" her. According to the Blind Dog Rescue UK, Palomo is said to "wiggle with happiness" when in the company of humans. However, the crossbreed has been unable to secure his own home, and is currently being fostered by a family in Cornwall. A spokesperson from Blind Dog Rescue UK said: "Palomo was abandoned in a street near the home of one of our shelter volunteers. "It was neighbours who warned her and she immediately went to look for him. "Our volunteer gave him a treat and he was so happy with this gesture that he came out of his hiding place without any problem. "At no time did he growl or bite her. On the contrary, he hugged her." Palomo is described as a "happy little dog" who adapted perfectly to blindness, which vets believe is a genetic trait. The spokesperson added to The Mirror: "He immediately integrated into his foster family and became the darling of the whole neighbourhood. "He is tender and very cuddly with everyone and begging to be in your arms like a little baby. "He never makes any gesture or sign of aggression and only seeks to be able to have fun or get closer to you. "Every morning, the volunteer brings him to the shelter with her so that he does not feel abandoned again. "He loves being with people and when adopting this should be taken into account." READ MORE: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin begins underwater assault on Odessa Blind Dog Rescue added Palomo can live with other dogs, cats and children over aged 10, and would love to have his own garden. The spokesperson then said: "Palomo is a very happy and affectionate young dog with everything and everyone that crosses his path. "He is always looking to make friends and despite his blindness, he is absolutely not shy or reserved." Blind Dog Rescue UK works to rehome blind and partially sighted dogs who have been subjected to the “worst of humanity yet still have an astonishing capacity to adapt, love and become perfect ambassadors for blind dogs everywhere”. DON'T MISS The 3 key cities that Ukraine needs to defend [INSIGHT] Royal Family LIVE: ‘Hard to face family’ Harry could MISS Jubilee [ROYAL] Brexit LIVE: Rejoiners attack Tory MP after odd free movement call [BLOG] A Blind Dog Rescue UK statement added: “It is incredibly difficult for sighted dogs to survive any length of time in these shelters let alone blind or partially sighted dogs. “We need to get to these dogs quickly and secure their immediate release and treatment. “These dogs may have been deliberately blinded, involved in road traffic accidents or long term sufferers of painful conditions such as glaucoma. “They need veterinary care and to be given the safety and comfort of a foster home in which to start healing. “Here they are given love and affection and a warm bed - possibly the first they will have experienced in their lifetimes. "At this point we are able to start assessing and promoting these wonderful dogs for forever homes." As of publication Palomo is now reserved for adoption To adopt a sighted dog, contact Blind Dog Rescue UK via their website www.bdruk.org.