Kevin Costner, who is currently starring in Yellowstone, presented Ida Random with a Lifetime Achievement Award at the 26th annual Art Directors Guild Awards on Saturday, and opened up on how she helped get him a head start during his early days in Hollywood. The A-lister is currently waiting to start production on the fifth season of the Paramount Network’s popular Western series. Kevin took to the stage at the Intercontinental Los Angeles Downtown to introduce Ida’s award presentation with a touching tribute to her role in his career. The Yellowstone star got his start with a small role in the 1982 film Frances, starring Jessica Lange. He revealed: “For six years I’d been trying to break into Hollywood, and despite all my best efforts, I was just unable to get a SAG card.” Before he became one of Hollywood’s most bankable stars, he landed a one-minute role in Frances as a man in an alleyway outside a theatre. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? Thankfully, she saw something in the young star, and he was given just a single line in the scene, “Goodnight, Frances”, which fast-tracked his career to success. He recalled: “She looked at me in a very real way, and I don’t know how else to describe it. I had no idea what I had done or what she was looking for. “What she couldn’t have possibly known as I waited for her to speak was how shamefully desperate I was to be seen as an actor. “After a long moment, an Ida Random moment, you'd have to see one to know one, she turned to Elizabeth [Leustig, casting director], and said ‘This works.’ Finally, he added: “And it would change the trajectory of my career.” Kevin was clearly emotional and choked up during his speech as he recalled Ida’s help getting him his first start in the movie industry. Shortly after his brief yet impactful moment in Frances, he started landing meatier roles in films such as Stacy’s Knights, Shadows Run Black and Fandango. He went on to get his breakout starring role in Brian De Palma’s gangster picture The Untouchables, playing opposite Sean Connery and Robert De Niro. DON'T MISS:The Last Kingdom season 5: Stiorra star on huge milestone [SPOILERS]Vikings Valhalla showrunner on historical accuracy struggle [INSIGHT]Virgin River’s Brie was almost played by a different actor [INTERVIEW] Audience members also got emotional as a tearful Kevin thanked Ida for supporting his career as a young up-and-coming star. “I’ll never forget you, Ida,” he continued. “You changed my life that night. “That’s what Ida does: She changes lives. She makes things better, sometimes by inches…She’s the director’s best friend and confidant. “She’s the actor’s biggest cheerleader as she walks them through her perfect sets…You’re a filmmaker in every sense of the word, adding your most personal touch to the movies you call your paintings.” Ida worked as a production designer up until 2016, with her last credited work being on the History Channel’s remake of the miniseries Roots. She has also worked with some of Hollywood’s biggest directors, from Barry Levinson’s Rain Man to Justin Lin on the first The Fast and the Furious film. Meanwhile, Kevin will reprise his role as ranch-owner John Dutton in the fifth season of Yellowstone, which is expected to head into production soon. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Peacock and Paramount in the USA. Seasons 1-2 are available to purchase on Amazon Prime Video now.