Her Royal Highness Princess Charlotte of Cambridge was born in 2015, the second child of the future King and Queen, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. Like her elder brother Prince George, Charlotte has held her HRH and Princess style since birth. But the Letters Patent of 1917 issued by King George V determined that Charlotte would not actually have been eligible for a Princess title from birth. The King George V convention outlines exactly who gets royal titles within the Royal Family, and it stipulates that all of the Sovereign's children are granted HRH styles and Prince or Princess titles. The grandchildren of the Sovereign, provided they are born to the monarch's sons, are also eligible for titles, as is the eldest son of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales. So under the Letters Patent, William and Kate's son Prince George was eligible for a title. But his sister Princess Charlotte was not entitled to be HRH or a Princess, even if she had been born before her brother. According to royal historian Marlene Koenig, the Queen intervened when Kate was pregnant with her first child by issuing a Letters Patent that ensured all of the Cambridge children would be known as a Prince or Princess.  She said: "If Charlotte had been born first under the 1917 Letters Patent, because she was a great-grandaughter in the male line, and only the eldest son of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales was entitled to be HRH... then she would have been The Lady Charlotte Mountbatten-Windsor. So the Queen fixed that little issue." READ MORE: 'Gobsmacking' Andrew's public RETURN sparks royal fury The birth of the Cambridge children, the Queen's great-grandchildren, prompted some major changes to how the monarchy is structured. The Succession to the Crown Act was passed in 2013, which ensured gender no longer influenced who succeeds the throne. So Princess Charlotte remained ahead of her younger brother Prince Louis in the line of succession when he was born in 2018, whereas previously Louis would have taken precedence. The changes only applied to royals born after October 28, 2011, so it did not alter the order of the line of succession for older royals but will apply going forwards.  Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis are the only three of the Queen's 12 great-grandchildren to hold Prince or Princess titles. And in recent years, there has been much discussion about why the children of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, Duchess of Sussex, do not have royal titles as the grandchildren of Prince Charles, a future King. Harry and Meghan's children are titleless and are known as Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor and Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor. DON'T MISS:Lorraine baffled by Queen's decision to put Andrew front and centre [VIDEO]'Prince Harry will live to regret' not supporting Queen at memorial [INSIGHT]Royal insiders fear Andrew is on 'mission creep' to return to Firm [ANALYSIS]  According to Ms Koenig, it was clear when the Queen issued her Letters Patent before Prince George's birth that Harry's future children would not get titles. The historian explained: "The point I made even then is that the Queen changed it to all of the children of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales. "Now, if Harry's children were going to be royal... if the plans had been for Harry, who was not even married at the time, to change it, why didn't the Queen say the children of all the sons of the Prince of Wales? She just capped it as the eldest son. "So right then and there, you knew that Harry's kids were never going to be royal.  "So technically Archie is Earl of Dumbarton and Lilibet is Lady Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor, technically that's who they are, and that was a point of change. "When Charles becomes King, I do think there's going to be an official change." The Queen's other great-grandchildren include Mia, Lena and Lucas Tindall, who are without titles, as are Savannah and Isla Phillips. Princess Beatrice's daughter Sienna Mapelli Mozzi, and Princess Eugenie's son August Brooksbank, are also without titles. 