Last year the Government announced it was cutting the Army back from more than 80,000 regular troops to just 72,500, the smallest it has been since before the Napoleonic Wars more than 200 years ago. But in the wake of the war in Ukraine, pressure has been mounting on Boris Johnson to perform a U-turn. The Sunday Express has learnt Army ­generals have been asked to be present at Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s Spring Statement on Wednesday as the debate continues over increasing defence spending further. This follows Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and Defence Secretary Ben Wallace leading demands in Cabinet for a rethink on cuts. While overall spending on defence is set to increase by £24billion, the review last year had assumed conventional warfare was a thing of the past. A senior source told the Sunday Express: “The assumptions made last year have proven to be wrong and that is what is behind the rethink, certainly in Army ­numbers. You cannot just get rid of whole infantry battalions when the events of the past few weeks have shown that we still need infantry to fight wars.” In addition, ministers now believe Ukraine may not be an end point for Putin and that an invasion of the Baltics or Eastern Europe “is a real possibility”, according to a source. This has also led to questions about the number of British tanks, which has dropped below 200. A senior MP, who has been in discussion with defence ministers and MoD officials, said: “From what I am being told the cuts to the Army are certainly going to be reversed but they cannot announce it at the moment because future spending in the next five years is predicated on cuts now. “In effect if they announce they are not reducing the size of the Army it leaves the Government without a defence policy. The dots need to be connected.” Another MP said: “We cannot get a straight answer on this. If they were sticking to their policy you would imagine they would say so. “The fact they are giving holding answers on the size of the Army suggests there is a policy change coming.” Meanwhile, Defence Committee member and senior Tory MP Mark Francois, a former Army officer, has said it would be “bonkers” to go ahead with cuts now. Mr Francois, who represents Rayleigh and Wickford, said: “The proposed cut of 10,000 soldiers in the so-called Integrated Review was always a bad idea. “It is mainly Ukrainian infantry who are destroying all those Russian tanks, so to now abolish multiple British infantry battalions would be plain bonkers.” Any change in the UK’s defence cuts would need to reverse troop reductions and focus on acquiring missiles and boosting digital and cyber capacity, said Gen Sir Richard Barrons, who led Joint Force Command until 2016. But reversing cuts isn’t enough. The UK will need to boost defence spending to at least three per cent of its GDP to be prepared for what may lie ahead, he warned. “We’re talking about rejuvenating the full orchestra of war,” he said. Sources last night confirmed Britain is “now out of” surface-to-air missiles – until the next scheduled replenishment – following the decision to supply them to Ukraine. Gen Sir Richard added: “Priority should be placed on stocking up on complex weapons, such as precision bombs and missiles.” He added: “If we do envisage a ­possibility of direct confrontation with Russia, the first thing we need to do is address our air and missile defence systems. We are incredibly thin in terms of platforms that do the firing, and missile stocks.” In terms of troop numbers, he added: “We know that our armed forces are way too small now and we are once again in an age where mass matters. “But size is a function of people who are properly equipped and trained, and ­supported with kit. Otherwise you end up with Russian forces with poorly ­performing troops not sufficiently trained or armed.” Meanwhile, UK military commanders are planning to base a battle group in Poland as Nato pledges to ­reinforce alliance partners amid the growing threat of attack from Russian forces. The move adds to speculation that Mr Wallace will receive a significant financial boost from the Treasury this week in the Spring Statement. Downing Street has already announced £500million funding of the revolutionary Sky Sabre air-defence system which will be based in Poland, alongside US Patriot ­missile systems. Around 350 Royal Marines from 45 Commando are now in Poland. They will be replaced by an infantry battle group in late May, giving the Army a major footprint in both Estonia and Poland.