Body breakouts can be caused by a variety of factors, such as hormones, excessive oil production, sweat, clogged pores, and a laundry list of other potential triggers. And while treating the root cause of the issue is the only true cure, there are body washes that have specifically formulated to help you combat any annoying acne breakouts. Ingredients such as tea tree, oatmeal, salycic acid, and African Black Soap are all hugely powerful acne-fighters and are therefore key ingredients to look for when you’re looking for a pimple-fighting body wash. For six body washes Amazon shoppers swear by for treating their breakouts in 2022, keep scrolling.  Formulated with naturally derived ingredients such as colloidal oatmeal and oat oil, this soothing body wash removed daily grime without triggering sensitive skin. As the formula is so gentle, if you’re prone to body breakouts or eczema this wash will leave you feeling clean and fresh without setting off a negative reaction.  Using a powerful blend of fruit enzymes, this A.H.A body wash revitalizes skin by exfoliating and cleansing the skin. By giving your body a light exfoliation each day with this body wash, you can ensure your body is free from acne-causing bacteria.  This skin clearing body wash has been formulated with powerful tea tree oil that helps skin feel clean and refreshed, helping you achieve clearer-looking skin over time.  Salycic Acid is a powerful acne-fighting ingredient, helping to smooth rough skin while removing any dirt and oil build-up. The formula helps to smooth skin by providing a light exfoliation, while the hyaluronic acid and ceramides also in the formula help to retain moisture and protect the skin barrier.  Tea tree oil is a powerful pimple fighter and has been used to clear problem skin for centuries. As tea tree oil can be quite drying, this foot and body wash has been enriched with aloe vera, Atlantic sea kelp, and vitamins A, B1, B2, C, D, and E to keep your skin healthy, soft, and irritation-free.  African Black Soap is renowned for its acne-fighting prowess and if you've never tried this ingredient before, you're missing out. This handmade bar can be used on both your face and body to fight breakouts and has been formulated with shea butter, coconut oil, and vitamin E to keep your skin healthy and hydrated. As the soap is fragrance and sulfate-free, it cleans and softens skin without being too harsh or irritating.