Piers Morgan, 56, has branded Kim Kardashian, 41, a hypocrite for her recent comments. He also blasted the bitter ongoing public drama between Kim’s ex-husband, Kanye West, 44, and current boyfriend Pete Davison, 28, as highly "insensitive" given the conflict in Ukraine. The 56-year-old journalist and television presenter took offence after the American reality television star was asked by Variety to share her tips for businesswomen, to which she replied: “Get your a** up and work”. She added: “It seems like nobody wants to work these days.” Kim’s comments sparked a backlash, especially on Twitter. The former Good Morning Britain presenter said in his column in The Sun: “Putting aside the laughable irony of a woman born to huge wealth and privilege, who literally made her name from a sex tape involving extensive footage of her naked a**, and who now rakes in millions by having TV cameras follow her and her dimwit family around 24/7 as they lead their vacuous lives, lecturing anyone about what it means to do a real job, my mind went to the extraordinary women of Ukraine.” READ MORE: Rylan told to 'grow up' and stop ‘mincing about' amid Ukraine crisis    The Talk TV star has also said that the “self-absorbed” celebrity drama which has ensued following Kim and Kanye’s split in 2021 “makes me want to physically puke”. He also labelled the trio as “three supremely rich, famous, entitled imbeciles". Piers Morgan’s thoughts are with Ukrainians following the Russian invasion of the country last month, and he has hit back at the ”selfish” and “insensitive” actions of Kim, Kanye and Pete. He compared their “headline-grabbing manner” to the celebrity cover of Imagine; a video which went viral after it was released in March 2020 in response to international Covid lockdowns.    He also went on to say that Kim, Kanye and Pete’s “toxic, ugly feud” doesn’t deserve the attention that the victims of the war in Ukraine do, as hospitals are attacked and refugees and journalists are targeted. Since her separation from Kanye West last year, Kim has started dating Pete Davidson, much to Kanye’s displeasure. Kanye has very publicly been hitting out at the couple. He has complained about not being able to see the couple's four children enough, but also begged Kim to take him back, while taking aim at her partner Pete Davidson on Instagram. DON’T MISS:'Horrible, tragic' Martin Lewis bids farewell after worrying warning [LATEST]'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [INSIGHT]Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels'[NEWS]      Kim and Kanye share four children: North, Psalm, Chicago and Saint. Kanye has also claimed that he hasn’t been "allowed" to see his children. Most recently, Pete reportedly sent Kanye a text message urging him to “calm down”, according to leaked images. However, this escalated when Kanye asked Pete where he was, and the comedian replied with a shirtless selfie alongside the message: “In bed with your wife.”    Kim hasn’t spoken out frequently on the drama, but she recently commented on a post of Kanye’s when he said he wasn’t allowed to see his daughter. She commented: “Please stop with this narrative, you were just here this morning picking up the kids for school.” Last month, Piers admitted to booing Kanye West at the Super Bowl. In his New York Post column, Piers branded Kanye a “d***head” and Pete a “loser”.   