Unaccompanied school children have now been banned from the supermarket in Whitefield, Greater Manchester, after threatening to "stab the trolley lad", shouting at customers and carrying out the arson attack.  A member of staff from nearby Philips High School was vocal at a recent meeting on the subject and warned police they would "never have enough (officers) in the area" to deal with the anti-social behaviour issues. At the same meeting, a member of staff from Morrisons said shoppers have told him "parents need to get a bit of a grip". He added he recently had to deal with a teenager who said he was going "to stab the trolley lad". Joanna Jaszczak, who works in a tanning shop nearby, said: "They are scaring staff and it is happening more and more." Euan Adams, who works at a bookmakers in the area, said: "They can be a pain. One of them called me a condom. "They are just very loud, screaming and shouting. We get called weird stuff and they say there's a bomb scare. They're messy, generally." Officers attended the Police and Communities Together meeting at the supermarket café last week, reports Manchester Evening News.   Police Sergeant Dickinson, who attended the meeting, previously explained that Whitefield only has four PCSOs and that they are moved around so that they spend 15 minutes at each location to create the illusion that "the police are everywhere". The Philips High School employee said people need to remember that majority of the school's 900 students are "amazing" but that a "small minority" tarnish their reputation. She said the school runs workshops on anti-social behaviour to prepare them for life outside school but admits "there's only so much we can do". "The police are always in school," she said. The woman added that if officers come in with CCTV or a photo that they will do their best to find the student. "We never shy away from it," she said. "If ever a member of the public comes in with a photo we will deal with it," she added. "The wider issue we have is the clothes they wear," she said. She encouraged Morrisons to implement a policy where children can't wear hoods and masks in the store.  The meeting also heard Bury Council has cut its number of youth workers from 50 down to just four in recent years. Lisa Davies, a youth worker from the council, said youths have nowhere to go in the town. "We haven't got the buildings now because Bury council sold them," she said. "If anyone has any buildings we can use let me know please. "We want them back open and that is exactly what we need."