The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall showed solidarity with the eastern European nation following Russia's invasion by paying tribute to the “extraordinary bravery and fortitude” of the Ukrainian people in the face of “such truly terrible aggression”. The royal couple were greeted by Bishop Kenneth Nowakowski, Ukraine's Ambassador to the UK Vadym Prystaiko, and his wife, Inna Prystaiko, at the venue. During the visit, the Duchess, 74, broke from royal protocol to hug the wife of the country's ambassador who clearly looked emotional, before telling her: “We are praying for you.” Camilla was said to be in tears for much of the time she spent speaking with representatives of the UK's Ukrainian community about the humanitarian crisis unfolding in their home country. Charles made a short speech at the cathedral, where he praised the “bravery, generosity and fortitude” of Ukrainians in the face of President Putin's attack. He said: "I must say my wife and I have been deeply moved by everything we've heard today during our visit and above all by the extraordinary bravery, generosity and fortitude of the Ukrainian community in the face of such truly terrible aggression. "So if I may say so our thoughts and prayers, however inadequate they may be, are with all of you at this most critical time." Many royal fans backed the royals for showing compassion and empathy towards those suffering amid the Russia and Ukraine crisis, with many showing support for Camilla, the future Queen Consort, in particular. One wrote: “What a lovely person Camilla is. Seeing her comforting the crying ambassador's wife never fails to make me weep. Good job for both C&C showing support and solidarity.” Another, called Jojo added: “The Duchess cannot stop her heartfelt sorrow. We share her pain as this tragedy unfolds”, while Cheryl called the visit “deeply moving”. READ MORE: Queen shrugs off health fears as she carries out two audiences Pooja also commended the Duchess of her empathy, by writing: “Love Camilla’s compassion for the Ukrainian people. Can imagine it was a pretty moving experience yesterday, and well done to her for taking action by donating - rather than just talking about it” Another wrote: “Sad to see the pain etched on their face. But an important visit to show support. There’s so little a royal can say in situations like these so any show of support is welcome. Very moving day for them following yesterday's remarks.” One more said: “War is a fearful thing. And gestures like these show you understand that fear but you are determined to lend a hand.” DON'T MISS Sarah Ferguson and Prince Andrew still live together in £30m home [PICTURES] Harry and William broke with royal tradition as children [REVEAL] Sophie Wessex melts hearts as she bonds with dogs during key visit [REPORT] During their visit, Their Royal Highnesses received a traditional offering of bread and salt. The couple also spent time with children from London’s Ukrainian community, with Charles taking time to look at their “Stop Putin” and “Support Ukraine” signs. In addition, they spoke with leaders within the Ukrainian community, representatives across faith communities, volunteers helping the humanitarian effort, and leaders of His Royal Highness's charities working to support the relief effort in Ukraine. Charles and Camilla also lit a candle and left floral tributes at the cathedral in a show of support.  After her emotional meeting with British-based Ukrainians, the Duchess of Cornwall gave a “substantial” donation to the Mail’s refugee appeal. The appeal has broken records, raising a total in excess of £2.5million just four days after the campaign launched. Her spokesman said on Wednesday: “No one could fail to be moved by the appalling scenes of Ukrainians fleeing their homes and the duchess wanted to help in whatever way she could.” It is understood that her husband Charles has made personal donations to two charities he is patron of, the British Red Cross and World Jewish Relief.