Several members of the Royal Family reside at Kensington Palace, and the stunning London residence was once the home of the Queen's late sister Princess Margaret and Princess Diana. Diana's affinity with Kensington Palace is reflected in its gardens, with several tributes to the late Princess of Wales evident among the flora and fauna. The Sunken Garden is perhaps the most famous of the gardens dotted around Kensington Palace. William Mitchel of Sutton Manor Nursery said: "Kensington Palace has vast grounds, the stunning landscape is split into multiple different garden areas. "The main one is ‘The Sunken Garden’, this beautiful garden was designed and constructed in 1908 after previously being occupied by sheds and greenhouses." In 2021, Prince William and Prince Harry unveiled a statue of their late mother in the Sunken Garden on what would have been her 60th birthday. READ MORE: Princess Olga Romanov's blunt take on Meghan Markle and Prince Harry  The special statue is now proudly on display in front of the classic pond, and visitors to the Palace can stop to admire it. In another tribute, the Sunken Garden was replanted in 2017 with white flowers in remembrance of the late Princess of Wales. The Historic Royal Palaces website explained: "It took inspiration from Princess Diana’s dresses along with the famous Mario Testino photographs of the Princess. "The garden continues to follow this peaceful and pastel-coloured style to this day which visitors admire and enjoy."  Kensington Palace is also home to a wildflower meadow, which brings a pop of colour to the majestic grounds. Mr Mitchel added: "Another stunning area of Kensington Gardens is the wildflower meadow. This is located to the southeast of the palace. "This meadow boasts beautiful wildflowers such as poppies, campions, daisies and so many more." The Cradle Walk, characterised by an arched arbour of red-twigged lime, is also a popular spot at the Palace.  DON'T MISS:'Just stunning': Kate Middleton wears £940 SportMax green coat [INSIGHT]Three clever ways Kate Middleton channels the Queen's fashion choices [ANALYSIS]Inside Kate Middleton and Prince William’s first home in Wales [PICTURES] Historic Royal Palaces explained: "In the summer, this shady tunnel provides the perfect place to view the bright colours in the Sunken Garden to the north or the re-landscaped gardens to the south. "The trees are pruned hard on a regular basis to promote new growth and to help train the stems over the iron frame which was installed in 2008. "Some people will remember the colloquial name 'Nanny Walk' as this beautiful spot was a favoured meeting point for the many nannies in Kensington." Kensington Palace also boasts some incredible formal gardens that have been several centuries in the making. 