Tiger Roll, the Irish thoroughbred racehorse who won the Grand National in 2018 and 2019, ran his last ever race at Cheltenham on Wednesday, and he went out on a high as he finished second behind Delta Work. However, the significant celebrations were cut short on ITV, with a Tipping Point compilation of previous episodes taking priority. Viewers expecting to see the important coverage were left baffled over the decision as they claimed there was "no logic" behind it. As the horse competed in the big race, ITV had already stopped coverage as Tipping Point had started. It didn't take long for viewers to express their frustration at missing the important moment. Twitter user Steven Howden wrote: "@CheltenhamRaces and @ITV One of the best ovations of the week more than likely and you come off air for f***ing Tipping Point...... Racing TV from tomorrow." Chris Church penned: "Can't believe you cut it of to show tipping point repeats not happy." (sic) READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role  Burlington Bertie fumed: "@TheRacingPage Good job @itvracing cut off Tiger and Delta Work to get some weird Tipping Point compilations on... f***ing hell man @ITV even if it was proper episodes as you didn’t want to upset the schedule at least there’s a smidgeon of logic but Jesus wept." Chris Connolly argued: "We must do more to promote racing... That is the ITV mantra. "Cuts off an emotional ending for a repeat of Tipping Point.... Get IN the BIN. #TigerRoll." "Could just feel it'd be a historic moment, but f***ing tipping point must be more important," Toby Leake remarked. Martin Moreland added: "@itvracing cutting Tiger Rolls entrance for the final time into the packed winners enclosure. "FFS, to show Tipping Point. What a joke. #CheltenhamFestival2022." (sic)  Tipping Point usually airs on the channel every weekday at 4pm, and the latest instalment was an old episode. Hosted by ITV presenter Ben Shephard, the gameshow sees contestants competing to win the jackpot prize from a coin-pusher machine. Having run since 2012, ITV occasionally airs repeat episodes to fill the slot when there are no new instalments available. However, the fact the episode was a repeat added insult to injury to fans of the races who had been forced to miss the coverage. DON'T MISS... EastEnders exit for Zack Hudson as he betrays Sharon? [THEORY]Antiques Road Trip’s Natasha Raskin Sharp brands co-star a ‘beast’ [VIDEO]Kay Burley faces backlash for Ukrainians in Ireland remark [REACTION] In the final race of a distinguished career, Tiger Roll narrowly missed out on a win. Delta Work, ridden by Jack Kennedy, overtook the champion horse at the last minute. Tiger Roll's owner Michael O'Leary said afterwards: "This is his send-off - he owes us nothing. "He's been wonderful to come back here for the six, seven, eight years. "He's been the horse of a lifetime and in many ways Cheltenham has been his spiritual home. "He's won five times here in Cheltenham. I know he's won two Grand Nationals, but he started here in Cheltenham. "To start off winning the Triumph Hurdle here as a four-year-old, then win the National Hunt Chase and three cross-country races, it's incredible. He's a legend." Tipping Point returns to ITV on Thursday at 4:30pm. ITV's coverage of the Cheltenham Festival continues Thursday at 12:50pm.