Today’s horoscope is extremely busy, so you might feel a little overwhelmed. Don’t stray away from the desire to change and release things that no longer serve you. Lean into your strong emotions and embrace your strong intuition. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for March 18. The main event of the day is the Full Moon in Virgo. This Moon is all about letting go and making “last-minute edits” before the final product or decision. Astrology.com explained: “Full Moons represent a six-month cycle coming to head, either with a cycle coming to an end or peaking with a major milestone. “During this lunation, Virgo’s themes of editing, adjusting, and grounding are present. Final touches could be put on long-term endeavours, like tying up loose ends or perfecting something that you’ve slaved over for months. “The Virginal influence has the power to wipe the slate clean of mistakes, leaving a perfected chapter behind with something to show for the work that has been executed.” READ MORE- Horoscopes & love: Gemini to ‘deepen bond’ with loved one Sixth house themes of routines, healthy habits, work, jobs, and even pets come to the forefront today. Astrology.com’s mystic warned: “It is imperative to take note of the regular, daily themes that could come up during the full moon. Ask yourself, ‘Is this how I want to live?’ “Luckily, if you want to make some last-minute adjustments to your routine, now is the time to do so. “Luna is ready to let go of any anxiety-fueling aspects of your usual processes. “With that, you can also let go of any criticalness since you have the lunar power to make a significant change in your life!” The Full Moon is a time of culmination and fulfilment, but it’s also an emotional time of romance, fertilisation, and relationships. Cafe Astrology said: “This Full Moon presses us to find a balance between day-to-day functions and routines, physical health, and the need for order (Virgo) and vision, spiritual health, and the infinite (Pisces). “Virgo rules the tools and techniques that we use to deal with day-to-day life, while Pisces rules the tools we use to deal with our spiritual selves. “The sudden awareness of a lack in our lives provides us with a golden opportunity to explore our emotional needs. “It’s time to express ourselves and let things out of our systems. It’s an eyes-wide-open time for our work, habits, health, and routines and we are likely to receive strong messages from our intuition.” DON'T MISS...Taurus needs to welcome ‘change’ to avoid career ‘burn out’ [INFORMER]Zodiac sign: Virgo 'loves hard' but has 'unfair reputation' [INSIGHT]Pisces 2022 yearly horoscope: What the water sign can expect from 2022 [EXPLAINER] The Full Moon is also forming an aspect to Pluto, bringing “emotional sensitivity and psychic perception”. Astrology King said: “You will feel things more powerfully and are likely to be transformed by your intense emotional reactions. “Someone is likely to move you deeply and have a strong influence on your life.” Cafe Astrology added: “This transit suggests a healthy relationship with change and transformation. “We want to better ourselves or our situation through the revelations occurring around the time of this lunation. It’s a gently ambitious time.” Pluto is sextile the Sun in Pisces today and this will increase your personal power and influence. This is helped by tremendous drive and determination, fueled by a deep desire to make something of yourself, Astrology King said. The site added: “This is a good weekly horoscope to transform any psychologically extreme tendencies like obsession and compulsions.” Cafe Astrology added: “the Sun’s sextile to Pluto puts us in a renovating spirit–we seek a little more depth from our activities and connections. “This influence subtly increases our determination, ambition, and dedication. “Making improvements or working toward a personal goal can be successful now. We tend to direct our energy constructively and seek out new insight into our lives.” 