 Holby City will reach its conclusion on Tuesday as the BBC airs its final episode. Last summer it was announced the series would be axed after 23 years on the air, leaving many fans heartbroken. The ending of the show has also been an emotional experience for the cast, who finished filming in December. Speaking out about the show drawing to an end, actor David Ames detailed how important Holby City is to him.    David, who plays Dom Copeland in the drama series, opened up about the show’s conclusion in a recent interview. The star confessed he felt “emotional” while filming some of his final scenes. He explained: “I had this moment where I just realised that I'd had my last scene on Keller and I hadn't realised. “I spent nine years on this ward, a quarter of my life in this show, and I've been working alongside Bob Barrett for most of it, who I absolutely adore. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Maria Connor removed from the cobbles    “It was super, super emotional and it kind of came from nowhere. “Having spent a quarter of my life on this set, on this floor of this building, it's super strange, all the changes that have happened in that time,” David revealed. The actor insisted he’s made several “lifelong friends” while working on the hit show. David detailed the important part Holby City has played in his life, particularly during the coronavirus pandemic.   He said: “I live alone. This job was my lifeline. I spent the first lockdown on my own, which was really tough. “I had a lot of family stuff going on at the time and to only see people through a screen on my phone or my laptop was really hard. Having this job to come to was a haven. “We were working hard during that period but to be able to speak to other people, albeit from two metres away and with masks on, but I had other people to chat to in the flesh. “That was really special,” the Holby City actor told Digital Spy. DON'T MISS...EastEnders Bernie Taylor star shares disappointment over co-star exit [INSIGHT]Tim Lovejoy teased by Sunday Brunch guests as segment goes awry [WATCH]Nicola Coughlan states Derry Girls delay caused ‘insane stress’ [MUST SEE]  David reflected fondly on his time in Holby City, insisting the cast felt like “a little family”. He also highlighted his connection to the show’s loyal fanbase, describing how heartwarming it felt when viewers tried to save the show. Unfortunately, despite fans pleading with the BBC to keep the series going, the broadcaster’s decision remains unchanged. The final episode of the long running medical drama will air on Tuesday (March 29).    Jac Naylor (played by Rosie Marcel) is set to be at the centre of the finale storyline. In the last episode, viewers will see Jac’s heartbreaking brain tumour battle reach a conclusion. Holby City icons Adrian ‘Fletch’ Fletcher (Alex Walkinshaw) and Sacha Levy (Bob Barrett) are also set to feature heavily in the finale. Six former cast members are also set to return as the hit show bids farewell. Holby City's final episode will air on Tuesday, March 29 at 7.50pm on BBC One. 