Meghan Markle has revealed many of her favourite recipes during her professional career as an actress. The Duchess of Sussex grew up in America, then moved to Canada for seven years to film Suits before landing in the UK as a member of the Royal Family. Meghan’s travels all over the world undoubtedly influenced her tastebuds.  Luckily, the Duchess’ recipes for the most part do not require fancy ingredients. Meghan shared some of her favourite recipes filled with fruits and vegetables in her pre-royal days whilst she was an actress on Suits. She revealed her go-to snacks and also what she likes to make for Sunday dinners. Meghan told Today in 2012: “I love food. READ MORE: Horoscopes: Gemini has 'useful' trait in love but must 'stop worrying' “Unapologetically so. “With long shooting hours for season two of USA’s Suits, it's important to balance the decadent treats that make my heart go pitter-pat, and the nourishment that fuels my body." Meghan continued: “My favourite foods run the gamut from healthy to indulgent, but rest assured, they are always delicious. “Just like my character, Rachel Zane, I'm a foodie, so if I'm going to eat it, it has to be good.” But how do you make her fish tacos? Meghan said: “I'm a California girl, and being from Los Angeles, I was conditioned to like Baja-style food from the womb. “You think I'm joking. I'm not. “Here's how I make fish tacos.”  Bell peppersOnionsFlaky white fishSalt and pepperLimeCorn tortillas.  Meghan added: “Grill some peppers and onions and a couple fillets of fish (a flaky white fish works best). “Season everything with salt and pepper, a little lime and stuff it all inside of a warm corn tortilla. “Few bites of food make me happier than that.” Where in California does Meghan enjoy eating fish tacos? She explained: “If you ever find yourself in LA, go to Fresh Corn Grill and order salmon tacos. “It sounds a little strange at first, but trust me, they are insanely good! “I dream about those tacos, and they are not paying me to say that.” 