Speaking at a press conference alongside British Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, Mr Blinek claimed Putin will "fail" no matter the temporary military success of his troops. The US Secretary of State said: "I’m absolutely convinced that Putin will fail, and Russia will suffer a strategic defeat no matter what short-term tactical gains it may make in Ukraine.  "You can win a battle, but that doesn’t mean you win the war. "On the contrary, you can take a city, but you can’t take the hearts and minds of its people and Ukrainians are demonstrating that every single day. "We’ve already seen that Russia has failed in its chief objectives. "It’s not been able to hold Ukraine.  "It’s not going to be able to hold Ukraine in the long term." Mr Blinken, who was appointed to Cabinet shortly after Joe Biden's inauguration in 2021, went on to claim that even if Putin was able to install a puppet regime in Kyiv, Ukrainians would never approve. He said: "I think it’s pretty evident that they will never accept that." Blinken also attempted to clarify the situation around potential Polish air support for Ukraine. READ MORE: Putin's 'ONLY' Achilles' heel exposed as 'schism' poses 'threat'  Washington had previously agreed to the Polish plan to deliver MiG-29 fighter jets to Ukraine. However, on Wednesday, Poland announced it would hand the planes to the US airbase at Ramstein in Germany, a plan the Pentagon said was not tenable. Moscow has made clear that any country that provides bases for Ukrainian forces will be considered part of the conflict. Mr Blinken said the Polish proposal highlighted the difficulties of the situation. DON'T MISS:  Putin’s troops shooting OWN comrades for not killing innocent [REVEAL] Ukraine LIVE: Putin gloats as Russian army uses horrific 'vacuum bombs [INSIGHT] 'Russia is rattled!' Kremlin rocked by Boris Johnson's Ukraine support [SPOTLIGHT] He said: "I think what we’re seeing is that Poland’s proposal shows that there are some complexities that the issue presents when it comes to providing security assistance. "Departing from a US-NATO base in Germany to fly into airspace contested with Russia over Ukraine raises some serious concerns for the entire NATO alliance." 