Tottenham hero Sergei Rebrov has vowed to return to Ukraine to fight for his homeland as they defend themselves against the Russian attack – and the former striker has pledged that he will “take a gun.” Rebrov spent four seasons with Spurs at the turn of the century before moving to West Ham. Ukraine came under attack last month as Russian president Vladimir Putin took the deadly decision to shatter peace in Europe and launch an assault by air, sea and land. Cities including Kyiv, Kharkiv and Mariupol have since been besieged by Russian troops as civilians fight for their lives. Over two million Ukrainians have now fled the country, with the humanitarian crisis growing by the day as supplies of food, water, heat and medicine grow scarce. Rebrov is currently in the United Arab Emirates after taking up the role of manager at Al-Ain last summer. But the 47-year-old admits he will be returning home soon to fight. JUST IN: Man Utd forced into Pogba action as Juventus put 'offer on the table'   “I have a job here but as soon as my season is over, I will be back home with my people,” Rebrov told the Irish Independent. “As soon as I can, I will go - I will fight. Everyone is going into the streets - we are united as a people. “The world is asking how Ukrainians can protect their people. It’s because people will go in the streets and fight - everyone is united, we know what we have to do. “Of course, we are not even thinking about football now, we are thinking about protecting our country. DON'T MISS: Neville's 'shut people up' prediction proved right after Ronaldo claimMan Utd may have perfect Rashford successor as Dortmund star eyes exit Man Utd must avoid repeating mistakes with Rashford contract decision      “I am very proud of the people, the soldiers who are trying to save our country. We are on the right side, but we have to fight for our freedom. “Of course I will take a gun in my hand. We will survive. We will win. “I see no compromise as there is no compromise with Putin - he only wants to go to Kyiv and show he has occupied our country. “He has no interest in compromise - we will fight for our people and stay to the end.   “We are now fighting for our country. We want to decide our fate - not have other people run our country or tell us what to do in the future.” Rebrov won 75 caps for Ukraine during a 14-year international career and represented his country at the 2006 World Cup. The former striker scored in the group stages against Saudi Arabia during that tournament as Ukraine went on to reach the quarter-finals. His last appearance for his country came against Georgia later that year and he hung up his boots in 2009. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 