Nick Kyrgios has warned Andrey Rublev that he's ready to defy his "underdog" status when the two meet in the second round of the Miami Open. The eccentric Australian backed up his form in Indian Wells, where he reached the quarter finals before losing a feisty encounter with Rafael Nadal, with a first-round win over Frenchman Adrian Mannarino. Kyrgios, who recently paired up with compatriot Thanasi Kokkinakis to win the men's doubles title at the Australian Open, didn't drop a single service game as he prevailed 7-6 6-3. He is now likely to face a much tougher test against the in-form Rublev, with the fifth seed benefitting from a bye into the second round. The Russian has already claimed two ATP titles in 2022, winning the Open 13 event in Marseille before also taking the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championship in Dubai. He also reached the last four in Indian Wells, but was beaten by eventual champion Taylor Fritz. Former Wimbledon quarter finalist Kyrgios readily accepts he'll be unfancied to go through, but isn't unnerved at the prospect of facing a player he has beaten once before. "I grew up with him, I've seen him play. He's a hell of a player," Kyrgios said. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu shares sweet Ash Barty gesture as world No 1 announces shock retirement "Obviously we all know what he's capable of and I'm going into that match as a complete underdog. But I feel confident. If I'm serving well and playing well form the back I can beat anyone, and everyone knows that. I'm excited." Kyrgios has been no stranger to the headlines in 2022, with his success alongside Kokkinakis at Melbourne Park capturing the imagination of the Australian public. He was also vociferous in his support for long-time rival Novak Djokovic, claiming the Serb was poorly treated by the Australian Government amid the explosive visa saga which saw him deported from the country before the first Grand Slam of the season began. DON'T MISS:Andy Murray leads tributes to Ash Barty as Australian tennis star tipped for career switchAndy Murray hits out at the Conservative government with spicy commentRafael Nadal's doctor explains injury plan with key aim to speed up return He is again partnering Kokkinakis in the doubles in Miami, who also has a second round match to prepare for after beating Richard Gasquet. The 25-year-old was also in impressive form as he came through 6-4, 6-2. Kyrgios is currently ranked 102 in the world, but a good run as a wildcard in Miami will provide a real boost to his ranking. His career high came in 2016 when he reached no 13.