Anne Boleyn is famous for her marriage to King Henry VIII, which lasted for just three years and three months. The former Queen of England was the second of the six women the Tudor monarch married during his reign. Anne first met Henry at court, where she was a lady-in-waiting to his first wife Catherine of Aragon. Her marriage to Henry ended in tragedy when she was executed at the Tower of London in 1536. She told Express.co.uk: “The Book of Hours tells us about their very passionate and tumultuous relationship. “In the British Library, there is a stunningly gorgeous prayer book. “I’ve seen it, I've held it. It's fairly famous. “There were two inscriptions in it. One from Henry to Anne, and then a return from her to him. “The story behind this prayer book is that it was Anne’s and that in Mass, he did a lot of paperwork.” The remarkable object, which has also been digitised, contains nearly fifty beautiful illustrations. The book, which contains several prayers and psalms, was an incredibly popular item in the Middle Ages. In the Book of Hours owned by Anne, Henry scrawled love messages declaring his passion for her. In one message, the King wrote in French: “If you remember my love in your prayers as strongly as I adore you, I shall hardly be forgotten, for I am yours. Henry R forever.” Ms Vasoli said: “He signed a lot of things. It has been said that he took this book from her, he wrote to her, and then handed it to her and then she replied. DON'T MISS: Queen gave Camilla Queen Consort title to stop Prince Harry from 'harming' her in book [LATEST]Queen would be ‘hurt’ if more countries left Commonwealth – ‘it's close to her heart’ [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton faced 'difficult situation' on royal duties: 'Must be really conscious' [ANALYSIS] “When I looked at it, it's so stunning and so expensive that I absolutely believe that it was his and that he gave it to her as a gift. “But then she wrote to him and returned it. “He is expressing his angst and his desperation for her love, and she writes back to him. “What I believe happened was that he gave her that book with his inscription in it and she spent a fair amount of time thinking about how she would reply.” She added: “Because her reply is written on the page with beautiful illustrations, the page depicting the Annunciation. “So, in other words, she is telling him that she will deliver him a son, and that she can be counted on. She is definitely pledging her commitment.” "Anne Boleyn's Letter from the Tower: A New Assessment" was written by Sandra Vasoli and published by MadeGlobal Publishing in 2015. It is available here.