Attendance Allowance is available to those over the state pension age who have a disability severe enough to require supervision or additional care, although they do not need a carer or attendant to claim. An estimated more than three million pensioners are missing out on this benefit, which even at the lowest rate could provide them with an additional £60 per week and is due to rise next month. Currently, Attendance Allowance provides eligible pensioners with either £60 or £89.60 per week depending on which rate they receive. However, this will increase next month by 3.1 percent, offering claimants £61.85 on the lower rate and £92.40 on the higher rate. Monthly, this could see eligible pensioners receiving up to £369.60 every month which could go very far in helping them survive the cost of living crisis. So why are many pensioners missing out on what could be a vital benefit for them? Charity Age UK believes it is because “they mistakenly believe they don’t qualify”.  Age UK is the leading charity for older people in the UK, informing and helping older generations to claim every penny they are entitled to and much more. They shared the five most common myths that stop pensioners from claiming the potential £4,804.80 they are due. An estimated 58 percent of new Attendance Allowance claims are rejected, which can be an intimidating deterrent for many looking to make an application. However, Age UK noted that even those who have previously had their claim rejected could reapply as changing circumstances may mean they are now eligible when they weren’t before.    Additionally, Age UK shared on their website: “Many applications are turned down because people don’t mention or aren’t clear about their illness or disability affects their lives. Don’t underestimate your needs when filling in the form.” Many avoid even checking if they are entitled to any Department for Work and Pensions benefits as they assume their income or savings are too high to be eligible. However, certain benefits such as Attendance Allowance and PIP do not look at one’s financial standing at all, but rather focus purely on their disability or health condition and the claimants’ needs. This also showcases the importance of being clear and succinct in the application form as it is the only aspect taken into consideration when a claim is being decided on. While some may be financially fit enough to not necessarily need benefit payments to get by, that doesn’t mean they are not entitled to it. As Age UK stated: “You’ve paid into the tax system all your life. Now it’s time to get something back.” Some eligible pensioners may avoid applying for Attendance Allowance as they do not have or want a carer attending to them. However this is actually a big misconception as Attendance Allowance does not require applicants to have a carer. Claimants are awarded or rejected based on the help or care their condition requires, not the care they actually receive. Additionally, applicants can also use the benefits payments to help themselves stay independent. Claiming any type of benefit can often be intimidating, especially as Attendance Allowance has over 40 questions in the claim form. There is assistance available for those that need help to fill in the form, Age UK offers this assistance on their advice helpline or in Age UK branches throughout the country.