Alan Titchmarsh was back with another episode of Love Your Garden on ITV this evening. The gardening expert and his team were on hand to create a stunning space for community hero, 90-year-old Mary Ann Stevenson, who had dreamt for decades of having her own rose garden. For anyone else looking to add summer beauty and fragrance into their gardens this summer, Alan revealed what to look out for when choosing a healthy plant. Mary told Alan her fondest garden memory: “Just before we got to school there was this house - just like a dolls house - I used to love it. “Early morning, you used to smell the roses, and one day I said I’d have a garden like that.” As Alan’s team got to work designing the space, the right roses needed to be chosen. There are well over 30,000 varieties of roses in the world, and with so many types of roses, the choice can often be bewildering. READ MORE: Gardening: The ‘ideal’ and ‘effective’ method for a slug-free garden Luckily, Alan explained to viewers a few things they should be looking for when buying a rose for their garden. He said: “For me, a rose isn’t a rose unless it has a glorious scent - this one is Sweet Jessica. “You’re looking, when you buy the bush itself, for a decent amount of stems that are well-spaced. “This has got lots of stems - if it’s a bit mingy with a couple going out one side, leave it alone, don’t go for it. DON'T MISS...Weight loss tips: 5 natural ways to get rid of belly fat [GUIDE]Prince William stands with hands on hips in Caribbean for key reason [BODY LANGUAGE]Star signs: Zodiac expert shares each star signs luckiest colours [INSIGHT] “But one thing you do need to look at is the foliage on a rose bush; if it’s leathery and shiny like this, it will be much more resistant to mildew and black spot. “Disease resistance will save you from spraying - I never spray my roses, at all!” The presenter remarked. “If you’ve got good foliage, good fragrance, good colour and a good framework of branches, you’ve got a good rose.” For those with standard roses, Alan revealed a “secret” to creating the iconic round shape, full of flowers. He said: “The secret is to prune them in winter to encourage shoots in spring to come evenly all the way around. “And to feed them well, and you end up with a beauty, which becomes a tremendous focal point.” As for when and how often you feed roses, Alan explained: “Roses need a feed in mid-April and a second feed just after the first flush of flowers in June and, ideally, again six to eight weeks later. “They also need serious mulching each season. “On reasonable rose ground you can get away with spreading an inch of well-rotted manure, compost or even bark over the soil in March. “But with poorer or drier soil types, apply your mulch two inches deep in spring, and again in autumn. “On thin, chalky, gravelly or sandy soils you could top it up in summer – in conditions like this, organic matter decomposes quickly and roses are heavy feeders,” he previously told Express.co.uk.