Royal fans normally see members of the Firm, take to the balcony for Trooping the Colour, marking a rare appearance for them all to be pictured together. The sovereign’s birthday has been celebrated with a big military parade since 1760 but, after 2019, the Royal Family’s marking of the occasion may never look the same. In early June 2019, the Queen and her family gathered to mark her official birthday with Trooping the Colour. The Queen's nearest relatives gathered for some marching and saluting, and the pictures from the event mark another in a series of instances which see the extended house of Windsor gathering to wave to the masses. However, now it has emerged that we may never see a sight like this again as changes are being considered about who is, and who isn’t, welcome to be a part of this iconic tradition going forward. A new report has claimed that the number of approved guests has been significantly reduced, leaving a number of big names out of the guest list. Due to Covid, it has taken place on a scaled-down format, often with fewer crowds due to restrictions in recent years. For the last two years, only a few military personnel marched around Windsor Castle to mark the Queen's birthday. However, with Her Majesty's Platinum Jubilee celebrations fast approaching, this year will see a return for the tradition during the four-day long Bank Holiday weekend in early June. JUST IN: George's godmother says close bond is 'lovely way' of honouring Diana There has been considerable speculation in recent months whether Harry and Meghan will make an appearance. Particularly since moving across the pond, Harry has only returned for two very brief visits and never with his family in tow. It is now being reported by the DailyBeast that "only those in the direct line of succession" will be invited to the Buckingham Palace balcony. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry come under fire for latest political intervention [REVEAL]Rebel Wilson takes aim at Royal Family with Prince Andrew jibe [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry's work schedule ‘hardly compares’ to Firm members' [ANALYSIS] The report claims “sources have consistently” told the publication that “only those in the direct line of succession — Charles and William and their spouses — will be invited onto the Buckingham Palace balcony for the climactic moment of the celebrations, a fly-past of Buck House by the Royal Air Force aerobatics team, the Red Arrows.” It comes amid the Duke of Sussex's legal case against the Home Office over his security arrangements in the UK. Just this week, it was announced that Harry pulled out of flying over for Prince Philip’s memorial later this month. Westminster Abbey is hosting a Service of Thanksgiving for the Duke of Edinburgh on March 29 and many members of the Royal Family are expected to be in attendance. According to a spokesperson for the Duke, the 37-year-old royal plans to visit the Queen as soon as possible, but it is not clear when that will be. Harry last returned to Britain in July last year. He unveiled a statue of his late mother Princess Diana alongside his brother Prince William. Prior to this, Harry returned to attend the funeral service for his grandfather in April.