Paul Pogba has doubled down on his comments about Manchester United's lack of trophies in recent seasons. The Frenchman returned to Old Trafford in 2016, with his last pieces of silverware at club level coming in his first season back at the Red Devils. That drought for a trophy has continued this season, with United having been particularly poor in the cup competitions. They were knocked out in the first round of the Carabao Cup, defeated by Middlesbrough in the fourth round of the FA Cup and fell to Atletico Madrid in the last 16 of the Champions League. Those poor displays have come in a season in which the Red Devils have failed badly in the Premier League. As a result, a serious overhaul is expected to be coming this summer, led by a new long-term manager. But Pogba appears to be unlikely to be a part of the new-look United, with his contract expiring at the end of the current campaign. And the 28-year-old has made his frustration at the way his potentially-final season at Old Trafford has gone clear. READ MORE: Liverpool ace Henderson's brutal response to Maguire training error “I want to win titles, to play for something and this year and the last few years we haven't won a title. It's sad. The season is not over yet, but almost because we don't have any more titles to play for," he told Telefoot. "Totally [playing for France is a breath of fresh air]. That's the truth. There were difficult moments at Manchester United and I needed this break to regain my energy and confidence. Nothing is decided on my future, there is nothing done. I can decide tomorrow, as I can decide during the transfer window." DON'T MISS: When Man Utd plan on making contract offer with Ten Hag top target (NEWS)Ten Hag ‘amazed’ by behaviour of Man Utd chiefs after giving assurance (INSIGHT)Arsenal want to sign Man Utd star Rashford because of three players (TRANSFERS) Those comments can be seen as a doubling down from Pogba on his frustrations with United this season. Earlier last week he also blasted their failure to bring any silverware to Old Trafford and labelled the season as "dead" with two months still left remaning of the campaign. "You have to be honest, the last five seasons have not satisfied me – really not at all. This year it is dead, we won't win anything. Whether it is with Manchester United or at another club, I want to win trophies," Pogba had told Le Figaro.