Sources suggest Mikhail Watford was found by the gardener in his garage on the Wentworth Estate. Police are taking the incident seriously amid fears Mr Watford could have been on a hit-list.  The exiled Russian father of three made his money from the oil industry in Ukraine, extending his wealth by creating a property company in Britain. A family friend said: “His state of mind might have been affected by the situation in Ukraine, “The timing of his death and the invasion of Ukraine was surely not coincidental.” Another associate said: “His death raises questions. “After all the other suspicious deaths of Russian nationals and associates in the UK, it is only natural there will be speculation about his death.”  Mr Watford changed his name from Tolstosheya after moving here in the 2000s. The property in which Mr Watford was found hanging is said to be worth in the region of £18 million. The tycoon lived with his Estonian wife, their two children and an older son from a previous marriage. The couple has previously appeared in the Sunday Times, showing off their wealth and lavish lifestyle. Mr Watford boasted country mansions and private jets.  READ MORE:Putin faces WAR CRIMINAL trial as world unites in disgust at invasion A source said: “It is truly shocking as Mikhail had everything to live for. “He had a beautiful wife, children and dream home. “It makes no sense at all.” After Mr Watford’s death, Ms Watford shared a picture of her kissing him while holding a cigar, on Facebook.  A statement by Surrey Police read: "We were called around midday on Monday (28 February), following reports of the discovery of a man’s body at an address in Portnall Avenue, Wentworth. "An ambulance was called but the man, who was in his 60s, was sadly pronounced dead at the scene. "His next of kin are aware and are being supported by specially trained officers. "An investigation into the circumstances of the death is underway but it is not believed there any suspicious circumstances at this time."