The Premier League is set to back a proposal that will see referees train with clubs from next season, according to reports. Manchester United interim head coach Ralf Rangnick is believed to have raised the suggestion in a bid to improve relationships between officials and players.   Some managers have expressed concerns this season following several controversial decisions. Everton boss Frank Lampard received a personal apology from PGMOL chief Mike Riley after the Toffees were the victims of a few poor calls. Others have hit out at the use of VAR and the ambiguity of the ‘clear and obvious error’ guidance given to officials for overturning decisions. There have also been complaints about the late nature of some offside calls. And now it seems that the Premier League is keen to improve relations between officials and clubs in a surprising move prompted by Man Utd’s Rangnick. JUST IN: Tottenham 'eyeing' left-field manager in case Antonio Conte quits According to the Daily Mail, meetings held between the PGMOL and Premier League managers have culminated with the Premier League keen to explore referees training with clubs. Rangnick is believed to have surprisingly had the backing of his counterparts across a two-day summit. The German – who is expected to step aside from his role at Old Trafford in the summer – believes relationships between referees and players would be better if they did not only see them on matchdays. The move could see them use the elite facilities of Premier League clubs while officiating training matches. PGMOL chief Mike Riley is apparently on board with the proposal. Another topic discussed in the meeting included having dedicated ‘VAR officers’ instead of rotating referees who vary in success when overseeing the technology.   DON'T MISS...Arsenal urged to sanction summer transfer for Man Utd outcast RashfordNewcastle 'plot summer move for winger Ismaila Sarr' after LiverpoolRoman Abramovich 'suffered symptoms of POISONING' after Ukraine talks Riley called former Chelsea star Lampard earlier this season to apologise for several incorrect decisions made against his Everton side. Lampard felt Jonjo Shevley should have been sent off in a fixture against Newcastle, while the Toffees were denied a penalty against Manchester City for a handball by Rodri. Lampard later commented: "Mistakes can happen and this was clear. I don't want to hold all referees or Riley to account. But I don't understand the decision and we still don't get the point back, which is critical for us in the position we are in. "The apology showed from the referee's side that it was a mistake so there's not much more to say as we can't change anything. I just hope going forward we don't have to suffer too many more of those decisions."   