The year's Oscars red carpet broke with tradition in surprising and refreshing ways. Often the Academy Awards seems to have a dress code or uniform - simply couture gowns and tuxedos, with only a few celebrities each year trying a truly unique style. This year we were treated to an abundance of nontraditional ensembles and a lot of flair (think rockstar vibes!) for example Kristen Stewart and Wesley Snipes both went for shorts. Kristen Stewart, who was nominated for her portrayal of Princess Diana in Spencer, wore Chanel Tuxedo Shorts and a button-down that remained open to her navel under her blazer. Snipes dared to be different in a silky burgundy jacket, shirt, shorts with kilt-like accents all in the same garnet hue. Another example is Timothy Chalamet who rewrote the dress code by wearing Louis Vuitton womenswear and went shirtless. Although Zendaya wore a daring crop top to the Oscars she pulled it off and managed to look both edgy and glamorous, which is very much her brand. READ MORE: Oscars 2022: Guests turn heads in pink, black and plunging necklines - best looks Ariana DeBose, who won best supporting actress for West Side Story, also won best dressed for the red carpet. I mean: Red (check!), contemporary pantsuit (check!), cape (check!), mixing masculinity with femininity (check!). The red complemented her skin stone, paired with the perfect diamond necklace to give sparkle. Zendaya’s Valentino look was fresh, youthful, and elegant; it reminded me of modern-day Sharon Stone, who trail-blazed at the 1998 Oscars in a Gap Men’s button-down shirt and a Vera Wang skirt. Zendaya modernized the look with a cropped silky button-down shirt. Serena Williams looked pretty in pink wearing a custom Gucci gown with black floral detailing on the bust and shoulders. DON'T MISSCelebs dress in silver and sequins at Vanity Fair party [OSCARS]Oscars 2022: Lady Gaga, Demi Lovato & more dress up in bold colours [STYLE] Kate Middleton’s Caribbean wardrobe cost an incredible £35,000 [ANALYSIS] Tiffany Haddish looked absolutely stunning in Dolce & Gabbana. She looks like a perfect emerald gem. The fit of this gown makes Haddish look statuesque. Mila Kunis, who looked absolutely gorgeous, brought classic traditional Oscar attire to the red carpet. Mila’s light pink couture gown by Arab designer Zuhair Murad updated old Hollywood glamour with new Hollywood accents including a modern belt and balanced asymmetrical details. Mila, who has Ukrainian heritage and has been raising money and advocating for Ukraine, presented a moving speech and moment of silence. While attending her first-ever Oscars, singer and Disney alum Sofia Carson evoked old Hollywood style with a bustier strapless, black tulle Giambattista Valli gown. The dress was modernized with one elegantly draped sleeve. The very full and dramatic skirt was a perfect choice for an actress wanting to make her first moment in the Oscars spotlight memorable. I completely love when men wear color on the red carpet. Kodi Smit-McPhee stepped out in a bold custom light blue Bottega Veneta suit with Cartier jewellery. Jake Gyllenhaal mixed classic lines with an open, casual rock’n’roll in all black Givenchy. I appreciated how Gyllenhaal kept the essence of classic Oscars style by wearing a black tuxedo and added his own personal style by wearing a black button-down without a bowtie. Andrew Garfield, nominated for best actor for Tick Tick boom, looked stellar in a YSL double-breasted burgundy velvet tuxedo jacket, paired with a black silk button-down shirt and a western string tie. And last but not least, as a fellow costume designer I was thrilled to see that Black Panther Costume Designer Ruth E. Carter stood out in her own futuristic look while presenting the Oscar to fellow costume designer Jenny Beavan. It was an ensemble worthy of her characters.