Just five months since season six's dramatic finale, Grantchester is already back on ITV screens with a brand new season. It’s the long hot summer of 1959 when the wedding season is in full swing in the Cambridgeshire village of Grantchester. Robson Green and Tom Brittney return as DI George 'Geordie' Keating and Reverend Will Davenport but viewers will see brand new guest appearances in the show’s latest outing. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about those joining Grantchester in the first episode of its seventh series.   Who stars in Grantchester season 7 episode 1 cast? Returning Geordie star Robson’s first major TV role was starring as the hospital porter Jimmy Powell in the BBC drama series Casualty back in 1989. He then went on to portray Fusilier Dave Tucker in the ITV military drama series Soldier Soldier. Speaking about the latest season, Robson revealed his character is like a “fish out of water” after he finds himself detached from his family, saying: “Geordie is lost at the beginning of this series, he no longer has the safety net of family.” He told British Period Dramas: “He’s back to square one and almost a bachelor again and realises he has to try and get Cathy back.” READ MORE:The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one   Tom Brittney will also be making a comeback as Reverend Will after he joined the cast in 2018 as a leading character. The 31-year-old actor is perhaps better known for his role in the historical/fantasy series Outlander, where he played Lieutenant Jeremy Foster, one of Black Jack Randall's men. The actor teased a romance that could be on the cards for the beloved Reverend, explaining: “This series really tests Will’s romantic life and relationships. “A person comes into his life and causes a lot of problems because when Will falls in love, he falls hard,” he told The Version.  Leonard is a young Anglican priest, who is assigned as a curate to Sidney Chambers' parish, played by actor Al Weaver. His television credits include D.C. Billy Slaven in The Inspector Lynley Mysteries and National Antiquities Museum employee Andy Galbraith in Sherlock episode The Blind Banker. Al has been in TV miniseries Five Days as Josh Fairley. Grantchester fans watched horrified in series six the village curate was jailed for being gay. The TV star claimed despite the fact that some prejudices have dwindled, his role is still relevant, explaining: “We’ve still got this hatred and injustice in the world that a lot of us find really appalling."  He said to The Sun: “You just think, why can’t people accept that everyone’s equal, that everyone deserves some love and the same opportunities as everyone else?” Tessa Peake-Jones will be portraying Mrs Chapman, formerly Mrs Maguire. Working initially as the housekeeper for Sidney Chambers (James Norton) and then for Will, she is loyal, loving and hardworking. Before working on Grantchester, Tessa is best known for playing Raquel Turner in the BBC sitcom Only Fools and Horses. Fans will see Mrs Chapman battling with her health, which could drastically affect her future, the actor told British Period Dramas:  “She hasn’t been feeling her best and is visited by the doctor and from this point, life changes quite radically for Mrs C." DON'T MISS[INSIGHT] Vera's Brenda Blethyn shares huge update on new series [INTERVIEW]Louise Minchin's daughter admits how stalking ordeal changed her mum[VIDEO] Louise Minchin's 'most difficult conversation ever' with stalker  What will happen in episode one? In episode one, the synopsis released by ITV reads: “The body of a dead man is found on the grounds and is quickly identified as the sisters’ errant brother Lord Edmund Fitzgerald, who has been living an itinerant life travelling the world since the war. "Will and DI Geordie Keating find themselves at odds with Geordie’s new boss DCI Elliot Wallace and DC Larry Peters in viewing the death as a murder. "As Will and Geordie investigate the Fitzgerald family history they find themselves looking into Edmund’s own romantic past. Could a story of lost love hold the clue to his killer? “It looks like romance might also be on the cards for Will when he meets an enigmatic woman at a jazz club, while Geordie, currently staying at the vicarage in Leonard’s old room, has a plan to win back estranged wife Cathy and return to the family home. "But are both men headed for happy-ever-after or heartbreak?" The seventh season of Grantchester will start on Friday 11 March 2022. The first episode will air at 9pm 