Poor lifestyle decisions cause fat to accumulate in your liver. When it accumulates to the point of excess, it's known as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). If caught early enough, NAFLD is treatable but in the advanced stages it can prove life-threatening. Unfortunately, NAFLD may not present warning signs in the beginning, which makes it highly pernicious. In fact, you may not experience symptoms until NAFLD has progressed to cirrhosis - a serious form of liver disease whereby the liver is scarred. According to The London Clinic, "if the most advanced stage of NAFLD (cirrhosis) develops, you may experience more severe symptoms". If your feet have become swollen feet, this can indicate the most advanced stage, the health body warns. READ MORE: Fatty liver disease: Two signs on your face of 'irreversible and life-threatening' damage Other "severe" signs include: The NHS explains: "NAFLD is often diagnosed after a blood test called a liver function test produces an abnormal result and other liver conditions, such as hepatitis, are ruled out." But blood tests do not always pick up NAFLD. The NHS explains: "The condition may also be spotted during an ultrasound scan of your tummy." DON'T MISSParacetamol: Toilet warning signs you've taken too much [INSIGHT] Visceral fat: The everday fruit that can reduce the belly fat [TIPS]Doctor's warning: The common mistake when having a poo [ADVICE] This is a type of scan where sound waves are used to create an image of the inside of your body. Experts don't know exactly why some people accumulate fat in the liver while others do not. Similarly, there is limited understanding of why some fatty livers develop inflammation that progresses to cirrhosis. NAFLD has been linked to the following: "These combined health problems appear to promote the deposit of fat in the liver," explains the Mayo Clinic. "For some people, this excess fat acts as a toxin to liver cells, causing liver inflammation and NASH, which may lead to a buildup of scar tissue in the liver." Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is an aggressive form of fatty liver disease, which is marked by liver inflammation and may progress to advanced scarring (cirrhosis) and liver failure. This damage is similar to the damage caused by heavy alcohol use. If you have NAFLD, you can make lifestyle changes to help stop it getting worse. According to Bupa, losing weight can reverse some of the build-up of fat and even some of the fibrosis in your liver. "It’s important not to lose weight too quickly though, because this could cause problems with your liver," warns the health body. Exercising more will help you to lose any excess weight you may have, it adds.