Red Bull principal Christian Horner, 48, has come under fire for his appearance in the latest instalment of Formula 1: Drive to Survive. The highly anticipated fourth series documents Max Verstappen’s championship victory, in which he beat Lewis Hamilton on the final lap of the season. The documentary includes never-before-seen footage surrounding Red Bull’s triumph, which means even more airtime for Horner. Many viewers took to Twitter to rage that the father-of-two was “almost unwatchable” and urged him not to return next season. User @madamdubobon raged: “Christian Horner makes #DriveToSurvive4 almost unwatchable. “Seriously, bin him off next season and focus on some other team principals who can go more than two minutes without b****ing, moaning or being a massive b*****d. Better yet, give me the Guenther Steiner show please.” READ MORE:Demi Rose flashes derriere in tiny thong as model strips off Matt was also furious, tweeting: “Oh my word, Christian Horner in #DriveToSurvive4 Absolutely awful. He is obsessed with Lewis Hamilton. Obsessed.” James also didn’t hold back: “Horner comes across terribly in #DriveToSurvive4. Toto wouldn't be seen dead riding a horse, slagging off competitors and acting like he's just won the Euro millions. Gross.” While Tara said: “Christian Horner is coming across really badly, what an unpleasant little man. I cannot tell you how much I hope Mercedes and Lewis Hamilton smash RedBull this year.” Even Christian’s wife, Geri, was not immune from backlash. @noolivesthnx said: “I'm sorry but why is Christian Horner's wife getting more screentime in #DriveToSurvive4 than actual F1 people? I'm only on episode three and this is the THIRD ‘cosy domestic’ scene at their house and we've not even SEEN some of the drivers! We've seen her more than Perez!” However, some users did come to the team principal's defence. Andy hit back at critics, writing: “You do know it's entertainment right, edited and cut together to fit a narrative.” Aisbel said: “It's a normal reaction or a feeling when you want to beat your biggest competition and you know you can... I don't see any inferiority complex, just a competitive man.” DON'T MISSOur Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update[LATEST]Louise Minchin praises Carol Kirkwood on move away from BBC Breakfast[INSIGHT]Robbie Williams says he and wife have nowhere to live[NEWS] While Gaz threw his support behind Horner’s team: “I want Red Bull Racing to dominate for decades. I don't mind other teams winning. But never Lewis, never Mercedes.” And Kapil wrote: “Soo much hatred, really not needed in the sport.” It comes after Christian gave a rather unflattering review of his Spice Girl wife’s driving skills. In an interview with The Times, Christian brutally said that she “isn’t a good driver”. Speaking last year, he quipped: “Geri isn’t a good driver — she thinks everybody else is wrong.” Luckily for Geri, her husband was more complimentary about her skills in the kitchen. He said the singer “cooks a mean scrambled egg on toast”. Christian and Geri married in 2015, they have one son together, Monty, 5, along with his daughter, Olivia, 8, and Geri's eldest, Bluebell, 15, who are both from previous relationships.