The Steelmaker has unveiled plans for a new service centre at Skinningrove, Redcar, North Yorkshire. The company hopes that the centre would ensure that Britain remains a leading global manufacturer after Brexit. This facility would include cut-to-length lines, product milling, machining and warehousing operations. It would also allow British Steel to manufacture and process a wide of products for the forklift and earthmoving industry. David Hogg, Special Profiles Plant Manager, said: “These plans represent the biggest single investment in our Special Profiles business for more than 30 years and will ensure we remain a leading global manufacturer. “If our plans are approved, we hope to start building works later this year with commissioning expected to start in August 2023.” The company’s plans for the new service centre have been submitted to Redcar and Cleveland Borough Council for approval.  David Waine, British Steel’s Commercial Director for Special Profiles, said: “Since we announced the investment we have had nothing but positive feedback from current and prospective new customers. “The plans will enable us to manufacture world-class products to the tightest of tolerances. They will also enable us to explore new growth opportunities for although our primary product offering would be for forklift mast production, we expect to be able to expand this to include other product applications too.” Richard Marsden, Managing Director of BDN, said: “The continued investment by British Steel into Skinningrove will provide a huge boost to the Tees Valley’s historic steel industry and we are delighted to be working closely with the company to help bring this exciting project to life.” READ MORE: Unions in battle to save 3,000 jobs as steel giant faces closure This latest scheme builds on previous investments, including the installation of a £2 million world-leading surface descaling system, a high-tech product processing centre and a unique robotic identification tracking control for each profile manufactured at the Skinningrove mill. Steel manufacturing industry in Britain has been in decline for years, companies find it difficult to compete for a range of factors like overcapacity in EU steelmaking and Chinese state-subsidised firms flooding the global market with cheap products. The UK Government is focussed on reviving the country’s steel industry. DON'T MISS: Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated [MAPPED] Scholz's masterplan backfires! Putin sends gas reserves into freefall [ANALYSIS] 'Who will save Europe?' Russian space chief threatens to let ISS crash [REVEAL] Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng said: “We know and recognise the critical role the steel industry plays in all areas of our economy, and the recommendations set out by the taskforce highlight ways we can achieve our shared objective of a thriving, competitive and open UK steel sector. “Steel is a national strategic industry and we want to see the sector continue to win business both domestically and internationally over the long-term as it transitions to a low carbon future in a way that supports competitiveness, jobs and clean growth.”