Manchester United think Erik ten Hag can be their next manager for the next five years, according to reports. The Ajax boss is now seemingly the frontrunner for the post at Old Trafford ahead of Mauricio Pochettino and Thomas Tuchel. And that’s a decision the club have come to after conducting a thorough investigative process. It will be the start of another new era at Manchester United this summer, with the club eager to get back to the former heights of old. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer had previously been seen as the man to restore the glory days of when former boss Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost, especially after the board gave him a new contract back in the summer. However, Solskjaer was axed back in November and interim boss Ralf Rangnick has struggled to lift the doom and gloom mood around the place - especially following their FA Cup and Champions League exits to Middlesbrough and Atletico Madrid respectively. Until now, it had been reported that Ten Hag was battling it out with the likes of Pochettino and Tuchel to become the club’s No 1 choice to be next manager. However, The Sun now say the 52-year-old is their top target after the club had ‘compiled exhaustive background checks on each of their possible targets’. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United believe he can be their boss for at least the next five years, suggesting that will be the length of his contract at Old Trafford in the event of any potential appointment. The Red Devils also want to make an announcement before the end of the season so that their next manager can hit the ground running and take part in transfer planning for the summer. Regarding Tuchel, it’s noted the Chelsea boss had genuinely emerged as a new candidate due to the chaos currently rumbling on behind the scenes at Stamford Bridge. Yet United are now ready to look elsewhere, fearing they’ll miss out on the German due to the fact the saga of any possible Chelsea sale will rumble on and on. The board think Ten Hag will be able to attract top players, with the likes of Antony, Declan Rice and Manuel Akanji some of the names being linked as the summer creeps closer. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Yet they also think the Ajax boss’ expected appointment has the potential to keep some wantaway stars, too. Though no names are mentioned, it’s feasible Ten Hag taking over at United will convince fellow Dutchman Donny van de Beek to stay after the pair enjoyed a successful time at Ajax together. On Ajax, the publication states United will need ‘some negotiation’ with the Eredivisie outfit due to the fact his current contract runs until the end of the season. Ten Hag, should he get the job, will become the fifth permanent managerial appointment at United since Ferguson’s departure just nine years ago. David Moyes was the first to land the role, with the Scot impressing Ferguson with his work at Everton - where he’d turned them into a solid and enterprising Premier League outfit. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here However, Moyes lasted just 10 months and lost his job after failing to guide the club into the Champions League places. After Moyes came Louis van Gaal, who was given the honour of taking charge following United’s failure to bring Jurgen Klopp, then of Borussia Dortmund, to Manchester. Van Gaal won the FA Cup in 2016 yet was relieved of his duties that same year because, like Moyes, he’d been unsuccessful in steering them into Europe’s top club competition. United thought they were onto a winner when they hired Jose Mourinho as Van Gaal’s replacement. And they were initially proven right, with the Portuguese masterminding Community Shield, Carabao Cup and Europa League success in his first season at the helm. After he fell out with many of his big players, however, he was axed in December 2018 with Solskjaer then drafted in as his replacement on a permanent basis following a successful spell as interim. And whether Ten Hag can succeed where his four predecessors failed, not including Rangnick, remains to be seen. Speaking recently, the Ajax boss was quizzed on a report that suggested he was perfecting his English ahead of an expected move to the Premier League. And Ten Hag smiled before responding: "No, that (report) is not true! “We (already) talk English at the club because there are a lot of foreign players in Holland and they are already educated in English so (it makes sense)."