Roman Abramovich’s decision to put Chelsea on the market signals the end of an era. The Russian hired and fired many managers throughout his time at Stamford Bridge, including Jose Mourinho. But Mourinho, it seems, had a way with the Russian that none of his successors did. Chelsea were a team hoping to break into Europe’s elite when Abramovich took over back in 2003. Yet the Russian transformed the Blues throughout his spell, helping them become one of the biggest clubs on the planet in the process. After sacking Claudio Ranieri in 2004, Abramovich then decided to bring in Mourinho. The Portuguese had impressed world football during his time at Porto, steering them to Champions League glory with a 3-0 victory over Monaco in the final. And Mourinho arrived wanting to build a dynasty in west London. One player he wanted to land was Didier Drogba, who had impressed the current Roma boss with his form for Marseille in Ligue 1. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Mourinho revealed in 2019 in an interview with beIN Sports that he told Abramovich to not speak and just ‘pay’ when it came to the Ivory Coast international. "Drogba is the kind of guy who is so loyal that he never forgot that I took him from Marseille to the Premier League, where he was not even expected, because he didn't start very young at that level,” he said. “He had already played for Guingamp, Marseille, Le Mans. “So when I took him to Chelsea, I remember clearly Abramovich was asking me, 'Who? Who do you want as a striker?' "With all the big names in Europe at that time, I said Drogba. “‘Who is he? Where's he playing?' [I said] 'Mr Abramovich—pay. Pay, and don't speak.'" DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message It’s fascinating that Mourinho was able to acquire Drogba despite Abramovich appearing to have doubts over a deal. Not every Chelsea manager got their way with the Russian, who was pretty selective when it came to splashing his cash. Under Antonio Conte, that was particularly true. Conte wanted Romelu Lukaku to join the club back in the summer transfer window of 2017, having seen the Belgian shine at Everton. Yet despite advocating a deal to Abramovich, the Chelsea chief instead hesitated - allowing Manchester United to steal a march. Conte also never wanted Chelsea to land Tiemou Bakayoko, either. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz But Mourinho, right from the very beginning, was able to get Abramovich to buy into his vision. The deal for Drogba paid off, with the Ivory Coast international establishing himself as a club legend during his two stints in the capital. And Chelsea are still looking for a true heir to the 43-year-old, with Lukaku misfiring since his return from Inter Milan back in the summer. Abramovich, meanwhile, has insisted any sale of the club won’t be hasty. He said: “The sale of the club will not be fast-tracked but will follow due process. “I will not be asking for any loans to be repaid. “This has never been about business, nor money for me, but about pure passion for the game and club. “I have instructed my team to set up a charitable foundation where all net proceeds from the sale will be donated. “The foundation will be for the benefit of all victims of the war in Ukraine, providing critical funds towards the urgent and immediate needs of victims, as well as supporting the long-term work of recovery.” Abramovich also hopes to return to Chelsea one day to say goodbye to supporters. He said: “This has been an incredibly difficult decision to make and it pains me to part with the club in this manner. “I hope that I will be able to visit Stamford Bridge one last time to say goodbye to all of you in person. “It has been a privilege of a lifetime to be part of Chelsea FC and I am proud of all our joint achievements. “Chelsea Football Club and its supporters will always be in my heart.”