Chelsea could be sold by the end of this month after their Russian oligarch owner Roman Abramovich put the club on the market following his country’s invasion of Ukraine. And there are apparently more than 20 credible parties interested in launching a takeover bid. Chelsea had been enjoying a fine season under Thomas Tuchel after tasting glory at the Club World Cup last month and gaining a two-goal advantage in the first leg of their last 16 Champions League showdown with Lille. But their season has descended into chaos after Abramovich put the club up for sale. The 55-year-old has been sanctioned by the UK government and had all his assets in the country frozen. Chelsea’s sale was initially put on hold and they had to be granted a special licence to continue playing matches. But Abramovich will now be allowed to offload his prized asset, with the government set to change the terms of the licence, as the funds will be going to a charitable organisation. MUST READ: Man Utd urged to strip Harry Maguire of captaincy by former team-mate  American investment firm Raine Group has been tasked with selling the club on behalf of Abramovich and have had positive conversations with the government. And the deadline for bids has now been extended until Friday. According to the BBC, 20 parties want to get their hands on the club. And the sale could be pushed through in the coming weeks. “The quickest one we've done is 10 days - but that's not to say it can't be beaten,” Premier League chief executive Richard Masters said earlier this month. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message     “Normally it's a matter of weeks but it depends on the complexities and the number of potential owners.” The future of Chelsea is completely up in the air and some players have even reportedly contacted lawyers to explore the possibility of terminating their contracts. And the club’s technical and performance advisor Petr Cech admitted on Sunday that the circumstances at the club were “complicated.” “Sometimes in the careers of the players, the managers come and leave - they sometimes change the owners as we have seen in the past with different clubs,” Cech said.   “We know that we are in the same situation but ours is a lot different in that our circumstances are far more complicated than other clubs have experienced. “We go day by day and hope the new owner will come and will want to continue the legacy of this football club and keep them competitive and to take care of the community and all the other stuff the football club is involved in.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 