The Duke of Cambridge supposedly made the comment during his Caribbean Commonwealth tour alongside wife Kate Middleton. The tour will also take the couple to the Bahamas and Jamaica. William and Kate arrived in the village of Hopkins yesterday and even showed off their dance moves with local children from the Garifuna Cultural Centre. However, during the Duke's visit, William was reportedly asked about a trip made by Prince Harry to Belize. Cynthia Ellis-Topsy, ambassador at large for the Garifuna nation, told PEOPLE magazine: "I said to William that when [his brother] Prince Harry came to Belize he was dancing and didn't need encouragement. "He is a wild card. William laughed and said, 'Harry's not self-conscious'." JUST IN: Prince William fell victim to hilarious prank on the eve of his Royal Wedding to Kate The Duke of Sussex arrived in Belize back in 2012 during a seven-day tour. The visit, which was Harry's first solo overseas voyage, was a part of the Queen's Diamond Jubilee celebrations. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have made the journey to Belize just months after neighbouring Barbados became a republic. But their visit has not been completely plain-sailing. A protest took place which led the couple to axe their scheduled visit to Akte 'il Ha cacao farm in Indian Creek. A Kensington Palace spokeswoman said: "We can confirm that due to sensitive issues involving the community in Indian Creek, the visit has been moved to a different location - further details will be provided in due course." However, one local resident told PEOPLE how the Duke of Cambridge was a natural on the dance floor. Laura Cacho said: "They are an amazing couple and we would love them to come any time with their children Charlotte, George and Louis." DON'T MISS:  Royal LIVE: Oscars threatened with boycott over Meghan and Harry [REVEAL] Sophie Wessex’s ‘disaster’ after marrying into Royal Family [INSIGHT] Queen fights ‘haunting image’ to attend Phillip’s memorial [SPOTLIGHT] She added: "They really know how to dance. "They took the culture from me and I didn't need to teach them. They're so good at it. They were excellent." Prince William's trip to Belize comes 22-years after the Duke visited as a teenager to reportedly learn jungle survival techniques with the Welsh Guards. William, who was just 18 at the time, also found out his A Level results during his gap year visit.