For over a century, International Women's Day has been celebrated annually on March 8 to commemorate the social, economic, cultural, and political achievements of women. This year, Prince William and Kate marked the occasion by honouring an important woman in their lives – the Queen.  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge shared an International Women's Day themed message on Twitter recognising Her Majesty's service, alongside four sweet images featuring the monarch throughout her 70-year reign. The tweet reads: "Her Majesty The Queen celebrates 70 historic years of service in this #PlatinumJubilee year. "On #IWD2022 we celebrate her life which has been dedicated to serving the Commonwealth and its people." The post was met with delight from royal fans, including one called Rachel who wrote: "Beautiful photos".  While another fan added: "Her Majesty is such a remarkable woman and I’m happy to be seeing her reign with my own eyes". A third called Cristina wrote: "She’s one amazing lady who has served her people outstandingly. One of the main reasons I’m proud to be British. With Her Majesty as our head of state, we can hold our head high, Long may she reign God Save Our Queen". While Kim said: "Congratulations on reaching this most wonderful milestone, Your Majesty! You have been a true leader for all these years and we appreciate your service to the Commonwealth!" Among the images shared was a snap of the Queen at Sandringham House, which was released by Buckingham Palace to mark the start of Her Majesty's Platinum Jubilee Year. In the photograph, the smiling 95-year-old monarch is pictured with her papers, famously delivered to her in a red box, placed on a table in front of her. READ MORE: Princess Diana ‘broke royal tradition’ with choice of engagement ring Poignantly nearby is an image of her late father King George VI. The photo was taken at her Sandringham estate where in past years she has traditionally spent Accession Day, where seventy years ago on February 6 the king died and his daughter, aged just 25, became Queen. Another image dates from 1977 when the monarch celebrated her Silver Jubilee. The photograph shows the Queen walking to the Guildhall for a city luncheon after a service to commemorate her Silver Jubilee was held at St Paul's Cathedral, London. A third snap shows Prince William alongside his wife and grandmother and was taken at the Chelsea Flower Show in 2019. The snap shows the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge giving the monarch a guided tour around the special garden Kate had created for the occasion. William and Kate were pointing out key features of the display including a hand-built treehouse and a rope swing. The fourth image shows the Queen with her late husband Prince Philip and their great-grandchildren. MORE TO FOLLOW 