FIFA announced yesterday that it has suspended Russia from international football after the country invaded Ukraine last week. In a joint statement with UEFA, European football’s governing body, FIFA said: “FIFA and UEFA have today decided together that all Russian teams, whether national representative teams or club teams, shall be suspended from participation in both FIFA and UEFA competitions until further notice.” FIFA had initially ruled that next month’s World Cup play-off between Russia and Poland would go ahead but at a neutral venue and with no spectators. Russia were also set to play under the name “Football Union of Russia (RFU)”. This response received condemnation, including from Conservative MP Damian Green, who told Express.co.uk that the measures were a "cop out". Mr Green, a member of the Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee, said: "I think that is unbelievably feeble and taking the example of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) that allows Russia, despite all of the doping scandals, to participate in games as long as they are called the Russian Olympic Committee (ROC). "It's exactly the same cop out that the IOC went for. I think it's just unacceptable in the current climate. “I hope other countries follow the example of the English FA and more importantly the Polish FA in saying we won't play them. "That essentially dares FIFA to say 'ok we will award games to Russia'. That would mean the World Cup wouldn't be played, I would very much hope that other countries that have qualified wouldn't participate in a World Cup with Russia." Asked if Russia should be banned, Mr Green responded: "Yes, a country that wages war against another country can't be allowed to have normal sport. "That would be the kind of symbolic gesture that would bring home to the Russian people that their government is driving them away from normal life and the big events in international sport. "It's pretty shameful for FIFA that they have not come to that conclusion when F1 instantly decided that the Russian Grand Prix couldn't take place." While FIFA’s latest decision was welcomed, many felt it came too late and only after intense pressure. FIFA's more severe punishment of Russia came after UEFA stripped St Petersburg of the Champions League final in May. READ MORE: Liverpool star Diogo Jota sides with Anthony Elanga after penalty miss  Spartak Moscow were removed from the Europa League with RB Leipzig advancing to the quarter-finals, while UEFA also terminated a sponsorship deal worth £33.5million a year with Russian energy company Gazprom Formula 1 has also cancelled the Russian Grand Prix in September. The IOC recommended similar bans be introduced by all sports, with the possible exception of the Winter Paralympics, due to the proximity of the Games, which begin in Beijing on Friday. Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich has also been in the spotlight in recent days. He announced last week that he will be passing on the "stewardship" of the club to the trustees of the club’s charitable foundation. He remains the owner. However, he has faced allegations of having close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin, something spokespeople of the Chelsea owner have previously denied on his behalf. DON'T MISS Robert Lewandowski issues statement as Poland refuse to play Russia [INSIGHT] Online sports games like FIFA and F1 help kids develop key skills [ANALYSIS] Manchester United striker Mason Greenwood removed from Fifa 22 [INSIGHT] Last week, the Labour MP Chris Bryant used parliamentary privilege to say that Mr Abramovich was identified by the Home Office in 2019 as having links to the Russian state as well as to “corrupt activity and practices”. Mr Abramovich is now reportedly mediating over the Russian invasion of Ukraine, although his spokesperson has acknowledged he would have “limited” influence. His spokesperson said: “I can confirm that Roman Abramovich was contacted by the Ukrainian side for support in achieving a peaceful resolution, and that he has been trying to help ever since. “Considering what is at stake, we would ask for your understanding as to why we have not commented on neither the situation as such nor his involvement.”