Spain is one of the most popular destinations for British expats. Many expats flock to southern regions to enjoy year-round good weather. A new report by Idealista, property experts in Spain, has named the country’s cheapest cities for houses. The most affordable place for Britons to buy a house in Spain is the suburb of El Carmen in Huelva. Property in El Carmen cost an average price of just 566 euros (£475) per square metre. Located in southwestern Spain, Huelva has a population of just under 150,000 residents. READ MORE: Beautiful Greek holiday destinations face damaging erosion The port city has a charming old town and is close to beautiful Costa de la Luz beaches. The exciting city is famed for its cuisine and was named as the Gastronomic capital of Spain in 2017. The second cheapest area to buy a house in Spain was named as the suburb of La Chanca in Almeria. In southeastern Spain, Almeria has many incredible sights but is not yet a popular spot with British tourists. Property in Almeria costs an average of 620 euros (£521) per square metre, according to idealista data. Visitors to Almeria can explore the incredible Alcazaba fortress and the Tabernas Desert. Sunshine loving British expats could opt for Almeria as it is one of the driest places in Europe and barely ever sees rain. The region is also a popular film location with huge films including Laurence of Arabia filmed in the area. The third cheapest spot for British expats was located in the popular British destination of Alicante. Property in La Virgen de los Remedios in Alicante costs a bargain price of just 677 euros (£569) per square metre. The popular neighbourhood is located on the outskirts of Alicante and expats won’t be far from the beach. While resorts in Alicante province are very popular with British tourists, the city of Alicante sees fewer visitors. British expats in Alicante city will be able to enjoy traditional Spanish life and tourist amenities. The charming suburb is also home to the Parc Lo Morant, a lively park which includes an amphitheatre. Torreblanca in Sevilla, Esperanza in Almeria, Magraners in Lleida and La Magdalena in Jaen were also named as some of the cheapest areas for British expats to buy a house. Property prices have decreased over the last month by 0.3 percent across Spain while experts say now is a good time to sell.