While Queen Elizabeth II primarily resides in Buckingham Palace, an eye-watering £2.2billion mansion complete with 775 rooms, she frequently takes trips to Scotland, where she resides in Balmoral or her official residence, the Palace of Holyroodhouse. The Palace of Holyroodhouse is steeped in history, founded almost 1,000 years ago as a monastery in 1128. Over time it contained royal chambers for use of the sovereign, and James VI converted this into a wholly royal residence in 1503. According to the Royal Collection Trust, “virtually nothing survives today of the early Palace buildings”. It is located at the end of the Royal Mile in Edinburgh. READ MORE: Queen drives to meet Kate and Beatrice at Frogmore House - inside home As it is open to the public, tourists and the people of Scotland can catch a glimpse of royal life, but particularly during national celebrations. Unsurprisingly, a display for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee will take place at the palace on the designated bank holiday, July 3, 2022. The monarch makes an appearance at The Palace of Holyroodhouse annually from the end of June to the beginning of July. In the ‘Holyrood Week’ of engagement, Queen Elizabeth II commemorates and honours Scottish culture, history and achievement. The Queen, previously accompanied by her late husband Prince Philip, hosts around 8,000 guests from all walks of Scottish life during this special week. This tradition began with King George V and Queen Mary in 1910. An Investiture is held in the great Gallery, and recognises Scots who have made a significant contribution to their society. One of the nation’s favourite journalists and TV presenters, Lorraine Kelly, was the recipient of such an honour in 2021. One of the most fascinating aspects of the Scottish palace is the gardens. The Royal Collection Trust stated: “When James IV built the first royal palace in 1503 and Holyroodhouse became the main royal residence in Scotland, the gardens were the setting for tournaments, hunting, hawking and archery. “There was even a tennis court and a menagerie with a range of animals, including lions, tigers and bears.” While the grounds now are much tamer, the 10-acre palace gardens are far from drab. It is home to manicured gardens, a large castle yard, ornate fountain and memorial statue to Edward VII. The palace itself is predictably regal, yet warm and homely. Guests can find a dining room that seats 30, complete with bright walls, a red carpet, chandeliers and paintings. A larger room where the Queen takes visitors boats two maroon suede chairs, a blue and red patterned carpet, huge paintings and a fireplace. The wide staircases and hallways are flanked with intricate and elaborate artworks against cream coloured walls. Its value is uncertain, but with the Royal Family’s net worth estimated at $88billion (around £73billion), the Palace of Holyroodhouse likely costs a large sum.