Over the years the Kremlin has repeatedly referred to the Ukrainian authorities as neo-Nazis to undermine them in the public eye, and state TV consistently repeats this line. They’ve even alleged that the Ukrainian forces are conducting extrajudicial killings of civilians. Although state TV is where most Russian people get their news, oppositional views have still been available via some independent news outlets that were still permitted to operate in Russia, including the famous ‘Echo of Moscow’ radio station, and the newspaper Novaya Gazeta, whose editor-in-chief, Dmitry Muratov, won the Nobel peace prize last year. The Kremlin is clearly getting worried about the possibility of the truth getting through. Echo of Moscow has been taken off the air for the first time since the collapse of the USSR.  It’s much easier for us to get a comprehensive and accurate picture here in the UK because our mainstream media all want to provide as much information as possible about what is going on and we also have unrestricted access to social media. Of course, there’s a risk that some fakes go viral, too, but overall, we can compare these different sources to work out a pretty representative picture. That’s not the case in Russia. The Russian government partially restricted access to some social networks which had been fact-checking or restricting Russian state media, but it’s not just a matter of access. Years of government propaganda and high levels of political apathy have taken their toll. People will often cling to the simplest explanation of what is going on – that the Kremlin’s protecting the people of Donbas from fascists and that the evidence of attacks on civilian targets are either fake news, are atrocities or provocations committed by Ukraine. With more information trickling through about what’s really going on, Russian domestic TV is in a sticky position of working out ‘when is a war not a war’. The clear answer is that for state TV, it’s whatever it has to be at a particular moment to shield the Kremlin from the consequences of its actions at home. The Russian regime has increasingly been restricting its internet space in recent years - and its media regulator Roskomnadzor, which, unlike ours, is not independent - has basically been a tool to help achieve this. Since last year, anyone making or sharing criticism of Russia’s military or security services can be designated a foreign agent. This legislation is coming into its own now, because anyone sharing anti-war sentiments can fall foul of it.If you had asked me last week, I would have told you that Russia’s media space is restricted and manipulated, but not subject to the full-scale censorship we see in China. With what we’ve seen in the past few days, that situation is rapidly changing.