I'm Sorry I Haven't A Clue debuted half a century ago this month on BBC Radio Four. Created as a reaction to more serious quizzes like University Challenge and Mastermind, the show has consistently failed over the last 50 years to ever award points, take itself seriously or have a live audience that wasn't absolutely enraptured by the silliness of its astonishing cast of guests, which have included John Cleese, Kenny Everett, Bill Oddie, Stephen Fry, Rory Bremner and Victoria Wood among many others. And nobody has appeared on the show for longer than Graeme Garden. In fact, were it not for the former medical student and one third of The Goodies, I'm Sorry I Haven't A Clue, which still pulls in two-and-a-half-million listeners a week on Radio 4 and BBC Sounds, wouldn't have existed at all. "Yes, I suppose I am responsible for the whole thing," admits Graeme, now 79 and still an occasional panellist on the programme as well as continuing to be a regular behind-the-scenes joke writer for the show. "Bill Oddie and I were doing a sketch show called I'm Sorry I'll Read That Again but we were finding writing sketch shows for radio wasn't nearly as well paid as writing sketch shows for TV like The Goodies. "As a bit of a time-saving device we thought it would be fun to get the team to do an improvised quiz show without any script at all." The result, in April 1972, was a quiz, dubbed "the antidote to panel games", that created as much bewilderment as it did amusement among early audiences and team members, many of whom, as Graeme freely admits, weren't really entirely sure what was going on at all. "John Cleese was in the very first series but he really didn't enjoy doing it at all," recalls Graeme. "He's someone who works best with a script, which he will refine and revise eight or nine times. "Working without a script and being completely impromptu wasn't really his thing at all and I remember in one early show he got so annoyed with the whole thing that he dumped a glass of water over his microphone!" For the uninitiated, I'm Sorry I Haven't A Clue revolves around bizarre, entirely random rounds of challenges whereby the guests have to do anything from sing one song to the melody of another or create puns on random topics such as renaming films, for example, after dogs - creating titles such as "50 Shades of Greyhound" and "The Postman Always Tastes Nice". Perhaps the most surreal element of the show is Mornington Crescent - a "cryptic" brain teaser that has absolutely no rules whatsoever. Most rounds of the quiz involve members of each team engaging in mock deep thought as, slowly, in the manner of chess players, they think of names of London tube stations. Eventually, one will say "Mornington Crescent" to wild applause for having "solved" the completely fictitious puzzle. For the last half century, the BBC has received letters and emails from new listeners demanding to know what the "rules" are to the quiz. Proof indeed that not everyone who listens to Radio 4 is in possession of a sense of humour. The formula has become a cult hit with audiences both at home and in theatres across the country where the show has been recorded in an "on-tour" style for the last 15 years after many decades of recording in the BBC's Paris and Playhouse studios in London. But the show, as innocent and silly as it likes to project itself, hasn't been entirely immune from serious criticism over the decades. "Actually there were quite a few complaints a while back over Samantha," Graeme admits, referring to the always-silent and actually non-existent "glamorous assistant" to the chairman of the quiz (formerly the late jazz trumpeter Humphrey Lyttelton and now Jack Dee) who is often referred to in an innuendo-laden and rather less than politically correct manner. "Samantha tells me she has to nip out to help an old man next door who has trouble using his stair lift," Lyttelton once told the audience, by way of example. "She goes in every night to put him on downstairs, and then pulls him off on the landing." The addition of Sven as a male (but equally silent) assistant has helped stop accusations of sexism but Graeme insists the show has evolved by much more than mere comic tokenism. "We have so many more female comedians on the show now. There are just so many more brilliant women comedians at the moment, though even back in the very first series we had Jo Kendall on as a regular member." Graeme is the last surviving member of the "classic" line-up that included himself, Tim Brooke-Taylor, Barry Cryer and Willie Rushton, with Lyttelton as chair, that became so familiar through the 1980s. Though he admits that one of his favourite guests was one who was very unsure about being on the programme at all. "Victoria Wood was absolutely fantastic every time she appeared," recalls Graeme. "Though she very nearly didn't do it. She'd previously been on Just A Minute [the other long-running Radio 4 panel show where guests famously talk without hesitation, repetition or deviation for 60 seconds on a random topic] but she had a really unpleasant time there. It's a very different quiz, much more fierce and competitive, and so Victoria decided she didn't want to do any more shows like that. "We had to reassure her that we're a much more friendly crowd on I'm Sorry I Haven't A Clue and it's a much more relaxed atmosphere. So she did it and was just absolutely fantastically funny." Incredibly, during its half-century run, the only time the show came close to being cancelled was as a result of doubt within the team itself as to whether they should carry on at all after the death of Humphrey Lyttelton, aged 86, in 2008. "He'd been in the chair for 36 years and we really weren't sure what we should do" "It was not an easy decision. We basically took an entire year off and, really, the reason we came back was because of the amount of letters the BBC received asking for us to return." "We had a few different hosts when we made some new shows. Stephen Fry, Rob Brydon and Jack Dee all hosted a few episodes and Jack emerged as being the one to take over full time." He sheer longevity and massive popularity of the show suggests it will continue to be an all but bombproof part of the BBC Radio 4's schedules - a description that has a very literal interpretation. This is due to the long-standing rumour the BBC has placed episodes of I'm Sorry I Haven't A Clue in a bunker, to be played in the event of nuclear war when all normal programming being suspended. "I've heard that rumour too and I do hope it might be true," concludes Graeme. "I like to think that, in a future time of Armageddon, the first thing we'll hear when we can get a radio frequency won't be news bulletins but a sketch of Barry Cryer playing a kazoo. That sums up the absurdity of the programme to perfection."