Before you put your house on the market, you need to give it a bit of a makeover. We’re not talking about fancy extensions and spending thousands of pounds, there are a few simple things you could do to prep your home for those valuing it and any potential buyers. If potential buyers can’t imagine themselves living in your home, they’re very unlikely to go through with the purchase. So, try to ensure that your home is as welcoming as possible before booking viewings. Express.co.uk chatted to the interior experts at www.Hillarys.co.uk to find out the six ways to make your home look the best it possibly can. Although it might seem obvious, try to make your house feel as homely as possible for your first valuation and before any potential buyers take a look around. The experts said: “Adding comfy touches around the house will make it easier for potential buyers to imagine themselves living there. “Homely additions could include photos and artwork, magnets on the fridge, or colourful and unique textiles.” READ MORE- Mrs Hinch cleaning fans on how to get rid of window condensation Utilising natural light will not only make the room look more appealing, but will also make the room look a lot bigger. The interior experts advised: “Before anyone comes to view your house, make sure you open all the curtains and replace any broken blinds that don’t open fully. “Also, if you’re hosting a viewing during the evening, ensure you have fixed any broken light bulbs, so you can fully illuminate the rooms.” Even though you might think that small jobs around the house aren’t noticeable or important, potential buyers and those valuing the house will be able to spot any unfinished DIY from a mile away. The team at Hillarys said: “Before you book in for your first valuation, ensure that you’ve fixed any small holes and repainted any areas that need a touch-up so that your house doesn’t have any visible, aesthetic faults.” Make sure you tidy up your house as much as possible before the first valuation. Specifically, the experts said: “Run your vacuum around and make sure that there’s no rubbish on the floors. “Ensure that your bins aren’t overflowing and that you’ve put the dirty and clean washing away. “Pay extra attention to your bathroom and kitchen; shiny sinks and spotless countertops can really help to sell these rooms, which are often top of the list of priorities for buyers.” DON'T MISS...How to keep rats out of your garden - five key steps [INFORMER]Will house prices continue to soar? When will property be affordable? [INSIGHT]House-proud Brits spend 10 whole days a year cleaning their homes [EXPLAINER] The garden can be a massive selling point for potential buyers and can dramatically increase the value of your home. Make sure that your garden isn’t covered in weeds and quickly go over the grass with a lawnmower, the experts warned. They added: “Remember to replace any broken fencing before you book in for your first valuation.”