Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has praised striker Alexandre Lacazette for his form recently, with the Spaniard refusing to rule out a new contract for the Frenchman. Lacazette, 30, joined Arsenal in 2017 from Lyon for a fee of around £53million. The Frenchman instantly hit the ground running, scoring 14 goals in 32 games in his first season in the famous red shirt. However, he has failed to kick on in recent years and has scored just three goals in 20 Premier League outings this season - his worst tally in any season since 2012-13. With his contract up in the summer, it was thought that Lacazette may depart the club on a free transfer having been linked to teams such as Atletico Madrid. But the star's solid performances as of late have given Arteta food for thought - with the Spanish manager revealing contract talks will open at the end of the season. “I think he’s had really good moments in terms of goal-scoring records," Arteta said of Lacazette. "Probably better than what he’s doing right now, but for what we ask of him and for what I ask of him and the contribution that I need from him, I think he’s doing really, really well.” “It is the case.  "I said to you, at the end of the season where we know where we are, we’ll sit down with those three players [out-of-contract] and between all of us, we’ll decide what we do to move forward.” Lacazette produced a superb performance in the 3-2 win over Watford on Sunday, registering two assists to help the Gunners on their way to fourth-place in the table. Arteta's men now sit one point above Manchester United and have three games in hand on the Red Devils. Those games could prove vital in Arsenal qualifying for their first Champions League season since 2016-16. But Arteta says his side can become even better, with 'lots to improve' still. "It is very pleasing. We know how difficult it is to be in this position in this league. We've earned it; we have come a long way as a team," Arteta said after the win. "We had great attacking moments, but I wasn't pleased with our organisation. "We didn't dominate and play the way we wanted. Credit to Watford, but a lot of it was down to us; we should have done better and there is a lot to improve."