Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel could ‘realistically’ be persuaded to take the vacant Manchester United job in the summer, Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher has insisted. Tuchel’s future, along with many of his Blues squad, is unclear following government-imposed sanctions on Roman Abramovich. The oligarch was sanctioned on Thursday due to his alleged links to Russian president Vladimir Putin. Abramovich’s assets have been frozen and he is banned from completing transactions in the UK. Those restrictions have had major implications for Chelsea, who Abramovich purchased in 2003. The Premier League club are unable to sell tickets or merchandise and are effectively under a transfer ban. It was widely reported on Friday that the club’s bank account was frozen. They are also unable to offer new contracts. Tuchel and several Chelsea players have been linked with a departure. The German, who has won the Champions League and the Club World Cup during his 14 months in charge, has been suggested as a possible new Man Utd boss.   JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo in Man Utd rallying cry after Tottenham win The Red Devils will appoint a permanent head coach in the summer when Ralf Rangnick steps aside from his interim post. And Sky Sports pundit Carragher believes Tuchel switching London for Manchester is a realistic prospect. "That is up to Manchester United I suppose,” the former England defender said. “But the situation Chelsea find themselves in, other top clubs will be looking at the manager and players going forward. "He is one of the best managers in world football and Manchester United are looking for one. I think he has come out and said he is fully committed to the club but that situation could change with the new ownership as the season goes on." Abramovich put Chelsea up for sale prior to being sanctioned. That sale can still go ahead with government intervention, while Abramovich will not be able to profit. On Friday, Tuchel, who has a contract until 2024, ominously conceded that he cannot give assurances over his future. However, he insisted he remains committed to a club now far different to the one he joined in January 2021. “I cannot predict the future. Right now my future is until Sunday, actually, and since Thursday, even more so,” Tuchel said. “So let’s go day by day. There’s no other solution at the moment.” “First of all, I like where I am, because I appreciate the value it has to be in a club with a mentality that fits so good to my mentality,” the 48-year-old later added.   DON'T MISS...Chelsea and Newcastle fans clash outside Stamford BridgeMan Utd icon Roy Keane explains why Cristiano Ronaldo was 'angry'Man Utd target Erik ten Hag has made plan for Ralf Rangnick “I appreciate the amount and quality of support I’ve found in this club. “There I feel very privileged and very lucky. I know how much I need this to be the best version of myself. It has big, big value. “I never had in any contract that I can spend this amount of money, or that amount of money, that I need this player. I never did this in any club. “I trust myself also to adapt to a lot of situations. I trust my ability to influence teams. I’m happy to be part of that big team at Cobham and at Chelsea. “I’m still very, very happy, and I hope it will not change.”