Emmerdale newcomer Marcus Dean (played by Darcy Grey) has certainly ruffled a few feathers since he made his debut in the ITV soap. However, when residents found out he was villain Pierce Harris' (Jonathan Wrather) son, people struggled to trust him. Marcus arrived in the village after he was tracked down by Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry) who told him that his imprisoned dad was dying. Although, following the death of his father, he had no reason to stay in the village until he met Ethan Anderson (Emile John). The pair instantly had a connection from the moment they first met, but it's safe to say not many people are pleased about the pair's potential romance. During Monday's double bill, Marcus told Ethan he was leaving after the vicar's son said he had tried to call him. "I can't do this anymore," Marcus admitted. "It's time I moved on." "You're leaving?" Ethan asked as Marcus replied: "Dad's will has been read, everything is in hand, no reason to hang around." READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series  However, as Marcus was about to leave in his car, Ethan tried to stop him. "Marcus, maybe I (over) reacted," he admitted. "I am allowed a private life after all." "I really like you," Ethan added as Marcus said: "I really like you too, but I am sorry I don't do second chances." Ethan watched on as Marcus drove away, but the vicar's son wasn't about to give up on his love interest. During Wednesday's Emmerdale, Ethan encountered an awkward moment with Rhona and Marlon in the cafe. As he walked through the door, he said: "I'll just grab a coffee back home." "No, don't. Don't," Rhona insisted. "Don't leave on our account. "Look, this is a small village and we can't be dancing around each other. I am just sorry you got dragged into this at all." "It's done with now," Marlon chipped in. "Hopefully we can all put it all behind us and move on." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street heartache as Summer Spellman destroys Amy's romance? [SPOILERS]Vera's Aiden Healy details struggles of filming series with Brenda [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Neville betrays the Commissioner after romance [VIDEO] "I am not sure I want to," Ethan admitted. "Me and Marcus, there is something there." Rhona replied: "I can't give you my approval or my permission or whatever it is you're after here. "Whatever happens to me, affects my whole family so I need to discuss it with them first." "It's not down to me to tell you who to fall in love with," Marlon explained. Ethan laughed: "No one said anything about the L-word, I just felt like we had a connection and believe it or not, I don't connect with many people that easily." "When you know, you know," Rhona added as she looked lovingly at Marlon. The chef continued: "Listen, if you have found somebody you can trust and that you can build a life with, you've got to go for it and don't let anyone else get in your way." Elsewhere in the episode, Rhona told Kim Tate (Claire King) she didn't need to worry about Marcus because he was moving on. However, with his dad's funeral looming, the newcomer could come back for that and to see Ethan. Although, with Ethan confessing his feelings about Marcus, will the newcomer persuade his love to leave the village for good so they can start a new life together? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.