Kate Middleton's skin is bright and ethereal, with the Duchess embracing natural beauty. Beauty expert Sophie has praised Kate's skin. She said: "Kate Middleton still has gorgeous glowing skin." How can someone get a glow like Kate's? Beauty entrepreneur and model Sophie Hughes, founder of glowb told all. One thing key to the Duchess's glow is moisture. Sophie said: "You don’t want to strip the skin of vital moisture and oils. "I would lean towards promoting cell renewal and collagen production to achieve that youthful glow." READ MORE: 'Gorgeous glowing skin': Kate Middleton skin secrets - busy mum-of-three 'looks amazing' So, how does the beauty expert suggest you do this? She said: "Start with a gentle gel cleanser that includes antioxidant and gentle exfoliating ingredients to remove any dead cells and reveal a brighter complexion." Adding a serum to your routine will also help boost moisture for a glow like Kate's. "When looking for a serum, make it work harder with a cocktail of ingredients to tackle multiple concerns," Sophie said. One such ingredient coming highly recommended by the expert was niacinamide. DON'T MISSInfluencer Molly-Mae has a 'full beard' after beauty treatment [SHOCK] Meghan Markle-inspired face tattoos 'most requested' look [EXPERT] How to wash curly hair - viral sensation's 10 product method [INSIGHT] Niacinamide is a form of vitamin B known for smoothing out the complexion. Sophie said: "Niacinamide effectively reduces blemishes and redness. "Vitamin C is an amazing skin brightener, and as we enter our 40s, can help in preventing dark spots, fine lines, and support collagen all partnered with hyaluronic acid for added hydration." Lastly, protect from the sun to age like Kate. Sophie said: "The sun is one of the biggest aggressors when it comes to our skin it’s important that high factor SPF is worn daily to protect our skin from premature ageing, fine lines, wrinkles, and age spots." Sophie suggested some of the products from her vegan, clean beauty brand. She suggests the glowb “Dirtier the Better” cleanser, packed with pumpkin fruit filtrate, linoleic acid, and Vitamin E which releases trapped bacteria and enhances cell renewal. For a dose of niacinamide and Vitamin C, she suggests Hyaluronic + Chill (RRP £29.95), which contains hydrating hyaluronic acid, niacinamide, and orange blossom water (Vitamin C). Kate is said to include a number of tried and tested skincare hacks in her routine. The first is a simple flannel. The royal's makeup artist claimed the Duchess uses a flannel to wash her face. Kate's wedding day makeup artist Arabelle Preston swears by using a flannel to cleanse.  As well as a detailed skincare routine, the Duchess has mastered natural makeup. Danielle Maisano-Garcia, aka Dani, is a trained, professional makeup artist. She discussed Kate Middleton's makeup look. She told Express.co.uk: "Simplicity is key for Kate Middleton. "She always keeps her look more natural with well-groomed brows, satin skin, rosy cheeks, and hydrated lips."