Former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan has taken to Twitter to slam the UK's "terrible mistake" of allowing Russia to take Ukraine. The outspoken personality, 56, questioned when the West will "stand up" to Putin, following the news that his forces have "taken full control over Ukraine's Kherson region". Earlier today, the former Life Stories host shared a post from the Metro which claimed that Russian forces have "taken full control over Ukraine's Kherson region". Sharing the post, Piers simply wrote: "Putin's winning". Soon after, the star responded to a tweet from Daily Mail. The publication wrote that Boris Johnson had "admitted the West made a 'terrible mistake' by letting Vladimir Putin annex Crimea". READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married? Earlier today, the former Life Stories host shared a post from the Metro which claimed that Russian forces have "taken full control over Ukraine's Kherson region". Sharing the post, Piers simply wrote: "Putin's winning". Soon after, the star responded to a tweet from Daily Mail. The publication wrote that Boris Johnson had "admitted the West made a 'terrible mistake' by letting Vladimir Putin annex Crimea". @DWillis97 chipped in: "Far from winning Piers. He's lost all of his best assets and still not taken key areas. He barely has any SF left." (sic) However, others disagreed with the star. Twitter user @cheryldcharles added: "There are no winners in war!" @micknmzzer wrote: "Russia and Ukraine are so intertwined that no one wins, it's a similar situation to our northern Ireland, it can't be solved by force neither from Putin or from the west, the social division in the former Soviet Union could take generations to fix or can never be fixed." (sic) DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty congratulates BBC co-stars on big personal announcement [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis issues warning after addressing 'dangerous' issue[ANALYSIS]Bill Bailey admits he was forced to do Strictly due to money woes [UPDATE] Piers' comments come after he denounced critics of The Power of the Dog director Jane Campion, after she made a "thoughtless" comment during her acceptance speech at the Critics' Choice Awards on Sunday. Jane faced the outrage of social media users after she told legendary tennis sisters Venus and Serena Williams that they “don't play against the guys like she has to” while accepting her award. Reacting to the news she had now apologised for her remarks, Piers tweeted: “It was a joke. “Why is she apologising? God, the humour cops are so b****y exhausting.” Other Twitter users agreed with the former Good Morning Britain, stressing that Jane did not intend to offend anyone with her remark. Morm333 said: “OMG, I’m sure it was a tongue in cheek comment! It’s called humour." However, Berhtwald1 tweeted: “She's apologizing because that's what decent ppl do when they make a mistake.” (sic) Jane issued an apology as she backtracked on her remarks during a statement to Deadline, admitting she had been "thoughtless" and adding she never meant to "devalue" the Williams sisters' achievements.