It is no secret that Arsenal were keen to sign a striker in the January transfer window. However, despite the departure of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah being out of contract at the end of the season, there were no new arrivals in the attacking department. The Gunners were linked with several forwards, including Everton’s Dominic Calvert-Lewin, but they only had one striker on their mind – Dusan Vlahovic. The Serbian was in flying form at Fiorentina and perfectly fitted the mould of what Mikel Arteta was looking for, being 22 and destined to improve with time like the rest of the Arsenal squad. But, despite ongoing interest from the North London outfit, Vlahovic chose to remain in the Serie A and joined Juventus. The striker had previously said that he wanted to remain in Italy but that wasn’t enough for Arsenal to turn their attention elsewhere, and it was a decision that cost them in the end. JUST IN: Arteta justifies Arsenal risk after Keown blasted 'unnecessary' deal Although the Gunners are sitting in the fourth spot in the Premier League and looked destined to finish fourth, the addition of another striker certainly won’t have gone a miss for the Gunners. And Arteta can’t afford to be patient in his pursuit of Napoli’s Fabian Ruiz. According to the Corriere dello Sport, the Spanish midfielder favours signing for either Real Madrid or Barcelona but would be willing to make a move to a Premier League side if neither side come forward with interest. Of course, that isn’t a ‘no’ for the Arsenal, but it begs the question, can they afford to sit around and wait to be a potential third choice destination? DON'T MISS Aubameyang equals Zlatan Ibrahimovic record as Arsenal exit questioned Mikel Arteta piles pressure on Arsenal stars in Champions League claim Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has unusual tactic to predict VAR outcome  Arsenal are prioritising signing a no.8 this summer in order to form their ideal, balanced midfield. The good form of Thomas Partey, being deployed as a no.6, means that there is the opportunity for a player to come in and displace Granit Xhaka – who Jose Mourinho’s Roma are expected to be interested in, again. Albert Sambi Lokonga, 22, may be deemed too inexperienced to play week-in, week-out and thus would provide good depth from off of the bench when called upon. However, the Belgium international could be thrown into the deep end if the Gunners decide that they want to wait until the dying embers of the summer to try and get a move for Ruiz over the line once it is clear that the two La Liga giants are not interested in his services.   Arteta has hardly put a foot wrong since taking over in the Emirates Stadium dugout but his biggest mistake, to date, was being so persistent with Vlahovic and refusal to read the clear signs that the player was not going to be Premier League-bound. If the Gunners are going to make that mistake again then it could seriously hinder their upwards trajectory, as their team at the moment look capable of progressing and potentially mounting a title charge in the near future. If Arteta deems the Ruiz move off of the table then he may reignite his interest in Brighton and Hove Albion midfielder Yves Bissouma or Leicester City’s Youri Tielemans – who are both out of contract at their respective clubs in 2023. Napoli are reportedly looking for £25million for Ruiz which is certainly within budget, but Arsenal must be considerate of their previous errors rather than having both eyes set on a bargain.