Jamie Carragher slammed Everton's defence in a damning rant during their 5-0 defeat at Tottenham Hotspur on Monday night. Relegation fears are growing amongst Everton fans as Frank Lampard's side failed to score for a third successive Premier League game. After a somewhat positive start in north London, Michael Keane's own-goal followed by a Heung-min Son strike moments later gave the hosts a 2-0 lead after 17 minutes. Harry Kane added a third before half-time before Sergio Reguilon scored less than a minute after replacing Ryan Sessegnon at the break. Everton remained on the back foot from then, and Kane netted his second of the night in spectacular fashion to complete the scoring before the hour-mark. It was another worrying reminder of the trouble Lampard's side find themselves in as they continue to struggle to make an impact in the final third and leak goals in their own. JUST IN: Jamie Carragher reveals what next Man Utd dressing room leak could be During Monday Night Football at half-time, Carragher labelled Everton's defence as a 'Championship back four' in a sharp evaluation. He told Sky Sports: "They [Everton] started okay in the first 10 minutes and were putting pressure on Spurs. "But when you talk about a team being too good to go down, that is because you maybe look at Everton's strikers, but this back four is a Championship back four. There is no doubt about it." Carragher cut deeper and aimed further criticism at Everton's recruitment based on the fact that Seamus Coleman continues to start. READ MORE: Rangnick's view on squad could still save Man Utd from £100m signing The 33-year-old is in his 13th season with the Toffees and will be remembered as one of the club's best Premier League defenders, but he showcased another dismal performance against Tottenham. "Seamus Coleman, I actually feel sorry for," Carragher explained. "He has been a great servant for Everton but people are getting in behind him far too much, and that comes down to Everton's recruitment." Before kick-off, Carragher said: "The big problem for them is the away form, and this goes back way before Frank Lampard was in charge. It goes back a long time. "But Frank's two away games do not look good. They have not played the big hitters but have played both Newcastle and Southampton. "You could argue when looking at the expected goals they are a little unlucky, but their away form has to improve quickly if they are to get away from the relegation zone. Following their latest heavy defeat, Everton remain just one point outside of the relegation in 17th, with a game in hand over Burnley in 18th. However, the Clarets now have a better goal difference as pressure increases on Lampard to secure survival. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.