Peaky Blinders is the award-winning period drama that BBC viewers haven't been able to get enough of for the past nine years. Brummie gangster Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) is a tortured soul who has been at the brunt of making difficult decisions and heading up money-making schemes, as he remains haunted by the loss of his first wife Grace Shelby (Annabelle Wallis). Another tragedy struck in Tommy's life in season six, episode three with another unforeseen death. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Peaky Blinders. Tommy and Lizzie Shelby's (Natasha O'Keeffe) daughter Ruby became sick in the premiere episode of season six. Doctors were quick to diagnose her with Consumption, also known as Tuberculosis, which spread to both her lungs very quickly. Tommy believed it was down to a gypsy curse that he thought had been placed upon the sapphire which Grace was wearing on the night she was murdered. He went in search of the gypsy who could help him reverse it and hoped he stopped the curse for good but when he showed up at the hospital, it was too late as Ruby had died. Now, it seems as if Tommy has finally run out of luck after receiving a devastating diagnosis from his GP. READ MORE: Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show   When Ruby went into hospital, the rest of the Shelby family were tested to see if she had spread the condition to any of her loved ones. While they didn't find any other cases of Tuberculosis, the doctors did find something else from Tommy's blood test which Dr Holford (Aneurin Barnard) needed to tell the gangster about in person. He explained that Tommy had Tuberculoma which is caused by the same bacteria as TB and so may have picked it up from his daughter. But as Dr Holford continued to elaborate, things for Tommy started to look even bleaker.  Prior to showing up at the Shelby household, the doctor spoke to some of the best surgeons in the country who said it would be "futile" to operate. While his condition isn't infectious, his mental and physical abilities will weaken and he is eventually going to need assistance 24/7. When Tommy asked how long he had until he died, Dr Holford speculated somewhere between one year and 18 months. So yes, it looks like Tommy is dying but whether he will go because of the disease or by his own hand before growing too ill, remains to be seen. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? [THEORY]What happened to Malva Christie’s mother in Outlander? [EXPLAINER]Peaky Blinders season 6 episode 4 cast: Who guest stars? [CAST] Tuberculoma is a serious form of TB, which is caused by the same bacteria as the condition. It is a growth that resembles a tumour in the brain so has sometimes led to misdiagnosis. In Peaky Blinders, Dr Holford went on to list some symptoms Tommy may have already been experiencing. These included seizures, bouts of weakness and hallucinations which have all happened at some point in the recent series.   After Dr Holford had left, Tommy hid the heartbreaking news from his wife, saying that he was just an accountant. As she left the room, Tommy whispered to himself: "Not the devil, just an ordinary man". He then envisioned he heard Aunt Polly's (Helen McCrory) voice telling him there will be "a war in this family", but will it be over what happens to the Shelby empire after Tommy's death? Peaky Blinders continues every Sunday at 9pm on BBC One. 