Gary Neville has insisted that Manchester United may have a number of problems to solve behind closed doors following Sunday's humbling defeat at the hands of Manchester City. The Red Devils were firmly second-best throughout the encounter and never looked like taking the points against the defending Premier League champions, who managed to take control of the contest early on. Kevin De Bruyne opened the scoring inside five minutes for City before Jadon Sancho hit back with United's equaliser midway through the first period.However, the visitors only managed to remain on level terms for six minutes before De Bruyne struck again to reinstate City's advantage.Riyad Mahrez went on to register a brace in the second half to cap off yet another heavy defeat for United, who slipped behind Arsenal and out of the Premier League's top four as a result of their latest setback.The Red Devils appeared to throw in the towel during the closing stages of the match at the Etihad Stadium, with the disappointing and toothless nature of their performance garnering plenty of criticism from fans and pundits alike.Neville suggested after the full-time whistle on Sunday that all may not be well in the United dressing room after Cristiano Ronaldo, Edinson Cavani, Raphael Varane and Luke Shaw were all forced to miss out on a place in the matchday squad. JUST IN: Roy Keane calls out two Man Utd stars in Man City loss - 'Frustrating' "What we saw at the end of this match was a spiritless Manchester United," he said on The Gary Neville Podcast."That's the biggest concern as those players have to get that spirit back. They've got to get the fight back. There were rumours before the game about Cristiano Ronaldo."What's happened to him today? Rangnick said it was a hip injury but it was coming through on social media that there was nothing wrong with him."There's been rumours that Edinson Cavani doesn't want to play even though he's fit. Again, not great. All these things are emerging from the dressing room and we're not sure what's true. "Varane and Shaw weren't here either today. There are these last-minute non-appearances. They add weight to the argument that something's not right in that dressing room."The biggest evidence you could see that something's not right was their response to going 3-1 down in a derby."Sunday's result saw City complete a Premier League double over United for only the second time under Pep Guardiola's management and eradicated all doubt as to which team is the strongest at this moment in time.Neville went on to insist that he felt sorry for United's players after they failed to lay a glove on City, who were streets ahead in terms of quality and dominated proceedings for the vast majority of the match. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE "United's system caught them by surprise but City won the ball back quicker on the transition in the second half," added Neville."You just felt like City grew into the game and it became too much. They were just so much better from the first minute of the second half and the ending of the game was just shameful for United."I don't use that word lightly. Manchester United's players didn't bother their backsides for the last 25 minutes, it was really terrible."I have great sympathy for the United players at this moment in time having to play against this great a Man City team." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here