A video of two men disposing of a Russian bomb with their own hands has circulated on social media. The 31-second clip, which is said to have been watched by more than two million people, also showed the men using a bottle of war while the other twists the seal out of it. The gloved men were equipped with water and did not even have helmets. According to the Telegraph, the defusing process would ordinarily be performed remotely. Water is supposedly used to reduce friction in the fuse well, experts suggest. The bomb could otherwise be set off by heat, shock and friction. JUST IN: Ukraine fears surge as Russian forces encircle ‘fortress’ Kyiv - ‘Every street fortified’ Sky News reporter Nick Stylianou said: "The water is to prevent static discharge. "Steady hands, nerves of steel." Senior fellow and director of countering terrorism and extremism programs at the Middle East Institute, Charles Lister, also shared the video on social media. He said the two men showed "mind-boggling bravery". Mr Lister added: "This Russia-dropped bomb would flatten a building — and yet these Ukraine EODs defuse it with two hands and a bottle of water, while shells audibly land nearby." The clip was also shared by the Ukrainian news outlet NEXTA TV. The footage circulated around social media shortly after Vladimir Putin's troops used thermobaric rockets in Ukraine. Such rockets are said to have the capability of "rupturing lungs". DON'T MISSRussia accuses mum-to-be of faking horrific hospital bombing pics [REVEAL]EU leaders reject Ukraine’s membership plea [UPDATE]Liz Truss says West 'knew what Putin was doing' [INSIGHT] The Ministry of Defence said: "The Russian MoD has confirmed the use of the TOS-1A weapon system in Ukraine. "The TOS-1A uses thermobaric rockets, creating incendiary and blast effects." The Telegraph claim thermobaric bombs suck in oxygen from the surrounding air to generate a high-temperature explosion, which typically produces a blast wave of a significantly longer duration than that of a conventional explosive. They are also considered to be modern equivalents of flame-throwers and even napalm dispensers.