Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced cuts to fuel duty and income tax in his Spring Statement, yet he made no mention of Council Tax. Bills are due to rise by three percent for millions of households from April but people can act now to ensure they get their £150 rebate as quickly as possible. Britons who live in a band A to D property will get a rebate of £150 and there is something they can do to make sure they get it sooner rather than later. Customers who set up a direct debit to spread their Council Tax payments will receive the money quicker. Around 20 million households should be eligible for the refund announced by the Chancellor in February. Those who don’t pay by direct debit will still be entitled to it - it just might take a bit longer. READ MORE: Which 10 conditions automatically qualify for free NHS prescriptions? More than half of local councils (89 out of 151) are planning to increase Council Tax by 2.99 percent next month. People should have received a letter from their local council or they can check the Council Tax levels set by local authorities in England 2022 to 2023 when official figures are released on March 30. Meanwhile, almost half a million people (400,000) are thought to be paying too much because they’re in the wrong Council Tax band. Financial journalist Martin Lewis has been campaigning on this issue for years in an attempt to help people make savings where they can. DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis shares the wage you WON’T pay more tax under NI hike [INSIGHT]60 Lloyds, Bank of Scotland and Halifax branches to shut [WARNING]State pension: DWP makes new commitment to triple lock [UPDATE]  Money Saving Expert said: “Council tax bills are set to rise by around three percent for millions of households on 1 April, adding to the cost of living crunch. “It's more important than ever therefore to check you're paying the right amount of Council Tax, whether that's because you're in the wrong band or simply not claiming a legitimate discount. “Thousands have tried and succeeded, and payouts or discounts worth £100s or £1,000s are commonplace.” A successful evaluation of someone’s council tax band could save people hundreds, if not thousands, of pounds.  In addition to checking the Council Tax band people might be eligible for a reduction if: What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People who are exempt from paying council tax should contact their local council to see if they could also get £150 towards other expenses. The Chancellor announced he was doubling his Household Support Fund from £500million to £1billion in his Spring Statement. The funding is given to councils in England for them to provide support to households with the cost of essentials. Anyone can apply for the funding from their local authority.