The Prince of Wales visited St Luke's Church in Earl's Court, west London, on Wednesday afternoon. There, he met people who fled from disaster-hit and war-torn areas - including Afghanistan, Syria and Ukraine. While speaking to a group of people who regularly meet at the church to take part in its support programmes, Charles expressed his sadness at the devastation brought by recent conflicts - not just in Ukraine but also in the Middle East. Expressing his lifelong wish to visit Syria and Yemen, the Prince of Wales said: "I've always wanted, all my life, to visit Syria and Yemen - and now so much has been destroyed by these terrifying wars and conflicts. "For me, it is an immeasurable tragedy that so much death and destruction exist around the world at this moment in time, leading to such utter misery for so many people who have to leave their countries like you have." Charles added the conflicts appear to be "even more insane" as the whole world is facing the common threat posed by climate change. Follow live updates on the Royal Family here The heir to the throne has travelled multiple times to the Middle East over the past decades. In 2004, he visited Iraq while in 2010 he made a surprise visit to British troops in Afghanistan. Last November, he and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, travelled to Jordan as part of an official four-day tour which also included Egypt. While at St Luke's, the Prince of Wales learned more about the Refugee Response programme run by Anglican church Holy Trinity Brompton (HTB). READ MORE: US fury after Harry 'shows face at American event' The prince appeared visibly moved as he heard of families being split by conflict and people being unable to be reunited with their loved ones. One refugee asked Charles, through a translator, if he would be able to bring her family members - her sister, brother and parents - from Afghanistan to the UK. The Prince of Wales asked: "Are they having terrible difficulties?" To which the translator replied: "Yes. The whole situation is terrible." At St Luke's, Charles also spoke to refugees about the "skill shortage" in the UK and how lucky the country is to have welcomed them. After meeting doctors among those in the HTB's employability clinics, the prince said: "I know so many of you already have qualifications and training in your own countries and we have enormous skill shortages in this country where so much of what you do can be of enormous benefit to us. "So we are very lucky to have you and your skills and all you can bring." The HTB programme dedicated to refugees was launched in September 2021, in the wake of the return to power of the Taliban in Afghanistan. Prince Charles visited the HTB's site on Onslow Square in December, where he also met representatives of the church's community groups including the Refugee Response programme. The Prince of Wales has condemned Vladimir Putin's decision to invade Ukraine on February 24 on multiple occasions over the past weeks. On March 1, during a poignant visit to Southend-on-Sea, he said the Russian move was an "unconscionable" attack on democracy and freedom. On the following day, during a visit with Camilla to the Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral in London, Charles praised the Ukrainian spirit. Speaking to members of the Ukrainian community, he said both he and Camilla had been moved by reports of their "extraordinary bravery, generosity and fortitude" following "such truly terrible aggression." Other members of the Royal Family have shown their support to Ukraine since the beginning of the war. On February 26, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge released a message in which they said to be standing by the side of Ukraine. On March 9, they visited the Ukrainian Cultural Centre in London to hear more about the efforts being made to support Ukrainians in the UK and across Europe. And the Queen reportedly made a "generous donation" to the Disasters Emergency Committee's ongoing Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal.