Madeleine went missing when she was three years old, while her family were on holiday in the Algarve in 2007. Convicted rapist and child sexual abuser Christian B was identified as the prime suspect in Madeleine's disappearance by investigators in Braunschweig in June 2020. They claim he is responsible for the killing of Maddie. Christian B has always denied all allegations in relation to the disappearance of Madeleine McCann. Recent disclosures reported by German outlets suggest there were stashes of child pornography at various addresses belonging to Christian B. It follows claims by German outlet RTL that it had acquired secret chat logs of Christian B’s conversations on the dark web. In one message, it claimed he suggested he wanted to “capture something small and use it for days”. READ MORE: Maddie revelations ‘beg questions’ but leave police ‘opportunities’  In a recent documentary about Christian B by German TV channel Sat.1, former acquaintances of Christian B claimed they found memory devices containing images of child sexual abuse when visiting his addresses. RTL claimed that Christian B told his chat partner that he would make a lot of films if he were to capture a “little one”. These recent revelations could go some way to explain why Christian B has been deemed the prime suspect in Madeleine’s disappearance by German investigators. However, when asked about other possibilities, Charlie Hedges, a former member of the UK police who previously was head of the Child Exploitation and Online Protection unit at the National Crime Agency, told Express.co.uk that Madeleine’s disappearance “could have been a burglary that went wrong”.  Christian B was known to have repeatedly burgled in the Algarve. Mr Hedges said: “It could be just [that] it was a burglary. “It could be not for a sexual abuse motive; it could have been something else that then escalated because of circumstances. “It’s all speculation, because they just don’t know and we don’t have enough information, but it could be a lot of reasons. And sometimes cases, take on a different complexion, because of things you just don't know. Bizarre things happen.” DON'T MISS British drivers hit by BIGGEST ever daily diesel price rise [ANALYSIS] Putin’s troops shooting OWN comrades for not killing innocent [INSIGHT] 'Putin has lost touch!' 1.2m Russians sign anti-war petition [REPORT] Commenting on the mindset of a criminal generally, Mr Hedges said: “We know that offenders do escalate their behaviour over a period of time. “Sometimes they’re in a situation where, they escalate their behaviour [...] either for their own personal need, or because of other circumstances, kill the victim, or are panicked into doing it or are forced into doing it for some other circumstances.” Hans Christian Wolters, spokesperson for the public prosecutor’s office in Braunschweig, previously told Express.co.uk that Christian B was their “only suspect” in the Madeleine McCann case. In October, he said German investigators were “100 percent sure” he was responsible. Asked about the chance German prosecutors had the wrong man, Mr Hedges said that Christian B had “occupied the German authorities for some time” that “there must be some credibility behind their thinking”.  However, “if she was being held elsewhere, then the probability is it would be someone else, or it could be an associate of his. “They’re all potential theories, but the main focus must always be on seeking the evidence, and looking for where the evidence takes you in the investigation, and until it says she’s no longer alive, then we would like to think we can continue to look.” From his prison cell, Christian B sent several letters to an investigative journalist working for the Sat.1 documentary.  In one, he claimed that his drug dealing while he was in the Algarve precluded him from abduction as he wanted to keep a low profile. Mr Hedges questioned this excuse, and said: “We know that criminals by nature are not particularly honest people; it’s not in his best interests to be found guilty of this case. Apart from the sentence, it would make his life inside quite difficult in prison. “Criminals – they’re fantasists and lawyers. That's why they’re criminals: because they don’t conform to the social norms that we would hope that people would. But that’s a generalisation.”