Turkey could send its Russian-made S-400 missile defence systems to Ukraine to help it defend against Russian forces. The US has informally raised the possibility with Turkey over the past month, according to three inside sources. The issue also briefly came up during Deputy Secretary of State Wendy Sherman's visit to Turkey in March, the sources told Reuters. One source claimed the idea stems from a renewed effort in Washington to improve ties with Turkey. This comes as Turkey has appeared to distance itself from Russia in the wake of the invasion. Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan described Russia's attack on Ukraine as "unacceptable". However, he also said that the country, which is a NATO member, could not disregard its "national interests" in Russia. Speaking at a joint press conference with German Chancellor Olaf Scholz on March 14, Mr Erdogan said: "We have to maintain our friendship with Mr Zelensky and Mr Putin." He also refused to rule out buying further weapons from Russia. The country shares a maritime border with both Ukraine and Russia. Mr Erdogan has said Turkey would help to "prevent escalation" of the crisis. However, Turkish analysts have said the possibility of supplying the S-400 missiles to Ukraine is unlikely, as a result of both practical and political concerns. READ MORE: Putin looks to Turkey as Erdogan refuses to scrap arms deal Aaron Stein, director of research at the Philadelphia-based Foreign Policy Research Institute, said that supplying the weapons would trigger "severe Russian ire". Speaking to Reuters, he said: "Turkey has managed to walk on the razor's edge and a transfer of a Russian S-400 would certainly lead to severe Russian ire. "And for Erdogan, the S-400 has become a symbol of Turkish sovereignty, so trading it away wouldn't be all roses and flowers." NATO countries have been supplying Ukraine with weapons in an attempt to support its defence against Russia, without providing direct military intervention. DON'T MISS: Putin's men shell Ukraine art school 'with 400 sheltering inside' [REPORT] Putin betrayal: Xi to decimate Russia into 'Chinese Colony' [REVEAL] Boris and Biden's master plan to cripple Putin with £1.1tn blow [INSIGHT] The UK has sent 2,000 Anglo-Swedish Next-generation Light Anti-tank Weapons (NLAWs) to Ukraine since the start of the war. Washington has sent around 300 Javelin anti-tank missiles as part of a $350million package to support Ukraine’s defence. The missiles, which cost $80,000 per unit, have been nicknamed Saint Javelin due to their effectiveness. Meanwhile, the Netherlands are sending 200 Stinger air defence rockets and 50 "Panzerfaust 3" anti-tank weapons with 400 rockets. Germany has also pledged 1,000 anti-tank munitions and 500 Stinger missiles after the country overturned its long-standing ban on exporting weapons to conflict zones. Belgium and Sweden are also sending anti-tank weapons, the first time Sweden has sent weapons to a country involved in armed conflict since the USSR invaded Finland in 1939.