The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrived on the second stop of their tour, having previously been in Belize and before moving on to the Bahamas later in the week. The couple made a stop in Trench Town, the birthplace of reggae, where they met footballing heroes Raheem Sterling and Leon Bailey as well as the bobsled team. The winter sports team finished in 28th place at the recent Winter Olympics in Beijing. Grinning with delight, the royal couple were coaxed and pictured sitting inside the Jamaican bobsled. The Jamaican team reportedly practised during lockdown by pushing a Mini car. Speaking to the team, William was astonished at the top speed of the bobsleigh, saying: “Ninety-five mph? Really?” Chris Stokes, who competed at the 1988 Calgary Winter Olympics made famous in the movie Cool Runnings, said: “I had the honour of being introduced to the Duke and Duchess. It’s great they came.” Also donning a Number ten vest, Prince William had the chance to play football with Mr Sterling and Mr Bailey. Both born in Jamaica, the football stars now play for English teams, Sterling for Manchester City and Bailey for Aston Villa. Kate wowed in a multicoloured dress, having changed out of the stunning yellow gown she sported upon arriving in Jamaica. READ MORE: Dr Shola in incredible attack on Queen 'day of reckoning for royals' Their visit has not been without controversy however, as a protest was organised to call on the British monarchy to pay reparations for slavery and human rights abuses. There are now rumours that Jamaica may follow in the footsteps of Barbados and break away from the British royal family. Their fellow Caribbean nation formally removed the Queen as their Head of State last year, ending their almost 400 year relationship with the British monarchy. Many have speculated that this royal tour, celebrating the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, has been orchestrated to dissuade Jamaica from pursuing a similar decision. The Advocates Network coalition, made up of Jamaican doctors, musicians, politicians and business leaders have published an open letter explaining why the royals should compensate Jamaica, as they celebrate 60 years of independence this year. DON'T MISS:Four ways the Royal Family have shown their support for Ukraine [ANALYSIS]How Royal Family pick their partners - body language [INSIGHT]Inside Queen Letizia home: Spanish royals don’t live in Madrid [REVEAL] Jamaican human rights advocate Opal Adisa, who organised the protest, said: “Kate and William are beneficiaries, so they are, in fact, complicit because they are positioned to benefit specifically from our ancestors, and we’re not benefitting from our ancestors. “The luxury and the lifestyle that they have had and that they continue to have, traipsing all over the world for free with no expense, that is a result of my great, great grandmother and grandfather, their blood and tears and sweat.” Ms Adisa has called for a “formal apology”, reported the Daily Mail, saying it would be the “first step towards healing and reconciliation”. She continued: “You know, we don't have anything personally against Kate and Prince William, and even the Queen, for that matter, but we're simply saying you've done wrong, and it is way past time that you admit that you've done wrong and when you do, redressing it. “The fact that our government is spending money to help provide security and finance for the duke and duchess, who are wealthy, is outrageous, it's criminal.”