Liverpool should be attempting to sign Jude Bellingham if he is available this summer, according to former Reds right-back Glen Johnson. Bellingham impressed for England in their 3-0 friendly win over Ivory Coast on Wednesday. The midfielder earned huge praise from Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson ahead of the match. Bellingham has been linked with a move to Anfield after making over 80 appearances already for Borussia Dortmund at the age of 18. Speaking to compare.bet, Johnson was asked if Bellingham could be a long-term replacement for Henderson at Liverpool. And he outlined his view that the teenager must be a player his old team are looking at. Johnson said: "Replacement or not, if a player of Jude Bellingham’s quality becomes available then yes I’d say get him for sure. He’s certainly going to be world-class, looks the part and can do everything. READ MORE: O'Hara names five reasons why players would rather sign for Tottenham than Arsenal  "If it’s a possibility, then a club like Liverpool need to be looking at signing him." Johnson also compared Bellingham to former Liverpool team-mate Steven Gerrard. Asked which former England star Bellingham is most similar to, Johnson said: "I’d probably say he’s most like Gerrard. He’s physically bigger, but he gets around the park, can tackle and is good on the ball, and has that engine too. So I’d have to say Stevie." Bellingham made his debut for England in 2020 at the age of 17. He was part of the squad that lost in the final of Euro 2020 last year. DON'T MISSChelsea injury latest: Five stars fit to face Brentford in welcome Tuchel boost [NEWS]Bayern told to take 'revenge' on Granovskaia by 'helping themselves' to Havertz [TRANSFERS]Premier League rule change would cause further issues for Man Utd, Tottenham and Arsenal [NEWS]  Speaking last week, Liverpool skipper Henderson said the sky's the limit for Bellingham. He told Sport Bible: "I don’t like speaking too highly of players, especially when they’re such a young age because everybody else seems to do that pretty quickly. But I’ve been very impressed. "I like the way he plays. I like his personality, which is the most important thing. I like the way he conducts himself. I’ve got nothing but good things to say about him. "He’s a great lad, a fantastic player and I’m sure he’ll go from strength to strength as he gets older and matures. When I watch him, he plays with such maturity even now. The sky is the limit for him really."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here