The reason why diabetes patients have elevated levels of glucose in their blood stems from problems with insulin production. People with type 2 diabetes either don’t produce enough of it or their insulin isn’t effective. The good news is that lowering your levels could be as easy as sipping tea, according to research. In case you’re not aware, diabetes describes a life-long condition characterised by steep blood sugar levels. This diagnosis can even get worse and progress to other health problems, ranging from heart disease to nerve damage, if left untreated. What’s more, diabetes currently affects almost five million people in the UK, and this figure is set to climb even further by 2030. Unlike with type 1 diabetes, those suffering from type 2 can be aided with a healthy diet. One drink, characterised by mellow, honey-like taste, that can see your blood glucose drop is chamomile tea. READ MORE: Covid vaccine: Woman dies from ‘sudden and catastrophic’ side effect - warning signs Doctor Tim Bond from the Tea Advisory Panel said: “Chamomile tea can lower blood glucose through having a positive impact on insulin metabolism. “Research has shown that chamomile tea reduces HbA1C (which is your average blood glucose levels over the last two to three months) and reduces insulin resistance.” In case you’re not aware, insulin resistance occurs when the cells in your muscles, fat, and liver don't respond well to insulin, so they can't easily take up glucose from your blood. “Insulin resistance causes the blood glucose to rise so lowering insulin resistance is beneficial for lowering blood glucose,” noted the expert.  Chamomile tea may also lower your blood sugar by increasing the use of glucose in your muscles – “hence taking glucose out of the blood”- and by reducing inflammation as inflammatory markers are associated with insulin resistance, he added. The potent part of the herbal tea are antioxidant compounds called apigenin and chamazulene. These goodies offer the anti-inflammatory effects. Doctor Bond advised: “Studies showing these benefits have used three grams of chamomile tea in 150 millilitres [of] hot water, drunk three times a day.” As you’ll be probably opting for tea bags containing the flowers and buds of chamomile, the expert said you’re looking for about two to three mugs each day. What’s more you can expect to start seeing the effects in weeks. “Studies have generally been of eight weeks duration and found lower blood glucose levels at the end,” the expert noted. To get these anti-diabetic benefits, all you need to do is place a chamomile tea bag into hot water for five minutes or use a teaspoon of loose-leaf tea and enjoy, Doctor Bond concluded. Perhaps the worst aspect of this condition is that many might not realise they have it as the symptoms don’t “necessarily make you feel unwell”, the NHS states. The main symptoms of type 2 diabetes include: The health service advises seeing a GP if you suffer from any of these symptoms or you're worried that you may have a higher risk.