England will play their first international fixture for four months when they face Switzerland at Wembley on Saturday evening. With a host of new players called up to the squad, Gareth Southgate must decide which regulars to start and which newer options to hand a chance to. Express Sport takes a look at the expected XI for the game.  Goalkeeper: Pickford Jordan Pickford may not have been in the best of form for Everton this season, but there is no doubt that he produces at international level. The goalkeeper has been in fine form for the Three Lions ever since his international debut in 2017. Having almost been the hero in England's penalty shoot-out loss against Italy in the summer, there is no reason for Southgate to drop his No 1. Aaron Ramsdale dropping out of the squad with injury earlier this week makes it even more likely Pickford will start against Switzerland. Defence: Walker-Peters, White, Mings, Shaw Kyle Walker-Peters never properly got a chance at Tottenham due to the inspired form of Kyle Walker and Kieran Trippier. His permanent move to Southampton in 2020 afforded him more chances to prove his worth on the Premier League stage, and he has since been a star for the Saints by making 73 appearances in just two-and-a-half years.  He is likely to earn his first start alongside fellow rookie Ben White, who has been superb for Arsenal in their bid for Champions League football. And some experience could be added alongside them with Tyrone Wings and Luke Shaw completing a strong quartet. Midfield: Rice, Bellingham, Mount Declan Rice has become one of England's stars ever since he broke into the side in 2019. The West Ham midfielder was imperious in the Euro 2020 run and is likely to marshall the engine room once again. He could be joined by Chelsea star Mason Mount, who is a Southgate favourite due to his work-rate and quality on the ball. And they will partner Jude Bellingham, with the 18-year-old star ready to show his prowess that has been on show throughout the current Bundesliga season.  Attack: Sterling, Kane, Grealish England have a plethora of attackers to pick from, with Phil Foden, Emile Smith Rowe, Ollie Watkins and Mount all able to play somewhere in the front three. However, Southgate will likely turn to the trusted trio of Raheem Sterling, Harry Kane and Jack Grealish to do the business. Sterling and Grealish have played a huge part in Manchester City's title run this season, and will likely link up again for their nation. And Kane's recent inspired form for Tottenham will more than likely see him lead the line. 