Top Boy has been missing from the small screen for three years, with fans eagerly awaiting its return. Finally, the gang drama made a comeback on Friday, March 18, on Netflix with all eight episodes released in one go. This time around, Jamie Tovell (played by Micheal Ward) was seen trying to work his way up the ladder as well as make up for lost time with his family. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Top Boy season 2. As the eldest brother, Jamie is seen as the head of his family with just him, Aaron (Hope Ikpoku Jr) and Stefan (Araloyin Oshunremi) in the flat. So when he was sent behind bars for the bag Ats Ayittey (Keiyon Cook) planted in their home, it was a big shock for his younger brothers. When he was released from prison, Jamie quickly rushed back to Summerhouse gang, agreeing to work for Dushane Hill (Ashley Walters), even travelling to Morocco to speak to suppliers. He is also seen worrying about his family, walking his youngest sibling to and from school and checking up on Aaron who is studying non-stop for his degree.  READ MORE: Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show  Jamie, Stef and Aaron's parents have never been in Top Boy, even when the drama was originally on Channel 4. There has been no explanation as to what happened to them except that their mum and dad died. The brothers are once again seen in season two at the park bench, wishing their deceased father a happy birthday. While their absence hasn't been completely explained, a Reddit user has given an idea of how long the siblings have been orphans.   In 2019 when the first season was released on Netflix, Top Boy fans were questioning how old Jamie was. In response, leO.A wrote: "Their parents died four years ago when Jamie was 18. "He then became legal guardian. So Jamie is 22, but has a mature head on his shoulders to accompany his baby-faced features.." If this is precise, then this would now make Jamie 25-years-old. Actor Ward has previously spoken about how he can relate to his Top Boy character because of this loss. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? [THEORY]What happened to Malva Christie’s mother in Outlander? [EXPLAINER]Why did actor Keiyon Cook really leave Top Boy as Ats? [CAST]  Opening up to Dazed, Ward explained: "He is the mother, father and older brother because their parents have died. "The decisions he is making he doesn’t want to make, but he has to because he has to pay rent and bills. "For me, connecting to that, I haven’t lost both my parents, but I have lost my dad when I was very young, so the sense of loss was there. "And I’ve got two little sisters, who I love from the bottom of my heart, so wanting to protect them is how I connected with Jamie because the main motivation for him is to protect Aaron and Stef."    Unfortunately, it wasn't a happy ending for Jamie, fans discovered in the season two finale. Time had passed since the events of Ats' and Kit's (Kadeem Ramsay) and everything seemed to be going well for all of those in the drama. This was until Jamie opened his front door to Sully (Kane "Kano" Robinson) shooting him in the chest and then again in the head in front of Stef and Aaron. So are his brothers going to retaliate and how will Dushane react to Sully's recklessness? Top Boy seasons 1-2 are available to watch on Netflix. Top Boy Summerhouse seasons 1-2 are also available to stream on Netflix.  