Mr Younger discussed Chinese President Xi Jinping's alliance with Vladimir Putin, as many political commentators and military experts hope that he will be able to talk some sense into him and help to end the war in Ukraine. Putin has been waging war on neighbouring Ukraine for three weeks now, and peace talks continue to be ongoing with no clear sign of the end of the war in sight. The ex-MI6 head claimed that Putin's murderous campaign would effectively hurt the reputation of Xi, due to their alliance, and his unwillingness to speak out about the assault on Ukraine.  Ms Kearney said: "What about the prospect of China trying to exert some kind of pressure on Russia?" Mr Younger said: "It's such an important question this, because of all the people in the world that can assert influence, on Vladimir Putin. "Whois in his bunker and who is obsessed by achieving greatness through the restoration of the Russian empire. "Of all the people in the world who can talk sense to him, it's Xi. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Mr Younger added: "Vladimir Putin needs Xi. "And of course Xi, well he feels he has to align himself at a high level with what Russia is doing, "Because of their new alliance, must be deeply disturbed by what is going on. "It is seriously compounding economic problems China faces. "And he must see the huge reputational risks of being even tacitly associated with the murderous activity in Ukraine."  READ MORE: 'Recipe for failure' £120million Festival of Brexit blasted as 'vague and shape-shifting' Ukrainian Diplomat, Vadym Prystaiko claimed that China had its own invested interests. "They want a resource base for them, so China will definitely play their own game."   Foreign Secretary Liz Truss explained that Putin has "shattered European security" and he has also used "terrible weapons and terrible force" in Russia's attack on Ukraine. Speaking to the BBC, Ms Truss added: "One of the ways Putin funds his war machine is through oil and gas revenues and of course, I'm not saying we agree with every single policy of Saudi Arabia or the United Arab Emirates but they do not pose a threat to global security in the way Vladimir Putin does." The Foreign Secretary also explained that everyone must do what it takes to stop Putin at "all costs" and that "he is the real threat the world faces". Ms Truss added: "I can't make predictions about the future but what we do know is Putin's plans are not going according to plan, he is not making the progress he hoped and as a result is resorting to more and more extreme techniques and weaponry." 