Ex-NATO commander Sir Adrian Bradshaw warned Vladimir Putin could have his forces bomb Ukraine more indiscriminately due to the major pushback from Ukrainians. Sir Adrian also explained that more thermobaric weapons, which have been slammed for the destruction and terror they cause, could be used to try and stifle Ukraine's forces. The former Army officer also praised Ukrainians for putting up a good fight against the invasion of their country. BBC Radio 4 host Martha Kearney said: "The kind of bombardment that we've seen in Chechnya, that we've seen in Syria?" Sir Adrian said: "Absolutely and the harder the Ukrainians fight, and they've put up an amazing fight. "And one can't fail to be full of admiration for the resolve that they've shown, but the harder they fight the more the gloves will come off. "And those terrible weapons, the thermobaric weapons, the indiscriminate bombing will intensify because as I say Putin has set objectives for his military commanders and they will have to achieve them." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG   The Russian military using heavy destructive thermobaric weapons has caused many global politicians to speak out, adding Putin's use of such weapons to a list of potential war crimes carried out by Russian forces. American politician Marco Rubio took to Twitter to say: "#Russia has now deployed TOS-1 launchers to the outskirts of heavily populated areas Thermobaric weapons against civilian targets have zero military purpose It would be a war crime aimed at terrorizing & slaughtering people into submission." The indiscriminate bombing hit Babi Yar which sits on the outskirts of Ukraine and is the place where over 150,000 Jews were executed and killed during the second world war. During the Nazi campaign in 1941 and 1942, this was the execution and burial site, and it took a further 30-years for the Soviet Union to acknowledge that Jews died there, before that the memorial had no mention of them. Jewish Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky made comments to reporters about the damage to the memorial. READ MORE:'Thought we were saving you' Putin under threat as Russians growing wary of propaganda    Mr Zelensky said: "This strike proves that for many people in Russia our Kyiv is absolutely foreign. "They don't know a thing about Kyiv, about our history. But they all have orders to erase our history, erase our country, erase us all. "We all died again by Babi Yar. Although the world has promised again and again that it will never happen again. "Don't you see what is happening? That's why it is very important now that you, millions of Jews around the world, do not stay silent. Because Nazism is born in silence. Scream about murdering of civilians, scream about murdering of Ukrainians." Western Governments have been slamming sanctions onto Russia in order to subdue their military advances, British Prime Minister Borris Johnson has been holding meetings and press conferences from NATO countries in efforts to de-escalate Putin's rampage. Mr Johnson said: “The people of Ukraine are suffering in agony as he pounds their cities, as he shows no restraint whatever in the tactics that he uses, going for civilian targets in a way that is absolutely indiscriminate and abhorrent. “We are doing everything we can to support the Ukrainians, with defensive military equipment, lethal aid of a defensive character, we were the first European country to do so. 