Charles Leclerc used a “high risk” tactic to fend off Max Verstappen and ultimately win last weekend’s Bahrain Grand Prix, it has been claimed. The pair battled for three laps after the first round of pitstops with the Red Bull and Ferrari drivers swapping the lead six times.  However, analysis from former driver Jolyon Palmer shows Leclerc used a special truck to endure he was on top throughout. The Monegasque purposefully let Verstappen through at turn one in order to pass get DRS for the run to turn four. On multiple occasions, Leclerc was then able to get a tow on Verstappen and repass him just moments later. Eventually, this paid dividends as Verstappen got frustrated and locked his tyres up at turn one, ending the battle and ensuring Leclerc could pull away. He said: “Leclerc, looking in the mirrors already, covers the middle and then goes back to the racing line. This time I think he’s just allowing Verstappen to come through because he’s learned now, absolutely, he can get that run through turn four READ MORE: Max Verstappen has made one change in 2022 ahead of Leclerc battle So Verstappen comes through once again, Leclerc has given him, it’s the kindest move Leclerc will ever give up for a lead of the race, and Max takes it. “He’s given up that lead knowing the turn four DRS opportunity, the retaliation DRS is about to come.” He added: “It’s a really interesting tactical decision Leclerc is playing here. High risk just giving up the lead of the race and he does so, so willingly.” “Leclerc’s basically using that, he’s being very clever. He’s risking it a lot because a couple of those times I think Verstappen maybe could have clung on slightly more. DON'T MISSFerrari boss puts pressure on Verstappen and Red Bull before Saudi GP [INSIGHT]Red Bull will have Max Verstappen concern for Saudi Arabian Grand Prix [ANALYSIS]Toto Wolff stokes the flames with answer about Verstappen and Horner [COMMENT] “I think if the championship was in the balance and this was race 18 then he might have done. But he played the odds and he made it work.” Leclerc admitted to using the DRS to his advantage in his battle with Verstappen after the race. He said: “I was trying to be as clever as possible using the DRS as much as possible so I was trying to break early into turn one just to be behind him at the DRS detection. Twice it worked out, so I took back my first position and just incredibly happy that we made it work.”