Barcelona head coach Xavi Hernandez is closing on an incredible quartet of signings which could help the La Liga side challenge for the title next season. The Catalan giants have their sights set on acquiring four players on free transfers to bolster their squad and close the gap on Real Madrid. Xavi already made two marquee signings since he took over as manager, with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang linking up on deadline day and Ferran Torres arriving earlier in January in a £55m deal from Manchester City. Adama Traore was also signed on loan until the end of the season from Wolves to mark his return to Camp Nou some eight years after leaving for England. But the swathe of new arrivals in the summer is likely to propel Barca back into competition with Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid, who shared one title each in the last two seasons. Xavi was reportedly spotted meeting Borussia Dortmund star Erling Haaland as speculation continues to suggest the Norwegian may be heading to Catalonia this summer. Haaland’s £64m release clause becomes active on July 1 and Xavi, when quizzed about his secret talks with Haaland, refused to divulge any information on a possible move.  JUST IN: Barcelona 'reach agreement for next Pedri' as Xavi lands transfer "I cannot give details. The only thing I can say about Haaland is that we are working for Barça for the present and future,” he said. In addition to their chase for Haaland’s signature, transfer expert Fabrizio Romano reports Barca are closing in on the signing of Chelsea centre-back Andreas Christensen, who has turned down two contract offers from the Blues. It is understood the Denmark international is keen to take on a new challenge after eight years at Stamford Bridge and a five-year contract has reportedly been offered to the 25-year-old. Bayern Munich are also keen on Christensen, but the guarantee of playing time at Barca could seal the deal, with reports suggesting Christensen could complete his move next week. MUST READBarcelona boss Xavi's game-changing XI next season after four dealsRaiola 'tells Barcelona they must also sign second client'Barcelona boss Xavi holds secret Haaland transfer talks /sport/football/1575381/Barcelona-Xavi-Erling-Haaland-transfer-Borussia-Dortmund-SNT Xavi is also lining up more three more arrivals to shortlist to complete in time for the summer window - all at the combined cost of nothing. Christensen's team-mate Cesar Azpilicueta is wanted by Xavi to add experience to the young squad. The 32-year-old mulling over his future at Chelsea with only a one-year extension on the table. The Spaniard will then look to sign AC Milan’s midfield enforcer Franck Kessie, who looks certain to leave on a free transfer after snubbing a new deal. And to complete the set, Ajax full-back Noussair Mazraoui will seal his move from the Dutch giants when his contract expires in June. Xavi has been gradually assembling a squad capable of challenging for honours after a season of transition in Catalonia, which included the shock departure of Lionel Messi in August. The 34-year-old was poised to sign a five-year contract on reduced terms to help soften the burden on their wage budget, but La Liga’s new financial controls meant the club could not afford to keep him. Messi eventually joined Paris Saint-Germain, with Antoine Griezmann, Philippe Coutinho, Junior Firpo and Emerson Royal all heading for the exit after the Argentine. The Blaugrana paid the price for a poor start to the season under previous boss Ronald Koeman, which left the club in ninth and 15 points off the pace. But Xavi has quickly turned things around since his arrival in November, taking Barca to fourth in La Liga. And the former Al Ain coach has shaken things up with the signings of Aubameyang and Torres, who have settled in quickly and contributed some vital goals. The 42-year-old has also handed important roles to youngsters Pedri and Gavi, who have impressed since making their debuts at the age of 17 and 16 respectively. As well as this, Xavi is promoting several players from the ‘B’ team who graduated from La Masia, bringing back the same culture of nurturing homegrown talent that was prominent at the club when he was a player. And with Haaland, Christensen, Azpilicueta, Kessie and Mazraoui potentially joining a squad that already boasts star names such as Frankie De Jong and Ousmane Dembele, the return of Barca to prominence will no doubt cause their rivals to look over their shoulders.