The ICE at St Moritz is a yearly event held in the Swiss Alps, which sees thousands of car enthusiasts attend to see some of the most beautiful classic cars the world has to offer. The International Concours of Elegance is one of the most unique celebrations of motoring in the world. Historic car enthusiasts have the chance to see the cars in a completely different setting - on a frozen lake. The frozen St. Moritz lake is used as a temporary driving track and acts as host for a handful of carefully selected, historic vehicles. Mark Frankel, creator of the 888MF YouTube channel, attended the event and highlighted the best looking cars at St Moritz. “When I said there are some special cars here, what I didn't point out was that there is the most expensive car in the world. READ MORE: Drivers to be fined £200 just for touching a mobile phone “The Ferrari 250 GTO. One of these sold in 2018 for $70million dollars. “The owner, although I’m not sure if he is here, is allowing someone to take it out onto the ice.” The Ferrari 250 GTO was produced between 1962 and 1964 and quickly became a classic with countless motoring organisations naming it as one of the greatest sports cars of all time. It also holds the incredibly prestigious title as being the most expensive car ever sold at auction.  DON'T MISSThirty year-old cars pulled from bottom of Scottish reservoir [SHOCKING]Major UK city to ban petrol and diesel cars [WARNING]Drivers demand expansion for Low Emission Zone which fines all cars [INSIGHT] A 1963 Ferrari 250 GTO sold for a staggering $70million (£53.7million) at an auction in 2018, with Chicago-based David MacNeil winning the bid. Seven of the top 10 most expensive cars ever sold have been Ferraris, three of them being 250-badged. The car in question was best known for winning the 1964 Tour de France, as well as a fourth place finish in the 1964 24 Hours of Le Mans. Marcel Massini, a Ferrari historian, predicted that a GTO would sell for nine figures within the next five years. Originally, only 36 were ever produced with the car setting drivers back $18,000 (£13,805), provided they were approved by Enzo Ferrari himself. St Moritz is sponsored by the likes of Maserati, Pagani, Sotheby’s and Pirelli. The event saw countless classic vehicles which were to be driven on the frozen lake including a Ferrari 250 GT Berlinetta Lusso, which Mark featured in his newest YouTube video. The 250 GT Lusso is widely regarded as one of the most elegant and timeless designs by Pininfarina of all time. Mark also showcased a Ferrari Dino 246 GTS, which was being driven around the frozen track by Cici Muldoon and Amanda Stretton. The striking purple metallic paintwork is hard to miss on the stunning Ferrari, which was the original brainchild of Enzo Ferrari’s son, Alfredino. They told Mark: “The car’s name is Viola because of the colour. Viola Metallizzato. “The car’s name is Viola because of the colour. So they made I believe 36 or 37 of these between 246 GT and GTS. “I’ve been driving it on the ice today, it was fantastic. It was really good fun.”