Chelsea return to Premier League action today as they travel to Turf Moor to face strugglers Burnley. The Blues have fallen 16 points behind top-flight leaders Manchester City in recent weeks and will be desperate for three points as they return to Premier League action for the first time in a fortnight. Chelsea progressed to the FA Cup quarter-finals on Wednesday night as they defeated Luton Town three days after losing to Liverpool in the Carabao Cup final. The Stamford Bridge outfit will be looking to focus on events on the pitch after owner Roman Abramovich put the club up for sale earlier this week in the wake of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. And Express Sport takes a look at how boss Thomas Tuchel could line his side up against the Clarets. Goalkeeper – Mendy Edouard Mendy started Chelsea’s Carabao Cup defeat to Liverpool but was brought off at the end of extra time as the match was decided by a penalty shootout. The Senegal goalkeeper’s replacement Kepa Arrizabalaga ultimately proved to be the villain as he blasted the deciding spot kick over the crossbar. READ MORE: Shakhtar Donetsk chief directs anger at Russian players after youth coach killed by shell  Kepa lined-up against Luton in midweek, but Mendy will return for this one. Defence – Christensen, Rudiger, Silva Thiago Silva returned to training on Thursday after missing his side’s victory over the Hatters with a knock. The Brazil international could line-up in a back three alongside Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen. The trio started together against Lille in the Champions League last month and looked solid as Chelsea kept a clean sheet against the French side. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'make decision' on Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial's futuresSix relegation-threatened stars Man Utd can add to cut-price summer transfer shortlistMan Utd 'could offload 11 players' in mass exodus with three managers under consideration     Midfield – James, Kante, Kovacic, Alonso Cesar Azpilicueta was forced off against Liverpool last weekend and will be unavailable for the trip to Lancashire. That means Reece James could be handed his first start since December after recently recovering from a hamstring injury. Mateo Kovacic could continue his burgeoning partnership with N’Golo Kante in midfield, meanwhile, with the duo impressing together recently. And Marcos Alonso is likely to line-up on the left side of Chelsea’s midfield.   Forwards – Mount, Pulisic, Havertz Tuchel could once again decide to overlook Romelu Lukaku against Burnley. The Belgium international got his name on the scoresheet three days ago but is no longer a guaranteed starter for the Blues despite signing for mega-money last summer. Tuchel could instead select Kai Havertz to lead the line once again as he did against the Reds, with Mason Mount and Christian Pulisic providing the support. But the players will need to be more threatening than they were last weekend as they failed to find the back of the net against Jurgen Klopp’s side. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 