Andy Murray has called for young players to be given more help when making major coaching decisions. Emma Raducanu has struggled for form since winning the US Open, and she has already used several coaches in her career despite only playing her first tour-level match last year. She opted for Torben Beltz as her permanent coach following a trial period between the pair at the back end of 2021. Appointing a coach is one of several difficult things professional tennis stars have to negotiate, which Murray struggled with himself as a youngster. “I don’t like it, personally,” he says. “I’ve found it difficult. It’s something that, as an 18-, 19-, 20-year-old, you have zero experience of how to deal with those situations.” Since winning the US Open last year, Raducanu has featured in magazines and has sealed several mega commercial deals with some of the world’s top brands. With all the attention thrust onto such young shoulders, Murray believes making a decision such as a hiring a new coach should be something young players such as Raducanu are aided with by someone in a position with more experience. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu discovers gruelling Miami Open fate as draw made “It just feels a bit odd, employing people at 19 years old that are 20, 25 years older than you, that have way more experience and way more knowledge than you,” Murrays said. “It doesn’t feel like that’s how it should be. It feels like it should be the other way round or that there should be someone – a performance manager, or whatever – to help take the onus off the individual.” Speaking of brand deals, Raducanu signed another lucrative deal with Porsche, which was made official on Sunday. Raducanu announced the deal on social media and said: "So happy to be part of the Porsche Family as an official Brand Ambassador! Ready for every moment our journey holds for us. Since her triumph in New York, the British number one has signed with the likes of British Airways, Evian and luxury fashion and fragrance brands Tiffany and Dior. Further explaining why she had partnered with the German car maker, the tennis star said: "Porsche has always been in my head. It is one of the brands that I’ve loved from a young age. One of my coaches had a 911 Targa. Yeah, cool coach. Whenever I would see him I would be like dreaming of one day sitting on my own. "It's important for me to align with partners and brands that I really feel passionate about and that I identify with. And I feel like because motorsports has always been a part of me, I think this partnership with Porsche is incredible."