Mikel Arteta may have identified the perfect addition to his Arsenal midfield in Ruben Neves. The Wolves man is reportedly attracting significant interest from a number of suitors, but it is the Gunners who would benefit most from capturing the Portuguese star as Arteta's Arsenal revolution continues to gather pace. The 25-year-old has been in fine form this season and his consistently impressive displays have seen him earn the plaudits he richly deserves. Neves has chipped in with some vital goals of late as he's headed Wolves' charge towards the European places. Bruno Lage's side current reside in eighth spot in the Premier League standings, but remain well in the hunt for a high-place finish. In fact, the midlanders are only a mere five points behind Arsenal who currently occupy the Premier League's all-important fourth spot which ensures Champions League qualification commitments. Neves has played an integral role in Wolves' resurgence under Lage this campaign and his exploits haven't gone unnoticed. According to AS, Arsenal and United have both been linked with the midfielder - who is valued at £42million. Another Spanish outlet in Sport also claim Barcelona are interested to bringing Neves to the Nou Camp as they look to replace the ageing Sergio Busquets. READ MORE: Chelsea owner Abramovich linked with takeover at another club after Blues reign  However, it is the Gunners who would surely benefit most from his signing. Arsenal have enjoyed quite the resurgence under Arteta this season and all signs point to the revival continuing. The Spaniard's side possess a clear identity in addition to a wealth of exciting, emerging talent. Arteta continued to reshape his squad in January, but further additions are anticipated in the coming summer and it would be remiss of the Gunners to overlook a move for Neves. Arteta prefers a system with two holding midfielders behind an attacking front four, but has struggled to find an able partner for Thomas Partey. Granit Xhaka has often been deployed alongside him in central midfield and the likes of Albert Sambi Lokonga and Mohamed Elneny have also featured. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ralf Rangnick lands first signing as transfer terms signed[TRANSFERS]Liverpool owners FSG should be commended for Mo Salah contract stance[OPINION]Man Utd ‘make another transfer approach’ as Harry Maguire faces being replaced[GOSSIP]  However, none of those options have proven they are of the desire quality to elevate Arsenal to the next level and elite European competition is likely to prove a step beyond them. In Neves though, Arteta may have found his perfect addition and poster boy to the revolution. The Portuguese star would add further steel to the Gunners' midfield while providing some much needed leadership - a trait which appears increasingly hard to find among players in the modern game. Neves became the youngest Champions League captain when he led former side Porto out against Maccabi Tel Aviv at the tender age of 18 back in October of 2015 and is evidently embracing his vice-captain duties at the Molineux. Arteta's Arsenal project is undoubtedly moving in the right direction, but the Gunners must add to their ranks in order to continue their ascent. While it may take breaking the bank to acquire Neves, he could well prove to be a key piece in Arsenal's promising puzzle. 