Manchester United have reportedly requested that they be kept informed of any potential developments with Robert Lewandowski after holding talks with the veteran’s camp. The Poland international has been in sensational form this term, netting 28 goals from just 24 Bundesliga appearances. However, a move away from Bayern Munich could be on the cards. Lewandowski wants a new contract with Bayern but, with the club targeting Erling Haaland, could end up leaving the Allianz Arena. He recently addressed speculation over his future, admitting he was ‘open to anything’ amid links to the likes of Arsenal and Manchester City. “I am open to everything. I'm quiet,” he said at the start of the month. “It is important for me to be able to focus on my game, always on what can happen in the last match. “Everything that remains to be done regarding the contracts is a secondary issue and remains in the background.” Yet, now, 90min claim United are eyeing a deal for Lewandowski this summer. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz It’s claimed that, after holding talks with the 33-year-old’s representatives, they’ve requested they be kept informed of any potential developments. United are said to have held conversations with Lewandowski’s entourage because they know of Bayern’s desire to sign Haaland. Any deal that takes the striker from Dortmund to Munich won’t be easy, however, with the likes of Real Madrid, Chelsea, Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain also interested. Lewandowski's representatives ‘are now looking at options should he part ways with Bayern.’ And United ‘would consider the idea’ should he become available amid uncertainty over the likes of Anthony Martial, Cristiano Ronaldo, Edinson Cavani and Mason Greenwood. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Greenwood is unavailable for selection at present, while Martial may be sold to the highest bidder with Sevilla not interested in landing him permanently. Cavani intends to leave on a free transfer amid interest from clubs in Spain and South America, while Ronaldo could quit if the Red Devils end up failing to qualify for next season’s Champions League. United aren’t the only team talking to Lewandowski’s camp, though. City, Arsenal, Aston Villa and Newcastle are also teams who have been ‘informed’ of the Bayern veteran’s potential availability. Much will depend on the club itself, however. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here If they do miss out on Haaland, it’s feasible they’ll renew Lewandowski’s deal given his outstanding and proven record. But, should they manage to rock Dortmund with yet another raid, the Poland hitman may leave the Allianz Arena behind. Speaking in 2020, meanwhile, Lewandowski confirmed he came close to joining United when Sir Alex Ferguson was manager. "After my second year in Dortmund, I had a conversation with Sir Alex Ferguson,” he said. "He wanted me to come to Manchester. "I was very interested. I can even say I was ready. But Dortmund didn't want to let me go. "It didn't upset me more than that because things were going well with Borussia." Ferguson also revealed in his autobiography, Leading, that Lewandowski was a player he’d been interested in. “Mick Phelan and I had been to Germany to see the German cup final, to watch Shinji Kagawa, Robert Lewandowski and Mats Hummels,” he said. In the end, however, the Red Devils decided to sign Robin van Persie from Arsenal instead.