The tension keeps ramping up in the latest edition of the Channel 9 reality series, available to watch on E4 in the UK. This week, Olivia Fraser accused Domenica Calarco of attempting to attack her with broken glass after their row on Monday night got out of hand. The Married At First Sight star has now herself been accused of embellishing the incident, causing husband Jackson Lonie to slam the show’s editing. Jackson claimed Olivia wasn’t the only one who exaggerated the situation after Domenica’s tirade during Monday’s episode of Married At First Sight. The Australian reality star indicated he and Olivia are still very much together as he blasted Channel 9’s unreliable depiction of the events. “It's kind of like they wanted to set this up from the start so poor Liv gets a reaming from everybody,” he told Now To Love. The fight kicked off when Olivia told Domenica to watch her tone, which prompted her to smash a wine glass on the table and lash out from across the table. READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' After the dust had settled, Jackson’s bride claimed she witnessed makeup artist Domenica still holding the broken glass and waving it in her face, though the recording proves otherwise. However, Jackson claimed the series specifically chose to focus on Olivia’s recount of events over the other brides’. He recalled: “Every girl I spoke to that night said the same thing, but once again that edit is an amazing thing.” Jackson claimed to have spoken to his co-star Ella Ding after the incident, who supposedly said the same thing. “She says ‘oh, look, it was in her fingers maybe a bit too long, it wasn't meant as a weapon but it was in there’,” he insisted. Tensions were clearly running high over dinner, and Jackson maintained Olivia wasn’t the only bride concerned for her safety in the heat of the moment. The Married At First Sight star also seemed to have confirmed he and Olivia are still very much together when he opened up about his exercise routine. “To this day I go to the gym and she's cool with it,” he confirmed. DON'T MISS:Discovery of Witches star details what happened after Emily’s death [INTERVIEW]Star Trek Discovery: Book’s death ‘sealed’ by director hint [SPOILERS]Better Call Saul season 6: Lalo’s survival sealed? [THEORY] In an additional interview on KIIS 106.5’s Kyle and Jackie O show, Jackson revealed more about his bride’s struggles with how she’s been depicted this season. He told listeners: “If people actually want to come and get to know us (then) I'm more than happy to have a beer with them and sit down have a chat and, you know, go through everything that we've been through. “The abuse needs to stop. It's pretty upsetting. Poor Liv can't go to the shops without having somebody there.” In the latest episode on Wednesday, Olivia discovered Domenica’s OnlyFans account and shared it amongst her co-stars. She told MAFS producers: “I don't think I regret sharing the information about Dom's OnlyFans.” “Someone smashes a wine glass in your face, you Google them,” she also said to Tamara Djordjevic. The Australian show’s ninth season still has a few more episodes left, so reality fans should expect plenty more drama to come next week. Married At First Sight: Australia continues Sunday, March 20 on Channel 9 in Australia and is available on Channel 4 and All4 in the UK.