Speaking to BBC Breakfast host Jon Kay, transport secretary Grant Shapps defended Britain's criticised response to the ongoing refugee crisis stemming from the Russian invasion of Ukraine. As Kay laid into him about intake figures in the UK contrasting with the rest of Europe, Shapps insisted the schemes in place were "generous". Following the interview on Wednesday, BBC viewers stormed Twitter to slam the "squirming" MP's comments. Kay asked why there was confusion about evacuation and visa points for those wanting to flee to Britain. "It looks like a process in crisis," he commented, accusing the government of making plans too late. Shapps replied: "I know that we are setting up visa applications in Lille in order to bring it closer-" "Setting up?" Kay cut in. "Shouldn't it be set up already?" READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot? The presenter went on: "I mean, we've heard from families who have left Ukraine, they've bundled their children, their few possessions into a car and they've told us they found it easier to get out of a war than they're finding it to get into Britain to join their families." "Make no mistake, we want to make this as straightforward as possible," the MP responded. "At the same time, everyone would expect us to know who's coming into the country, not least because we know the way that Putin operates, and we want to make sure that people are safe. "So, we do have to have a process, so we know who's coming to the country. "As I say, we have massively expanded up the number of processing locations but also the number of appointments made to 6,000 from just 800 a day "And look, anyone seeing these pictures, you want to help, everyone wants to help. I think people can be proud of what Britain's done providing more humanitarian aid than any other nation. "And we do, of course, need to sort out whatever processing issues are there. "I don't and we don't want to see people caught up with the criminal gangs in Calais and the like. DON'T MISS... EastEnders' Gray Atkins to lose custody of his children? [SPOILER]Martin Compston details 'awkward' intimate scenes on set 'Boundaries' [EXCLUSIVE]Schofield hits back as guest blames Brexit for refugee crisis [VIDEO] "We've got to keep this process entirely separate because we don't want people traffickers to be the way that people caught up. "So, very clear we need two separate routes, incredibly generous schemes, 200,000 people coming in through that family schemes." Meanwhile, those tuned in took to social media to challenge Shapp's suggestions. Twitter user Dominic McLoughlin remarked: "Grant Shapps really squirming on this interview, the slimy toad! #BBCBreakfast." Gordon Arnott wrote: "Ukrainian refugees telling BBC they found it easier to get out of a war than get to Britain to be reunited with their families. #BBCBreakfast  #GrantShapps reply a self-congratulatory nod to the government’s 'incredibly generous scheme.' #UkraineRussianWar." Paul Johnson penned: "Generous word of the day #BBCBreakfast." "Grant Shapps not even close to defending the indefensible on #BBCBreakfast," JustMick stated. He added: "If govt is concerned about people smugglers and Russian poisoners, send our armed forces to bring the Ukrainians who need help to us by bus and plane." (sic) Maz added: "#BBCBreakfast Can’t stand to listen to Grant Shapps world beating flannel while people fleeing a war zone suffer. Makes me totally ashamed of my country." BBC Breakfast airs daily at 6am on BBC One.