Our House is ITV's next gripping thriller for viewers to get excited about. As fans of Louise Candlish's book will know, Our House tells the tale of Bram (played by Martin Compston) and his wife Fi (Tuppence Middleton) who have become estranged with their marriage on the verge of being over. But things are made even worse when Fi returns from work to discover their family home has been sold to someone else without her knowledge. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Our House.Our House switches between two different timelines, the first when Bram and Fi are a happily married couple moving into their new home. The second is set in the present day where they still reside together but live almost separate lives, bar taking care of children. Fi starts seeing new fling Toby (Rupert Penry-Jones) and Bram is dating Wendy (Buket Komur) which is already a minefield for everyone involved. So when all of Bram and Fi's worldly belongings in the house that gets sold under their noses are gone, they must figure out what actually happened and try and salvage their lives. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? Our House premieres on Monday, March 7, on ITV with an hour-long episode. The mini-series is going to be made up of a total of four episodes. Viewers will be glad to know they won't have to wait weekly for the next instalment. Instead, Our House is going to be airing over four consecutive nights on ITV. This means that the thriller will be reaching its climax, showing its final episode on Thursday, March 10. But if you would rather watch the series at your own pace, then there is an alternative. All episodes of Our House are going to be ready to watch on the channel's streaming service ITV Hub. They will become available after the first instalment airs on ITV. DON'T MISS... 'Getting sea sick' The Ipcress File viewers fume over issue with showMartin Compston details reason Our House cast resented him [CAST]Is Our House based on a true story? [EXPLAINER] Talking about this latest drama to RadioTimes.com, actor Compston explained: "It has some really tough emotional scenes that myself and Tuppence particularly have to go through."I hadn't quite seen it like it before. And it's also a successful book. So you know, you've got a sort of inbuilt audience to an extent. For me, it was a page-turner. "At the heart of it is a relationship drama. "It's about the breakdown of a marriage which then sort of morphs into this thriller, which I find really exciting because when I started reading it I got really wrapped up in the marriage of Bram and Fi and his breakdown, but then - it's hard to say without giving away spoilers - it just goes wild... it goes to places you really don't expect." Candlish's book which ITV's Our House is based on is a Sunday Times bestseller originally published in 2019. The book also won the Book of the Year in the Crime and Thriller category at the British Book Awards the following year. So fans of the novel will be excited to see how ITV brings the drama to life for the small screen. Our House premieres on Monday, March 7, at 9pm on ITV.