Comic Relief will air on Friday night and will see a number of celebrities gathering together to raise money for charity. However, the BBC programme, which has been broadcast every year since 1988, has faced an unexpected challenge after one of its main presenters contracted COVID-19. The Masked Singer presenter Joel Dommett was due to co-host the programme along with the likes of Lenny Henry and Zoe Ball. However, the comedian has since confirmed he will no longer be attending. In view of his 837,000 Instagram followers, Joel shared a promotion picture of the Comic Relief presenters. Although the only difference was, he had crossed himself out of the image and drew an arrow pointing to his face along with the word "Covid". READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role Joel also confirmed who would be stepping in to replace him on Friday night. He wrote: "Super annoyed to report that I have the vid. This unfortunately means I have to pull out of hosting @comicrelief." However, he did go on to reveal the chaos was short-lived as his stand-in was found soon after. He added: "My incredible replacement is the better looking, more talented @vernonkay who is ace. "I’ll be watching from home donating loads of money like everyone else!" Joel's followers were quick to reply to his post, with many sending him get-well-soon messages. JLS singer Aston Merrygold penned: "Feel better soon bruv." (sic). Joel's fellow I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! co-star Vicky Pattison wrote: "I Love you. Hope you feel better soon." While Zoe Ball commented: "Feel better damn." DON'T MISS...Holding viewers 'switch off' ITV drama after '10 minutes' [REACTION]Vera star opens up on rejection by TV bosses [INSIGHT]Emmerdale family torn apart after Amelia discovers she's pregnant? [SPOILERS] Comic Relief's official Instagram page also commented on Joel's post, writing: "We’ll miss you, Joel, feel better soon. And we’re excited to see you @vernonkay." Joel went on to address one of his gigs, which he was due to perform at on Saturday. Taking to his Instagram story, he said: "A lot of people are asking me about Saturday's tour date because of my rona vibes. "I think it's obviously safest to postpone it. We are currently trying to find a date. "So, hold with me and if you're doubling up on plans then confirm those other plans," he added. Several celebrities have already taken part in gruelling challenges for Comic Relief. Olympic diver Tom Daley completed a four-day challenge which saw him rowing, swimming, cycling and running from London down to his home town of Plymouth. While Radio 1 DJ Jordan North took part in a 100-mile row from London to Burnley. Comic Relief airs on Friday at 7pm on BBC One.