The royal celebrates her 32nd birthday today and is likely to be preparing for a weekend of festivities — and no doubt she will be opening some lovely presents. As granddaughter of the Queen — Eugenie can probably count on her grandmother for a pretty special gift. While the Royal Family are known for their novelty Christmas presents, the cheap and cheerful rule does not apply all year round. In fact, the Queen treated Eugenie and Princess Beatrice, her fifth and sixth grandchildren, to a very expensive gift when the sisters were just children.In 1997, when Beatrice and Eugenie were eight and nine, the Queen bought the girls Birch Hall, a country estate in Surrey.The mansion, which boasts seven bedrooms, a tennis court and five acres of land, was held for the sisters to use when they were older.However, despite having the property to themselves, Eugenie and Beatrice never actually moved into Birch Hall. According to the Daily Mail, Sarah Ferguson refused to move in because she could not afford the upkeep and running costs of the Georgian property.Instead, they remained at the former marital home of Sunninghill Park, six miles away near Ascot.Birch Hall was reportedly sold for £1.5million, with the money being put into a trust for the sisters to access once they got older.In 2016, the house was sold again for £4.2million. At the time of the second sale, estate agent Andrew Russell from Strutt & Parker told the Mail: “It is probably one the very best of north Surrey’s village houses, there’s not many that come on the market.“The house itself is a very attractive and imposing-looking property. Some of the rooms are really quite dramatic, with high ceilings and full floor to ceiling sash windows.“It's got a swimming pool, tennis court and beautiful specimen trees dating from Victorian times in the garden.“Every summer the owners have opened up the gardens for a charity event with picnics and a live band, so the house is quite prominent in the village. DON'T MISSPrince Harry and Meghan Markle mocked after Oscars claim [INSIGHT]Queen releases new £14.99 botanical kitchen product [REVEAL]Prince Charles 'absolutely desperate' to see Archie and Lilibet [REPORT] “The owners bought it from the trustees acting for the Queen in 1999. The trustees bought it in 1997 for the princesses and I imagine it was chosen because it's a pretty house in a popular village and the gardens are a real draw, it's more like parkland. But they never moved in.”Fergie and Prince Andrew continued to live together despite their divorce in 1996.Eugenie and Beatrice lived at Royal Lodge, Windsor until they were adults.Now, Eugenie resides at Frogmore Cottage with her husband Jack Brooksbank and their son — August Philip Hawke Brooksbank, who was born last year. The home was formerly made up of five separate properties for those working on the estate, but it was converted into one five-bedroom house before Meghan Markle and Prince Harry moved in in 2019.Meghan and Harry stepped down from their royal duties and moved to the US in January 2020.The couple have allowed Eugenie and her family to call their UK base home while they are living in Montecito, California.Eugenie and Harry share a close bond as the youngest cousins amongst the Queen’s grandchildren. The princess is the only member of the Royal Family to visit the Sussexes in California.Last month, the cousins were pictured at the Super Bowl together. They were later spotted with their spouses enjoying an evening out in LA. A friend of Eugenie’s told HELLO!: "Eugenie and Harry have always been close and they chat privately all the time."It was Harry who suggested she and Jack could use Frogmore Cottage because it is much bigger than their cottage at Kensington Palace.“It is a case of one family member reaching out to another."It’s been reported Frogmore Cottage will be the backdrop of Eugenie’s birthday celebrations.The princess will be spending her big day relatively quietly with Jack and August at their home on the Frogmore estate in Windsor.