Stan Wawrinka has given his verdict on the Big Three - and claimed it is “impossible to know” if his friend Roger Federer will ever return to competitive tennis. The three-time Grand Slam winner will return to action at the Monte-Carlo Masters next month after nearly a year out of the sport with a foot injury.  Wawrinka, who turns 37 later this month, did some of his recovery work at Paris Saint-Germain’s training ground and was able to watch Lionel Messi in action. And speaking to L’Equipe, the Swiss star spoke about the three tennis superstars he has shared his career with. Wawrinka said: "You cannot compare Nadal to any other player. It is almost in the routine of his career to be away from the circuit for several months and come back at the top. "He does it so often! But now, he has done it once again, at that age, at that level, obviously it is exceptional. "Djokovic? Like everyone who does not want to get vaccinated, he tried to find the solutions to carry on his job.   "Australia, it hit him hard, to be sure. He is a great champion, he has always known how to overcome difficult obstacles. He will return to the top level. "Roger? It is simply impossible to know for now. From what he says, from what he has shown, you see that he is a long way from knowing himself where things are going, until he restarts more intensive training. "The most important thing is not: what level can you have? But: what is the flame that you have inside you to do everything you have to do to push the limits.” Wawrinka won the Olympic doubles gold medal with Federer in 2008 but his fellow Swiss has not played since Wimbledon last year. Federer, now 40, has undergone a third knee operation and has yet to set a return date.   Wawrinka was full of praise for new world No.1 and Australian Open finalist Daniil Medvedev. “What he does is exceptional,” said the Swiss. “He finds solutions, he is a fighter. I would go to see a player like that because I find him beautiful to watch. He does everything. And him becoming No.1 is merited. I have said it all my career, the rankings don’t lie.” Former world No.3 Wawrinka is now down to world No.237 but finally feels fit again after training with the French league leaders.   PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi is a former Davis Cup player who reached world No.995 in 2002. “I called Nasser, who I know well from tennis,” Wawrinka explained. “He opened the doors for me. “I was as discreet as possible but you enter a bit into their world. I had some really good discussions, notably with the coach (Mauricio Pochettino). I spent a lot of time, unfortunately for him and for me, with Sergio Ramos because he was also injured during all this period. I went to see the matches. I like football and then to have the chance to see PSG, to see Messi arrive, follow their training, it was interesting.” 