But thermometers will quickly plummet back below freezing as a Polar surge ploughs through Russia towards the UK. Atlantic fronts crashing into western and southern Britain will collide unleashing a wet and windy run up to the mini-heatwave. Southerly winds from Thursday will ramp the thermostat up to 20C in parts plunging the UK into a sultry steam bath. Bitter easterly winds forecast ahead of the weekend will thrust the mercury in Scotland and northern England to a shivering -3C . Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “Warmer air coming in from Europe may well push temperatures to 13C in southern and south-eastern regions towards the end of the week, and there is the possibility of some locally higher temperatures. “The highest temperatures are likely to be on Wednesday or Thursday when we expect to see the peak. “But the weather is going to really flip-flop over the next week or so as this region of high pressure moves and the cold air wraps around it like a horseshoe.”  Britons should make the most of the warm weather with signals strengthening for a cold snap next weekend. A huge region of high pressure over Scandinavia could shift allowing bitter winds in from the East, Mr Dale warned. He said: “We expect to see a huge contrast in temperatures with the possibility of some snow over the Grampians and a return to frosty mornings. “The colder weather looks likely to arrive by next weekend with Continental air replaced by easterlies.”  Britain’s weather is brewing a turbulent run up to the warm spell with three days of wind and rain on the cards. A ‘complex interaction’ between weather systems during the middle of the week will bring heavy showers to parts, forecasters warn. Rain will be confined to the northwest on Tuesday although most of the country will be back in the firing line mid-week, according to Netweather’s Nick Finnis. He said: “Monday will see showers across the northwest and far south, but generally an improvement with winds not as strong. “Tuesday’s looking largely dry and settled away from the far northwest. “On Wednesday, we see quite a complex interaction between two weather systems, one moving up from the south and the other approaching from the west culminating in rain breaking out in places. “A warm front looks to push of from the south, bringing in some warm air from France.” Fellow Netweather forecaster Ian Simpson added: "“It will turn very warm for the time of year away from south and east-facing coasts, with highs of 17 to 19C in parts of England and perhaps even 20C locally.”  Heavy showers threaten to drench parts of Britain on Wednesday before high pressure builds bringing warm sunshine. Weather models are hinting at another cold snap next weekend although forecasters are only cautiously sounding alarm bells.  John Hammond, meteorologist for weathertrending, said: “There will be some showers scattered around on Monday, though nowhere will it be raining all day long. “By Wednesday a disorganised band of wet weather will bring some heavier rain, then we will see high pressure build in but by day there will be increasing amounts of sunshine. “Some computer models have been hinting at something much colder they have been hinting at something like this several times over the past few weeks so I’m not convinced it will turn drastically cold, but there will be a cool breeze from this weekend.” 