Euphoria actress Sydney Sweeney, 24, has discussed the hugely successful teen drama Euphoria, in which she portrays Cassie. Sydney has revealed how she felt about stripping down on several occasions for the storyline, as well as her concerns about it. The actress said she researched other stars who had been naked in front of the camera in order to feel more comfortable when doing it herself. She also clarified that she is now “disconnected” from the nude scenes and hopes to change the societal double standards. Sydney told Cosmopolitan UK: “I’m so disconnected from it. “When I get tagged in Cassie’s or Pippa from The Voyeurs’s nudes, it feels like me looking at their nudes, not Sydney’s nudes. “When you film one of these scenes, it is so technical and so not romantic… “When I saw The Voyeurs for the first time, I wondered if I’d done too much.” She continued: “I researched celebrities who have done nude scenes, trying to make myself feel better. “There are hour-long compilations of world-famous male actors with nude scenes who win Oscars and get praised for that work. “But the moment a woman does it, it degrades them… “There’s such a double standard and I really hope I can have a little part in changing that.” Sydney had previously spoken about getting naked and how it affected her reputation as an actress. Speaking to The Independent, she admitted she was “very proud” of her performance in Euphoria, but critics did not talk about it because she had stripped down. DON'T MISSJulia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [INSIGHT]Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him [NEWS]David Niven wife: Roger Moore claimed Niven's wife 'was b**** to him' [LATEST] Comparing her character in Euphoria to the one she played in comedy-drama show The White Lotus, Sydney said she believed critics were “paying more attention” to the latter despite her “great performance” in the HBO series. She explained: “With The White Lotus, I felt like people were finally recognising the hard work I’ve been doing. “This is something that has bothered me for a while. “I’m very proud of my work in Euphoria. I thought it was a great performance. “But no one talks about it because I got naked.” Sydney added: “I do The White Lotus and all of a sudden critics are paying attention. “People are loving me. They’re going, ‘Oh my God, what’s she doing next?’ “I was like, ‘Did you not see that in Euphoria? Did you not see that in The Handmaid’s Tale?’” The April/May issue of Cosmopolitan UK goes on sale from 22nd March