It was recently claimed the Queen only answers the phone to two people - one which is Princess Anne. With the Princess Royal on speed dial to her Her Majesty, it raises the question of who her favourite child really is? Over the years, Prince Andrew has been hailed number one, and Express.co.uk spoke to body language expert Darren Stanton about the relationship between the Queen and her daughter. Royal commentator Jonathan Sacerdoti claimed there are two people who have instant access to the Queen. In a chat with US presenter Christina Garibaldi, Jonathan was asked: “We also have information about who Queen speaks to the most. Right? “I think it’s her daughter, Princess Anne, right?” Jonathan added: “The two people she phones the most are said to be her daughter Princess Anne and her racing manager John Warren." READ MORE: Sophie Wessex wows in beautiful outfit after showing up for Queen Royal commentator Jonathan Sacerdoti claimed there are two people who have instant access to the Queen. In a chat with US presenter Christina Garibaldi, Jonathan was asked: “We also have information about who Queen speaks to the most. Right? “I think it’s her daughter, Princess Anne, right?” Jonathan added: “The two people she phones the most are said to be her daughter Princess Anne and her racing manager John Warren." With this in mind, is Princess Anne the Queen’s favourite child? On behalf of the online casino Slingo, Darren Stanton, a body language expert, discussed the Queen’s relationship with her daughter. He said: "I think the Queen clearly has a very special relationship with Princess Anne which is different to the one that she has with the three boys, given that she is her only daughter. "Princess Anne is known to be quite a tough person and very good in a crisis. “And out of all of the royal children, even though she has had issues in the past, she remains one of the most resolute and strongest members of the senior Royal Family. DON'T MISS...Camilla breaks royal protocol with 'stunning' Commonwealth Day outfit [STYLE]Meghan & Sophie ‘unhappy in each other’s company' - expert suggests [VIDEO]Kate Middleton: How to make Duchess' brownies [ROYAL RECIPE] “It is for this reason therefore that Princess Anne would be one of the few people in the world who has instant access to the Queen of England.” The expert continued: "The Queen has always been a very strong person emotionally and she rarely displays emotion in public. “Although when we see Princess Anne and the Queen at the races and various other country pursuits, their smiles and genuine happiness is undeniable when they spend a lot of time together in the outdoors. "When we talk about matching and mirroring in psychology and body language this means that each person is mirroring the other’s posture and gestures. “While in the case of Princess Anne and the Queen, if we look at photographs of the pair together, while they are dressed in country attire with the headscarf, for example, the two look more like sisters than mother and daughter as they are in complete synchronicity and have a deep rapport.” Darren added: “Princess Anne also shares the Queen’s love of all things equestrian, a passion clearly very important to Her Majesty, especially when we consider her racing manager is said to be the other person she will answer the phone to. “Their love of horses undoubtedly brings them together.” Darren Stanton is a former police officer with Derbyshire police with a degree in psychology, who used his expertise to uncover the truth when interviewing hundreds of suspects. He later moved into media and TV as a consultant, being dubbed the “Human Lie Detector” appearing on the likes of BBC’s The One Show, ITV’s This Morning with Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby, as well as working on screen with criminal barrister Robert “Judge” Rinder. He has also analysed heightened political situations including General Election debates and key interviews with the likes of Dominic Cummings.