Surgery receptionist Miss Higgins has been part of hit BBC period drama Call the Midwife since her first appearance in 2018. Taking her job very seriously, she isn't one to wear her heart on her sleeve. But actress Georgie Glen, 65, recently explained the one storyline that caused the character to fall apart from her usual calm demeanour. Chatting on ITV's Lorraine, the Waterloo Road star recalled a similar personal experience she had faced which helped her relate to Miss Higgins. The latest series of the BBC staple saw Miss Higgins' colleagues becoming concerned when she failed to show up for work one day. It turned out her house had been robbed, and she had been left deeply impacted by the trauma. Stand-in presenter Christine Lampard asked the actress why Miss Higgins had become so distressed. "We did see a slightly more vulnerable side when we saw the burglary and her home was broken into," the 43-year-old pointed out. READ MORE: Shane Warne dead: Australia cricket legend dies aged 52 "Yes," Georgie agreed. "And that, I think, is the only time you've seen her vulnerable. "I think she's very good, she's learned to wear her armour - she doesn't easily show her inner side to anybody. "I think beginning with nurse Crane (played by Linda Bassett) that's beginning to come out a bit in her friendship [with her] and when she trusts." She continued: "But she protects herself and I think that burglary really knocked her sideways because she couldn't control it, you know?" The Heartbeat star opened up about her own experience with burglary. She continued: "I mean, I've been broken into, I don't know if you have." "Yeah, I have," Christine shared as the actress explained how terrifying a break-in can be on the victim. She added: "The consequences - you just don't know until it's happened to you. DON'T MISS... Dad’s Army star speaks out on John Le Mesurier 'Felt sorry for him' [LATEST]A Place in the Sun's Ben Hillman slapped down by guest 'Bad books' [VIDEO]Steph's Packed Lunch cancelled in schedule shake-up [REACTION] "The mental impact it has on you, apart from the loss of anything you might lose from a practical point of view, you just feel unsafe. "It's like a kind of loss of innocence that your home is no longer the haven it was." Series 11 of Call the Midwife has only recently concluded, but series 12 and 13 have now been given the green light. The season ended with a tragic train crash, and Miss Higgins was on-hand during the tragedy to help out those injured by the collision. She informed Sister Hilda (Fenella Woolgar) about the crash and that the driver had died. Sister Hilda was caring for the driver's pregnant wife, so was devastated by the news. Thankfully, none of the major characters were killed off in the explosive episode, but the community came together to help each other. Announcing that two more series would be going ahead, show creator Heidi Thomas said: "It’s an incredible privilege to be able to look back on a decade of Call the Midwife, and yet know that our journey is still very far from over. "We are thrilled to be going on for a few more years!" Call the Midwife is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.