Emlyn Roberts, 69, fell while walking along his high street during a shopping trip and was in excruciating pain. Members of the public found the man complaining of pain in his hip and phoned for an ambulance at around 12.30pm, but were told to expect delays. An ambulance finally arrived in Colwyn Bay, north Wales, just before 11pm, at which point Mr Roberts had been on the ground for more than 10 hours, North Wales Live reports. Mr Roberts' sister-in-law, Lynn Roberts, said: "He was left for 10 hours lying on the concrete, you can forgive a couple of hours, even a few hours if necessary, but 10 hours is just not acceptable. "I did get quite irate because my brother-in-law was lying on the floor, moaning in agony, and I couldn't do anything to help him. "I spoke to someone and she said 'you'll just have to wait, we're doing what we can'. I said to her, '10 hours is ridiculous'." An off-duty volunteer first responder passed by and stayed by Mr Roberts' side until the ambulance came.    Staff from businesses on the high street showed "incredible kindness", bringing blankets and hot water bottles to keep them warm as day turned to night. But Mrs Roberts is furious with the service received from the NHS. She continued: "We could've got him there much quicker ourselves but we didn't want to risk moving him by lifting him into the car in case there was untold damage. "I don't think there's enough staff in the hospital to deal with the influx of patients. It's not just the wait for the ambulance, there's ambulances queuing outside hospitals because there's not enough people to treat them. "I've got to say, the people of Colwyn Bay were incredible. "The passers-by and shopkeepers were wishing him well, phoning ambulances, they were amazing."  Mr Roberts is now at Ysbyty Glan Clwyd in Bodelwyddan, north Wales, where he is receiveing treatment for a broken hip. Welsh Ambulance Service says it has experienced "a very high demand" for services" this week. Sonia Thompson, director of operations for the service, said: "There has been very high demand for our services this week, and this – coupled with the pressures across the entire urgent care system, including extensive hospital handover delays – has meant that some patients have waited much longer for our help, sometimes many hours. "Regrettably, Mr Roberts was among those patients and we are deeply sorry for what will have been a distressing experience for all involved. We are actively engaged with colleagues across the health system to help improve flow so that ambulances can be released from emergency departments – being rendered unable to respond to the community in a timely way is frustrating for us as it is for patients. "In the meantime, the public can help by using our services appropriately – if it's not a serious or life-threatening emergency, the first port of call should be the NHS 111 Wales website for advice, or local GP, pharmacist or Minor Injuries Unit. We would welcome contact should the family wish to explore our response further."  