In April France will take to the polls and decide whether to give President Emmanuel Macron a second five year term, or entrust a different candidate with the presidency. Re-election for Mr Macron would defy critics, with the incumbent’s first term in the Elysee Palace having drawn criticism from both the left and right, and given him a consistent approval rating of around 40 percent. However, the President comfortably leads the first round polls after France’s strong post-pandemic economic recovery, while his ratings have boosted further after Putin’s invasion of Ukraine.   The President has played a central role in diplomatic efforts to de-escalate the war, and has held regular conversations with both Putin and Ukraine’s Volodymyr Zelensky. According to Politco’s Poll of Polls Mr Macron is projected to garner 28 percent of the first round vote with his closest rival Ms Le Pen polling at 19 percent. Ms Le Pen is the most likely candidate to face Mr Macron in what would be a repeat of the 2017 election. The far-right leader has attempted to detoxify her party’s image, however her campaign has been plagued by a “prominent falling out” with her niece Marion Marechal Le Pen.  Read More: 'This is huge' Swedish Air Force jet deployed over Belarus border Speaking to Express.co.uk Dr Lees explained: “Before Russia invaded Ukraine there was a very clear sense that Macron was head and shoulders above the rest of the candidates, partly because the others had real difficulty in obtaining the necessary signatures to become candidates. “[Eric] Zemmour didn’t have any party links so it was very difficult for him to reach out to local representatives; people who have been elected to serve their communities. “For Le Pen she’s also found it very difficult. “She had a quite prominent falling out with her niece Marion Marechal Le Pen, who at one point looked to be the prospective future of the party.   “So her campaign wasn’t great before and isn’t great now.” Earlier this month Ms Marechal Le Pen defected to Ms Le Pen’s election rival Eric Zemmour's campaign, causing a family rift. Anticipating the defection, the National Rally leader said in January that she was personally hurt by her niece’s “brutal” and “shocking” decision. Ms Le Pen's campaign has also been tarnished in the past month by past links to Putin. Don't Miss:Putin warned US against breaking ‘international law’ before Ukraine[OPINION]Macron's 'reprehensible' Putin comments once infuriated NATO ally[INSIGHT]Putin's strange marriage proposal to ex-wife laid bare: 'Breaking up?'[ANALYSIS] Though the National Rally leader has condemned Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, she travelled to Moscow and met the Russian President in the run-up to the 2017 presidential election. Meanwhile in October 2014 the far-right party, then called the National Front, borrowed €9million (£7.5million) from a Russian bank to finance its election campaigns. Dr Lees said: “I think in this particular context [Macron’s popularity has] really been helped by the way that Macron’s rivals have been discredited by their previous links to Putin and the Putin regime. “Particularly Marine Le Pen, of course, the leader of the Resemblement National party on the far right.  “Certainly the centre right party [also] has historic links to Russia and to Putin. “So I think for Macron it’s a combination of [that and] the long standing French tradition of enjoying their President being a world leader, an international statesman, in the image of Charles De Gaulle when he was President. “The timing for Macron really couldn’t be any better because he already looked as though he was going to be likely to win this forthcoming Presidential election.  “There weren’t really any rivals to challenge him suitably to obtain the keys to the Elysee Palace. “This is a brilliant opportunity for him to project that international presence. That world statesman figure. “And I think he’s benefited from the discrediting of his rivals.” 