Outlander has finally returned after a two-year hiatus caused by Covid-related filming delays. The Starz series is going to follow author Diana Gabaldon's sixth book titled A Breath of Snow and Ashes which was originally published in 2005. As in the novel, a new family have been introduced which could signal trouble ahead for the Frasers. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Outlander.Outlander season six made its big debut at the weekend on Sunday, March 6 on Starz and Starzplay in the UK. While he hadn't been seen in the period drama before, Tom Christie (played by Mark Lewis Jones) was already acquainted with Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan). Tom had joined the Stuarts during the Jacobite Rising in 1745 and was imprisoned in Ardsmuir prison where Jamie also was. They didn't exactly see eye to eye so when Tom arrived at Fraser's Ridge, Jamie was wary. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? Nevertheless, Tom was able to settle down in the community alongside his family. When he arrived, Tom was joined by his son Allan (Alexander Vhalos) and his neice Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds). She seems particularly interested in what Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) is getting up to at work, asking a lot of questions around medical practices. But can Malva and the rest of the Christie family really be trusted? Malva Christie in Outlander season six is portrayed by actress Jessica Reynolds. She is very new to acting with just a couple of credits under her belt. In 2020, Reynolds played Rachel in the BBC Three comedy-drama My Left Nut. Then later that same year, she was the titular character in the film The Ballad of Audrey Earnshaw. DON'T MISS...NCIS' Pauley Perrette issues passionate plea against Ukrainian war [CAST]Outlander pays tribute to 'friend' Alan Decker with sweet title card [TRIBUTE]Outlander’s Sophie Skelton on importance of Claire and Brianna scene [EXPLAINER] Actress Reynolds will be celebrating her birthday at the end of the month on March 25. She is currently 23 but is going to be 24 in just a couple of weeks time. Sharing a behind-the-scenes interview for Outlander on her Instagram page, Reynolds described Malva as a "young determined girl". She also went on to explain why she thinks herself and Claire share a bond. Reynolds said: "Malva has a lot of modern day tendencies and ways of thinking. "And that's why I think Claire connects with her. She's just fascinated by it. "There are so many bits in the script where most people would be disgusted with what they're dealing with while Malva is just enraptured by all of it and she's ready to have a purpose." Outlander season 6 continues every Sunday on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.