 Sophie Morgan is one of the famous faces taking part in this year’s The Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up To Cancer. The Channel 4 series sees stars take on a range of baking challenges as they battle it out to be crowned the winner. However, Sophie has confessed the cooking tasks weren’t easy and has accused show bosses of being “deliberately mean”.   Sophie was welcomed onto The One Show on Tuesday evening to chat about the celebrity spin-off of The Great British Bake Off. The star confessed she didn’t fare too well in the iconic Bake Off tent as she struggled with some of the challenges. Sophie explained: “I was so nervous going into the tent because it’s such an institution and you don’t want to mess up. “I was like ‘I’m going to make such a fool of myself,’ but it's all for a good cause so it was worth it. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Ken Barlow horrified over Jacob Hay's secret?  “It was really fun and I actually really surprised myself,” she added. Detailing what went wrong for her on the show, Sophie said: “There was certain challenges that we had to do. "So, the first two were absolute chaos because they were deliberately mean to us. “They were deliberately mean. They would give us instructions and then they’d leave bits out.   “So I was like ‘I don’t know how to do these basic things.' I don’t have a clue so normally you’d Google it, but you can’t Google it. “So there I am going ‘Oh no what am I going to do’,” she confessed. However, Sophie insisted it wasn’t all bad for her in the Bake Off tent: “There was one challenge that I actually did alright in. “I don’t know if I’m allowed to say this but I’m going to say it anyway because it was the highlight of probably my year. DON'T MISS...Tipping Point’s Ben Shephard criticises player’s tactics ‘A bit off’ [MUST SEE]Time season 2: When will the Sean Bean series return? [INSIGHT]EastEnders twist as Chelsea Fox 'given heartbreaking health diagnosis' [SPOILERS]  “Paul Hollywood said ‘Too good to eat,’” she revealed. Sophie also spoke about how she is a wheelchair user and the show adapted her cooking space to suit her needs. “It was great actually because the guys contacted me before and said ‘What do you need?’ “I’m like ‘I don’t really know how to use a kitchen so I can’t really tell you, but lower surfaces would be helpful for me because obviously, I use my chair and then being able to get underneath.'   “They redesigned the bench and they were brilliant. Then getting around the tent was fine. There were ramps here and there,” she explained. “They know what they’re doing. It was really brill, it was really easy,” Sophie added. She also insisted her fellow contestants and the judges were very welcoming. The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC and The Great Celebrity Bake Off airs Tuesday at 8pm on Channel 4. 