Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge recently completed a royal tour of the Caribbean, stopping off in Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas. While the couple has been commended for some aspects of their visit, the tour has been marred by criticism that it was outdated and insensitive. The commentary surrounding his tour prompted William to issue an unprecedented statement on Sunday about the "future" of the Commonwealth. In a lengthy statement on social media, William said: “Foreign tours are an opportunity to reflect. You learn so much. “What is on the minds of Prime Ministers. The hopes and ambitions of school children. The day-to-day challenges faced by families and communities. “I know that this tour has brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future.  READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘childish’ and ‘petty’ over Philip memorial “In Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas, that future is for the people to decide upon." William also stressed he and his wife Kate were "committed to service" and saw their role as supporting people and "not telling them what to do". Several reports have since suggested William has held in-depth discussions with royal aides about how the Royal Family needs to evolve. Here are just three of the ways William could modernise the monarchy when he is King based on the reaction to his Platinum Jubilee tour.  Reports have indicated that Prince William wishes to have a smaller staff behind him than his father Prince Charles currently has, who will work on "comfortable and credible" good causes. A source told The Sun: “William and Kate will modernise how they work. It’s a breath of fresh air. “They were bruised by attacks that their Caribbean trip harked back to the colonial age. "In future, they will rip up the rule-book and do things ‘The Cambridge Way’. They’re trying to work out what that will look like. “It is not a criticism of how it was done in the past. But times are changing.” DON'T MISS:Monarchy holds the key to Global Britain, writes JONATHAN SAXTY [COMMENT] Kate Middleton made touching apology after not wearing 'pretty dress' [INSIGHT]Prince William forced into awkward photo-op as 'nobody would listen' [ANALYSIS]  The Queen's reign has been guided by the mantra of "never complain, never explain", meaning the monarch has often appeared as a detached public figure when faced with controversy. And while Prince William has the utmost respect for the Queen, her mantra could undergo some changes during his reign. A source told the Daily Mail: "The Prince believes that for him, the days of 'never complain' are over. "He definitely won't be speaking out regularly but believes if the monarchy has something to say, then it should say it."  Prince William and other Royal Family members will likely be revising how their royal tours operate in the future after commentators dubbed the Caribbean tour a "disaster". Speaking to Nine News Australia, the Daily Mirror's royal editor Russell Myers said: "We are in a very, very different landscape from pre-Covid times. "This trip down memory lane to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee where she was adored many decades ago. It's just simply not the world we live in now." Pictures of the Duke and Duchess shaking hands with children through a wire fence has prompted controversy, as has the decision for Kate and William to recreate an image of the Queen standing in an open-topped Land Rover in the 1950s. Mr Myers added: "The touching of children's hands through fences, cropped photos but they have been really blown up. "The images of them getting on that Land Rover and going around the airstrip I just found absolutely extraordinary. "How William and Kate didn't see those pitfalls and their team didn't see those pitfalls is simply extraordinary. "I think they're going to have to face up to some really harsh criticism because, in reality, it was a disaster." 