ABC’s hit medical drama The Good Doctor made its highly anticipated return to screens after a lengthy mid-season break. Thankfully for fans, showrunner David Shore dropped some major hints about Dr Shaun Murphy (played by Freddie Highmore) and Lea Dilallo’s (Paige Spara) relationship after they left things on an uncertain note.  The last time viewers saw the beloved professionals of San Jose St. Bonaventure hospital, Shaun had called it quits on his relationship with Lea. This came after the tragic death of a patient's baby Shaun, Lim (Christina Chang), and Jordan (Bria Samoné Henderson) were operating on. Shaun felt particularly awful as the child died after the hospital’s supply of life-saving medication had expired due to Salen Morrison’s (Rachel Bay Jones) new policy. While he still felt raw about the death, Lea decided to change his patient report card score without telling him, which was his final straw.  READ MORE: ‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life Shaun was overcome with emotion as he broke down in the hospital’s pharmacy and told Lea they should go their separate ways and call off their wedding. Ahead of the show’s return, showrunner David Shore gave viewers an insight into the future of Shaun and Lea’s relationship. He told Entertainment Weekly: “Everybody is reeling from the death of the baby and of course, Shaun is reeling most of all. He doesn't simply go, ‘I was upset. Let's move on’. “He goes, ‘I was upset for a reason. You [Lea] let me down. You did wrong, and you have to make it right.’ And so can she make it right? Can she correct that?”  Shore hinted viewers could see some resistance from Lea when it comes to moving on. He continued: “How she responds to his intransigence is also part of the story. She's coming to him apologising [and asking], 'What more can I do?' And he gives more than she can do.” “Will anything be enough? And what does that say about Shaun, and what does that say about Lea?” Although the fan favourites were going through a rough patch, the showrunner added: “There is always hope.”  DON'T MISS...Former NATO commander issues warning over WW3 [NEWS]The Good Doctor star opens up on ‘cringe’ season 5 moment [INSIGHT]The Good Doctor star Bria Henderson talks 'blossoming' relationship [INSIGHT] Shore explained the aim of the show was to be realistic and show relatable people dealing with real challenges. He added: "We don't always have the happy ending, as evidenced by where we left off, but we want to have the happy ending, and more often than not we will.” Fans believe Shaun and Lea two will eventually reunite and overcome this rough patch, to get their engagement back on track. After all, they need the surgeons to find a way to move on from the baby’s death which could include an investigation into Salem.  Shore revealed although Salem won't shy away from the incident and she would instead want to remedy it, rather than look at her mistake. Although she would want to consider it a mistake and make adjustments, the team will refuse to stand for it and see it as an indictment of how she decided to run the hospital. Dr Audrey Lim (Christina Chang) will be at the forefront and make it her mission to take down Salem for the death her policies caused. Thankfully, fans will soon get to see how Shaun and Lea will proceed with their relationship. The Good Doctor season 5 is available to stream on ABC in the USA. A UK release date has yet to be confirmed. 