Presenting duo Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly returned ITV on Saturday for the latest instalment of Saturday Night Takeaway. However just minutes into the episode, many viewers hit out over a segment which was a game called The Masked Humdinger where a guest had to guess which of her family members were singing inside a whacky costume. Fans of the show branded the segment "pointless", with others calling it "rubbish".  The segment, which was based on the singing contest The Masked Singer, saw a guest called Laura try and figure out which of her loved ones was masquerading as a character on stage. Laura was left stumped when a mystery relative dressed as Bagpipes took to the stage to sing We Are Family by Sister Sledge. Following the performance, Ant said: "Laura, you look utterly confused by the whole thing, well-done Bagpipes." The Masked Humdinger judging panel included singer Paloma Faith, radio presenter Fleur East and Strictly Come Dancing's Craig Revel Horwood who were on hand to help Laura.  READ MORE: 90s TV presenters: Where are Pat Sharp and Jayne Middlemiss now?   Laura admitted she did not recognise the person's voice but it was later revealed her mum Elsie was behind the Bagpipes' outfit. "You didn't recognise your own mother's voice?" Ant scoffed. Laura then had to guess the identities of other characters on the stage who were also her family members. However, the segment received backlash from irritated viewers who were left questioning what the point of the game was.   Sandra fumed: "#SaturdayNightTakeaway why am I watching nonsense about The Masked Singer? Just show her her family and stop the rubbish viewing." Damian Bowell added: "Awful segment what's the point of it?? Bring back ring my bell #SaturdayNightTakeaway." Daniel Francis commented: "Next week on #SaturdayNightTakeaway: Pulling Teeth Live! That has to have been the worst segment on the show in all these years. Never do it again @antanddec @itv. So, so boring. And I'm a Masked Singer fan so it wasn't that." Rachel Bone raged: "What happened to Saturday Night Takeaway? It used to be original and funny. This Masked Singer slot is awful. Tedious. An even worse version than the original (which I wouldn’t have believed possible until now)! #SaturdayNightTakeaway." DON'T MISS...Brian May 'lost interest' in Adam Lambert collaboration on Queen song [LATEST]Ant and Dec address Ukraine invasion on Saturday Night Takeaway [MUST SEE]Ant McPartlin on 'links' between his health condition & drink-driving  [UPDATE] However, other viewers enjoyed the ending of the segment which saw Laura overcome with emotion after meeting her grandson for the first time on the show's stage. Laura broke down in tears after the final character was revealed as her daughter Holly who she had not seen in two years. Holly had travelled from Canada to surprise her mum with her son Logan who Laura had never had the chance to meet due to the coronavirus pandemic. Logan and his older brother Max then walked onto the stage and gave their grandmother Laura a huge hug.   The youngsters then gave the cameras a wave while Laura was wiping the tears away from her eyes. "#SaturdayNightTakeaway The Masked Singer part wasn't great but she was lovely and it was a nice ending," Rosie remarked. An emotional Rhea Kaur added: "[I] wasn’t sold on The Masked Singer but the end bit got me #SaturdayNightTakeaway." Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway airs on ITV on Saturdays at 7pm.  