Stacey Solomon, 32, paid tribute to her fiance Joe Swash for “running the ship” while she has been preoccupied with filming for BBC show, Sort Your Life Out, and promoting her new Spring/Summer collection with In The Style. On Monday, Stacey spent the day modelling the new clothing range from her garden. However, things didn't go as planned when two-year-old Rex’s playgroup was cancelled and her make-up artist had childcare issues, so had to bring her kids along too. Luckily, Joe was around to offer a helping hand and was looking after the “under ones” while Stacey incorporated the older children into the shoot. Stacey later went to check on Joe, who could be seen playing with their five-month-old daughter, Rose, while another baby was asleep on the bed. READ MORE:Michaela Strachan on hiding cancer diagnosis In a clip to her 5.1m Instagram flowers, Stacey giggled and said: “Joe’s on nap time...She’s obsessed with Joe,” as little Rose gazed at her dad while he showed her a squeaky toy. After the shoot, Stacey’s day didn’t end there, as she was heading to Rotherham for the first episode of Sort Your Life Out’s second series. At 10.30pm, the Loose Women panellist warned fans a “cheesy post” was in the works, as she took the time to thank Joe for all his help. Alongside a sweet photograph of Joe cradling baby Rose and Rex, Stacey penned: “Just a late-night appreciation post as I get ready to go to work. “Joe has been running the ship around here for the last few months. “I have been in and out making a bed or two, but he has been doing almost every school run, parents evening, dinners, and just smashing home life while I am away working. “Soon he is going to have Rosey Posey to add to the mix too because the long days of Sort Your Life Out filming will get too much and I know he will just carry on smashing it.” Stacey concluded by emotionally saying she is “so grateful” for her fiance and that she “couldn’t do it” without him. DON'T MISSOur Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen bans visitors to Ravenseat Farm[LATEST]Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, oozes Hollywood glamour on Oscars red carpet[INSIGHT]Ranvir Singh 'rolls eyes' at ex-GMB colleague's 'life changing' update[NEWS] She ended by telling Joe: “I know your dad is watching from wherever he is, so proud of the daddy you are.” Joe’s dad, Ricky, died when the EastEnders actor was just 11 years old from an undiagnosed heart condition called Sudden Arrhythmic Death Syndrome. Joe discussed his father’s traumatic death when he and Stacey appeared on Celebrity Gogglebox in 2020. They watched an episode of 999: What’s Your Emergency? which showed a young boy calling for medical help when his father collapsed from a heart attack. Joe then recalled when he had to ring an ambulance in the hopes that they could save his dad. He told Stacey: “I was only 11 when my dad passed away from a heart attack. I had to get the ambulance and all that business." Stacey and Joe started dating in 2016 after meeting through I’m A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here!. They became engaged in 2020 and share Rex and Rose, as well as Stacey’s son’s Leighton and Zachary from previous relationships, and Joe’s older son Harry.