Areas affected include London and south east England, Wales, west Midlands, south west England and north west England. The alert, which will be in place until 8.30am this morning, warns of slower journey times and the possibility of delays to bus and train services.  MORE TO COME... Visibility may drop to below 200 metres in places, the Met Office stated. The weather forecaster wrote: “Fog patches, some of them quite dense with visibility below 200 metres in places, will persist into the morning rush hour before lifting and clearing by mid-morning. “Denser fog patches are probably more likely in rural areas and near rivers and lakes.” The Met Office continued: “Fog patches may cause some disruption to travel during the morning rush hour.” READ MORE: Cold Weather Payments: Britons have two weeks left to claim   The warning comes as Brits await a pleasant weekend after forecasters predicted temperatures could rise to a staggering 18C. The Met Office has said that the hottest day so far in 2022 was 17.2C in Pershore, Worcestershire. Meanwhile, 23 flood alerts have been put in place in England, while 10 alerts were removed in the last 24 hours. While the start to the day will begin foggy, forecasters have stated “plenty of fine weather” will follow. DON'T MISSUK to bask in sun as Britain set for hottest day of year THIS WEEKEND [REVEAL]BBC Weather: Matt Taylor promises Britons 'plenty of sunshine' [UPDATE]Millions could get a £25 Cold Weather Payment - are you eligible? [INSIGHT]   The Met Office wrote: “Early fog patches over parts of Wales, the Midlands and southern England soon lifting and clearing. “Otherwise, conditions fine and dry with plenty of pleasantly warm sunshine. “Breezy in the north and across English Channel coastal areas.” However, the evening will quickly turn chilly along with a dry night with clear skies.    Residents living in the south and west should expect a windier night. Saturday will be another sunny day, with the Met Office predicting: “Fine, dry and bright with plenty of sunshine, but also windy, especially in the south and west. “Feeling pleasantly warm in the sunshine out of the wind.”  