Paris Saint-Germain's concerning run of form amid growing murmurs surrounding Mauricio Pochettino has left his future in the French capital in serious doubt. On the back of another season with Champions League success, club president Nasser Al-Khelaifi could be ready to cut ties with the Argentine manager. The Parisiens' recent implosion stems from their shocking collapse against Real Madrid earlier this month. Pochettino's side led 2-0 on aggregate at half-time in the second leg of their round-of-16 clash against Los Blancos at the Bernabeu, only to lose the tie 3-2. It extended the club's wait for an inaugural European Cup, intensified by their continued spending on players like Lionel Messi, Neymar, Kylian Mbappe and Sergio Ramos. Pochettino is nearing his first Ligue 1 title as PSG boss but missed out to Lille last season, and another failure in the Champions League has attracted mass criticism. His intense links to the vacant Manchester United job has only fuelled speculation that he won't be in the Parc des Princes dugout next season. Express Sport explores four potential options Al-Khelaifi could look at if he decides to dismiss Pochettino. JUST IN: Premier League fans urged to support non-league this weekend Zinedine Zidane Zinedine Zidane would be the clear favourite to succeed Pochettino at PSG, given he's currently out of work after leaving Real Madrid last summer. The three-time Champions League-winning coach was initially linked with the United job, but reports suggest he snubbed interest in waiting for a club closer to home... Thomas Tuchel Chelsea's financial situation is up in the air amid Roman Abramovich's messy sale, and Thomas Tuchel is being tipped to make a sensational return to Paris. He left the Ligue 1 giants with a 74.8 per cent win rate, winning six titles and reaching the Champions League final. Although the trophy evaded him at PSG, he won it a year later after just five months in charge of the Blues. READ MORE: Agbonlahor makes apology to Arsenal fans after Laura Woods takedown Marcelo Gallardo River Plate manager Marcelo Gallardo is one of the favourites to replace Pochettino after becoming a coaching icon in Argentina following a playing career in which he represented PSG. He has yet to prove himself in a European dugout but could be a surprise candidate on the club's shortlist. Antonio Conte Antonio Conte has regularly hinted he isn't entirely happy at Tottenham Hotspur, and if he isn't convinced the club's vision matches his, he could cut his contract one year short at the end of the campaign. The Italian has achieved great success, most recently at Inter Milan, and would add an interesting dynamic into a dressing room already crammed with big personalities. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here