One of the most popular hair looks is a big bouncy blow dry. Glamorous on any hair type, now shoppers can get a bargain one one of the most popular hair tools. With Mother’s Day coming up on Sunday 27 March 2022, it’s the perfect time to find a gift. This year, hot brushes are super popular as they help to achieve a sleek blow dry at home. The BaByliss Hydro Fusion Hot Air Styler is one of the most popular hair tools and is now discounted for less than £35. It’s the perfect gift for any beauty lover and makes getting a salon-looking blow out easy to do at home. The BaByliss Hydro Fusion Air Styler is a hot round brush that’s unique with its rotating function, which replicates a hairdresser’s blow dry. The brush can rotate either side to help you curl your hair while blow drying it, leaving you with a beautiful soft wave. It’s also got advanced plasma technology which helps hydrate hair, smooth out frizz and boost shine. The perfect tool for any hair length, it adds instant volume to short hair and gives long hair a sleek, wavy look. On sale now for a short time, shoppers can save up to £28 off its original price. Shoppers can now buy the BaByliss Hydro Fusion Air Styler for £31.99 on Amazon. It’s also reduced here to £40.20 on LookFantastic. Boots shoppers will be able to buy it for £49.99 here. The BaByliss Hydro Fusion Air Styler also comes with a protective cover so you can keep the bristles in place. It’s powered with 700W and its 50mm brush size ensures big round curls that are flattering on anyone. To use, make sure your hair is 80 percent dry, then divide into sections to make it easy for you to work. Switch it onto you preferred heat setting, then use the round brush to first brush through each strand of hair before pressing the rotate function to rotate it up towards the head. You can switch to the cool setting before releasing the brush to make the curl last. While it does take some practicing at first, it’s definitely going to become a staple in any beauty routine. Shop the BaByliss Hydro Fusion Air Styler on Amazon here.