Households are being hit by tax rises, soaring energy bills and fuel costs alongside real-term benefit and pension cuts meaning looking after your money is increasingly important. The first step to understanding your money is to review your income, savings, debt and expenses. This will help you become familiar with your personal finances and enable you to make changes. Andy Shaw, debt advice policy officer at StepChange, said: “Whether it’s sharing budgeting tips with friends, or discussing household bills with someone in your family, having a good relationship with your finances starts with being able to talk about them.” READ MORE: State Pension to hit £10,600 in biggest rise ever - Sunak in HUGE triple lock decision Budgeting is a simple tool you can use to manage your finances as it allows you to track your spending and allocate your income to your expenses. Sticking to a budget over time can help you to build savings and reach financial goals. Personal finance expert and host of money-focused podcast Living Boujee & Balanced Raquel Curtis recommends dividing your money between needs, savings and wants. She said: "Most people use this formula for budgeting: income minus expenses, saving, and spending money equals what you have left to enjoy." DON'T MISS:National Insurance to hit £2,706 from April and there’s just ONE wa... [INSIGHT]Pensioners urged to claim disability benefits worth hundreds of pounds [EXPERT]Tax calculator: Everything YOU need to know as cost of living soars [CALCULATOR] Seeing a sharp increase in your outgoings can be a worry but MoneySavingExpert.com founder Martin Lewis offered advice to viewers of ITV’s This Morning. He said: “The worst thing anyone can do is look at the big picture. “Look at every single thing you pay money out on. First, ask yourself the question ‘Do I need to pay money out on that?’ And if you do ‘Am I doing it the cheapest and the best way?’” He explained that finding a cheaper contract for your broadband, mobile and TV can save you a lot as almost a 16million are paying twice as much as they need to. Any small changes such as cancelling unnecessary subscriptions and changing shopping habits can quickly add up and make a huge difference. Mr Lewis urged Britons to “do everything you can.” Food shopping is an area where households can make lots of savings. You can also make simple swaps from branded products to supermarket-own items. But research from Money Advice Service shows that Britons who don’t write a shopping list before leaving the house spend three times more. This helps you to plan your meals and throw less food away as you are aware of the products in your fridge and cupboards. Andrea Knowles, personal finance expert at vouchers.co.uk, recommends using the first in, first out method to rotate foods. She told Express.co.uk: “All you have to do is place any newly bought food items at the back of the fridge or cupboard and keep the products closest to being out-of-date at the front.” Many low-income households are missing out on benefits they are entitled to. Mr Lewis has encouraged everyone to use a benefits calculator to see if they can claim additional support. He said: “It’s worth talking to someone like Citizen’s Advice to see if there is any help available on the benefits.”