English film and TV actor Trevor Eve is recently best known for his portrayal of the Machiavellian vampire, Gerbert d'Aurillac. Although he was a prominent member of the villainous collective known as the Congregation, the Discovery of Witches star admitted he was somewhat lonely during filming of the Sky series as the scheming immortal failed to make any strong friendships amongst the cast. Screen star Trevor has opened up about his rather solitary experience filming Sky’s hit television adaptation of Deborah Harkness’ All Souls trilogy. In the three-season fantasy drama, the ancient vampire Gerbert hunts down Diana Bishop (played by Teresa Palmer) in order to exploit her powerful magical abilities. One of three vampires in the Congregation, he used to have a strong connection with Ysabeau (Lindsay Duncan), the mother of Matthew Clairmont (Matthew Goode). However, despite teaming up with his fellow immortals at various points throughout the series, Gerbert doesn’t make any lasting friendships within the magical governing body. READ MORE: Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? Speaking at a recent fan event marking the end of the third and final season, Trevor explained more about Gerbert’s so-called “alliances” throughout the series. “I don’t know that he sees them as alliances,” the actor clarified. “He just, really, uses anybody that he can at any time.” At various points in the series, Gerbert temporarily joins forces with the formidable witches Peter Knox (Owen Teale) and Satu (Malin Buska), among others. He soon makes it clear he only worked with them to forward his own selfish aims, however. Although it’s finally revealed Gerbert had been conspiring against the Clairmonts for centuries with fellow vampire Benjamin Fuchs (Jacob Ifan), most of their plan was hatched off-screen before the events of the series. Trevor continued: “I did feel very lonely playing Gerbert because he’s got no friends! “Nobody really likes Gerbert, and all he does is have a go at other people.” Throughout the main story, Gerbert is rarely seen spending time with anyone he shows genuine affection for. DON'T MISS:Matt Lucas and David Walliams blasted for ‘outdated’ Comic Relief skit [REACTION]NCIS LA: Callen dealt huge blow in hunt for deep fake culprit [VIDEO]Good Sam delayed: CBS medical drama off-air for another week [LATEST] While cast members Teresa, Alex Kingston and Valerie Pettiford reminisced about their time on the series, Trevor was often left alone filming Gerbert’s scenes in his palazzo. “So, I thought he was quite a lonely person and a little sad. But I don’t want to get sentimental about him. “He also lived in the palazzo and drank red wine. And fortunately, none of those characteristics have rubbed off on me at all,” he joked as he took a swig of wine himself. His isolation from the rest of the Congregation reaches its pinnacle when Diana convinces everyone but Gerbert to vote to repeal the Covenant in the series finale. The world of magic is granted a brighter future when friendly demon Agatha Wilson (Tanya Moodie) is voted their new leader. Meanwhile, Gerbert is left to sulk in the corner while the rest of the Congregation sees the error of their old ways. Showrunner Lachlan MacKinnon also hinted there could be a chance of adapting the next instalments of Deborah’s All Souls series, so this may not be the last we’ve seen of the nefarious vampire. A Discovery of Witches is available to stream on Sky Go and NOW.