Jude Bellingham is not short of admirers and Jurgen Klopp may be one of his biggest allies with the Liverpool boss reportedly convinced the midfielder will become the best in the world in his position very soon. Despite being just 18 years of age, Bellingham already has bags of experience at the most elite level. He's established himself as a key part of Borussia Dortmund's squad after little over 18 months at the club. Bellingham also played his part in England reaching the Euro 2020 final against Italy and looks set to feature more prominently for Gareth Southgate's side. Dortmund won the race for his signature back in 2020 for a fee in the region of £30million. Manchester United had shown strong interest in signing the highly-rated teenager, but Bellingham chose to follow in the footsteps of Jadon Sancho in heading to Germany for regular football at an elite level. JUST IN: Liverpool star Salah fires warning to Brighton after wasteful showing  The decision has paid off tenfold with Bellingham now regarded as one of the best young talents in world football. He still has three years left on his contract at Dortmund, but reports have already begun to emerge of clubs making an approach this summer. United are desperate for a midfielder this summer while Chelsea, Real Madrid, Arsenal and Bayern Munich are also said to be in the running. DON'T MISS  But Liverpool have been touted as the frontrunners for his signature and, according to The Sun, Klopp is actively speaking about the prospect of Bellingham moving to Anfield. It is claimed that Klopp has held a number of 'private discussions' with close contacts in which the Liverpool boss has outlined that he is now convinced Bellingham will be one of the world's best players in just a few years. The report goes on to say that Klopp would 'love him' at Anfield, but the £100m-valuation could put Liverpool off. It is said that Bellingham has shown no desire to leave Dortmund this summer, although the report adds he could look for a move away in 2023. By that point, it is claimed that Bellingham could be worth well up to £150m. Dortmund may well be reluctant to sell Bellingham this summer with Erling Haaland almost certain to depart. The Norway international has a £64 release clause with both Real Madrid and Barcelona hoping to strike a deal. Manchester City are also said to be in the running for Haaland, although Pep Guardiola may already have the striker he wants with Julian Alvarez set to complete his switch from River Plate at the end of the season.