The British-Iranian national has been detained in Iran since 2016 after being accused of being a UK spy "plotting to topple the Iranian government" - allegations she has always denied. Despite flimsy evidence to support the charges, she has spent years behind bars, separated from her daughter and husband. MP Tulip Siddiq, who represents the constituency of Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe, confirmed the development this morning. She said: "I am very pleased to say that Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe has been given her British passport back. "She is still at her family home in Tehran. I also understand that there is a British negotiating team in Tehran right now. "I will keep posting updates as I get them." READ MORE: Iran supreme leader blames Western 'meddling' for Russia-Ukraine war Iran has faced allegations of psychological torturing Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe. She suffered from major depression and PTSD during her detainment a medical report stated. The Iranian government has been accused of using the charity worker for Thomson Reuters as a bargaining chip in a dispute with the UK over a long-standing 400-million-pound debt. Britain owes the debt after it failed to fulfil an order for 1,500 Chieftain tanks in the 1970s prior to the Iranian Revolution in 1978. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has previously said that the UK recognises it owes Iran a "legitimate debt" but has said it will not be bullied into linking repayment for the money with Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe's release. Despite the claims, Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe's passport was returned after positive talks between the two governments over the debt. DON'T MISS:Iran creates elite band of pirates to rule the seas [INSIGHT]Biden must act swiftly to avoid Iran realising nuclear ambitions [OPINION]US consulate in Erbil targeted by 12 Iranian long range missiles [UPDATE] However,  Sacha Deshmukh, Amnesty International UK's chief executive, warned that the latest reports should be treated with caution as there had been "false dawn after false dawn" in the long-running process. He said: "We sincerely hope these reports are correct. "The detainees and their families have been suffering for years, and a resolution can't come quickly enough. "It's been clear for a long time that the Iranian authorities have been targeting foreign nationals with spurious national security-related charges to exert diplomatic pressure. "In the past we've had false dawn after false dawn over possible breakthroughs, so it's only right to be cautious at the moment." The detained Briton's husband, Richard Ratcliffe, has for years been raising awareness of the treatment his wife has suffered at the hands of Iran and has kept up pressure of the UK Government to intervene. His campaigns have attracted widespread media attention. Last year he spent 21 days on hunger strike in London to draw attention to his wife's case. Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe was originally arrested in Iran as she prepared to fly back to the UK, having taken her daughter Gabriella - then not even two years old - to see relatives.