  Today, soap stars turned out in full force for the funeral of Anna Karen, who was best known for playing Olive in legendary sitcom On The Buses. The actress tragically died in a house fire last month, leaving behind many grieving friends, family members and colleagues.      Anna, who also played Aunt Sal in EastEnders, was 85 at the time of her death. Firemen were reportedly summoned to her Essex home last month after a blaze raged there and the actress was pronounced dead at the scene. Anna’s family friend confirmed the tragic news, telling MailOnline: “We are absolutely horrified at the news about Anna.” A London Fire Brigade spokesman told the Daily Mirror: “Sadly, a woman has died following a house fire on Windsor Road in Ilford. READ MORE: Kate Humble was 'vile' to husband Ludo amid work struggle     “Part of the ground floor of a mid-terrace house was damaged by fire. A woman was pronounced dead at the scene.” Many of Anna’s closest friends attended her funeral today, including Emmerdale’s Linda Lusardi and her husband Samuel Kane. Also in attendance was Dame Barbara Windsor’s widow Scott Mitchell, who was seen standing around the funeral cars by Linda’s side. Anna became good friends with Dame Barbara after meeting her in the comedy hit Carry on Camping back in 1969.      The pair met again in 1996, when Anna took on the role of Aunt Sal, who was the sister of Peggy Mitchell (Barbara Windsor) in EastEnders. Other stars from the popular BBC soap showed up to support Anna’s family, including Big Mo star Laila Morse, Nick Cotton actor John Altman and Pete Beale actor Peter Dean. Other celebs Anna met during her many years in the UK comedy and soap world also turned up to remember the late star. Allo Allo star Vicky Michelle, It Ain’t Half Hot Mum star Melvyn Hayes, Love Thy Neighbour’s Kate Williams, and Coronation Street’s Terry Duckworth star Nigel Pivaro were all sighted. READ MORE... 'Sad dogs' Dawn French admits challenges with body as she's got older [NEWS] Mark Labbett says The Chase USA dropped him for 'no reason' [LATEST] Alex Beresford reacts to 'livid' ITV co-star Charlene White [UPDATE]      Anna was best known for her character Olive in the iconic show On The Buses, which ran between 1969 and 1973. The actress featured in all 74 episodes of the hit show and even went on to appear in its 1971 film spin-off of the same name, as well as sequels Mutiny on the Buses and Holiday on the Buses. Anna was remembered with bouquets of flowers and there was even a book-style arrangement featuring a black-and-white photo of her in her younger years, where she could be seen wearing her iconic Olive glasses. Her name was spelled out in white flowers atop a hearse as the funeral procession made its way slowly down the streets.     Many people were in tears, and Linda was seen clutching her husband’s hand for support on the sad occasion. After Anna’s tragic death, her agent Shane Collins said: “We're so sad about what happened to Anna. “She was such a lovely lady and a great comedian. “The only comfort is she will be happy to be reunited with her husband Terry Duggan and her best pal Barbara Windsor.”   