On The Ramsey Show - Highlights Youtube channel, Angie 47, called in, worried about her future. She explained that she had no debt other than her house which she and her husband aimed to get paid off in a year. They started making money quite late in life and had just started saving money for retirement about a year ago. She was making minimum wage throughout her life and changed to a higher salary five years prior. Angie was worried as she fears she has started saving too late and she will not have enough saved for retirement. She has $20,000 (around £15,0000) in an emergency fund. READ MORE: TV Licence: Britons could be eligible for £159 refund from bill She has $80,000 (around £61,000) in a traditional IRA. A traditional IRA is a type of individual retirement account in which individuals can make pre-tax contributions and the investments in the account grow tax-deferred. Angie just started a new job and they offered her a work place pension scheme. She has $12,000 (around £9,000) in the pension and her husband as around $90,000 (around £70,000). Once her house is paid off, she explained to the finance guru that she could not imagine herself having enough money. She said: “ It’s hard to picture. “I’ve done all of these retirement calculators and it’s saying we need $2.1million (around £150,000). “It just seems like such a big number. Can you help me walk through the numbers.” Mr Ramsey explained that Angle and her husband Jeremiah will “be okay”. Their household income is about $200,000 a month. Mr Ramsey suggested they save $30,000 of their house income, and once this is full, they can focus on other debts and saving even more than that. He said: “If you save, 15 years of doing that you’re going to be just fine.” When using retirement calculators, Britons should be aware of the set of assumptions that the calculator is using. Certain factors automatically build in an inflation rate. For people looking to build income and growth, they can invest in the stock market, Mr Ramsey suggested. With investing comes risk.