The taunt came after Lord Frost announced the publication of an article stating the West must learn from lessons of the past when it comes to Russia. With Russian President Vladimir Putin invading Ukraine, and the international response to the crisis delivering mixed replies, Lord Frost suggests unity is key in defeating Putin.  Writing in The Telegraph, Lord Frost said: “In the last fortnight, the lofty intellectual edifice of Western diplomacy and Western illusions about the world has suffered a similar catastrophe. “Sober handling and great statesmanship are now needed. “We are right to work closely with the EU and our Nato allies. We should keep sending defensive weapons, keep up the sanctions squeeze, and make the life of Russia’s elites as painful as possible – but also be open to off-ramps and work to find ways to defuse the crisis.” Lord Frost ended by saying: “The lesson we must take is the world is dangerous. “There are people who want to harm us. We must not pretend the world is something it is not and we must act accordingly.”  However, Lord Adonis hit back. Answering directly to Lord Frost’s promotion of his article on Twitter, Lord Adonis simply said: “The big lesson is how wrong you were on Brexit.” Several other sources have blamed Brexit for a host of issues, yet whilst the world calls for unity in the face of Moscow, remainer Lord Adonis has raised the issue once again. A recent Tweet by Mr Adonis read: “Even most Tory leaders now realise Ukraine shows Brexit to have been not merely an error but a catastrophe.”  READ MORE:Lord Adonis upset over Brexiteers supporting Ukraine’s plea to join EU Furthermore, stating the Government are u-turning on their Brexit views, he tweeted yesterday: “It is desperately sad and heart-rending many leaders of Brexit, including ex-Theresa May cabinet ministers who pushed Brexit on its way, are now saying the EU should consider Ukraine’s application to join asap as an act of solidarity with European values and our security.” DON'T MISS:Putin takes on BBC as channel taken OFF AIR in Russia [REVEAL]Justin Trudeau’s approval ratings in tatters [REPORT]Ultra-remainers FURIOUS Britain confronting Putin [INSIGHT] With the Government currently on its fifth Brexit Minister in six years, the debate is still ongoing as to the success of leaving the European Union. Yet, Britain still plays a fundamental part in the actions being taken against Russia when partnering with the EU.  Earlier this week, the British Foreign Secretary Liz Truss played a pivotal role in talks with EU, NATO and G7 officials in Brussels. This too received an array of comments as many asked why the EU had invited British officials into EU meetings. Lord Frost has yet to reply to Lord Adonis’ tweet. 