Leicester City Council is currently holding a consultation on a new Workplace Parking Levy for the city centre. The scheme would see larger employers forced to pay to provide parking space for their staff. Most employers with more than 10 spaces would pay £550 per space per year. Although businesses do not need to push the costs onto employers, this will be an option to recoup any losses. Plans for a Workplace Parking Levy were featured as part of the council’s Draft Leicester Transport Plan 2021-2036. Councillor Adam Clarke, Leicester deputy city mayor on transport and the environment said the plans would help the city to achieve its net-zero ambitions. READ MORE: New parking law could charge drivers £500 per space He said: “The proposals are designed to address the climate emergency, as well as health inequalities and pressures that will come with predicted city growth over the next 10 to 15 years. The extra income will help fund a range of projects to help sustainable transport. DON'T MISSMajor parking law change to be debated as drivers slam 'senseless tax' [INSIGHT]Parking rules are a ‘poll tax on wheels’ [COMMENT]Major parking law changes will be a 'financial burden' for drivers [ANALYSIS] This includes the installation of over 400 electric tram-like buses by 2030 and a comprehensive network of cycleways. The money will also pay for discounts to bus fares for elderly, disabled, young and unemployed residents. However, Mr Clarke has warned the new changes could have some “unintended consequences” for road users. He added: “Nottingham City Council has been operating a very similar WPL for the last 10 years or so, and they are sharing their experience and expertise with us. “We’ve gathered evidence of how the charge has been levied fairly and designed a scheme intended to widen opportunity to all, including the many people in the city who cannot afford a car. “We need to radically extend, enhance and electrify public transport if people are to be persuaded to leave their cars at home, leaving those that still need to use their cars and vans with less congestion, saving them both time and money. “We have no fixed timetable proposed for the introduction of any levy, which would need to be sensitive to wider economic circumstances.  “We’ve gathered evidence of how the charge has been levied fairly and designed a scheme intended to widen opportunity to all, including the many people in the city who cannot afford a car. “We need to radically extend, enhance and electrify public transport if people are to be persuaded to leave their cars at home, leaving those that still need to use their cars and vans with less congestion, saving them both time and money. “We have no fixed timetable proposed for the introduction of any levy, which would need to be sensitive to wider economic circumstances. “We know that there are other concerns and of course need to reflect on any potential unintended consequences.  “We know that there are other concerns and of course need to reflect on any potential unintended consequences. “We need to hear from people across the city to know their concerns as well as what they would want from such a scheme, and how to make it work as best as it can for Leicester.” The consultation is set to close on March 13, 2022.