The Grand Tour presenter Jeremy Clarkson has been vocal in his support for Ukraine following the recent month-long invasion by Russia. However when one fan suggested he take to the streets of Ukraine himself in an armoured vehicle, Jeremy didn't shy away from the proposal. @RatrickPickard tagged him on Twitter with a "quick pitch" challenging: "You and the fellas outfit a few armored recon vehicles and race to #Ukraine #UkraineRussianWar." In view of his network of 7.6 million followers, the 61-year-old responded: "That’s weird. I had the exact same thought last night." Earlier this month, Jeremy had revealed he'd crossed the border into the land of the opposition when he arrived in Russia during the latest stint of filming for The Grand Tour. Followers interpreted his Instagram post at the time of a plane wing amid a blue sky and yellow tinted clouds as a show of support for Ukraine, as it displayed the same colours as the country's flag. READ NOW: Demi Rose sparks a social media frenzy in barely-there bikini He also posted an image of two cars, a yellow one and a blue one, quipping that he was "subtly flying the flag on our latest adventure". Jeremy, who has also previously driven through Ukraine as part of his presenting work, has been open from the beginning about his support for the war-torn nation. During Top Gear, he had raced through Crimea and the capital city of Kyiv before hitting the Belorussian border. In tribute, he recently re-shared a photo of himself standing in front of the abandoned Pripyat amusement park, which is close to Chernobyl. "It was sad then. It’s even sadder now,’ he captioned the image poignantly. He was even more animated when he raged last month on the issue: "What p***es me off is that I know some great Russians and some great Ukrainians. "And I’ve had some f*****g great nights in both countries. Putin: you are such a c***." He then continued his attack by calling out Nikita Mazepin, taunting: "You f*****g retard. Go and race in Russia on your own. You’d still lose." DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' Sally Nugent 'stopped in tracks' over BBC Breakfast admission Piers Morgan mocks 'Princess Pinocchio' Meghan Markle's first podcast  Meanwhile fans have called on Jeremy to personally intervene in the conflict, claiming that if he was present, the war would be "over in days". Jeremy, who refers to himself on Twitter as a "small voice of calm and reason", has now hinted that he'd be up for tackling the war. However that is unlikely to happen any time soon, as the presenter revealed this weekend that he had a raging sore throat and had woken up "bathed in sweat". He had joked that the affliction could even have been "tuberculosis", after taking a grand total of five Covid tests which all came back negative. "I rammed the probe so far down my throat, I felt like Linda Lovelace," he revealed today in The Sun. "And so far up my nose, I actually collected a few ounces of brain matter." He also sombrely revealed he had been "coughing up what looked like lumps of coal". However fans are all set for him to make a new comment on Ukraine as soon as his health improves.