The Ukrainian leader is increasingly under pressure as Russian troops continue to attack his country, but the no-show was seen by some as a strong message to the European body over its reluctance to expel Russia. Mr Zelensky is still expected to address the US Congress tomorrow. Prime Minister Shmygal, showing up in his place, urged the Council of Europe on Monday to expel Russia from the organisation. The Council of Europe, which is separate from the European Union, suspended Russia's membership on February 25 and is now debating whether to bar it altogether, which would be a first since the pan-Europe institution was set up after World War Two. Mr Shmygal said: "We demand that a decision is approved to immediately oust Russia from the Council of Europe." Those responsible for "this unprovoked and unjustified aggression (against Ukraine) cannot stay in the single European family where human life is the highest value," he said. Russia's foreign ministry last week said Moscow would stop participating in the Council of Europe. The Russian delegation to the council's parliamentary assembly is suspending its participation and will not take part in meetings, Russia's RIA news agency cited a member of the Russian delegation as saying on Monday. The Kremlin had said last month that the suspension of Russia's membership in the Council of Europe was "really unfair" but added the move provided a good reason "to slam the door" for good on the organisation, giving Moscow an opportunity to restore the death penalty for dangerous criminals. Russia describes its invasion of Ukraine as a "special operation" to demilitarise and "denazify" Ukraine. Ukraine and Western allies call this a baseless pretext for a war of choice. "We need to join our efforts, not only to help Ukraine, but to help all of Europe," Mr Shmygal told the Strasbourg-based assembly on Monday, before receiving a standing ovation. President Zelensky said late on Monday that negotiations with Russia are to continue today. READ MORE: Putin braces for coup from 'disgruntled' senior Russian generals  Mr Zelensky also said he spoke with Israeli Prime Minister Naftali Bennett as part of a negotiation effort to end the war with Russia "with a fair peace." Mr Zelensky said: "Our delegation also worked on this in negotiations with the Russian party. "Pretty good, as I was told. But let's see. They will continue tomorrow." US President Joe Biden is expected to travel to Brussels next week to meet with NATO leaders. The plan, which is still being finalised, calls for Biden to meet with other leaders from the NATO alliance in Brussels on March 23, said three of the sources. DON'T MISS:Russian TV protestor hailed as ‘unflinchingly brave’ [INSIGHT]Germany to buy nuclear fighter jets in response to Putin aggression [ANALYSIS]The 2 clear signs that Vladimir Putin is suffering with ill health [VIDEO] They cautioned that the plans could still change given the rapidly evolving situation in Ukraine. One source said Mr Biden could also travel to NATO member Poland, where concerns are running high after a Russian attack on a large Ukrainian base just miles from the border killed 35 people. NATO members are worried about being drawn into a military conflict with nuclear power Russia. Mr Biden has repeatedly said that the United States will not send forces into Ukraine, but will defend "every inch" of NATO territory.