Emmerdale fans have been eagerly waiting for Vanessa Woodfield (played by Michelle Hardwick) and Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) to get back together, despite the latter's current relationship with Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb). In recent scenes of the ITV soap, the former couple shared a near-kiss moment, and it seems pub owner Charity can't stop thinking about it. During Monday night's episode, Vanessa warned off Charity, telling her to leave her alone and to concentrate on her relationship with Mack. "I want a word with you," Vanessa raged as Charity sat in the cafe. "I'm all yours," Charity replied before the vet hit back: "Actually I am not. "So, the next time you decide to bang on my door at six in the morning, don't." READ MORE: BBC's Charlie Stayt apologises as host forced to pull interview "Right, so you did hear me then?" Charity asked as Vanessa told her: "I think half the village heard you." As Charity asked why Vanessa didn't answer the door, the vet fumed: "You know why. You need to stop pestering me." "I am sorry but you started this," the pub owner shouted back. "You tried to kiss me." Trying to brush off the kiss, Vanessa said: "It was nothing, just a foolish mistake." "I've been thinking about this," Charity admitted. "You wouldn't have made a mistake if you didn't care about me." "Maybe I just felt sorry for you," Vanessa explained as Charity taunted: "I know you still want me." The newcomer proceeded to bring up Mackenzie, which Charity quickly ignored. "This is your problem," Vanessa raged. "You have got a bloke who is madly in love with you and you're banging on your ex's door at the crack of dawn." Meanwhile, after one last attempt to win Charity around, Mackenzie stole his girlfriend's house keys and got a copy made so he could move in. However, when he broke the news to her, she did not take it well at all. DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods delayed: CBS drama won’t air until next month [INSIGHT]Linda Robson brands Loose Women co-star 'miserable cow' [VIDEO]Emmerdale twist as Rhona Goskirk’s secret exposed by Mary? [SPOILERS] He went on to tell Charity that if she didn't want to be with him, then he was leaving the village. He explained a friend of his had offered him a job in Glasgow, and he was going to take it. "You're moving back to Glasgow?" she quizzed as Mack replied: "Well if you don't want me, nothing is keeping me here, is there?" "This is all coming from you," Charity told him. "I never actually said that, I am not ready to shack up." Mack replied: "Why? I am trying to show you how serious I am and you obviously don't feel the same, so I'll see you next time you're in Glasgow." Towards the end of the episode, Mack had a heart to heart with Moira (Natalie J Robb) where he confessed his true feelings for Charity. He was later seen driving away from the village where he said to Charity: "Have a nice life!" Following the programme, fans took to social media to share their own theories about Mack, with many hoping the character hasn't given up on Charity. User @delucaevans penned: "So has Mack actually left or is the actor just on holiday?" Elizabeth said: "Feel sorry for Mack. I like him. Hope he's not leaving. Maybe he and Priya could get together." "Don’t want Mack to leave," Jess commented while Sulagna wrote: "Is Mack leaving too!!!??" Andrew tweeted: "You’ve all complained about Mack so now he’s gone!" Has Mack really left the village for good? And even if he does stay, it's only a matter of time before he finds out about Vanessa and Charity's near-kiss. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.