Call The Midwife took fans on an emotional rollercoaster for its 11th season. The BBC series featured a horrific train crash and Dr Turner (played by Stephen McGann) was badly injured. His on-screen wife Shelagh is a fan-favourite in the series and viewers are keen to find out more about the TV star who plays her. Main's character Shelagh experienced some tragic storylines in the latest season of Call The Midwife. She went through some career firsts, such as delivering a baby with Gastroschisis, where the intestines are on the outside of the body. The nurse and midwife was immediately concerned for her husband when she heard about the train crash in the season finale. Her nightmares became reality when she found out Dr Turner was still in the wreckage. Thankfully his injuries were not life-threatening, and the family was reunited once more. READ MORE: Call the Midwife star opens up on character trauma 'knocked sideways' Laura Main is 41 years old, having been born on March 8, 1981. She was born in Aberdeen and her father, Robert, was a fish merchant. The star's mother, Lorna, worked as a primary school teacher. Main is one of three siblings, as she has two older sisters. She initially studied history at the University of Aberdeen, before turning to drama in London. The start of her acting journey began at the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art. One of her first breakthroughs was in musical theatre when she was 14 years old. She landed the title role in Annie with the Phoenix Youth Theatre. The following year, aged just 15, she played Louisa Von Trapp in a stage version of The Sound of Music. Throughout her career, she has performed with the Royal Shakespeare Company. DON'T MISS... Call the Midwife boss details disagreements over series [INSIGHT] Call The Midwife star admits falling in love with co-star [INTERVIEW] Laura Main children: Does the Call The Midwife star have children? [EXPLAINER] Her passion for music and singing was utilised when she joined the cast of Call The Midwife in 2011. She featured as a soloist on a number of tracks for the Call The Midwife album, which came out in 2013. Main thanked Call The Midwife fans for their dedication to the series after the season 11 finale. She took to Twitter to share photos of herself dressed as her selfless character. She said: "Bye for now, Shelagh! That’s a wrap on Call the Midwife series 11!! "Thank you to all who make and all who watch the show!" Fans took to the comments to praise the star, with Aimee saying: "You look amazing! I am in love with this outfit for Shelagh." Em added: "You look so happy, it's a joy." Janet Phillips expressed: "I'm so excited for the Christmas special and new series x" The series has been renewed until at least 2024, so there should be plenty more of Shelagh Turner to come. Call The Midwife is available to watch on BBC iPlayer, with a Christmas special due to air this winter.