Back in 2005, Sam Heughan was one of the lucky few actors to be chosen to audition for James Bond in Casino Royale. The secretive screen tests saw contenders like Daniel Craig and Henry Cavill act out a scene from the new movie and also one in From Russia With Love in which 007 approaches a woman in bed while holding a gun and only wearing a towel. Now the Outlander star has shared how originally the last reboot of the franchise almost went with a very young take on the character. In a new interview, Heughan said: “I did audition for it, back when they were doing Bond 21, Casino Royale. But I was quite young then. I was like twenty-something. It was when Daniel Craig got the role. And I think, initially at least, they were going to go younger; to go back to when Bond was like 20-years-old. I actually feel like that’s what they might do next — do an origin story, which would be pretty cool.” Former runners up have been cast as Bond later, so could the Outlander hunk be in with a chance this time? Speaking with Gentleman’s Journal, Heughan was asked what he reckoned his best odds were, saying: “Maybe 500-1?” But, in reality, he’s fairing far better on 12-1. Asked if he takes the speculation seriously, the 41-year-old replied: “I don’t think so. I think the odds are a bit of a fallacy. I mean, I’m obviously such a huge fan of the Bond movies. I actually just rewatched the most recent one again, No Time To Die. I mean, it would be an incredible job, wouldn’t it? “ The Outlander star certainly isn’t without his experience though, having played a spook in comedy The Spy Who Dumped Me and having had his fair share of action in SAS: Red Notice. Heughan said of the latter: “In a way, I really enjoyed that because it’s like a more authentic or contemporary Bond — it’s straight from the horse’s mouth. And I spent so much time with Andy McNab, and the SAS and how they operate. And that, for me, was a good opportunity to live out those dreams of being in that spy world.” Recently, he was asked by The Sunday Times what he would bring to 007, saying: “Scottish charm and a slight humour.” DON'T MISSNext James Bond ‘tough decision’ Barbara Broccoli on new 007 casting [NEXT BOND]James Bond star Daniel Craig returns in Knives Out 2 first look WATCH [DANIEL CRAIG]Next James Bond story announced as part of new trilogy – '007 dead?' [NEXT BOND] By the sounds of it, Heughan would be hoping to channel the original Bond Sean Connery. Whatever the case, any news of the next 007 could be quite a while away. Producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson are currently busy promoting No Time To Die in awards season. But when the time comes they plan to sit down and think about how exactly they want to reboot the franchise before then finding the right lead to fit the feel this time around. SOURCE