A TV licence is needed to watch or record live programming and is a legal requirement for Britons who stream live using BBC iPlayer and Amazon Prime. However, millions of people could get a refund or a discount and it’s not just pensioners who could make savings. As Britons find their budgets stretched to breaking point, people will be looking to make savings anywhere they can. Anyone can ask for a TV licence refund if they don’t need their licence anymore and it has at least one complete month left on it. At the same time, thousands of pensioners who could claim Pension Credit could also be missing out on a free TV licence. In total, there are four reasons why people might be able to get a licence for free - or at a discount. READ MORE: 'Cruel scam’ Lloyds Bank warns Britons to be careful Pensioners are the age group who are most likely to be missing out on all the financial help they are entitled to. Some 850,000 additional pensioners could qualify for Pension Credit which would then enable them to apply for a free TV licence if they are also 75 or over. To qualify for Pension Credit, someone needs to have reached state pension age and be earning less than £177.10 per week. Not only would this potentially lead to a free TV licence, but they could also get a council tax reduction and help towards energy bills. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis issues warning to every household earning under £30,000 [WARNING]‘It’s a joke!’ State pensioners demand reversal of triple lock freeze [INSIGHT]Nationwide interest rate rise - 'one of highest' rates on high street [UPDATE] Refunds are also available to Britons who no longer watch TV - no matter their age. Many people could be paying for the BBC licence fee although they only watch Netflix or YouTube. A licence is only required if people watch live programmes, record TV or stream through BBC iplayer or Amazon Prime. Britons who have already accidentally paid for a licence could get their money back. Four ways to pay less on the TV licence: What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea In order to get their money back, licence holders must fill in the online refund form which can be found on the TV Licensing website. They should include important details like their name on the TV Licence, address and postcode. Completed refund forms and relevant evidence must be sent to: The Refund Centre, TV Licensing, Darlington DL98 1TL. They should receive a refund within 21 days.