Manchester United legend Roy Keane has snapped back at comments made by Gary Neville about Cristiano Ronaldo. Ronaldo will miss today’s Premier League clash with Manchester City. And his former captain at Old Trafford has now leapt to his defence amid a run of poor form. Manchester United go up against City today looking to boost their chances of Champions League qualification at the Etihad Stadium. And Ronaldo is primed to miss the match, with the Portugal international seemingly sidelined through injury. On Sky Sports earlier on Sunday, Neville insisted United may be ‘better off’ without Ronaldo. "United over the last three or four years have been a counter-attacking team, and that will be exactly the same today I think,” he said. “With Ronaldo out of the team I think they might be better off with Rashford’s pace on the counter-attack today." But Keane has insisted it’s a ‘dangerous’ theory from Neville that United may improve without the 37-year-old in their attack. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "I think it’s a dangerous conversation when you’re talking about ‘it’s good Ronaldo is not available’ or whatever the reasons are - whether he’s injured or whatever,” he said. “I still think you’d want Ronaldo in your team. “Of course, counter-attack the most important thing is the pace, to say that it might be a plus that Ronaldo isn’t available, I don’t accept that." Both Neville and Keane agree, however, that Marcus Rashford must step up and deliver in Ronaldo’s absence. Neville said: "Rashford’s got to get himself back on track, for the last year, year and a half, he’s not been playing well. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “They shift him to the left, to the right, down the middle, I don’t think he’s settled and grabbed a position, people refer to the off the field stuff whether it’s a distraction or not and he’s had injuries as well to be fair, his authority off the pitch doesn’t transfer onto the pitch for Manchester United. “He’s done well here in the past (playing at the Etihad), so it’s a big opportunity for him to show his quality again today if he plays." And Keane stated: "It does give an opportunity for people like Rashford to come in and have an influence. “He’s not been consistent enough but the type of game would play out, City will dominate possession 60-70 per cent possession and it’ll give United opportunities using space, the right type of run, quality of people picking them out. “Of course it’ll cause problems." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here After drawing with Watford last time out, United desperately need to win as they look to finish in the top four. And Keane feels victory at the Etihad can be achieved. "Man United need to get a result here to get into the top four, that’s how far behind they are the top teams,” he said. “Coming to Man City, they’ve shown over the last couple of years they can come here and get a result, they would’ve been encouraged by Spurs coming here. “Everton last week, they weren’t great. “United for all their troubles are more than capable of coming here, no doubt on the counter-attack and getting a result because they themselves need to get into the top four." Speaking before the game with City, meanwhile, interim boss Ralf Rangnick insisted his team had improved since the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. “When City won 2-0 at Old Trafford they did it in style and it could have been a higher margin,” he said. “Now, for us, it is about confirming the development of the team in the last three months. “We have been unbeaten in the last 11 games and we haven’t lost a single away game since I arrived. “We know this will be the biggest challenge so far because we haven’t played against a team of that kind of quality.”