The price cap, which was introduced back in 2019, sets a limit on the maximum amount suppliers can charge for each unit of gas and electricity used. It is reviewed every six months, with the cap rising by 54 percent in April, adding on average £693 to the average household bill. With warmer weather on its way for many parts of the UK, heating experts at PlumbNation recommend switching off the thermostat this weekend. Jordan Chance, a heating expert from PlumbNation, explained: “As the weather gradually begins to turn warmer, more and more people are keeping their heating on for shorter amounts of time. “With the cost of living rising across the country, including higher energy price caps, many Britons will be feeling the financial squeeze. “Although there is no single temperature at which you should turn your heating off, many aim for the time when the clocks go forward, which this year falls on March 27. “While many may be waiting for the temperature to change, there’s no specific temperature at which you should be turning off your heating, as it will depend on how well insulated your home is.” READ MORE: ‘Small and inexpensive’: Hacks that could help sell your home faster Well insulated homes may retain their temperatures even on days when the outside temperature has dropped. However, the expert said this will differ from home to home. Jordan added: “It is also important to note that leaving your heating on low all day does not reduce your heating bills. “Having the heating on only as and when you need it, is the best way to save energy. DON'T MISS:Houseplants: ‘Pest-free’ indoor plants which are ‘easy to care for’ [COMMENT]‘Highly effective’ 30p trick to kill driveway and patio weeds [EXPLAINER]Why now is the ‘best ever’ time to sell your property [INSIGHT] “Using a thermostat with a timer offers a simple and speedy solution to controlling your heating effectively. “With energy bills rising there are a few things you can do to help keep your home warm, and save money on your energy bills.” This includes upgrading your thermostat, which can degrade over time. The expert explained: “Such degradation can lead to delays in your boiler switching on, or your home being heated at much higher temperatures than required. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Upgrading your thermostat could provide for greater accuracy in thermostat to boiler communication, preventing energy from being wasted, and saving you money.” Households can also introduce soft furnishings into the home including curtains and rugs. Carpeted homes can naturally boost insulation and so for those with wood or laminate flooring, rugs can help to prevent heat being lost. Jordan continued: “We would recommend that you stop using your radiators to dry your clothes. “The clothes that you place over the top of your radiators prevent the heat from escaping and heating your room, meaning your boiler has to pick up the slack and work at a greater rate, increasing costs. “Similarly, the increase in the air’s moisture can create condensation, leading to potential issues with mould and dampness.” For those wanting to keep their heating on throughout spring, turning down the thermostat by just one degree can make all the difference. In fact, according to the expert, it can help to save up to 10 percent on a heating bill. Jordan said: “The typical heating range is between 18 degrees Celsius and 21 degrees celsius, so why don’t you see how low you can go? “It is also important to avoid classic thermostat faux pas. Contrary to popular belief, turning up your thermostat does not heat up your room quicker, this method will only send your energy bills skyrocketing.”