The Rejoiner criticised the former Brexit Minister after he announced he would be delivering this year's Churchill Lecture. The lecture, taking place later today, is entitled "What is Seen and What is Not Seen: the UK, Europe, and beyond". But Lord Adonis hit out at Lord Frost, saying that "Churchill would never have done Brexit". Furious Brexiteers slammed the former Labour transport minister on social media, with one Twitter user calling his comment "utterly ridiculous". Steven Parsons wrote: "What an utterly ridiculous thing to say even though it was entirely predictable. "I wonder who else in history will have words put in their mouth by the Noble Lord." David Meek agreed, questioning: "How do you know Churchill would never have done Brexit, can you communicate with the dead?? Idiot" A third user, called Nicky P, said: "Oh really, told you did he?" Meanwhile, Drew Zinski told Lord Adonis that it is "time to stop crying about Brexit". Francis A Shailes added: "He was in favour of a United States of Europe to prevent Germany going for the hat trick, but he didn't want the UK to be a member of it." However, many other users backed Lord Adonis, agreeing that Churchill was "pro-Europe". READ MORE: Adonis looks to spark bitter war of words with Frost Replying to Lord Adonis, Richard Taylor said: "True, very much a pro-Europe person." Phil Jones agreed, writing: "Churchill would have never left the EU, an organisation that he believed ought to be created." Jon Hyslop added: "He literally proposed the political merger of the UK and France in 1940." While Stephen Howden wrote: "In a speech in 1947 to students, Churchill called for an organisation of Europe to work together and trade. DON'T MISS: UK fishermen face TWO 'looming crises' that could cripple industry [REVEAL] EU could 'bleed to death' as Netherlands risk bloc 'disintegration' [ANALYSIS] Von der Leyen could QUIT due to EU vaccine farce [INSIGHT] "Churchill would have been proud of the EEC leading to the EU. "If you trade with nations you don't go to war with them. "EU no wars for 70 years." Mr Churchill proposed a complete union between Great Britain and France in 1940, and in 1947 the former UK Prime Minister founded the European Movement. In a speech given to The Hague in the same year, Mr Churchill called for "closer political unity" with Europe. He said: "Mutual aid in the economic field and joint military defence must inevitably be accompanied step by step with a parallel policy of closer political unity." Mr Churchill added: "Britain is an integral part of Europe, and we mean to play our part in the revival of her prosperity and greatness."