Ricky Ross discussed the desperation of Ukrainians calling on men the same age as him and his young son to fight back against the Russian Army. War has been raging for over two weeks now in Ukraine, as Russia pushed forward with their invasion of the neighbouring country. The Deacon Blue singer also claimed that failure to clamp down on the invasion now could lead to a European war.  Mr Ross said: "I don't know how you take it further, because I agree with Roz. "I think taking it further means a European war, and who wants that? Who needs that? "They're calling up people from my son's age, to people of my age in their 60s in Ukraine. "Now that's desperate stuff and we're no longer in a position where we can sit down with countries in Europe and work out a strategy, that is a tragedy." JUST IN:'We have a nuclear deterrent' Navy chief blasts back at 'ridiculous' Putin's threats     Daily Mirror's Defence Editor Chris Hughes suggested NATO was reconsidering its stance due to numerous reports of Russian troops targeting ordinary Ukrainian civilians. Mr Hughs said: "We're a couple of calculations away from NATO being involved and I think people know it now. "The prognosis from the intelligence agencies I'm told is pretty dire. "Moldova is there, he [Vladimir Putin] could be looking at that. It's madness but he wants to take the whole of Ukraine first and he hasn't got it yet.  READ MORE: BBC analysis reveals the REAL reason Putin invaded Ukraine     "He's a long way off it. We might be a long way off that kind of confrontation but there will be people making some very big decisions soon." Many political leaders and heads of state have warned that a NATO intervention would trigger World War 3, and have refused to put boots on the ground in Ukraine for that reason. Many Ukrainians have been calling for a no-fly zone to be imposed by NATO troops, and the calls have been rejected. Russian President Putin has also threatened to deploy nuclear warfare on any country that decided to involve itself in the conflict. DON"T MISS: A no-fly zone would mean shooting down any Russian aircraft entering Ukrainian airspace, potentially leading to retaliation on NATO members. Secretary-General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg said: "We understand the desperation but we also believe that if we did that (establishing a no-fly zone) we would end up with something that could lead to a full-fledged war in Europe, involving much more countries. "At the same time, we have a responsibility as NATO allies to prevent this war from escalating beyond Ukraine because that would be even more dangerous, more devastating and would cause even more human suffering. "The reckless actions around the nuclear power plant last night just highlights the dangers of this war."War is dangerous and to have military operations conflict fighting going around the nuclear power plant adds to the danger." 