Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) was reluctant to let Tom Christe (Mark Lewis Jones) and his followers settle on Fraser’s Ridge. The pair had been adversaries at Ardsmuir prison 20 years prior so the highlander wasn’t too excited about his arrival in North Carolina. However, Outlander’s leading man eventually decided it was only fair to trust Tom was a changed man and agreed his group of followers could settle on his land. But as season six has progressed, it’s clear the Christie family are hiding some very dark secrets. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Sophie Skelton hinted her character Brianna could be the one to expose the family. Over the course of the series, Tom has been shown attempting to beat his daughter Malva (Jessica Reynolds), claiming she is evil like her mother. He was also keen to punish his son Allan (Alexander Vlahos) after learning he had stolen from a nearby community. But Jamie stepped in to insist he administer the punishment as Allan was living on his land, leaving Tom seething with rage. Tom has also been highly critical of Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe), taking aim at her appearance and medical methods. READ MORE: Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? As the series continues, it’s been teased the Christies will cause more trouble but who will stop them? Actress Sophie told Express.co.uk her character Brianna is incredibly suspicious of the family hinting she could be the one to expose how dangerous they are. She explained: “I think with all introductions in Outlander there’s going to be some unsettling moments, some scene where things are going to turn 180 on their head. “I think Roger interacts more with the Christies. Brianna smarts up to them pretty quickly and stays out of the way.” Could Brianna find something out about the Christies which leaves her feeling unsettled? She could convince her parents they need to ask the Christie family to leave the Ridge in order to keep other settlers safe. Sophie later added: “There’s so much mayhem with the Christies coming to the Ridge and things evolve and change and crumble around the Ridge but Roger and Brianna are at the epicentre of it but the only ones not really wrapped up in the drama of it.” With Brianna not as involved with the newcomers as her parents, she may spot something they don’t and be able to warn her family they are dangerous. DON'T MISS...‘That almost killed me’ Outlander’s Sam Heughan shares challenge  [INSIGHT]Outlander season 6: Caitriona Balfe confirms major ‘medical' storyline [SPOILER]Outlander's Sam Heughan announces new project way from Jamie Fraser [LATEST] Her co-star Richard Rankin, who plays onscreen husband Roger Mackenzie, added: “They just do have a bit of a vibe about them. There’s something kind of lurking under the surface for each of those characters. “As Sophie said, with the introduction of any new sort of guest roles, you know things are potentially going to come to some sort of conflict or drama. “I think the Christie family are really, really interesting though. I was really looking forward to them coming on board. The three of them are incredible actors for a start. “I think they come with a real sense of danger. Tom’s approach to Christianity is questionable but you can see with the children, Allan and Malva, that things are going to go awry at some point. It’s just a case of how.” Sophie went on to tease what the future holds for Brianna and Roger, assuring fans they’re in for a much calmer series. “This is the first season, seasons where we see a very calm, collected, unified version of Roger and Bree,” she said. “They’re sort of the ones people are going to for advice and help now. “I think they are maturing as a couple and maturing into married life and parenthood and they’re kind of the light relief of the season. “So it’s a really nice thing to play because thus far they’ve just had mayhem and chaos and trauma around them but it’s just really nice to see them in a really grounded, settled place.” Outlander season 6 is available to stream on Starz in the US and Starzplay in the UK.