Adam Lambert has told how his predecessor and Queen star Freddie Mercury was struggling during the recording process of The Show Must Go On, revealing that it was "hard for him". Speaking in 2021, the former Pop Idol star, 40, explained Queen guitarist Brian May, 74, had confided in him that frontman Freddie was struggling with AIDS while recording the 1991 hit the year before. The pop star told how his bandmate Brian May had revealed the sad detail about the hit. The hit features on Queen's 1991 album, Innuendo, and despite being credited to the group, the song was written by Brian. It was recorded while Freddie was battling AIDS a year before his death. Last year, American network ABC hosted The Queen Family Singalong special, which saw Adam sing The Show Must Go On. READ MORE: Max Verstappen blasted by Chris Evans for 'rude' radio comments Speaking about the hit, the pop star said: "I’m gonna be singing ‘The Show Must Go On,’ and from what I found out over the years, this was a very important moment for Freddie. "It was towards the end of his life, and the song took on really powerful meaning for him," he added. The star continued: "It was written by Brian May, and he’s told me about the recording session that Freddie was weak. "You know, it was hard for him, but he powered through. "Brian said his voice was just stellar on it, and you can hear it now if you listen to the recording. "He sounds magical," he added during an interview with Entertainment Canada Today. Musical genius Freddie died of bronchial pneumonia in November 1991, following complications from AIDS, aged 45. Brian continued to play guitar for himself in the wake of Freddie's death, but was convinced that the band would never reform. DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [INSIGHT]Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts [ANALYSIS]'Won't be cancelled' Expert on Piers Morgan's war on cancel culture [UPDATE] Addressing the singer's death, the guitarist told The Guardian how he and his bandmates, John Deacon and Roger Taylor, were left in a state of "disbelief". In 2011, American Idol star Adam joined Queen for a performance at the MTV Europe Awards in Belfast where the group accepted a Global icon Award. Following the success of the performance, Adam joined the band as a more permanent member of the group. Brian addressed Adam's role in the band in 2018, explaining that Freddie would have had mixed feelings about him due to his talent. He told Yahoo: “Freddie would love and hate him, because Adam has a real gift from God. “It’s a voice in a billion, nobody has that range, nobody that I’ve ever worked with, not just the range, but the quality throughout the range. “I’ve seen Adam develop just like I watched Freddie develop.” However, he later said in 2019 that he believes Freddie would have “approved” of his replacement.