Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, garnered popularity after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one of the groups, Facebook user Ella O'Brien said: “Does anyone have any secret tips for getting rid of marks on walls? “My little darlings constantly have their hands on the walls it drives me mad. “I will repaint if needed but just wondered if anyone had any tips. Thank you!” Ella’s post was inundated with comments from Mrs Hinch fans. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home The most popular response was to use a “magic eraser”. Barbara Knowlden said: “Magic eraser.” Annette Woolfson replied: “Rub gently with a slightly dampened magic eraser.” Emma Soule commented: “Next time you paint use washable paint, then a magic sponge will easily keep it clean.”  DON'T MISSLaundry expert shares items which should never be put in the machine [INSIGHT]Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home [UPDATE]Garden weeds: Use Epsom salt to ‘effectively’ kill weeds - ‘amazing!’ [ANALYSIS] Christine Dean suggested: “Magic sponge removed marks where my dog had rubbed against the wall.” Marnie Tindale said: “Magic eraser is the best thing ever!” Sarah March replied: “My delightful dog gets muddy paw prints on the walls chasing shadows. “I always use a magic eraser sponge (use damp). Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “It works brilliantly but after several times doing this you will need to repaint.” Sandie Briggs suggested: “Magic erasers work every time. “Can buy them cheap from loads of places.” Dolores Wilmot said: “Definitely second the magic eraser sponge.” Flash Magic Eraser Extra Power Cleaner are £2 for two from Sainsbury’s, which works out at just £1 each. The product claims to “remove impossible stains like crayon on walls, tough grease on hobs or grime on wheel hubs”. Ecozone Magical Stain Eraser Single costs £4.99 from Holland & Barrett. Magic Eraser Sponge is available at The Range for £1.29.   JML Doktor Power Magic Eraser is £5 from Wilko. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using vinegar, fabric conditioner and wet wipes. Katie Smith replied: “I use a magic eraser but it’s not ideal for paint. “I’ve just recently tried washing up liquid and sponge. “Seemed to work well but paint still needed.” Crystal Sparkle said: “Vinegar.” Dolly Mixtures suggested: “Diluted fabric conditioner and a microfibre cloth.” Susan Thompson wrote: “Wet wipes are brill. I use them to clean my house.” Teresa Price said: “Washing powder in hot water but not tablet ones.”