Sue Richardson is the general manager of Perfect Day at Coco Cay, Royal Caribbean's private island. She told Express.co.uk what it’s like to live in paradise and shared her best advice for guests. From the luxurious Coco Beach Club to the incredible Thrill Waterpark, it’s not hard to see why guests love CocoCay. A visit to the breathtaking private island is included on some of Royal Caribbean’s Caribbean cruises. Sue has worked at the Royal Caribbean Group for 27 years and she told Express.co.uk that the staff at CocoCay start the day early. She said: “Behind the scenes, the team is already awake and busy way before sunrise preparing for the day. READ MORE: Titanic compared to a modern day cruise ship “No two days are ever the same, we live and work in a tropical haven surrounded by fellow colleagues who love what they do. “Each day we bring to life the most breath-taking experiences for our guests, it’s a very special place to be. “Whether we’re listening to the shrieks of thrill seekers taking the plunge down Daredevils Peak, the tallest waterslide in North America, or delivering freshly made cocktails to tranquil cabanas by the ocean, from the moment the ship docks at the pier, my team and I are on hand to ensure our guests have the perfect day, whatever that means to them.” Working on a tropical island in the Caribbean definitely has some significant differences to life in the UK. Sue said: “I am from the UK, so the tropical year-round climate of the Caribbean is just spectacular! “We truly live in an idyllic location, white sandy beaches surrounded by crystal blue Caribbean waters. “It’s a lush tropical escape where the climate is incredible, and we get to share this amazing island with our guests every day.” Even tropical islands aren’t immune to the occasional bout of bad weather and Sue said: “Monitoring the weather becomes a fanatical focus!” Sue shared her top tip for new cruise guests with Express.co.uk. She said: “Know before you go and research your ship. “There is so much to do onboard, so knowing in advance what activities and entertainment you wish to enjoy will help you plan your days and make the most of your cruise experience. “Once onboard, ask the crew questions, they always have the best recommendations!” On CocoCay, Sue recommends guests visit Up, Up and Away to enjoy incredible views of the island. She loves the swim up bar at Oasis Lagoon where guests can enjoy tunes in the largest freshwater pool in the Bahamas. Sue also shared a few essential items that cruise guests might forget to pack before setting off. She told Express.co.uk: “A waterproof pouch for your phone so you can snap your underwater adventures and keep your phone protected at the beach. “Of course, sun cream, sunglasses and hat are everyday wear at Perfect Day.”