While many Britons will have completed their year end accounts, others will still be looking for ways to reduce their tax bill. One financial expert has shared three tips for experienced investors to help them pay fewer taxes to HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) this year. Alex Davies is the founder of Wealth Club, a UK broker of tax-efficient investments. He has shared three things experienced investors should consider in the last few days of the tax year if they are looking to make savings. Firstly, Mr Davies advised Britons to look beyond pensions and ISAs as it could help them save up to 50 percent on income and capital gains tax. He said: “Pensions and ISAs are great, but the allowances can be restrictive for some. READ MORE: Which 10 groups of people could benefit from a free bus pass? Mr Davies continued: “To mitigate this, if you’re prepared to take extra risk, you could look to the government’s venture capital schemes. “Each offers a different mix of tax benefits. “Which you go for will largely depend on circumstances and how much risk you’re prepared to take. “As a rule of thumb, the greater the tax benefits, the higher the risk.” DON'T MISS:NS&I offers more choice for jackpot winners [UPDATE]Council tax reductions: Who is eligible and how to claim [INSIGHT]Gifting cash to beat Sunak’s inheritance tax grab? Avoid mistakes [WARNING] Venture Capital Trusts (VCTs) offer up to 30 percent income tax relief with an allowance of £200,000 a year. Enterprise Investment Scheme (EIS) investments also offer up to 30 percent income tax relief and allow investors to defer a Capital Gains Tax bill. Alternatively, people might choose to invest in a Seed Enterprise Investment Scheme (SEIS)because it allows them to cut both their income and capital gains tax in half. A £100,000 investment could save someone £50,000 income tax plus £14,000 capital gains tax. Secondly, Mr Davies suggests that people try and recoup taxes. EIS and SEIS investments (but not VCTs) allow investors to offset the tax relief against the previous tax year and get back tax already paid. Mr Davies explained: “However, there is a catch. To be able to carry back to 2020/21 tax year, your money must be invested – and the shares allotted – by 5 April 2022. “If this deadline is not met, you don’t have the option to carry back, but of course can still offset the tax relief against the current tax year. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea One of the most important things people can do to pay less tax is to protect pensions and ISAs from inheritance tax. Mr Davies said: “Contrary to what many think, ISAs are not IHT free. “So, if you do nothing, up to 40 percent of your fund could eventually be eaten up by tax. “Spending your ISA might be fun, but probably not what you had in mind when you were saving into it. “An alternative is to invest in an AIM ISA, a managed portfolio of AIM shares that can be IHT free after two years. “You still get the ISA benefits of tax-free income and growth for as long as you live, but you don’t need to worry about IHT on top.”