Insulin is needed both for patients living with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. In both conditions, the insulin problem is different. In type 1 diabetes, the body’s immune system is attacking and destroying the cells that produce insulin. Meanwhile, type 2 is where the body does not produce enough insulin. READ MORE: Confidence is all in the mind – how to be comfortable in your own skin As a result, both type 1 and type 2 diabetics need to constantly top up their insulin levels in order to remain healthy and fit. If Ukrainian diabetics fleeing conflict run of the insulin they need, this could have serious implications. In a press release, The Lancet said: “Lack of timely intervention and access to diabetes care causes serious long-term health consequences, which can be fatal. “The protracted conflict in Yemen, for example, has resulted in approximately half the country’s health facilities being out of service and a quarter of limb amputations at International Committee of the Red Cross centres are due to diabetes”.  Yemen here is used as an example of the profound impact war can have on the ability of a local population to access the most basic of medicinal supplies. The Lancet continues: “WHO, includes insulin, glucometers, and urine tests strips in their interagency emergency health kits and international food agencies are implementing schemes to manage more complex long-term nutritional requirements. “Although the more robust healthcare systems of the countries hosting Ukrainian refugees might currently reduce the risk of diabetes care mismanagement, there will be a greater cost to human life than predicted if diabetes and chronic conditions are not adequately managed”. If a person runs out of insulin they can develop a condition known as Diabetic Ketoacidosis, also known as DKA. When this condition occurs, harmful ketones build up in the body; this process can be life threatening if it isn’t treated quickly. Symptoms of the condition include needing to urinate more than usual, feeling very thirstly, vomiting, tummy pain, breath that smells fruity, deep or fast breathing, feeling very tired, confusion, and passing out. The NHS recommends individuals should go straight to A&E, contact their GP, or diabetes team as soon as they suspect they may have DKA. In their press release, The Lancet refers to conditions other than diabetes, such as cancer, that may also be affected by the conflict in Ukraine. Speaking to the Express last week, Richard Sullivan of King’s College London said that Europe could be about to experience: “the biggest cancer disaster in a lifetime” as patients have their treatment stopped. Like The Lancet, Professor Sullivan warns of unnecessary deaths resulting from the displacement of patients, not all of whom will receive treatment either in time. Patients may also pass away further down the line from a condition they don’t yet know they have and may not have yet been diagnosed. For more information on diabetes contact the NHS or consult with your GP.