Russian President Vladimir Putin had anticipated a swift victory in his brutal invasion of Ukraine. He insisted on Wednesday that Moscow would achieve its aims and would not submit to what he called a Western attempt to achieve global dominance and dismember Russia. But Ukraine continues to put up a brave resistance with most of the country's major cities kept out of Russian hands despite unrelenting attacks, millions displaced and hundreds of casualties. Moscow's slow progress has raised questions as to why a country with one of the world's largest armies has not seen more success on the ground. Professor Michael Goodman, Head of War Studies at King's College London, told Express.co.uk: "This is a big intelligence failure for the Russians because they probably thought they would go in, win much more quickly and not expect the general, global counter-reaction from NATO and countries all around the world. "Russia really is on the verge of becoming a pariah state up there with Iran and North Korea and I don't know if they'd have expected that." He added what cannot be known is whether Putin might have ignored warnings about the difficulties Russia might face from his own intelligence services, drawing a parallel with the Soviet Union's intelligence services alerting Joseph Stalin to Nazi Germany's intention to invade the USSR during World War 2. Stalin ignored the warnings, thinking Hitler's regime would honour a non-aggression pact. More than three million German troops invaded Russia on June 22, 1941, dragging the USSR into the war. On Putin's options in Ukraine, Professor Goodman explained the Russian President could escalate the conflict to the point where it becomes a horrifically brutal war or he might win easily through a massive bombardment, or he may withdraw. Professor Goodman said: "The withdrawal is very unlikely because he's in there now. "  READ MORE ABOUT PUTIN HINTING AT AN IMMINENT CLIMBDOWN He continued: "There's that risk that it becomes a horrible counter-insurgency like Afghanistan was in the 80s for Russia or the 2000s for the West. "One option, therefore, is can the West come up with some kind of possible way for Putin to withdraw without losing face? Before the invasion it could have been [Donetsk and Luhansk in the east of Ukraine] becoming Russian. "I don't think now that's an option. I don't think the Ukrainian president would allow any part of his country to go Russian. I don't think the West would allow that. "The question is, is there a clever way that you can let Putin scale things down without it becoming shameful for him."  DON'T MISS: BBC Question Time audience member blasts Tory MP over refugee policy [REPORT] P&O sacks 800 workers by video as captain locks out cheaper staff [REVEALED] Tory MP U-turns on Boris support as country faces ‘national emergency' [LATEST] He admitted it was hard to see a way of withdrawing without Putin losing face. A former head of MI6 said on Wednesday that only China's President can influence Putin to stop his invasion. Sir Alex Younger, head of the Secret Intelligence Service from 2014 to 2020, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "Of all the people in the world that can assert influence on Vladimir Putin, who is in his bunker and who is obsessed by achieving greatness through the restoration of the Russian Empire, of all the people that can talk sense to him, it's Xi (Jinping). "Vladimir Putin needs Xi and of course Xi, while he feels he has to align himself at the high level with what Russia is doing because of their new alliance, must be deeply disturbed by what is going on." US President Joe Biden spoke to his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, on Friday. He was expected to tell Mr Xi that China will pay a price if it supports Russia's military operations in Ukraine. Russia's invasion has largely stalled on all fronts in recent days amid heavy losses, British military intelligence and the Ukrainian armed forces have said. They said Putin shows little desire to compromise with Ukraine wanting to retain sovereignty over areas occupied since 2014 by Russia and pro-Russian forces. Conservative chairman of the Defence Committee, Tobias Ellwood, has said there are "huge lessons" to be learned in understanding the wider geopolitical picture that is now changing in front of us. The former soldier, who served in Bosnia, told ITV News in February: "NATO wasn't part of Bosnia there, but there was a commitment to European security, and now we are playing catch-up. "We're actually reacting to events rather than getting ahead of them. And the big question is - when do you stand up to Putin? Do you make sure that you hold him back today? "Or do you allow him to advance and end up having a bigger battle later on when you realise what his intentions are. Things won't stop here. Let's make this very, very clear. "Putin's ideological intention to expand his sphere of influence will go way beyond Ukraine." On whether more could have been done to deter Putin after the poisoning in Salisbury of former Russian military officer Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia in 2018, Professor Goodman said in hindsight the UK had almost certainly taken its eyes off Russia. He added: "On the other hand, there were very good reasons for doing so because terrorism was such an overwhelming focus of resources." But threats to UK security may now be overshadowed by Russia, including Chinese espionage and rising far right extremism. Professor Goodman warned that the return to state based competition and the threat from state espionage will rise, but these have already been a major focus for the UK's intelligence services.