Dr Michael Mosley often shares his weight loss tips with slimmers online as well as on television. He is the creator of The Fast 800 – a diet plan that helps people lose weight quickly. According to Dr Mosley, following The Fast 800 diet is one of the “most effective” ways to lose weight. This is because the diet had been designed for people to lose weight fast, and some have even “managed to shed two stone in just 10 weeks”, the nutrition expert said. The Fast 800 is a diet which is comprised of three components: intermittent fasting, time-restricted eating, and the Mediterranean diet. The latter is what Dr Mosley recommended slimmers eat while following his diet. READ MORE: Prince Harry's 'change of diet' is 'indicative of Meghan’s influence' “The Mediterranean diet is one of the healthiest diets in the world,” Dr Mosley explained. Its foods include vegetables, fruits, legumes, nuts, seeds, potatoes, whole grains, herbs, spices, fish, seafood, and extra virgin olive oil. Mediterranean ingredients are full of nutrients and keep the body feeling fuller for longer, which may lead to weight loss. Even adding extra virgin olive oil onto food can help with weight loss, according to experts such as Dr Simon Poole. DON'T MISS: Nutritionist shares diet plan that’s ‘really good for weight loss’ [EXCLUSIVE]Weight loss and mental health: 7 steps to help you 'lose weight' [GUIDE]Weight loss: Woman shed 1.5st in just 12 weeks - diet & exercise plan [PICTURES] Dr Poole, who has studied the Mediterranean diet closely and has written two books about it, added that the diet “sits beautifully in a position where it helps you to lose weight, helps you to maintain a normal weight, but also protects you from chronic diseases as you grow older”. Speaking about The Fast 800, Dr Mosley continued: “Science shows that the most effective way to lose weight is by following a diet that incorporates intermittent fasting, time restricted eating and the Mediterranean diet. “Which is why I came up with The Fast 800.” The doctor went on to explain: “Previous to this, I had developed the 5:2 diet many years ago, when intermittent fasting was a radical idea, but one that really resonated. “One thing that has become clear since then is that 800 calories appears to be a magic number when it comes to weight loss, based on studies which show people find it easier to follow, but they still get the same weight loss advantages. “Studies suggest it’s the amount of weight you lose in the first month that predicts the long-term success of losing weight. “For this reason, The Fast 800 diet recommends doing two weeks of sticking to 800 calories a day, every day, to kick-start your weight loss.” While sticking to 800 calories a day, Dr Mosley recommended spreading these out over two or three low-carb meals. He also stressed that slimmers should “try to avoid snacking”. Dr Mosley himself does not snack, except on a “handful of nuts” if he is hungry. He added that meal replacement shakes could also help slimmers keep to the 800 calorie a day rule. “Some people on it [The Fast 800 diet] like to spread their 800 calories over three meals,” the nutrition expert said. “Others find it easier to eat them in two, with a late-morning brunch and an early evening meal. “Likewise, some people prefer to consume up to half their calories as meal-replacement shakes [but] others want real food for every meal.”