The first weekend Wordle has gone live for Saturday, March 26. I don't know about you, but ever since Wordle was purchased by The New York Times, it feels like the daily puzzles are much harder to solve. Wordle 280 is an extremely difficult puzzle, so don't feel guilty about heading to the bottom of the page for a selection of spoiler-free hints to give you a boost. Good luck, and remember to check back for more clues tomorrow. If you're new to Wordle and aren't quite sure how it all works, here's a little refresher on how to play. The aim of Wordle is to figure out a five letter word in six attempts. If you get the answer wrong, you'll have to wait until a new puzzle comes along on the following day. If you do want to solve it in as few attempts as possible, you'll need to pay attention to the colour of the tiles. If the tile turns grey, the letter does not appear in the word you are guessing. If the tile turns yellow, the letter you guessed is in the word, just not in the correct position. If the tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the right place. The app keeps track of your statistics, showing the number of correct answers you've managed, and how quickly you were able to solve today's puzzle - something which can be shared on social media for bragging rights. Read on for the Wordle 280 hints for March 26... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'CRANE' is a good word to start with, while 'GHOUL' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 280 hints and clues... 1. Wordle 280 starts with the letter E. 2. Wordle 280 contains just two vowels. 3. Wordle 280 contains one of the letters I previously said to avoid. 4. No matter how many guesses I made, I couldn't get anything to stick.