Married at First Sight Australia series nine once again matched up complete strangers who met for the first time on the day of their weddings. Law clerk Matt Ridley, 39, was late to the party, getting hitched to 38-year-old clinical nutritionist Kate later on in the season. From the beginning, the newlyweds had a bit of a rocky start to married life. On their big day, Matt commented on how he was "absolutely smitten" with his new wife. He was thrilled with her "beautiful" vows and couldn't stop looking into her eyes but Kate, on the other hand, wasn't as enthralled. She didn't initially find Matt attractive, wishing to slow down their relationship as he seemed keener than Kate. Nevertheless, the couple continued to progress and things briefly started to look more positive. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role After a successful Couple's Retreat, Matt went on a drunken night out, leaving his wife less than impressed. He made his way into fellow contestants Ella and Mitch's as well as Domenica and Jack's rooms where he called Kate, asking her to join them for drinks. Matt later apologised for his behaviour during a dinner party but Kate appeared hesitant. As a result of that night, Matt and Kate realised they wouldn't be able to make the relationship work and chose to leave the experiment. Typically when a couple agrees to go further in their relationship after the show, they usually settle down in one of their hometowns. Since Matt and Kate decided to call it quits earlier than expected, they are unlikely to be visiting each other's loved ones. Matt, who is originally from Queensland, hasn't yet confirmed if he has returned home. However, he indicated that this would be the case via his Instagram account. DON'T MISS...Holding viewers 'switch off' ITV drama after '10 minutes' [REACTION]Selina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Selina Chhaur now? [CAST]MAFS Australia season 9: Are Olivia and Jackson still together? [EXPLAINER] Matt's latest post on social media was of a picture of himself, having a few drinks with his friends. In the caption, he wrote: "Can’t wait to see my mates and get all the goss!" So this is a pretty big clue that Matt has gone back to Queensland to be near his loved ones. Whether or not he has resumed his career as a law clerk though remains unclear at this stage. Matt was previously married to another woman for seven years and went through several rounds of IVF together. As they were unable to have children, the couple resulted in fostering a total of 28 children. Before the process, he admitted looking up to his parents' 45-year marriage, giving him inspiration for his next relationship, whoever that will be with. Married at First Sight Australia season 9 continues on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.