The Duke of York made a public return as he attended the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service which was held at Westminster Abbey today. John Cleese, who starred in Monty Python, has called Prince Andrew's appearance into question as he reacted to a Twitter post that also addressed Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's notable absence. Prince Andrew was joined by his siblings alongside more than 30 foreign royals and the extended Royal Family for Prince Philip's memorial. The Duke of York sported a sombre expression as he arrived at the service with the Queen by his side as he supported Her Majesty. It comes after Andrew withdrew from royal duties following sexual assault allegations, which he vehemently denies, made by Virginia Giuffre in a civil claim in the United States. Taking to the micro-blogging site, John, 82, posed a question in view of his 5.7 million followers. READ MORE: Andrea McLean's family were forced to flee home as she aids Ukraine It comes after podcast host Jessica Davies reacted to an earlier tweet that questioned Andrew attending the service following the abuse allegations. In view of her 171,000 followers, she tweeted: "Literally. Andrew sat front row yet somehow it’s Harry and Meghan who are the bad guys here." John took the opportunity to share the message in view of his 5.9 million followers. He wrote: "Is there anyone in Britain who is not embarrassed?"  The Duke had a front row seat, sitting close to his other siblings, with his daughters Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice also in attendance. There was, however, no sign of his ex-wife Sarah, Duchess of York. The Duke's attendance caused a social media storm with some people reacting as the Queen walked with her son arm in arm. Twitter user JordanLee wrote: "Allowing Prince Andrew to walk The Queen into Westminster Abbey was a terrible decision by Buckingham Palace. What does it say to victims of sexual assault? Terrible optics just days after a poorly organised tour." DON'T MISS... Jada Pinkett Smith shares cryptic post after Will Smith's Oscars slap[LATEST]A Place In The Sun presenter Laura Hamilton's son taken to hospital[INSTAGRAM]Michael Bublé says he and wife spoke about annulment on honeymoon[INTERVIEW] But others disagreed as Akua Afriyie commented: "Please not everything is PR. It’s a memorial service for Prince Andrew’s father and his mother chose him to escort her during such a difficult time. Spin it anyway you want but he had every right to be there to celebrate his father’s life." It is the Duke of York's first public appearance since the settlement of a civil sex assault case in the US. The settlement was without admission of guilt on his part. Meanwhile, Prince Harry and Meghan decided to not attend the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service, held almost 12 months after the royal's death. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex remained in California where the couple resides after they quit the Royal Family in 2020. Harry, who is due to travel to the Netherlands in two weeks to attend the Invictus Games, refused to travel over a row about his security. The Duke is pursuing a legal challenge against the Home Office after being told he would no longer be given the "same degree" of personal protective security when visiting from the US, despite offering to pay for it himself. Harry last returned to the UK eight months ago to unveil the statue of his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales in London on July 1 with his brother Prince William. However, he does plan to fly to The Hague in The Netherlands in two weeks' time to attend the Invictus Games.