Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich announced last week that he will be passing on the "stewardship" of the club to the trustees of the club’s charitable foundation. However, the trustees have reported Abramovich's move to the Charity Commission, the British body overseeing charities. The Charity Commission, which regulates the Chelsea Foundation, confirmed it has received a “serious incident report” from the club's trustees amid concerns about how Abramovich's plan to pass over "stewardship" of the club. The Russian businessman's ownership of Chelsea has been in the spotlight due to Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine. Last week the Labour MP Chris Bryant used parliamentary privilege to claim that Abramovich was identified by the Home Office in 2019 as having links to the Russian state as well as to “corrupt activity and practices”. He said: “I’ve got hold of a leaked document from 2019, from the Home Office, which says in relation to Mr Abramovich: ‘As part of HMG’s [Her Majesty’s government] Russia strategy aimed at targeting illicit finance and malign activity, Abramovich remains of interest to HMG due to his links to the Russian state and his public association with corrupt activity and practices.'" Continuing to quote the document, he added: “‘An example of this is Abramovich admitting in court proceedings that he paid for political influence. Therefore HMG is focused on ensuring individuals linked to illicit finance and malign activity are unable to base themselves in the UK, and will use the relevant tools at its disposal, including immigration powers, to prevent this.’” Abramovich is now reportedly mediating over the Russian invasion of Ukraine, although his spokesperson has acknowledged he would have “limited” influence. His spokesperson said: “I can confirm that Roman Abramovich was contacted by the Ukrainian side for support in achieving a peaceful resolution, and that he has been trying to help ever since. “Considering what is at stake, we would ask for your understanding as to why we have not commented on neither the situation as such nor his involvement.” Now, Damian Green, a Conservative MP who is also a member the Digital, Culture and Sport Committee, has told Express.co.uk that Chelsea fans should not be made "responsible" for who owns the club in light of scrutiny facing the club this week. He said: "It's generally unfair to put any kind of responsibility on fans for the people who own their clubs, particularly big clubs that change hands and will often have controversial owners. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Tuchel erupts at reporter over Abramovich question "Fans will support their clubs through thick and thin, and aren't responsible for who owns the club — they support the club and not the owner." On Sunday, Chelsea FC published a short statement that read: "The situation in Ukraine is horrific and devastating. Chelsea FC’s thoughts are with everyone in Ukraine. Everyone at the club is praying for peace." Chelsea and Liverpool showed their support for the people of Ukraine before the Carabao Cup final on Sunday Captains Cezar Azpilicueta and Jordan Henderson carried wreaths in the yellow and blue colours of Ukraine when they emerged from the tunnel. Russia is facing stiff opposition in the sporting world as a result of its invasion into Ukraine. DON'T MISS Chelsea crisis as Abramovich faces rethink with 'two trustees' concern [INSIGHT] Kick them out! MP demands Russia are banned from World Cup [ANALYSIS] Roman Abramovich to take part in peace talks after Ukraine appeal [INSIGHT] UEFA stripped St Petersburg of the Champions League final in May, also removing Spartak Moscow from the Europa League. The Russian side were set to play German outfit RB Leipzig, who will now advance to the quarter-finals. UEFA also terminated a sponsorship deal worth £33.5million a year with Russian energy company Gazprom F1 has also cancelled the Russian Grand Prix in September.