Chris Evert has admitted that she believes the likes of Daniil Medvedev are dealing with the "burden" of conflict in Ukraine while competing. All Russian and Belarusian tennis players are currently playing as neutrals amid the invasion of Ukraine. Tennis is one of the few sports still allowing Russian and Belarusian athletes to compete, but the ATP, WTA, ITF and four Grand Slams recently confirmed that they would be playing as neutrals with no mention of their country or flag. The Russian and Belarusian tennis federation teams have also been banned from competing in this year's Davis Cup and Billie Jean King Cup tournaments, despite Russia being the defending champions of both events. In Indian Wells this week, the top seeds in the men's and women's draws have been Russian and Belarusian - ATP world No 1 Daniil Medvedev and WTA world No 3 Aryna Sabalenka. Meanwhile, Ukrainian players including Elina Svitolina, Dayana Yastremska and Marta Kostyuk have had an emotional time on the court in recent tournaments. JUST IN: Murray identifies 'strong candidate' for new coach after Indian Wells  At the recent Monterrey Open, Svitolina refused to compete against Russian or Belarusian players - including her first-round opponent Anastasia Potapova - unless they became neutrals, which they did. Yastremska fled Ukraine with her sister, leaving behind their parents, and made it to the final of the event in Lyon last week, while Kostyuk was emotional at the end of her first-round match in Indian Wells, later slamming Russian players for their "empty" and "meaningless" statements. But retired former world No 1 Chris Evert has pointed out that all players with close ties, whether Ukrainian, Russian or Belarusian, were struggling during the conflict. “I feel for any of the players who have come from that part of the world and who have family and roots, whether it's in Russia or Ukraine or Belarus,” the 18-time Grand Slam champion told Eurosport. DON'T MISSMurray weighs in on heckler incident after Osaka reduced to tearsEmma Raducanu suffered stiff back at Indian WellsMurray details problem that led to Indian Wells exit in Bublik loss “It's got to be a big burden for these players to carry around while they're trying to compete. "In order to compete at the highest level, you usually have to be focused on your tennis, and this isn't the case." The retired American pro admitted all players from the three countries deserved the benefit of the doubt in matches during the conflict, but while she thought the invasion of Ukraine was more important than tennis, Evert did say Medvedev deserved to keep his world No 1 ranking rather than be banned. She added: "So, we have to have some understanding if these players don't exactly do as well as they're used to, that there's just so many more important things going on in their life than a tennis match. "In saying that, I think Medvedev, with his record, does deserve to be number one." The 157-time title winner also tipped Medvedev as the favourite a the BNP Paribas Open, alongside Rafael Nadal. Evert added: “Medvedev and Nadal are right now the two favourites of Indian Wells. I don't know how you can put Medvedev over Nadal or Nadal over Medvedev at this point. I think they're pretty close." Referencing their recent Australian Open final, won by Nadal as he came from two-sets-down for a record 21st Grand Slam title, Evert admitted she thought the result was largely irrelevant in Indian Wells. She said: "Personally since it's two out of three sets, I think that's pretty much erased (the Australian Open final defeat). I would think that a champion mentality can erase that. It's been enough time. It's not like the next week they're playing each other. "I think more importantly, Nadal, since he took that break, has been hungrier. And when you take time off, you really are a little more alert, a little more focused, a little fresher. And I think Nadal came back pretty strong after his foot injury. "If they were to face off, I think it would be more about Nadal's current form and the fact that the court is a little bit slower that would affect Medvedev. I don't think the thought of the Australian Open would affect him as much." 