EastEnders' Chelsea Fox’s (played by Zaraah Abrahams) life hangs in the balance after Gary Atkins (Toby-Alexander Smith) realised she had tricked him into confessing to Chantelle Atkins’ (Jessica Plumber) death while on the phone to the emergency services. Will Gray kill his second wife and could Karen Taylor (Lorraine Stanley), who is looking after baby Jordan, also be in grave danger? In Wednesday’s instalment, Karen refused to listen to Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty) and Mick Carter (Danny Dyer). The pair warned the matriarch about their fears Gray had killed Tina Carter (Luisa Bradshaw-White). Mitch Baker (Roger Griffiths) suggested they listen to their concerns but Karen disagreed. Whitney said: “I’m sorry we didn’t come here to upset you but we are so worried about Jordan.” “Well you ain’t got to worry about that,” Karen hit back. “Gray is a good father, a loving husband, he’s a kind, good man. You two don’t know what you’re talking about.” Read more: Emmerdale wins soap war against EastEnders in schedule shake-up “Maybe we should hear out?” Mitch suggested but Karen replied: “No I’ve heard enough.” The mum asked Whitney and Mick to leave before Mitch decided he would follow them to hear what they had to say. EastEnders fans then discovered Karen had been secretly hiding Gray and his son Jordan. She agreed to look after the little one while Gray returned home to wait for Chelsea. When the new mum showed up, she wasted little time before sharing her concerns over how her husband’s first wife died. She demanded the truth from Gray if he wanted her to leave Walford with him. The lawyer eventually agreed and confessed to accidentally killing his wife after she admitted to an affair with Kheerat Panesar (Jaz Deol), which fans will know isn’t true. Chantelle told Gray she believed him and would go on the run after hearing the truth. DON'T MISSEastEnders' Kat Slater's death sealed as she tries to help Phil? [SPOILER]EastEnders horror as Phil Mitchell killed behind bars? [THEORY]EastEnders' Gray Atkins to lose custody of his children? [INSIGHT] But, in a surprise twist viewers realised she had been on the phone to the emergency services the entire time. It seemed Gray had been caught out once and for all but the episode ended with the lawyer realising what his wife had done. Will he lash out and kill Chelsea just like he did when he discovered Chantelle wanted to leave him? If he does harm Chelsea it may be only a matter of time before Karen finds herself in danger. Official spoiler pictures show Chantelle’s mum confronting her former son-in-law in Thursday’s episode. Karen “realises Gray isn’t the innocent man she thought he was” but “tensions quickly rise” between the pair. EastEnders viewers will know the lawyer will do whatever it takes to protect himself. In the images, Karen is seen brandishing a baseball bat but Gray could easily overpower her. Backed into a corner, will Gray kill Chelsea and Karen in a bid to buy himself enough time to get out of Walford? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.