Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield are back on Sunday night to present the final of Dancing on Ice 2022. The former Strictly Come Dancing star, Regan and Kimberly Wyatt will all take to the ice for the very last time in the hopes of impressing the judges and winning the ITV competition. According to the bookmaker's latest odds, dancer Regan is the hot favourite to win the show with his dance partner Karina Manta. With just hours to go until the final, Ladbrokes have given Regan odds of 1/3 to win the ITV series. Meanwhile, Brendan is close behind him with odds of 7/2, while Kimberly is predicted to come in third place with odds of 6/1. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Regan has headed the betting from the offset, and the latest odds suggest it'll take something pretty special to stop him from winning the series." READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Maria Connor removed from the cobbles Earlier this week, Brendan, Kimberly and Regan made an appearance on This Morning to chat about being in the final. Phillip Schofield brought up the claims Dancing on Ice is "fixed" because the three finalists are all dancers. "It's been a really nice thing for all of us, we've pushed each other with our dancing abilities," Brendan said about the criticism. "When I see Regan and he does something really beautifully, it makes me want to be better, same with Kimberly, so I think that push between the three of us, in particular, has been good for us and good for the series." During the semi-final of Dancing on Ice Regan and Brendan sailed through to the final, while Connor Ball, Kye Whyte and Kimberly had to battle it out in the skate-off. After each celebrity performed one final time, the judges had to make a decision about who would stay and who would go home. "Ok, here we go," Phillip began as he gathered the celebrities together. "How on earth do you judge this? "Well done, guys, all incredible. They have done all they can, one couple will go through to the final and the others will leave tonight." DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected me' [INSIGHT]Vera's Brenda Blethyn teases future episodes away from Newcastle [NEWS]Ben Shephard airs concern for Kammy as he gives health update [VIDEO] The host continued: "It's decision time. Each judge will give us the name of the couple they want to save. "In the event of a tie, it will go to head judge Chris, who will have the casting vote." Turning to Ashley Banjo first, the Diversity dancer praised: "What a skate-off. All of you guys did such an incredible job. "This is so hard, but I am going to save the couple who I think is the most original, inventive and creative and for me, that's Kimberly and Mark." Oti Mabuse also praised each of their performances as she said: "That was so amazing. "I think the competition this year is so, so tough and all of you deserve to be in the final but unfortunately only one can be there.  "For me, I voted for the couple who had more difficulty and pushed themselves and that for me is Kimberly and Mark." Jayne Torvill told the celebrities they should be proud of themselves as she praised them for making no mistakes. The professional skater also went on to save Kimberly and Mark, meaning they instantly were put through to the final. Christopher Dean agreed with his fellow judges and admitted he too would have voted for Kimberly and Mark. The Dancing on Ice final was pushed back a week after the show was cancelled due to a sporting event. Instead, ITV broadcast the FA Cup quarter-final match between Nottingham Forest and Liverpool. Dancing on Ice continues on Sunday at 7pm on ITV.