It later withdrew its report. Twitter user @JimmySecUK, who reports on security, shared a post from the Russia state-owned TASS news agency which described the impact of the explosion. He translated the following: “Four servicemen were wounded when a shell hit a military camp in the Belgorod region.” Around 10 minutes later, he posted: “TASS have deleted the tweet above, presumably because admitting to a successful strike on Russian territory is slightly embarrassing.” Belgorod Oblast Governor Vyacheslav Gladkov further complicated reports by claiming there were no casualties. He, citied in Reuters, said blasts occurred near the village of Krasny Oktyabr. This is around 19 miles southwest of Belgorod. READ MORE: Putin rubbing hands as 'scared Europe losing financial war' Rob Lee, a PhD student of War Studies at King's College London suggested in a post on Twitter the explosion could have been an accident on the part of Russia rather than a Ukrainian attack. He wrote: “This could be sabotage by Ukrainian SSO/SOF [Special Operation Forces], who have allegedly conducted operations in Russia over the past few years. “But we should also keep in mind that there have been several explosions at Russian ammo depots in recent years due to lax safety standards.” DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Mr Lee later shared a post by Ukrainian journalist Yury Butusov who claimed it was in fact a strike from a Ukrainian Tochka-U tactical ballistic missile. He added: “If this is a Ukrainian Tochka-U strike, I believe this would be the third successful strike within Russia. The other two occurred on Russian airfields.” Max Seddon of the Financial Times quoted Russian Deputy Defence Minister Alexander Fomin, who said Moscow had decided to “fundamentally cut back military activity in the direction of Kyiv and Chernigiv… to increase mutual trust for future negotiations to agree and sign a peace deal with Ukraine”.