Novak Djokovic has lost one of his long-time sponsors in the wake of his vaccine controversy. The world No 2 had stood by his decision to remain unvaccinated after being deported from Australia ahead of the first Grand Slam of the year. Peugeot has been one of Djokovic's main sponsors since 2014 and originally said it had no intentions of dropping the Serb in the wake of his vaccine controversy but has now made a U-turn and ended their sponsorship. Djokovic has been the centre of controversy since arriving in Melbourne unvaccinated at the start of the year. The world No 2 had his visa cancelled twice and was ultimately deported ahead of the Australian Open, as the country's Federal Court agreed his presence could "excite anti-vax sentiment". The Serb has since stood by his beliefs, admitting he would miss the likes of Wimbledon and the French Open if they required vaccination to compete. "Yes, that is the price that I'm willing to pay because the principles of decision making on my body are more important than any title or anything else," he recently told the BBC in his first in-depth interview since his saga in Australia. JUST IN: Ukrainian chief 'slaps' Tennis Europe CEO in furious Russia meeting   The 20-time Grand Slam champion faced losing some of his major sponsors in the wake of the controversy, as his clothing sponsor Lacoste first cast doubt over their partnership shortly after the start of the Australian Open. “As soon as possible, we will be in touch with Novak Djokovic to review the events that have accompanied his presence in Australia,” the heritage brand said in a statement on January 18, though they have continued their sponsorship of the world's current second-best men's player. In the days following Djokovic's deportation from Australia, automobile company Peugeot was one of the 34-year-old's sponsors who did not cast any doubt over their partnership, having worked together since 2014. An anonymous source close to Peugeot told Reuters they anticipated their partnership to continue with the Serb's recent participation in the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships as recently as last week, saying: "We anticipate the Peugeot brand will be represented at the tournament in Dubai on Mr. Djokovic’s shirt." DON'T MISSAndy Murray tipped for Wimbledon success after French Open snubRaducanu faces race against time to prove fitness before Indian WellsSvitolina's opponent's message as Ukrainian refuses to face Russian  But it seems the French automobile company have now made a U-turn, as the CEO of their parent company has confirmed the end of their partnership with Djokovic.   Carlos Tavares, the CEO of the Stellantis Group which owns Peugeot, confirmed the news in a briefing with the press. When asked by El Espanol whether the French car brand would continue to sponsor the world No 2, the CEO was reportedly blunt and firm in his response.  "No, we will not continue with the sponsorship of Djokovic," Tavares confirmed. As well as losing sponsors, Djokovic is facing difficulty competing in tournaments while unvaccinated. He is set to miss the upcoming Masters 1000 events in Indian Wells and Miami as the United States requires visitors to be fully vaccinated. It is not known when he will next play, as the clay-court Monte Carlo Masters - the first big tournament after the 'Sunshine Double' - also appears off-limits to the Serb despite the fact he resides in Monaco. “He has to be in order. For the moment, as far as I know, he is not vaccinated. As soon as he is in good health with respect to government regulations, we will welcome him with open arms," tournament director Zeljko Franulovic said last month.