Manchester United want signals from Thomas Tuchel he’d be interested in the Old Trafford job before pursuing the Chelsea boss, according to reports. The German has emerged as a potential option to replace Ralf Rangnick amid the ongoing crisis at Stamford Bridge. However, there’s no guarantee he’ll take over. Manchester United have been eyeing Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag to replace Rangnick, who took the job on an interim basis back in December. But Tuchel has emerged as a possible candidate to take over, too. Chelsea have been rocked by the sanctions placed against owner Roman Abramovich, who has been targeted in the wake of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine due to his close relationship with Vladimir Putin. United eyed Tuchel during Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s time in charge, back when the German was managing Paris Saint-Germain. However, they were ultimately prevented from hiring him after Chelsea made a move instead following the sacking of Frank Lampard last year. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And, now, the Evening Standard say United fear a pursuit of Tuchel would be a waste of time. It’s claimed it would take a ‘clear signal’ from the German that he’d be interested in being added to their list of candidates to make them ‘change direction’. That suggests that United, for the time being, are focused on hiring either Ten Hag or Pochettino. But if Tuchel does indicate he’d take the job at Old Trafford, then the Red Devils may change tack. The Chelsea boss, for his part, is apparently settled in England. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message And he’s got a good relationship with Blues chiefs Marina Granovskaia and Petr Cech, which also works in their favour. Tuchel has been a roaring success at Chelsea since replacing Lampard 14 months ago. He guided the club to Champions League glory, with the west London giants beating Manchester City 1-0 in last year’s final with Kai Havertz scoring the winner. And they’ve also won the European Super Cup and Club World Cup since. Tuchel came close to steering Chelsea to FA Cup glory last year, too, before losing to Leicester in the final at Wembley. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And they lost to Liverpool recently in the Carabao Cup final on penalties, with Kepa Arrizabalaga spurning the crucial spot-kick. Sky Sports pundit Jamie Carragher, meanwhile, doubled down on his previous suggestion that United should move for Tuchel after Chelsea’s narrow 1-0 win over Newcastle on Sunday. “That is up to Manchester United I suppose, but the situation that Chelsea find themselves in, other top clubs will be looking at the manager and players going forward,” Carragher said. “He is one of the best managers in world football and Manchester United are looking for one. “I think he has come out and said he is fully committed to the club, but that situation could change with the new ownership as the season goes on.” Carragher had previously said: “I think it is realistic. “If you’re Man United, why would you not ask that question? They need a new manager, and Tuchel is one of the best managers in the world right now. “Plus the way he has handled himself over the last two weeks has elevated him as not just a manager but as a man as well. “He is the spokesman for Chelsea and he’s been getting asked difficult questions, and I think he’s come out really well out of these last few weeks. “He’s been a real leader for this football club.”