David Coulthard has warned Lewis Hamilton and George Russell have not “found the sweet spot” for their Mercedes car and could “struggle” to compete in today’s Bahrain Grand Prix. The former driver has predicted Mercedes are compromising their downforce levels which could be having an effect on their outright pace.  He believes the team were a “little bit at sea right now” but predicted they could soon get on top of their issues. Speaking to Channel 4, Coulthard said: “It means they haven't found the sweet spot in this early development phase of this new regulation of car. They suffer more from proposing, and as you try and control that it means maybe you need to compromise total downforce to stop the car having this effect of being sucked to the ground and bouncing. “They are a little bit at sea right now. But they are a quality team, there’s a lot of brainpower there. READ MORE: Christian Horner makes prediction about Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes “But quite clearly it's going to be a bit of a struggle here in Bahrain." Hamilton was only quick enough for fifth on the grid with team-mate Russell down in ninth. Mercedes could not keep up with the pacesetters as Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc stormed to pole with Max Verstappen in second. After qualifying, Hamilton warned the other teams were in “another league” to Mercedes. Russell said the team were doing “everything we can” to ensure they were back fighting at the front. He said: “I just had no grip, I went one second slower than I did in Q2 which, I was expecting to go a couple of tenths faster. That was a real shame. I'm glad I tried something different. It's easy in retrospect. We know we're not where we want to be. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton's reaction as Valtteri Bottas hunts down Toto Wolff [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen taunts Lewis Hamilton after securing second place [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton is concerned Mercedes will be 'embarrassed' in Bahrain [COMMENT] "Obviously P9 is much lower down than where the car is but we're doing everything we can to get the car right to the front and fighting the Ferraris and Red Bull. Not ideal, but race day is tomorrow." But, Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has refused to “write off” the Silver Arrows after just one poor showing, He said: “They are such a strong team they are going to come back, it's only a matter of when, not if. So it's important that we score points while we can, we get some in the bank. It's a long, long season and it would be very foolish to write them off.”