Death in Paradise viewers were left heartbroken when DS Florence Cassell (played by Josephine Jobert) left the island of Saint Marie. However, her replacement DS Naomi Thomas (Shantol Jackson) has already slotted into the team. Florence actress, Josephine, has shared her thoughts on Shantol.    Josephine and Shantol only overlapped for a handful of episodes in series 11 but worked together for long enough to build a connection. Chatting about her first impressions of Shantol, Josephine confessed: “I was very excited to discover who the new girl would be. “So I must admit, I Googled her, we all do this and I was so excited to meet her. “I thought she was absolutely beautiful,” the actress revealed. READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot?  Josephine made it clear she was keen to make Shantol feel welcome within the Death in Paradise cast. She explained: “I remember I sent Shanty a WhatsApp message, just to welcome her because I know how it feels like to be the new person on set in a show that's been running for so long, it's like a family already. "Shanty was so cute. She was a bit shy at first which was normal because she didn't know anybody. “I remember she was just reading her book in between takes, very shy, very lovely.    “And then… I discovered the real Shanty, who I love!” Josephine enthused. Praising the Death in Paradise newcomer, Josephine remarked: “The real Shanty is crazy. She's hilarious. “This girl is so funny, you have no idea. She's really talented, she's really into her work. “When she's on set, she's really serious and that's what I like about her. She's a superstar. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale twist as Rhona Goskirk’s left penniless after betrayal? [SPOILERS]Coleen Nolan addresses Loose Women feud rumours [MUST SEE]Emmerdale exit for Manpreet Sharma as she struggles with Meena guilt? [THEORY]  "She's a strong woman and she's younger than me, but she's a really mature person,” the actress told Hello! Josephine confessed she’s eager to see Shantol do well as the latest recruit to Death in Paradise. The actress revealed she felt proud of Shantol when she watched the episode where Naomi took over as the new detective. Season 11 of Death in Paradise came to an end last month, but the good news is fans can expect more drama at the end of the year.   The hit BBC series is set to return in December for a Christmas special featuring more adventures on the island of Saint Marie. Fans of the show can also look forward to season 12 which is expected to air next year. While an official release date has not yet been confirmed, new seasons of Death in Paradise usually air in January. Death in Paradise seasons 1 to 11 are available to stream on BBC iPlayer. 