Actor Benedict Cumberbatch paid tribute to his sister Tracy Peacock, who died of cancer in 2021, during an acceptance speech in the US. The Sherlock star received a coveted star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on Monday. Taking to the podium to give his heartfelt speech, the 45-year-old said: “I want to mention my sister who we lost last year. “She would have loved this. She was unbelievably loyal, supportive, and she would have loved the glitz and the oddness and the glamour. "She would have just been laughing non-stop all the way through, and probably crying.” He continued: “I hope somewhere up there, where the real stars shine, you’re looking down on this moment now. I’m sure you are. DON'T MISS: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him “We miss you so much. You remain such a good and wonderful person to have had in our lives,” he added. Artist Tracy was 62 years old when she died, having battled cancer for seven years in secret. She was the daughter of Benedict’s actress mother Wanda Ventham, from her first marriage to James Tabernacle. Benedict confirmed the sad news with a statement saying: “As the greatly awful Donald Rumsfeld said, ‘stuff happens’.  “It's horrible. She was nothing to do with this world. She was markedly different. "She was a brilliant fine artist but ended up doing a lot of restorative work on canvas and on frames and carpentry. “But still kept her hand in and did her own work and made the most Christmas and celebratory cards of any kind of festival. She was very gifted.” DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart (ADMISSION)Sean Penn shares heartbreak as he walks to Polish border amid invasion (UPDATE)Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update (VIDEO) During his acceptance speech for his star on the Walk of Fame, Benedict also took the opportunity to show his support for the people of Ukraine amid Russian’s invasion of the nation. “I can’t speak today at this amazing moment in my life, on this extraordinary platform, without acknowledging the obvious of what’s happening in Ukraine and to show my support for the people of Ukraine, my support for the people of Russia who are opposing the Kleptocracy and the idiocy of their rulers to try and halt the progression of this atrocity,” he said. The star called for more than just “thoughts and prayers”. Urging people not to “stand back” any more and instead to “act”, he continued: “You can support organisations. “You can support those who help refugees on the ground. “You can support human rights organisations. You can pressure your politicians, your bank, your industries to recognise anything that you can do to help. “It is possible, so I urge people to do that on this day.”