More than 13 million (13.6 million) Britons provide unpaid care to someone they know, saving the economy £132billion every year. However, many are struggling to make ends meet when it comes to the household finances although they could be receiving extra financial support from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Nearly half a million (400,000) Britons are missing out on Carer’s Allowance which could be costing them £3,515 a year. To qualify for this extra help from the DWP people need to be looking after someone for 35 hours or more a week. To claim Carer’s Allowance, Britons can't be earning more than £128 a week after tax and National Insurance. Caring responsibilities could include helping someone with tasks like washing, cooking or taking the patient to a doctor’s appointment. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payment: Britons could be due £75 - have you checked? The person they are caring for must also be claiming Personal Independence Payment (PIP), Attendance Allowance, Disability Living Allowance or Child Disability Payment. It’s important to let the person know as it could affect how much money they receive. Carers could also be eligible for Carer Premium which could top up certain benefits. Thousands more are missing out on Universal Credit and Pension Credit which can be claimed as well as long as people are earning under the threshold. DON'T MISS:Inflation to hit 40-yr high with incomes plummeting [WARNING]State pension payments to increase in April [UPDATE]Fury as over 60s to lose free prescriptions due to state pension rule [WARNING]   The Government website states: “When you claim Carer’s Allowance your other benefit payments may change, but your total benefit payments will usually either go up or stay the same. “Carer’s Allowance does not count towards the benefit cap. “If you get Working Tax Credit or Child Tax Credit, you must contact HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) to tell them about your Carer’s Allowance claim. “If you get Pension Credit, your payments will increase if you’re eligible for Carer’s Allowance.” Even if someone doesn’t qualify for Carer’s Allowance they might be able to get an additional Carer Premium if they already receive: What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Pensioners are also being reminded that they might qualify for Attendance Allowance if they have a serious physical or mental disability. Almost three and a half (3.4) million pensioners are missing out on Attendance Allowance which could help them meet extra costs that come from having a disability. Depending on the level of care required, claimants could receive £60 or £89.60 a week to help with their care. Attendance Allowance is not means-tested and can be paid regardless of a person's income, savings or National Insurance contribution record.