Whether you are trying to reduce visceral fat, or are losing weight on doctors' orders, weight loss can be a vital journey to make in order to protect one's health. Unfortunately, it can be easy to make mistakes along the way. While some of these might seem obvious, like picking up the wrong food, others can have unexpected results. Jillian Michaels is a personal trainer, businesswoman, author, television personality, and the creator of The Fitness App by Jillian Michaels, who has helped people around the world embrace a fitter and healthier life. However, she told Express.co.uk that even those with the best intentions can find themselves making crucial mistakes. Aside from eating the wrong food, Jillian says a failure to exercise, and a willingness to embrace "fad diets" is one of the "key mistakes" people make when trying to shed some pounds. She explained: "They don't exercise and try fad diets which are extremely ineffective and often result in yo-yo dieting. READ MORE: Tom Hanks health: Film star on diagnosis of common condition "This means they destroy their metabolism which can make them lose weight at first but eventually put it all back on and then some." Yo-yo dieting is often referred to as “weight cycling". This describes the pattern of losing weight, regaining it and then dieting again. Though it can seem to work wonders initially, with people losing vast amounts of weight very quickly, they can also end up going back that weight and a little extra once they stop drastically restricting food. DON'T MISSFDA warns of 'dangerous' supplement side effects [INSIGHT]High cholesterol: Two diets shown to lower levels by up to 30% [REPORT]Changing the temperature of your shower may 'help you lose weight' [COMMENT] According to Healthline: "Yo-yo dieting can increase your body fat percentage at the expense of muscle mass and strength, and can cause fatty liver, high blood pressure, diabetes and heart disease." The next biggest mistake people make, according to Jillian, is consuming "empty calories". These types of calories are often found in drinks, which contain no significant nutrients but are high in calories - especially alcohol. According to the NHS, to remain healthy, the recommended daily calorie intake is 2,000 calories a day for women and 2,500 for men. Those trying to lose weight will want to enter into a calorie deficit. Jillian said: "We want to do what is going to help us reduce body fat overall and that is eating fewer calories and moving more often." However, falling victim to a few glasses of wine or pints of beer can drastically slow your weight loss journey. This is why Jillian says if you are serious about slashing visceral or overall body fat, it is time to "cut the booze". She explained: "Cut down on your overall calorie intake first and foremost, then limit processed grains and refined sugar - white flour, white sugar, juice, soda and cut back in the alcohol. "These foods not only have empty calories, but they also release more insulin which can encourage your body to store more fat unless you are very active." Instead, Jillian recommends opting for "whole grains, fruits, vegetables, beans and legumes" in your diet, and switching "empty calorie" drinks for water. After this, it's time to ramp up your fitness. The celebrity trainer and health expert said: "Exercise is the best way to get the body sensitized to insulin and reverse type two diabetes. "If you have the ability, techniques like HIIT and strength training are the most effective for this. "The Fitness App has many programs for this including HIIT workouts for beginners so you can be effective and safe."