Estimates show 28 percent of carers are not claiming their entitled Carer’s Allowance and even fewer are claiming additional entitlements they are due. Carer’s Allowance is provided for unpaid carers who take on caring responsibilities without expecting payment from their patient. In doing so, they take a great deal of stress off the NHS and UK social care services, which is why they are provided with a range of benefits in return. Alongside the main benefits available to carers, namely Carer’s Allowance and Carer’s Credit, carers can apply for a range of other benefits due to their unpaid work, such as: READ MORE: Motorists face double whammy as new cars cost £5,000 more and petrol hits £2 a litre  It is estimated that one in eight adults in the UK work as unpaid carers, with one in seven juggling care responsibilities alongside traditional employment. Caring for someone that fits the eligibility criteria could see each of these carers earning an extra £67.60 every week, working out at £3,515.20 over the year. Yet, the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has estimated that 28 percent of carers who meet the requirements are not claiming their share of Carer’s Allowance. Additionally, Carer’s Allowance payments will be increasing next month to £69.70 per week, giving carers an additional £109.20 per year. To be eligible for the payments, one must be providing certain types of care such as helping with washing or cooking, taking the patient to doctor’s appointments and assisting with general household tasks like shopping. Eligible carers must also be over the age of 16, studying less than 21 hours per work or not in full-time education at all and be living normally in England, Scotland or Wales. Unpaid carers must be caring for someone with certain benefits for at least 35 hours per week. The person being cared for does not necessarily have to be a relative or be in the same residential area as the carer in order for them to apply. The person being cared for must be receiving one of the eligible benefits: However, if one cares for more than one person they will only be paid for one of their patients. Likewise, if a person is working with other carers on the same person then only one carer can claim the allowance. It is also worth noting that claiming Carer’s Allowance can affect the benefits and payments that the patient receives and the payments are subject to income tax if it is over the Personal Allowance amount. Unpaid carers receiving Carer’s Allowance will also benefit from automatic National Insurance credits. Department for Work and Pension benefits and payments such as the state pension will be increasing by 3.1 percent in April to help recipients keep up with inflation.