Daniela Hantuchova has called out Nick Kyrgios for failing to listen to all of her comments about Emma Raducanu after he lept to her defence. The retired former world No 5 claimed that players in the locker room were "losing respect" for the teenager after she suffered another early loss at the Miami Open. Raducanu suffered defeat in her Miami Open debut last week, facing doubles world No 1 Katerina Siniakova in her opening match after receiving a bye to the second round and losing from a set and a break up. It was yet another early loss for the world No 13, who has failed to make it beyond the third round in her five tournaments so far this year. The 19-year-old received criticism after going down to the world No 53, as former pro-turned-pundit Daniela Hantuchova claimed the US Open champion was "losing the respect" of her fellow players on the tour. "All the locker-room respect she had after the US Open is now kind of going away which is a shame," the six-time title winner said. After hearing the 38-year-old's comments, Kyrgios defended the surprise US Open champion while also touching on other comments younger players including Jenson Brooksby had received during the tournament, after the American was blasted for accidentally hitting a ball boy when he threw his racket in frustration. "What’s with old retired players giving their opinion on our stars now?" the 26-year-old tweeted on Sunday. JUST IN: Sinner admits he 'didn't understand' Kyrgios fury in Miami Open clash  "I love A-rod (Andy Roddick) and I agree we all need to chill with the rackets and all that, but geezus, I read an article about a past female player talking about Radacanu, no offence but she is a far far bigger name already." Many assumed the comments referred to Hantuchova after her comments relating to the respect Raducanu had in the locker room, and it seems the former world No 5 thought so too as she replied to the Aussie on Tuesday. "Nick please next time, when you make a comment try to at least listen to the entire interview," she wrote. "I know you are super busy but.. I have nothing but love and respect for Emma and because of that I believe she can achieve even bigger things, because of her class and talent. Just like you". When speaking to Raducanu's locker room aura, Hantuchova said everyone wanted to beat her as the reigning US Open champion but the task had become less monumental for her opponents following her string of losses. DON'T MISSUkrainian tennis pro gives heartbreaking update with 'nowhere to go'Kyrgios fumes at Miami Open courts and umpire during Sinner clashNadal gives French Open boost as Spaniard seen training amid injury  "That was a tough one for Emma. I think it is going to hurt big time because of the chances she had. She was the better player for most of it. But the thing is now with Emma, everyone wants to beat her. Everyone is trying to figure out how to play against her," the Amazon Prime Video pundit had said at the time. "All the locker-room respect she had after the US Open is now kind of going away which is a shame. It is going to be important now for Emma to regroup, rethink what she has to change and get out there on the practice court. At that age, you want to be fit, you want to show everyone that you are out there, no matter how long it takes. It was humid and it wasn’t easy out there. But this is where you have to be tough if you want to win matches like this, if you want to win tournaments like this. And I believe Emma has the level, she just has to find a way to get it out of her."  