Conservative MP Paul Scully defended Mr Johnson and his successors at the Foreign Office for their efforts to bring Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe home. Mr Johnson denied the imprisonment of Ms Zaghari-Ratcliffe being anything to do with an unpaid debt for military equipment. Ms Zaghair Ratcliffe was arrested in 2016 at the airport after a family visit with her then one-year-old daughter.   Sky News presenter Niall Paterson said: "December 2017 when one Boris Johnson was Foreign Secretary and was trying to secure Nazanin's release. "You know, the line from Downing Street at that point was, there was absolutely no link between the debt and Nazanin's incarceration. "In fact, it was only in May 2019 the Sunday Times went to court to get documents published that showed that this debt was at the heart of it. "So again, we also learned that year that two Defence Secretary's so Michael Fallon and Gavin Williamson, remember him? Had also said no to a Foreign Office request for the money to be paid out of the defence budget. JUST IN: Putin would ‘never’ use ‘suicidal’ nuclear weapons: ‘No survival for anyone’    The SKy News host added: "There were opportunities over the six years for this money to be paid, and the Government chose not to do so. "So doesn't Nazanin have a point?" The Business Minister said: "I think that as I say, the debts were... The debt and her release were run in parallel. Mr Paterson said: "So it's just a coincidence that both took place on the same da?" Mr Scully said: "Well there's a complex set of approaches with the international community. READ MORE: Kate dazzles in 'fantastic' new pictures as Duchess takes 'spectacular' trip with William     "When you've got the US with sanctions against Iran when you've got us with sanctioned against Iran, it's very very difficult to have those any closer together for fear of what might otherwise happen in a similar situation given kidnaps, given ransoms in other parts of the world. Ms Zaghari-Ratcliffe added: “I always felt like I’m holding this black hole in my heart all these years but I’m just going to leave that black hole in my heart on the plane when the plane left. “I’m not going to live the rest of my life with a grudge.” Ms Zaghari-Ratcliffe said “it has been cruel what happened to me” but said she was only just home, adding: “I think it’s a bit early to hold that grudge. “But it should have happened six years ago. It took a very, very long time for the politicians to sort it out.” 