The stealth variant now represents nearly 86 percent of all sequenced cases. While the original Omicron was classed as the most transmissible variant yet, the subvariant is beating its predecessor’s transmissibility rate. Government data recorded another 215,001 positive Covid tests from Saturday to Monday. Although this represented a five percent drop compared to last week, the UK has been seeing a climb in cases after the Covid restrictions were eased. As vaccines are thought to be less effective against the Omicron family, the UK Health Security Agency data explains protection can be restored by a booster shot. Fortunately, Omicron BA.2 is considered “no more likely” to cause severe illness compared to other Omicron strains, according to Reuters. READ MORE: Pfizer vaccine: Musculoskeletal tissue and nervous system disorders reported in document Ever since the start of the pandemic, any sign of illness makes the mind wonder about whether it’s the dreaded C word. And symptoms have become even more difficult to navigate since the Omicron variant emerged. The new strain redefined the list of possible symptoms that could be triggered by the infection. While you still might experience the original fever, cough and loss or change to taste and smell, other signs may also crop up.  When it comes to the stealth variant, experts have shared that the symptoms seem to be the same as with its predecessor. Two early signs could include dizziness and fatigue. First reported by the German newspaper Arztezeitung, dizziness caused by Omicron could potentially lead to fainting. Fainting spells were discovered by doctors in Germany, who noticed that Covid was leading to recurrent fainting in a 35-year-old hospital patient. Described as fatigue, the other sign isn’t just about feeling tired. Feeling fatigued can be overwhelming and can’t be relieved by sleep, according to the NHS. This symptom in connection with Omicron was first identified by Dr Angelique Coetzee, the doctor who raised the alarm regarding Omicron in South Africa. She also reported headaches and muscle aches as symptoms she noticed in her patients. Based on the reports from doctors treating the Covid variant and patients suffering from it, this is the list of Omicron symptoms: If you suffer from symptoms like these and test positive, you are no longer required to self-isolate by law, according to the Government advice. However, the NHS still advises you to stay at home and avoid contact with others.