David Bowie's son Duncan Jones has taken to Twitter to blast Russia Today for using his dad's lyrics to Space Oddity in a tweet about Russia-US space cooperation. The film producer, 50, was quick to fire back with poignant lyrics to his father's hit Heroes, while airing his support for Ukraine as Russia continues its invasion of the country. Duncan's tweet comes as a Russia-affiliated newsite posted a link to a story about NASA's response to the US and Russia's space cooperation amid the Ukraine-Russia conflict. Russia Today captioned the post: "Ground control to major Tom." The words derive from David Bowie's 1969 hit song, Space Oddity. However after spotting the post, Duncan was quick to fire back in front of his 370,000 followers. READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award Retweeting the post, he wrote: "Wrong song," followed by a Ukrainian flag emoji with a heart on either side. He also shared a snap of lyrics from another one of his father's classics, 1977 song, Heroes. The lyrics Duncan tweeted were: "I, I can remember (I remember). "Standing, by the wall (by the wall). "And the guns, shot above our heads (over our heads) "And we kissed, as though nothing could fall (nothing could fall). "And the shame, was on the other side. "Oh we can beat them, for ever and ever. Then we could be Heroes, just for one day." DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan bids farewell after 'ruffling feathers' in new project [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics [UPDATE]Eamonn Holmes shares 'painful and exhausting' health insight [ANALYSIS] Following his post, the screenwriter's followers took to the comments to weigh in on his response. Sanjeev Bhaskar wrote: "Well if that isn’t a perfect comeback… !" Twitter user Suzannah B penned: "Love to you and your family Duncan, and love to the beautiful people of Ukraine. "Your dad would be bloody proud of you x." While Lin Carr added: "Duncan Jones, genius just like your dad." The star's response comes as regulator Ofcom began 15 investigations into the "due impartiality" of RT yesterday. The channel is already banned in the EU. It increases the likelihood of RT losing its UK license, however Foreign Secretary Liz Truss revealed that the move would likely see the BBC being banned in Russia.