Lewis Hamilton did all he could to get one over his arch rival Max Verstappen last season at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. The Mercedes and Red Bull stars battled it out in an epic title showdown in 2021, with the Dutchman coming out on top at the death in the final race of the season in Abu Dhabi.  Both divers traded blows throughout the campaign and their intense title battle went right down to the wire. And as they desperately looked to land glory in 2021, the pair did all they could to get one over each other - with one example standing out during the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. During the weekend in Azerbaijan last June, Hamilton took a long inspection of Verstappen's Red Bull before heading back over to the Mercedes garage to deliver feedback to his team while pointing to his own car. This was documented in the new series of Netflix’s Drive to Survive out today, which gives fans a behind-the-scenes look at the drivers and races during the season. "They have got like three or four of these here on the side," Hamilton could be heard saying in one of the episodes. “There's a big vane right here. Then right at the back here, they have all these bits sealed." JUST IN: Toto Wolff's question to Martin Brundle raises concerns over Lewis Hamilton's car   Mercedes boss Toto Wolff asks: "They've sealed them?", before Hamilton replies: "They've got aluminium pieces, so they've definitely added. Oy oy, it gives me nightmares Baku. It f****d me up." The Austrian replies: "Just reduce our mistakes and we're five points ahead." A nervous Hamilton repeated: "F*****g hell.", before his boss reassured him by saying: "Don't worry." In a chaotic race, both Hamilton and Verstappen experienced problems during the 51-lap event. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton and Mercedes have obvious blueprint to help fend off protests on W13 designLewis Hamilton net worth: How much is Lewis Hamilton worth?Mercedes star George Russell rubbishes claim about 'fighter' Lewis Hamilton  Verstappen retired due to a high-speed tyre blowout, while Hamilton made a severe error at the resulting restart and finished down in 15th as a result. After the race the seven-time champion explained how his restart had gone so wrong. "Just on the restart, I think when Checo [Perez] moved over towards me, I clicked a switch and it basically switched the brakes off, and I just went straight," he said. "I had no idea that I’d even touched it." "So very hard to take, but mostly just really sorry to the men and women in the team who have worked so hard for these points, but we will regroup and come back stronger I’m sure.  "Obviously it’s quite a humbling experience to be honest. We’d worked so hard this weekend to come back out of the top 10 and it was looking so good. I put everything on the line and I fought as hard as I could today." The Brit also commented on rival Verstappen who also failed to score points back in June last year. "Very unfortunate for Max obviously," Hamilton answered. "All I would say today is it was a good stroke of bad luck. It is what it is, we’ll try and regroup and come back stronger in the next race."