While petrol and diesel prices remain at near-record levels, experts are calling on motorists to make the switch to electric vehicles, but say the Government should take action to help. Many have suggested that VAT rates could be cut on public EV chargers to help accelerate the growth of electric cars in the UK.  The Government recently pledged to increase investment into electric vehicle charging infrastructure by tenfold, aiming to reach 300,000 public electric vehicle charging stations by 2030. Ginny Buckley, Founder and CEO of Electrifying.com, said the details announced in the Government's EV infrastructure plan was “welcome news”. She added: “It's reassuring to see plans being put in place to provide 10 times as many public chargers by 2030 across the UK - without levelling up we risk creating a two-tier nation that leaves many people behind. “For example, there are currently more charging points in Westminster than  in the Liverpool City Region and Greater Manchester combined. READ MORE: ‘Privileged’ couple get swift justice for parking pedestrian crossing  “But it’s absolutely key that the promised ‘legal requirements’ to ensure operators meet reliability standards have teeth. “Some providers are currently doing a woeful job on this front and, as Transport Minister Trudy Harrison told me earlier this week, chargers that don’t work are as useless as a chocolate fireguard.” The May 2021 guidance from the HMRC said that supplies of EV charging through charging points in public places should be charged at the standard 20 percent rate of VAT. Ginny Buckley continued, saying: “At the same time, it's unfair that those without a private driveway pay more to run their car. DON'T MISSNew car tax proposals would save drivers money on fuel costs [INSIGHT]'Now we know truth' Fury as fuel retailers fail to pass on 5p duty cut [SHOCKING]Phasing out petrol and diesel is 'best approach' for net zero goals [WARNING]  “Home charging can cost as little as 2p a mile, but charging on the public network can cost many multiples of that. “It makes sense that with the price of fuel going up at the pump, we should be encouraging more people to buy electric, which is why we're calling for the 20 percent VAT that is currently imposed on public chargers to be cut to five percent. “This will bring it in line with the tax paid by drivers who can charge at home.” Current RAC Fuel Watch data shows that unleaded, super unleaded and diesel are all falling and should continue to do so, although many are still advocating for the uptake of EVs.  Petrol currently stands at 163.3p per litre, while diesel remains far more expensive at 177.11p per litre. The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT) also echoed these calls, saying that VAT on electricity used for public charging points should be cut to match that for home use. It said this would ensure that all EV owners are treated equally, regardless of where they charge their vehicle. Speaking before the Spring Statement, Mike Hawes, SMMT Chief Executive, said: “Government must … enable this transition, continuing support for home and workplace charging, boosting public chargepoint rollout to tackle charging anxiety and, given the massive increase in energy prices, reducing VAT on public charging points.  “This will energise both consumer and business confidence and accelerate our switch to zero emission mobility.” This comes as a number of businesses are planning to support the uptake of EVs through the use of free public charging. Tesco’s growing network of free EV charge points has now expanded to 500 locations, while usage has surged 300 percent over the last year. Free charging sessions on the network, which only uses renewable energy, increased from 500,000 in April 2021 to more than two million by the end of February.