With the Royal Family known for its stuffy protocols and an extensive list of royal titles, it's hardly surprising that royals might have some quirky nicknames for their fellow family members when out of the spotlight. From the Queen to Princess Charlotte, it seems royals across every generation of the Royal Family are known by interesting sobriquets. Here are some of the most unusual, yet unconfirmed, royal nicknames that have been reported over the years.  The public has many nicknames for the Queen including 'Liz', 'Lizzie' and 'Her Maj', but it also appears the Royal Family has its own nicknames for the head of state. The Queen was famously known as 'Lilibet' by her parents, sister Princess Margaret and her late husband, Prince Philip, and the name was given by Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to their daughter Lili. And when Prince William was little, he reportedly struggled with the world 'Granny', so instead called the Queen 'Gary'.  READ MORE: Prince Harry receives good news about Duke's 'second dad' Richard Kay wrote in the Daily Mail back in 2015: "On another occasion, the Queen was on hand after William fell over at Buckingham Palace, bawling: ‘Gary, Gary’. A guest who went to help asked who Gary was, assuming it must be a member of the royal household. "‘I’m Gary,’ explained the Queen, as she scooped him up. ‘He hasn’t learned to say Granny yet.’" In a documentary marking the Queen's 90th birthday in 2016, the Duchess of Cambridge revealed that Prince George calls the Queen 'Gan-Gan'. And the Queen's late husband, Prince Philip, was thought to call the Queen by another affectionate pet name - 'Cabbage'.   Prince William was affectionately known as 'Wombat' to his late mother, Princess Diana, and he told NBC's Matt Lauer in 2007: "It began when I was two. I've been rightfully told because I can't remember back that far. "But when we went to Australia with our parents, and the wombat, you know, that's the local animal. "So I just basically got called that. Not because I look like a wombat, or maybe I do." William is also thought to be known affectionately to his wife as 'Baldy', according to the Sun Online, with the nickname starting as a retort to William's complaints about Kate's "endless mane of hair".  DON'T MISS:Princess Diana ‘broke royal tradition’ with choice of engagement ring [INSIGHT]Kate and William spark royal frenzy as they honour 'dedicated' Queen [PICTURES]Sarah Ferguson follows Meghan’s footsteps with speech on strong women [ANALYSIS] Over the years, Meghan has been known to refer to her husband Prince Harry as 'H' or 'Haz', and it seems Meghan is affectionately known as 'Meg' by her husband and friends. Meghan also previously revealed that her mother Doria Ragland has always called her by the super sweet nickname of 'Flower'. Meghan has also been heard calling her son Archie by the nickname 'Arch' in a video for Save The Children's #SaveWithStories campaign.  Reports have indicated Kate, Duchess of Cambridge refers to her only daughter as 'Lottie', while Prince William is thought to call his daughter 'Mignonette', which means "small and delicate" in French. William was thought to have uttered the phrase during a 2019 video that showed the Cambridges exploring Kate's Back To Nature garden at the Chelsea Flower Show. Prince George has also reportedly earned himself the nickname 'PG' after his initials, or 'PG Tips' like the popular British tea brand. 