As a result, it may also be an opportunity to help lower cholesterol, specifically a type known as low-density lipoprotein or LDL cholesterol. This type of cholesterol forms as a plaque in the arteries and thickens them, increasing blood pressure and the risk of heart disease. It contrasts with high-density lipoprotein, or HDL cholesterol, that improves heart health. There are certain foods that a person must avoid if they are to reduce their levels of bad cholesterol. READ MORE: Visceral fat: The fruit you can shown to reduce belly fat Examples of foods that can be avoided for the sake of lent and overall health are numerous. Meat pies, sausages, fatty meat, butter, lard, ghee, cream, hard cheese, cakes, biscuits and food that contains coconut or palm oil are all on the NHS's list of foods to "try to eat less" of if lowering cholesterol is the aim. It’s not all about avoidance, cholesterol can be lowered by introducing healthier habits. Replacing fatty meat with oily fish like salmon can help lower cholesterol.  So too can eating brown rice, some breads, pasta. Should biscuits have previously been one’s weapon of snack based choice then nuts and seeds can act as a moreish replacement in the armoury of dietary gap fillers. Furthermore, an overall increase in the levels of fruit and vegetables can be beneficial too. The key, as has been recommended by dieticians and doctors, is that a balanced diet is key for overall health.  As well as improving what is consumed, it is also important to know what to do with that fresh fuel once it has been ingested. Exercise is a useful tool in this regard. Improving fitness through cycling, running, swimming, running, or through gym based physical exertion lowers blood pressure, cuts fat, and improves mental health. When a person exercises their body releases a flood of endorphins that improve the mood even as the brow is mopped with sweat. Should an individual wish to share this experience with another, there are hundreds of running, cycling, and swimming clubs dotted around the UK. These are particularly beneficial if an individual lives or spends a lot of time alone as it enables them to feel part of a community. As winter begins to roll into spring and in turn into summer those experiences will become more pleasurable as the mercury rises. For more information on ways to lower cholesterol contact the NHS or consult with your GP.