Burnley have been denied the chance to sign Victor Moses until the end of the season from Spartak Moscow by the Premier League following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, according to reports. The Nigerian international, who won the 2016/17 Premier League title under Antonio Conte at Chelsea, had been identified by the Clarets as a short-term solution in their battle to beat the drop.  FIFA have already approved mid-season transfers for players currently playing in both Russia and Ukraine due to Vladimir Putin merciless advances. While the Russian Premier League has continued, many foreign players and their families have fled the country due to safety concerns. That includes the entirety of Krasnodar's foreign contingent after ex-Norwich boss Daniel Farke quit the club just weeks after signing his contract. Sheffield United were the first British club to capitalise on the unique opening, signing Rubin Kazan captain Filip Uremovic until the end of the campaign. READ MORE: Archaf Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Lionel Messi and Neymar 'don't speak to him' The Daily Mail now claim the Premier League have shut down Burnley's attempt to land Moses from Spartak Moscow due to concerns over preserving the integrity of the competition. The Clarets have already been informed of the decision as Sean Dyche looked to add some extra experience and quality to his squad. Moses has plenty of experience in England having played for Crystal Palace, Wigan Athletic, Chelsea, Liverpool, Stoke and West Ham. After a successful loan spell in Russia, Moses made his stint with Spartak permanent last summer. DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt His winning mentality and Premier League pedigree would have made him an intelligent acquisition for the final two months of the season. Burnley were left shortchanged in the January transfer window despite bringing Wout Weghorst through the door after their deal for Dinamo Zagreb winger Mislav Orsic collapsed. Moses is also versatile having played in a number of positions throughout his playing career. He started out as a winger before moving into a wing-back role under Conte when his career was revived in unlikely fashion at Stamford Bridge. The Premier League, Serie A and Bundesliga are refusing to allow transfers outside of the window due to concerns over the integrity of the competition. La Liga, however, have adopted a different approach and will allow deals to go through. Moses is now in limbo and would favour a return to Western Europe until the tensions in Ukraine have cooled. His current contract with Spartak is not due to expire until the summer of 2024.