Painting your fence is one of the easiest ways to refresh your garden ahead of spring, but it could land you in legal trouble. Understanding who owns which side of the fence is crucial before making any changes, though there is some dispute about the right way to approach a simple decorating task. Should you ask permission before adding a lick of paint to your garden fence? These are your rights explained. Property and boundary rights aren’t something you think about on a daily basis, but it pays to know which side of the fence is yours. Whether there’s a dispute over damage, installation or a simple paint job, knowing your rights could save you both time and money. Understanding what you can and can’t do to your property is the first step to prevent unnecessary neighbourly disputes, but where will you find the information? The title plans and deeds to your house are the most likely documents which will establish ownership, and these are the key points you should know. READ MORE:Amanda Owen: Inside Our Yorkshire Farm star’s home   If you’re looking to paint an existing fence, you should first establish which side of the fencing you are responsible for.You will find this information in the title plans for your property. If the plans mark a ‘T’ mark on just one side of the boundary, it indicates that you are responsible for that side of the fence. When the ‘T’ appears on both sides, responsibility for the fencing should be shared between neighbours. According to gardening supplies firm Lawsons, only the owner of the fence may make changes to it, even when the other side of the fence is on neighbouring property. This means that if you want to paint or stain your side of what is officially your neighbour’s fence, you could be treading thin ground if you don’t consult the owner first. Citizens Advice said: “You can’t make changes to your side without their permission, such as painting it.” However good your intentions, you could find yourself being accused of criminal damage if your neighbour does not agree to the changes first. DONT MISS:How to get rid of pests on your houseplants - the five steps [INSIGHT]Gardening: How to use orange peels to make your garden ‘thrive’ [REVEAL]'Abundant harvest': Companion flowers for vegetables to deter pests [ANALYSIS] What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea If you are the sole owner of the fence and this is made clear in the title plans, you are safe to go ahead with your decorating plans. The same applies if you install a new fence in your garden. Lawsons said: “If you erect a fence in your garden, your neighbour must ask for permission before painting or staining their side of it. “Similarly, they may not grow trailing plants up it or any similar activity which may cause it damage.” However, if the fence is listed as shared, this can be a grey area. While you technically have free rein over your side of a shared fence, Citizens Advice recommends consulting your neighbour first to avoid any unwanted legal disputes. Lawsons said: “Keep them informed, tell them of your plans and let them know that they can feel free to stain their side if they choose to. “This is always the fairest thing to do because then they may have a say in the overall look of their garden.”