Yellowstone 1883 has been airing on Paramount Plus and the series explains how the notorious ranch came to pass. Elsa Dutton (played by Isabel May) had been narrating the Western drama right up until her tragic death. The TV show's creator has revealed whether there will be a second instalment of 1883. Yellowstone fans have been keen to find out whether the Dutton family's journey to Montana will continue in a second season of the prequel series. Paramount Plus teased the next chapter of the series will debut later in 2022. However, it was not clear whether this was referring to season one episodes or a season two renewal. At the same time, the streamer announced another prequel titled 1932 was in the works. The new series will follow another generation of the Dutton family, during the time of western expansion, Prohibition and the Great Depression. READ MORE: Y 1883's Thomas star pens heartfelt tribute and drops season 2 update Taylor Sheridan has since confirmed there will not be a second season of 1883. Sheridan told Deadline: "I created this peek through time to show you this one specific journey. "I’m not someone who likes to tie everything up in a bow and explain how everyone lived happily ever after or didn’t. "I’d rather you imagine it, and wonder what Thomas (LaMonica Garrett) and Noemi (Gratiela Brancusi) made of their lives." He confirmed he was now moving on to the next "peek through the window", which is 1932. He added: "I also wanted to create something you could watch and be completely enthralled and fulfilled, having never seen Yellowstone. Let it live on its own merits." While some viewers have considered 1883 and 1932 to be spin-offs to the Kevin Costner series, Sheridan disagreed. He felt they were instead complete stories that had common roots and could be seen as standalone shows. The 1883 executive producer David C Glasser confirmed Sheridan's shows can be considered individual. He said: "Taylor Sheridan has put roots down for the Dutton Family tree that stand strong and tall, with many branches that continue to engage record-breaking audiences." DON'T MISS... Why did Isabel May leave Yellowstone 1883 as Elsa Dutton? [INSIGHT] Yellowstone 1883 family tree: Who are James and Elsa Dutton to John? [EXPLAINER] Yellowstone: 1883's Sam Elliott’s furious rant at Oscar nominee [DISCUSSION] Sheridan is also working on a Yellowstone spin-off titled 6666, based on the Four Sixes ranch. The star recently opened up about the latest episode of 1883 that saw Elsa Dutton die. She entered her own version of heaven, where she was reunited with love interest Sam (Martin Sensmeier). He said: "Let it live on its own merits. "Yes for those fans of Yellowstone, there are some real Easter eggs and understanding you can take away from that, that informs the way you watch Yellowstone. "I like that model. For me, as a storyteller it feels close ended." Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the harrowing episode. Hysterical Female said: "#1883TV I am broken. That was a nice finale to the series. "No one talk to me. I’m racing through the plains with Sam and Elsa if anyone needs me. #1883finale." Whiskey said: "Is it too early for #1883TV spoiler talk? Let's discuss the finale, flawless and emotionally exhausting. "But don't we think that Ennis should have been the one in Elsa's heaven? Would have been a sweeter moment if he was seen there, waiting for her. #1883finale."  Yellowstone 1932 is in the making for Paramount Plus