Prince Harry and Meghan were said to have been approached at the end of last year to take the stage at the awards ceremony. However, it is not yet known whether they have agreed to attend the event. The Oscars will be held at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles on Sunday, March 27.  This is just two days before the memorial service in London for Prince Philip. Referring to the complication surrounding Prince Harry and the memorial service in London, a source speaking to The Sun newspaper said: "It would be seen as a final kick in the teeth for the royal family if he did. "He’s too nervous to fly to London without police protection. "But happy to stand up in front of a huge live audience at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood. READ MORE: Prince Harry memoir: Duke 'fed up' William 'always has it better'  "Not great optics." Prince Harry confirmed he won’t be attending a memorial service for the Duke of Edinburgh at Westminster Abbey on March 29. However, it has been reported he will be attending the Invictus Games at The Hague in the Netherlands next month. Former royal chef Darren McGrady, who cooked for Princess Diana, said: "His grandfather would have given him a clip around the ear and told him to grow up. "The Queen will be devastated, and Princess Diana would, too, if she were here." DON'T MISS: Queen ‘came close to breakdown’ after plot against Prince Charles [INSIGHT] Queen powerless to strip Meghan and Harry of Sussex titles [ANALYSIS] Royal expert details Queen's 'secrets' to staying positive [REVEAL]  The news comes at a time when Prince Harry is taking the UK Government to court over its decision not to provide full police protection when he visits Britain. His lawyers said he does "not feel safe" without police protection. Daily Mail royal editor Rebecca English said: "Within a couple of minutes of announcing that he would not be attending the Duke of Edinburgh’s service of thanksgiving, Harry’s team also announced that he would be attending the Invictus Games in the Hague in April, just a few weeks later. "This has obviously surprised a lot of people… to travel to Europe to go to that, but not to his grandfather’s memorial service has, to use a well-worn phrase, got people’s goat. "They feel it is a slap in the face to the Queen and, again, another PR disaster as far as many people in the UK are concerned." 