Mr Markle's eldest daughter Samantha Markle, the Duchess of Sussex half-sister is reportedly taking her to court. Samantha's tell-all book makes many claims, one being that the Duchess of Sussex lied during her controversial interview with Oprah Winfrey last year. Mr Markle said he would be happy to go to court as he has wanted to see them in person for years in the first episode of Remarkable Friendship, a YouTube channel he shares with friend Karl Larsen in Rosarito, Mexico. Asked by Mr Larsen if he would give a deposition, Mr Markle said: "I would be more than happy to, I have been trying for almost four years to get to see my daughter. "My daughter and her ginger husband, in a courtroom face to face. "I haven't seen them face to face and I haven't seen my grandchildren. "So no I'd be thrilled to come to court and talk and defend my oldest daughter." JUST IN: Putin braces for coup as 'disgruntled' top Russian generals turn on Kremlin chief     During last year's highly anticipated Oprah interview, which saw the Duke and Duchess of Sussex sit down and speak about their move to the States and them distancing themselves from the Royal family and were also asked about the tell-all book by Samantha Markle. The Duchess responded: "I think it would be very hard to tell all when you don't know me. "This is a very different situation than my dad, when I talked about betrayal, betrayal comes from someone you have a relationship with. "I don't feel comfortable speaking about people I really don't know but I grew up as an only child, which everyone who grew up around me knows, and I wished I had siblings, I would have loved to have siblings, that's why I am so excited to be pregnant so Archie will have someone. 'It was really interesting... the last time I saw her must have been at least 18, 19 years ago and before that, 10 years before that."  READ MORE: Prince Harry was 'fighting back tears' after Commonwealth Day snub claim     Ms Winfrey asked Meghan: "So you weren't close, you didn't grow up together... she doesn't really know you?" It comes as the Duke of Sussex is to miss his grandfather the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service, it has been confirmed. Harry will not return to the UK from the US to join the royal family at the high-profile occasion in Westminster Abbey on March 29, a spokesperson for the duke confirmed. He hopes to visit his grandmother the Queen soon, the spokesperson added. The Queen, 95, who contracted Covid just over two weeks ago, has just pulled out of attending the Commonwealth Day service at the abbey on Monday.  