Spin-off series Star Trek Picard was welcomed back to the small screen almost two decades after the last film Star Trek: Nemesis was released. Sci-fi fans were thrilled with the franchise's return in 2020, discovering what happened to the retired admiral Jean-Luc Picard (played by Patrick Stewart) 18 years later. There isn't too much longer to wait now though for the second season to start airing. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Star Trek Picard.Star Trek Picard was renewed in January 2020, just a matter of weeks after series one made its debut. This won't be the end of the journey just yet as series three has already been confirmed as well. Production is well underway and expected to be wrapped up by the end of the year and released in 2023. Sadly, this is going to be the final series, meaning Star Trek Picard will have just a three-season arc. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series But for now, there is the matter of season two of the sci-fi drama to focus on. When series one originally aired, American fans were able to watch it on streaming service CBS All Access. Meanwhile, UK viewers could access the show via Amazon Prime Video. However, this time around, there is a network shake-up of sorts as CBS All Access no longer exists in the same way. Since series one premiered in January 2021, the streaming service has been given a makeover.  ViacomCBS decided to rebrand CBS All Access, launching the all-new Paramount+ in its place. Along with the name change, the streaming service in February 2021, the streamer is an extension of its predecessor with more content and features. This includes more than 30,000 more episodes and movies from Comedy Central, CBS, MTV, Nickelodeon and Paramount Pictures. It has also welcomed plenty of other original shows to its extensive library including SEAL Team, Y: 1883, Mayor of Kingstown, The Twilight Zone and fellow sci-fi series Star Trek: Discovery. DON'T MISS...Danny Sebastian partner: Who is Bargain Hunt's Danny Sebastian with? [RELATIONSHIP]Why did Harry Treadaway leave Star Trek Picard as Narek? [EXPLAINER]Sally Kellerman dead: MASH and Star Trek actress dies at 84 [CAST] So while fans would have been used to watching Star Trek Picard on CBS All Access last time, there is no need to worry. Subscribers' apps were automatically changed to Paramount+ when the rebranding took place last year. The streaming service isn't available outside of the USA yet so UK fans can still watch the series via Amazon Prime Video. The wait is almost over with the new series getting ready to premiere. Episode one of Star Trek Picard's second series is going to be out on Thursday, March 3, in the USA and March 4, in the UK. Fans are not going to be able to binge-watch the season though in one go, unlike other shows. Instead, they will have to wait each week for a new instalment of the 10-episode season to come out, reaching its conclusion in May 2022. Star Trek Picard season 2 premieres on Thursday, March 3, on Paramount+ in America and Friday, March 4, on Amazon Prime Video in the UK.