A strike by baggage maintenance engineers at Heathrow could disrupt British tourists’ holidays. The strike action is planned for the start of April. Baggage maintenance engineers voted for three days of industrial action between April 8-10. The action is planned due to a dispute over pay for the baggage workers at Heathrow airport. All airlines operating out of Heathrow would be affected by the strike action, including British Airways, Air France and KLM. According to Unite union, which represents the workers, more than 160 staff voted for industrial strike action. READ MORE: Spain: Weather warning issued for tourist destinations The engineers are employed by Vanderlande Industries and were told their pay would be frozen. Sharon Graham, the union’s general secretary, said the company was “cashing in” on the travel sector’s recovery. Unite said Vanderlande Industries had reported a growth in revenue in 2021 and was “refusing a decent pay rise even as the cost of living soars”. Vanderlande Industries have claimed the pay freeze is necessary and said Heathrow was responsible for the cost of increasing wages. Graham added: “Employers across the sector are on notice that our members are ready to fight back against the sustained and opportunistic attacks against jobs, pay and conditions that have blighted this industry for far too long.” Unite has asked Vanderlande Industries and Heathrow Airport to end the strike by tabling an offer members can accept. A Heathrow spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “We are aware of planned industrial action from Vanderlande Industries colleagues who operate at Heathrow. “While we are not involved in the pay discussions, we will of course remain in close contact with Vanderlande Industries and other airport partners when it comes to our operations, including helping them to mitigate any passenger impact should the planned industrial action go ahead.” If the strike action goes ahead, it could impact British tourists heading off on a holiday for the Easter break. Many British schools break up for the break on April 4 and families with planned holidays could face disruption. If the strike goes ahead, it might not be the only issue British holidaymakers will face at airports. Manchester airport customers have dealt with huge queues this month as the airport deals with staff shortages. Shortages with security staff have caused issues and the airport said that staff sickness had exacerbated the problem. Although it has said it is recruiting more staff, the process can take a while as employees must undergo extensive checks. Passengers at Dublin Airport have also faced chaos with lengthy queues at check in and security. Tourists travelling to Spain and Portugal could also face delays as a new French air system causes flights to be diverted through German airspace. An aviation expert said the diversions are likely to cause “annoying delays” for British customers. Vanderlande Industries has been contacted for comment. 