The senior Cabinet member blamed EU stubbornness for a failure to break the deadlock in talks over the implementation of the Northern Ireland Protocol. Giving evidence to a committee of MPs this afternoon, he said the approach taken by the continent had led to talks dragging on far longer than the UK had anticipated. Unionists argue Brussels' heavy-handed implementation of the Protocol, agreed upon between the UK and EU as part of the 2019 withdrawal agreement is having a negative impact on the UK's internal market. Both sides agreed to talks to resolve issues caused by the international treaty last October, with "intense" negotiations set to last no longer than three weeks. However, more than six months later there is still no sign of a deal. Mr Lewis told the Northern Ireland select committee: "I have to say, my experience over the last six or nine months, I have not seen the sort of flexibility from the EU that I was expecting to see. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG  "I've not seen the flexibility and pragmatism that would allow us to agree a deal - otherwise we would have agreed one by now. "And certainly not the flexibility and pragmatism that would allow us to remove some of the challenges that are there that are causing so many problems for businesses in Northern Ireland." Blaming the leaders of EU member states for the lack of progress, he suggested Brussels' negotiator on the Protocol was being blocked from doing a deal. He said European Commission vice president Maros Sefcovic, who is leading talks, appeared "pragmatic" but was constrained by the strict red lines set by the bloc. The minister added: "I think that vice president Sefcovic is that he is someone who is pragmatic. "I think he would like to find a way through this, but he is trying to work within a mandate. DON'T MISS:David Davis tells Johnson to 'trigger Article 16' in NI [REACTION]Ireland ordered to keep ‘covetous nose’ out of UK [UPDATE]Brexit boom: ‘Notable success’ laid bare after route out of lockdown [INSIGHT]  "I think there is a real issue that, from his point of view, the mandate does not give him the flexibility to find a way through this." The Protocol places customs checks on goods crossing the Irish Sea from Britain to Northern Ireland. Unionists warn excessive paperwork and red tape is deterring firms from doing business in the province. "This is not just about politics, this is about the everyday lives of people in Northern Ireland and my view is we need to resolve that," Mr Lewis said.  The UK has warned the impact of the customs checks is so great that the threshold has been met for the UK to use the legal means to suspend elements of the international agreement. Ministers have repeatedly warned that they will use the Article 16 mechanism set out within the Protocol if the EU refuses to compromise. However, the Northern Ireland Secretary recommitted the Westminster Government to doing everything possible to find a negotiated solution. He said: "We will strain every last sinew to do this with the EU." 