Boris Johnson told MPs: "What we have seen already from Vladimir Putin's regime in the use of the munitions that they have already been dropping on innocent civilians, in my view, already fully qualifies as a war crime." Scores of innocent civilians have been killed throughout Ukraine, with the most recent reports claiming the city of Mariupol' has suffered significant civilian casualties on Wednesday. Russia has also been accused of shelling an orphanage and kindergarten, as well as using vacuum bombs. On Tuesday, Ukraine’s President Zelensky accused Russia of engaging in terrorism. His comments came just a day after Karim Khan, the prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, said he would open an investigation into potential war crimes. But what constitutes a war crime isn’t simple, as there are multiple conventions and different countries have different rules for warfare.  READ MORE: Zelensky speech: Ukraine President's most rousing statements No single, globally accepted treaty lists all war crimes - but there are wide agreements in general over what a war crime is. Among the international agreements that govern wartime acts, there are The Hague Conventions, Geneva Conventions and Rome Statute. The Hague Conventions generally concern the methods of warfare between combatants. The Geneva Conventions concern the treatment of civilians, the wounded and prisoners of war. The Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court has an extensive list of war crimes and is based on the Geneva Conventions. Generally, these treaties defend the right of civilians in warfare.  DON'T MISSUkraine horror as first major city falls to Russian army [REPORT]Huge explosion rocks Kyiv train station where thousands evacuate [INSIGHT]UN backs Boris over Putin atrocities - Russia actions ARE war crimes [REPORT] Under the Geneva convention, the most widely recognised of all, the following constitute the most serious war crimes: Wilful killingTorture or inhuman treatment, including biological experiments; Wilfully causing great suffering, or serious injury to body or health; Extensive destruction and appropriation of property, not justified by military necessity and carried out unlawfully and wantonly; Compelling a prisoner of war or other protected person to serve in the forces of a hostile Power; Wilfully depriving a prisoner of war or other protected person of the rights of fair and regular trial; Unlawful deportation or transfer or unlawful confinement; Taking of hostages. Most likely, yes. Although not listed under the most severe breaches of the law, the “intentional targeting of civilians” is still a serious breach. Countries make their own laws about how their militaries are allowed to operate in war conditions. Karim Khan, prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, said: “I have been closely following recent developments in and around Ukraine with increasing concern. “I remind all sides conducting hostilities on the territory of Ukraine that my office may exercise its jurisdiction and investigate any act of genocide, crime against humanity or war crime committed within Ukraine.”