Caitlin Saunders, 23, has shared her top tips with LatestDeals.co.uk on how to find bargain buys. Caitlin’s secret is to use the Too Good To Go app, which enables shoppers to buy heavily discounted goods that would otherwise end up in the bin. As the cost of living continues to rise, it is worth looking around for bargain buys. According to Caitlin, one of the best ways to do this is to use the app Too Good To Go. The 23-year-old regularly reviews the products she receives via the app on YouTube and has bagged foods from popular brands in the past – for half the price. Recently, Caitlin bought £23 worth of food from Greggs for only £3. READ MORE: 'Unknown hack': Automatically get free gift cards at Amazon, Tesco, Sainsbury's and Asda She also managed to get Planet Doughnut doughnuts worth £15 for only £6.50, as well as a Toby Carvery bag worth £7.29 for just £3.29. Caitlin explained how she uses the app, saying: “I put my first order in April last year and I do it a few times a month depending on work. “Every night at about 5pm or 5:30pm you have to look on the app and they put all the Too Good To Go bags on there. “Everyone asks how I manage to get them because they go so fast but I always seem to manage to get one when I want one. DON'T MISS: Save £1,000 on groceries a year buying out of date products [HACKS] Number one side hustle rule for financial success [MONEY] Money guru's voucher code trick - '£60 worth of shopping for only £48' [SAVINGS] “I just think it’s a nice treat really and for £2.95 you really can’t go wrong,” Caitlin added. She continued: “You then go and collect it and hope for the best. “You just swipe the app in front of the store assistant and they hand it over to you. “It’s so nice and easy, and it prevents waste.” Caitlin went on to reveal her favourite finds. She said: “One of my best bags has been from Greggs. “It had a four-pack of jam doughnuts, a tuna sandwich, a tuna roll, an egg mayo sandwich, a vegan ham and cheese baguette, a jammy heart, a chicken bake, steak bake, vegan sausage roll, a little cupcake and a croissant. “I paid £2.95 and it was probably worth about £23. “That’s just insane. Sometimes they’re so good, sometimes not so good. It just all depends really on what they’ve got to waste. “It’s so exciting to buy these because it’s like a lucky dip really. “You just don’t know what you're going to find and it saves it from going in the bin.” Caitlin advised going on the app for half an hour from 5pm until 5:30pm as most foods “around my area go on there for about that time”. The 23-year-old usually gets food from Greggs on the app, but also from Costa. To avoid food waste, she freezes “quite a lot” of food too. Caitlin added: “I think it’s a good idea because you're saving the waste and also getting some good bargains. “It’s a really good thing they’re doing and I personally love it. “I love sharing what I get and if I don’t like it or am not going to eat it then I give it to my friends and family as well.”