Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer who has partnered with the likes of Flash surface cleaner to create her own line. Despite this, when it comes to cleaning mattresses, she has hailed one simple, all-natural ingredient that she says can "soak up odours". Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, might be lurking in your kitchen cupboard for days spent baking. The white powder is usually used as a leavening agent in cakes, muffins and cookies. However, it also has an array of multi-purpose uses for cleaning around the home. She posted about using the ingredient to freshen her mattresses in 2020, telling fans: "For those asking why I use bicarb and what does it do, it’s an odour eliminator." READ MORE: Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home She explained: "Any odours that may be lingering in the mattress, it just soaks them up and absorbs them. It works really, really well." So, how exactly do you clean your mattress using baking soda? To follow Mrs Hinch's "baking soda on the mattress" trick, you will need baking soda, a sieve, a hoover and some essential oils such as lavender. Cleaning your mattress is best done when you are cleaning the rest of your bedding, so begin by stripping away your sheets, duvet cover and pillowcases. DON'T MISSHouse prices map: 10 regions see valuations soar across the UK [MAPPED]Heating: Britons are warned against using popular DIY radiator hack [REVEALED]Property: ‘Beautiful’ garden plant that makes homes ‘more desirable’ [COMMENT] Pop all of those in the washing machine and wash as usual. If you have a mattress protector, you should remove this too. Mattress protectors don't need to be washed as frequently as standard bedding, with bed specialists from Dreams.co.uk recommending tackling the chore once every two months. This may need to be more frequent if you have an unexpected spillage or allow pets on the bed. Then, to tackle your mattress, use a sieve to sprinkle baking soda over the surface. Leave it to set on the bed for around one hour. Once an hour has passed, remove any excess powder with a hoover. Mrs Hinch adds that she then drops some essential oils onto her pillows to leave them with a sweet and soothing smell. However, if you want to up your scent, experts from The Spruce recommend actually mixing the essential oil with the baking soda before sprinkling. The reason baking soda works well to absorb smells is because of its pH balance. Most bad smells are acidic in nature, and baking soda can act as a pH neutraliser due to the fact it is alkaline. Baking soda can also be used to absorb smells in the fridge, by popping some in a bowl and leaving overnight.