Yesterday, pensioners were hopeful Mr Sunak would use his mini-Budget as an opportunity to provide them with more support. The Chancellor did announce a wide range of measures including slashing fuel duty and raising the National Insurance threshold. However, the targeted support for older Britons many expected was not found within his statement. Now, pensioners are being urged to take matters into their own hands as much as possible to get the support they need. One form of support is available through Pension Credit, providing extra money for living costs to those pensioners on a low income. Pension Credit tops up weekly income to £177.10 for singletons, and joint weekly income to £270.30 for couples in a process known as Guarantee Credit. READ MORE: 220,000 WASPI women die before answer on compensation People could even get extra amounts if they have other responsibilities and costs. An additional sum, Savings Credit, is available to those who saved some money for their retirement. However, they must have reached state pension age before April 6, 2016 to be entitled to this component. Experts estimate Pension Credit is worth £3,000 a year on average, and thus, it could make a real difference to pensioners. DON'T MISSState pension under ‘increased pressure’ - rise to 70 possible [INSIGHT]Inflation soars by 6.2 percent in devastating blow [LATEST]State pension: DWP makes new commitment to triple lock  [UPDATE] The benefit is also described as a “gateway” as it entitles Britons to a wide range of other support. This includes a free TV licence for over 75s, Cold Weather Payments and help with NHS costs. The state pension is increasing next month by 3.1 percent, however, inflation has soared to 6.2 percent according to data released this week. One expert has asserted this means older people will likely see a real-terms cut in their pension of around £450. Morgan Vine, Head of Policy and Influencing at Independent Age, said: “The Chancellor’s Statement will only have increased the anxieties many older people are feeling as they brace for a harsh year ahead. “As the cost of living crisis takes hold, older people with limited income are desperate for immediate and meaningful action to help with living costs. “The Statement falls far short of delivering that, and it won’t make any real difference for older people already struggling to pay for essentials like heating and food. “Alarm bells should be ringing in the Treasury, but the Chancellor doesn’t seem to have got the message. “While it’s positive that the government has committed to reinstating the state pension triple lock next year, that won’t help the 2.1 million older people who are struggling now.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Consequently, Ms Vine has urged Britons to look into their eligibility for Pension Credit. She referenced a “low take-up” rate of the benefit designed to help those on a low income. Ms Vine called upon the Treasury to work more closely with the DWP to get support to those eligible for it, immediately. A DWP spokesperson recently told Express.co.uk: “We recognise the pressures people are facing with the cost of living, which is why we’re providing support worth £21billion this financial year and next to help. “This includes supporting over 11 million pensioners with their energy bills through our Winter Fuel Payments, freezing fuel duties to keep costs down and helping households through our £9.1billion Energy Bills Rebate. “The one-year move to temporarily suspend the triple lock ensures fairness for both pensioners and taxpayers. From April, the full yearly amount of the basic state pension will be over £2,300 higher than in 2010 and we continue to encourage those eligible for Pension Credit, and the wide range of other benefits it can provide, to make a claim.”