The Federal Security Service (FSB) "terribly miscalculated" the extent to which Ukraine would resist Russia's invasion, it has been claimed, as more than 12,000 of Putin's soldiers have so far been reportedly killed in the first two weeks of the war launched by the Kremlin. The FSB is the main successor to the KGB, the key intelligence agency for the Soviet Union from 1954 to 1991. In the past, the KGB provided some of the most powerful intelligence reports in the world and was viewed as a state tool exerted to promote the Soviet Union's interests at home and abroad. Now, with Ukraine still standing after two full weeks of assaults by Moscow, the FSB, of which Putin was a director from 1998 to 1999, is proving to be a less helpful instrument for the Russians, it is suggested. Andrei Soldatov, co-founder and editor of Agentura, an investigative website that has for more than two decades monitored the Russian secret services, told The Times: "It is not a competent organisation. "The final reports that they produced on the situation on the ground in the run-up to the invasion were simply not right, which is part of the reason as to why things have gone so badly for Russia." Ukraine LIVE: Putin gloats as Russian army uses horrific 'vacuum bombs' The report claims Putin is furious at the intel he has received. Among those killed within Russia's forces, is a general – and while Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky took that as a sign of hope, for Putin the effect is thought to have been the opposite. In addition to the dead soldiers, Kyiv claimed 303 tanks, 48 aircraft, 80 helicopters, 1,036 armoured vehicles, 120 cannons, 56 rocket launchers systems and 27 air defence systems belonging to the Russian army had been destroyed. The FSB's responsibilities, according to Mr Soldatov, include everything from counter-terrorism to border security, as well as monitoring the countries of the former Soviet Union. Since 2014, he said, the agency had put significant efforts into inciting unrest among far-right groups in western Ukraine. While the group could have misjudged popular support among the people there, Mr Soldatov hinted it may rather be a case of its members not daring to hand Putin truthful reports. He said: "We can't rule out the fact that the intelligence they gathered on the ground was in fact very good. "The problem is that it is too risky for superiors to tell Putin what he doesn't want to hear, so they tailor their information. "The tailoring probably takes place somewhere between the rank of colonel and general in the FSB." Mr Zelensky, addressing UK MPs on Tuesday, said: "We will not give up, and we will not lose." DON'T MISSRussian soldier warns Putin he 'cannot win' as he exposes Moscow lies [VIDEO]UK v EU's efforts to thwart Russia's invasion and defeat Putin [ANALYSIS]Kremlin running out of money! Putin facing total collapse of economy [REPORT] And the numbers are backing his words. As per Michael Clarke, former director-general of the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI), Russian forces have lost about 860 pieces of significant equipment – about 60 percent of which was abandoned or captured. This compares to less than 250 lost by Ukrainian servicemen. Prof Clarke told Sky News: "Any side retreating you would expect to lose some equipment because you have to leave the equipment behind. "You try and blow it up, disable it and you clear off. "If you're attacking, you don't expect to have your equipment abandoned or captured, which indicates that Ukrainian counter-attacks, local counter-attacks must be doing quite well." In an address in which Mr Zelensky likened his country's fight for survival to Britain's fight against the Nazis, the President said: "We will fight until the end at sea, in the air. We will continue fighting for our land, whatever the cost." While the world is demonstrating unity in support of Ukraine and, above all, Ukrainians are showing they back their leader's morale, Russia is isolated. Amid increasing international sanctions, the Russian military is struggling, too. There are reports of troops surrendering and sabotaging their own vehicles to avoid fighting; others suffering from fuel and food shortages, and some even crossing the border with meals that expired two decades ago. Putin's chances of winning, despite having an army eight times the size of Mr Zelensky's, appear to be slimmer than his pre-war analysis may have suggested.