Phillip Schofield, 59, took to Instagram today and addressed Holly Willoughby's absence from Dancing On Ice tonight. The This Morning presenter admitted he is "gutted" after it was announced that Holly, 41, has contracted Covid-19. In view of his three million followers, Phillip urged Holly to get well soon as he reacted to the news. The ITV favourite shared a sweet snap of the presenting duo backstage on the ITV show. He captioned the post: "Gutted that my mate won't be with me on @DancingOnIce tonight. "Get well soon darlin."(sic) READ MORE: Stephen Mulhern 'released from hospital' after absence sparks concern Phillip signed off the post with a heart emoji. Holly is yet to speak about her sudden absence from the ITV show but is expected to return for the final in two weeks time. A spokesperson for Dancing on Ice said: "Unfortunately, Holly Willoughby is unable to host tonight's show after testing positive for Covid-19. "We look forward to Holly returning for the Dancing on Ice Live Final." The news comes after Phillip was forced to miss the ITV skating show after he received a positive test and had to isolate last month. At the time, Stephen Mulhern stepped in to replace the regular show host. Stephen - who is currently holed up at home recovering from an illness - admitted it was "big shoes to fill". He said in a statement: "I’m very much looking forward to being back hosting alongside my good friend Holly this weekend. It’s big shoes to fill and I’m wishing Phillip a speedy recovery. DON'T MISS... Paddy McGuinness and Christine's chilli blunder after nude session[LATEST]Loose Women's Frankie Bridge undergoes surgery after discovery in ear[HEALTH]'Call me filthy' Ulrika Jonsson says she 'doesn't shower every day'[COLUMN] "I’m a big fan of Dancing on Ice and for one night only I’m thrilled to be rink side watching the action unfold. It’s going to be unbelievable!" Meanwhile, Holly who fronts Dancing On Ice and This Morning alongside Phillip, has previously opened up about the bond she shares with her co-star and pal. Speaking to The Mirror, she said: "They're different shows and that's what's so nice about it. There's real ease when we work together. "It's not like you're going in like, oh we just need to find our feet or rhythm, it's an absolute given. It's nice to be doing something a bit different but still together." Phil added: "It's lovely and I adore Holly completely and absolutely and so to be able to joke around together in the mornings - and there's no question that This Morning is a different sort of style of show to this one. "It's a shiny show, it's a big glitzy, wonderfully produced and gorgeous looking show. So yeah, it's nice to have a mate." In the semi-final tonight, the remaining celebs will perform two skates in the hope of making it through to next week's final. Dancing On Ice airs tonight on ITV at 7.30pm.