When Aydin Guner, 36, found he had more time on his hands after the country went into lockdown in early 2020, he stumbled upon property investment and decided to dip his tow in the water. Despite his family's warnings, Aydin risked remortgaging his own home and took out £25,000 to invest in properties. Since renovating and selling on four homes across Merseyside, the man has become a millionaire and has just returned from his dream holiday in Dubai with his girlfriend. "In a matter of months, I’d gone from having £500 and being miserable on my own in lockdown to having £40,000 in my bank account. So, I just carried on," Aydin said. "The last 18 months have been really fun. I’ve had more fun in the last two years than ever really. "People kept asking why I would want to get more in debt. I love my dad. He’s been really supportive, but he was one of the ones who was saying find a good bank, get a mortgage and stick with them." The man was inspired after watching clips on YouTube posted by multi-millionaire entrepreneur Samuel Leeds, reports Liverpool Echo. Recalling the difficulties he faced in lockdown, Aydin said: "At the start of the first lockdown I had about £500 in my bank account, it was raining outside and miserable and I wasn’t able to meet up with anyone. "I thought who is this guy talking about property investing? [Samuel Leeds] I didn’t know too much about it. "I just thought it was something rich folk did, and you need loads of capital to get started. But I just had something in me that wanted more." The former salesman, from Halewood, Merseyside, found a mortgage broker who confirmed he could raise a certain amount of money from the property he was living in. He discovered he could release up to 75 per cent of the worth of his house and so he took out the £25,000. Aydin, who has also worked in banking, continued: "I’d never had that much money in my bank before. I felt so rich."  He quickly refurbished two homes on the Wirral, one in Halewood and one in Bootle and reaped the financial reward. Now he says the money has helped him achieve more "freedom" and has urged other young people to explore the industry. "I don’t think money gives you happiness, but it opens doors and gives you that freedom," the savvy investor said. "Why can’t you enjoy the nicer things?"