Sam Heughan is best known for his role as Jamie Fraser, the Scottish Highlander on Starz’s hit series, Outlander. With the highly anticipated sixth season landing on screens earlier this month, the actor announced his latest passion project away from the TV.  After a nearly two year hiatus, Sam Hueghan returned to screens as Jamie Fraser for another season of the time-travelling drama. While fans enjoy the weekly instalment of romance and war, Sam has revealed he would be publishing his first-ever memoir. The upcoming book will be based on the 100-mile journey of the Scottish Highlands which he participated in. Heughan took to Instagram to share the exciting announcement with his fans. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Ken Barlow horrified over Jacob Hay's secret? He posted a photo of the book which had a temporary cover and in the caption, he wrote: “Ready to come on a journey with me?! “So excited that my new biography ‘Waypoints’ is available for preorder NOW! “Join me as I hike 100miles from my home to the base of the highest mountain in the UK, Ben Nevis and ‘attempt’ to climb it. “Along the journey, I reflect on stories from my life, with personal insight plus my hopes, dreams and plans for the future.” Heughan added: “I can’t wait to share this personal journey with you.” Fans were equally excited to gain a different insight into Heughan and read about his personal highlights, which they expressed in the comments with glee. @lucyp1972 wrote: “Oh Sam, you are a gem! I can't wait to read all about you and your life!“ @annaheich added: “Love this! Looking forward to an interesting read about you.” An excited @simonealtwein commented: “Preordered my signed copy already. Yes, can't wait to read.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Graham Foster 'returns from the dead' to help Meena? [THEORY]Death in Paradise’s Don Warrington speaks out on future of series [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Lauren Lyle thanks fans for support after Fergus scenes [INSIGHT] @gzelle4820 shared: “So ready for this and huge Congratulations.” @sabia_elisa agreed: “Yassssssss can't wait to read your new adventure.” While @annadolgin wrote: “Already pre-ordered because anything you do is first class and amazing.” Speaking about Waypoints, Heughan admitted he decided to venture on the journey as he wanted to challenge himself. The 41-year-old explained: “Waypoints is a memoir with a difference! “I wanted to tell the stories and share the experiences that have shaped me, but to do that I needed to challenge myself and spend some time in my own company, away from the distractions of everyday life. “And for me there’s no better place to reflect than in the wild Scottish Highlands.” Thankfully as well as learning more about Heughan, fans will soon be able to see even more of him on screens as Outlander was renewed for a seventh season. Outlander is available on Starz in the US and on Starzplay in the UK. 