Manchester United are facing off against Tottenham in a crucial game for both sides in the Premier League today. Both Spurs and the Red Devils will be looking for a result as they continue their push to secure Champions League football for next season. And if you want to tune in to all the action from Old Trafford then you'll need access to Sky Sports who are broadcasting the big EPL game exclusively live. You can find out more about the best Sky Sports deals available at the moment below... The two sides go in to the match on topsy turvy form, with Spurs either being brilliant as they were in their 3-2 win against Manchester City, or suffering embarrassing defeats as they did to Burnley. While Manchester United have shown signs of progress at times since the appointment of Ralf Rangnick, but have also suffered embarrassing losses of their own - including a 4-1 drubbing at the hands of bitter Manchester rivals City last time round. If you want to tune into all the action from Old Trafford and see every kick of the ball then here's how to access a Manchester United Tottenham live stream...  You can tune in and watch coverage of Manchester United vs Tottenham Hotspur on Sky Sports Main Event and Sky Sports Premier League. Coverage begins at 5pm with kick-off at 5.30pm. If you've got Sky Glass or Sky Q then a Sky Sports membership will usually cost £32 a month. But Sky is currently running a deal that drops that price to £20 a month. This can be paired with the standard Sky TV bundle, which unlocks access to exclusive channels like Sky Atlantic, as well as Comedy Central, MTV, and more, coupled with a Netflix subscription. If you're not home, everything from Sky Sports is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app, which is available for both Android and iOS devices. You can also sign in to Sky Go on an Xbox or PlayStation to watch in another room if someone else is using the Sky Q box.  Sky-owned NOW, formerly NOW TV, offers limited-time access to Sky Sports. One month usually costs £33.99 while a single 24-hour period of Sky Sports access will cost a one-off payment of £11.98. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Unfortunately, if you're outside of the UK right now, your Sky Go and NOW subscriptions might not work as you'd expect. Sky – just like Netflix, BBC iPlayer, Prime Video and a number of other services – places restrictions based on your current location, which is determined by the IP address that your device was assigned when you connected to the internet. It's possible to bypass these geo-restrictions by employing a Virtual Private Network, or VPN, service. You can find some of the best options below... 