A photograph taken at White Horse Inn in Barnby Moor, Nottinghamshire, shows food and plates strewn over the floor around a large table. Litter was also left on both the floor and the table before the pub owner says the families fled the establishment on Tuesday evening. The four adults, who dined with several children, were also "intimidating" to staff during their visit, the owner of the pub, operated by independent company Harper Inns Ltd, has claimed. The boss said: "It is just ridiculous. "One of them distracted the member of staff by standing at the bar out of sight of the door. "He was ordering another drink while the ladies in the group marched their children out, one under each arm, and bundled them into a couple of cars. "Then they waited until the last guy exited and shot off." The families racked up a huge bill of £330 after ordering tomahawk steaks, cocktails, vodka and drinks for their four children, reports Nottinghamshire Live.   But the pub's management are just as concerned about their staff, as they are about the financial loss. The boss added: "It is not that it just hurts my pocket, the real problem is that the staff there are nervous now and do not feel comfortable. "The member of the staff that was on rang the manager and said he was upset and quite exasperated. "He had been intimidated by their passive-aggressive behaviour - and he has blamed himself. "It is awful because he was doing really well and was training to be in a managerial position. "Now he has lost all of his confidence." The pub owner said that he has worked in the industry for about a decade - but that he has never witnessed "anything like it". He continued: "The children were running around the restaurant, running up to people's tables, falling over things. "And then they have left bowls of food upturned on the floor - I have never seen anything like it in ten years in the industry. "It was just like a pack of bears had been in."   The establishment, in a remote village just off the A1, is struggling to recover from the Covid pandemic as it is. Bosses alerted police but officers have said they need witnesses to come forward to help identify the bill dodgers. "We started the business in 2019, just before Covid hit, and so obviously it is a difficult time," the pub manager said. "The price of everything is going up massively. "We have got wholesale beer increases of nearly 15p a pint this year to deal with. "We are going to try to soak that all up, and we will try and fight all of that and then people are going to do that. "It is not very helpful." Inspector Hayley Crawford, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: "We are pursuing lines of enquiry following a report that a group of people had attended The White Horse Inn in Barnby Moor, eaten a meal and left without paying. "Officers are making enquiries after the incident was reported to us at around 9pm yesterday. "To help us with our investigation we are urging anyone with information to please get in touch with us." It is believed those involved left the area in a white van and a black car. Anyone who has any information is urged to call Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident 798 of 8 March 2022, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.   