 Laura Hamilton is a familiar face for fans of Channel 4’s A Place in the Sun. The property expert and presenter regularly hosts the show and tries her best to find guests their dream holiday homes. However, Laura recently had to pull out of filming for the show as she was unable to travel.   Laura had originally been set to film a new episode of A Place in the Sun in Spain this week. However, the presenter has instead taken to social media to issue an apology to her colleagues. The property expert explained she’s been forced to drop out of filming after contracting Covid-19. Taking to Instagram, Laura revealed she’s unable to fly out to Spain as she’s tested positive for the virus. READ MORE: Holly Willoughby in tears watching young Ukrainian girl singing  Updating fans, Laura shared a photo of her positive coronavirus test to her Instagram Stories. Alongside the snap she wrote: “Was supposed to fly to Spain to film today! Sorry to let my team down @aplaceinthesun.” Laura later gave her loyal fans a further update on her health as she shared a video of herself to Instagram. The A Place in the Sun star was quick to reassure her followers that her symptoms are mild.   Addressing her fans in the clip, Laura said: “Good morning. I hope you’re all good. "I just wanted to post this story because a few people have asked me, ‘Am I okay?’ following my post yesterday about being positive with Covid. “I’m very frustrated because I don’t have any symptoms, really. Maybe a little bit of a blocked up nose and a bit of a husky voice. “I did have a cough a few days ago, but I actually feel fine,” she confessed. DON'T MISS...‘Harsh!’ The Chase fans blast Bradley Walsh for not accepting answer [MUST SEE]Emmerdale couple torn apart after row over relationship dealbreaker? [SPOILERS]Jane McDonald endures ‘awkward’ reunion with man from her past [WATCH]  The presenter suggested she likely wouldn’t have done the test as her symptoms were so mild, but she had to take one so she could travel to Spain for filming. She told her followers: “I wouldn’t have done a test, but I’m required to for work. “So it was when I did my test yesterday morning, before I was travelling to the airport, that I found out that I was Covid positive,” Laura explained. “So it's very frustrating, but there you go,” the presenter added.    Laura has presented the hit Channel 4 property show for more than a decade, having first joined in 2011. She’s since gone on to help numerous house hunters find their dream property in the sun. However, she’s not the only presenter on the show as Jasmine Harman, Leah Charles-King, Lee Juggurnauth, Ben Hillman, Scarlette Douglas, Danni Menzies, and Jean Johansson also regularly feature on the programme. A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4. 