Cravings play a tough part in people's weight loss journeys and constantly battling the need to eat can make the process unbearable. But Dr Michael Mosley has a solution that could help curb those appetite surges. By increasing a person's daily intake of protein earlier in the day, research suggests it's key to staying fuller for longer, thus aiding weight-loss and reducing cravings. Dr Mosley said: "Protein can help you stay full up and studies show it reduces your hunger hormone. "It also boosts the level of a hormone known as peptide which makes you feel full. "It is well known that moderately increasing the amount of protein in your diet can help you feel more satisfied after meals," he added. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure Higher levels of protein in a diet can also boost your metabolism and contribute towards positive weight-regulating health hormones. But what was less well known, was what time of the day people should be consuming high protein meals in order to sustain them. The nutritionist referenced a 2014 US-based study that divided volunteers into three groups to test whether protein at the first meal of the day could help people to feel fuller for longer. "One group ate a breakfast containing 35g of protein, the second group ate breakfast containing 13g protein and the third group skipped breakfast altogether," he explained. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "Later on that morning, the volunteers were asked to rate the intensity of their pre-lunch food cravings. "The results were clear, of all groups, the high-protein breakfast group recorded the highest dopamine levels and lowest pre-lunch food cravings." High protein breakfasts include the likes of Greek yoghurt, porridge, eggs and lean proteins such as fish. Dr Mosley added: "I sometimes have porridge with wheat bran for breakfast, which comes to about 22g of carbs, and 5g of fibre." He explained that a protein-rich breakfast is "particularly effective" if paired with quality fibre, such as small amounts of fruit. "Eating protein at the first meal of the day helps you feel fuller for longer because after a protein meal, levels of a chemical called tyrosine rise inside the brain. "By increasing its own dopamine supply as the next meal approaches, the brain experiences a much weaker dopamine hit from high calorie food." Research suggests that regularly eating a healthy breakfast may help people lose excess weight and maintain weight loss. And consuming a high-protein breakfast kick-starts a person's metabolism, which helps to burn calories throughout the day. It is often referred to as "the most important meal of the day", with experts warning that skipping the morning meal can "throw off your body’s rhythm of fasting and eating". According to WebMD, when you wake up, the blood sugar your body needs to make your muscles and brain work their best is usually low, and breakfast helps replenish it.