The horror incident happened at an address in Egdon, Worcestershire, on Monday. The two-year-old was treated at Birmingham Children's Hospital but died from his injuries. Three dogs, which are not believed to be banned breeds, were seized following the incident. After the attack the little boy's family attempted to take him to hospital themselves, but stopped at Worcester Countryside Centre on the advice of the ambulance service. He was taken from there to Worcestershire Royal Hospital by ambulance, before being moved to Birmingham Children's Hospital. Superintendent Rebecca Love of West Mercia Police said: “We have been informed this morning that the young boy who was injured in an incident on Monday in Egdon, Worcestershire has sadly passed away. “Officers responded to a report of a two-year-old child in cardiac arrest at approximately 11.20am on Monday 28 March. “It was quickly established the child had suffered injuries as a result of being bitten by a dog at the address in Worcestershire. “The child was transferred from Worcestershire Royal Hospital to Birmingham Children’s Hospital, and despite medical treatment, he has died as a result of his injuries. “This is a truly tragic incident and our thoughts are with the family at this very difficult time. READ MORE: Calls for dog-on-dog attacks to be made offence after pet killed “Three dogs have been removed from the property and are currently being housed securely. "I am unable to confirm the breed of the dogs at this time, but we do not believe they are banned under the Dangerous Dogs Act. “An investigation continues, and I would ask for your respect for the family’s privacy at this very distressing time.” DON'T MISSShetland pony mauled in 'dog attack' with foal Dog shot dead after attacking woman and teenager in rampage Dog bites man 20 times after he tries to attack owner with metal bat It comes after a 17-month-old girl died in a dog attack in the Blackbrook area of St Helens, Merseyside, earlier this month. Bella-Rae Birch died in hospital from her injuries after emergency services were called to her home. In a statement released last week, her family thanked the community for their support. Merseyside Police said tests showed the dog, which the family had bought just a week earlier, was an American Bully XL.