Vadym Prystaiko told MPs during an appearance before the Commons Foreign Affairs Committee that Vladimir Putin could try to starve civilians in major cities in a bid to win the war. It comes as pictures show empty shelves at Ukrainian supermarkets and huge queues of people forming to stock up on essentials. Mr Prystaiko said the Russian President could "try to crush the will of the Ukrainian people to resist" as he faces a "lack of progress". The diplomat raised the need to explore the option of humanitarian ships being able to arrive in the Black Sea. Tory MP Bob Seely asked Mr Prystaiko whether the Kremlin's strategy could be to starve civilians into surrender. Mr Prystaiko replied: "The support and resilience is going so much against his plans and in Russia themselves start asking questions, 'What are we doing?' "I believe they might use the tactics you described in the second part - try to block our cities, try to soften political position, try maybe some riots in Ukraine, because of the lack of foods, against the government." Mr Prystaiko said officials might have to "come up with some military solution to the distribution of food". Mr Seely said he recognises that to prevent a civil breakdown "you need arms and you need food". READ MORE: Kyiv residents rush to catch train out over fears for incoming attack Mr Prystaiko's comments come as Russian invaders are coming up against fierce resistance from Ukrainians on the sixth day of Moscow's assault. A huge Russian convoy bore down on capital city Kyiv on Tuesday. Meanwhile, Ukraine accused Russia of war crimes over the bombardment of civilian areas in the second city of Kharkiv. Boris Johnson today urged Putin to turn his tanks around and send his troops home. DON'T MISSVine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump [VIDEO]Putin forced to beg China for help as sanctions hit Russian economy [INSIGHT]Putin outsmarted as EU poised to slash dependency on Russia [ANALYSIS] The Prime Minister sent a direct message to the Russian leader in a speech in Warsaw, where he insisted tough sanctions against the Kremlin were not meant to hit the Russian people. Speaking at the British Embassy, Mr Johnson said that if Putin was allowed to win in his invasion of Ukraine, he would "overthrow the post-Cold War order and destroy the vision of a Europe whole and free". The Prime Minister said: "The outcome will be a world where aggression is triumph, where might is right, and extreme violence pays off, and no nation would be safe." Mr Johnson underlined the UK's support for Ukraine and praised the bravery of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. He said: "When I think of the dangers and the pressures, the physical dangers that he must be facing, I marvel at his coolness under fire, his bravery, his invincible good humour. "I think he is mobilising the world against the horror of what is happening." 