Over the past few months, Coronation Street viewers have watched as poor Summer Spellman (played by Harriet Bibby) came to terms with her diabetes diagnosis. Things seem to be going from bad to worse for the teenager as not only has she faced the stress of getting into Oxford University but she was also rejected by her love interest teacher Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard). If that wasn't bad enough, she now gets to watch Daniel grow closer to barmaid Daisy Midgeley (Charlotte Jordan). In December, viewers started to grow concerned for Summer after she made herself sick following a meal with her dad. The teenager was admiring photos of Daisy before she started to take selfies of herself. Clearly unhappy with what she saw, Summer could be heard vomiting in the toilet before her stepfather Billy Mayhew (Daniel Brocklebank) came home. "Everything alright?" Billy asked as Summer replied: "Never better." "Take your insulin ok?" he asked before she said: "Yeah, all done and dusted thank you." READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role "It was a great meal that," Billy said. "You're going to smash this Oxford interview tomorrow." Things seemed to escalate for Summer as in January viewers watched as she binged on a bar of chocolate before making herself sick. Taking to social media to share their concerns, fan Ryan Glendenning penned: "Summer comfort eating #Corrie." User @lightbebe2020 tweeted: "Summer eating sweets then making herself sick afterwards while she has diabetes this new anorexic story will be interesting...#Corrie." Sharing a broken heart emoji Justin Rafferty said: "Summer is eating sweets and she is going to end up with bulimia again. #Corrie." While Anthony predicted: "Summer shoved the entire candy bar in her face. Eating disorder ahead. #Corrie." Other viewers prayed the ITV soap was going to show the true reality of having diabetes and an eating disorder. User @DonnatellaSpace commented: "I hope @itvcorrie research into the storyline with Summer is 100% as type 1 diabetes is no simple illness. "The audience needs to see how diabetes plays alongside this eating disorder. Many young people are diagnosed with diabetes. Show an example, not a mockery #Corrie." (Sic) DON'T MISS...Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? [CAST]Emmerdale's Zoe Henry pays sweet tribute to ITV co-star [VIDEO]Brenda Blethyn details how she transforms into beloved DCI Vera [INSIGHT] As Owen tweeted: "I have a feeling that a Summer eating disorder storyline is coming up." In upcoming scenes in the ITV soap, Billy confides in Todd Grimshaw (Gareth Pierce) claiming he's worried Summer is working too hard. In a bid to get his daughter to take a break from studying, Billy suggests she take a lunch break. However, the youngster panics at the thought of having to eat, so makes out she’ll eat in her room while she works. Todd suggests to Summer she should have a night out with her friends but she’s adamant that she has to revise more. Billy also tries to encourage Summer to take a night off from revision and to join her friends on a night out. Later on, Summer decides to take Billy and Todd's advice and heads out with her friends. Fed up of being the boring one Summer knocks back the wine in the cafe. Although, her friends Amy (Elle Mulvaney), Nina (Mollie Gallagher) and Asha (Tanisha Gorey) become concerned about her insulin levels. As they raise their worries to Summer, she snaps at them before the night has even begun. Could Summer end up by herself if her drinking gets out of control? The teenager could end up ditching her friends, leaving her alone. If she hasn't taken her insulin like her friends believe, poor Summer end up taking a turn for the worse. Coronation Street airs on Wednesday at 8pm on ITV.