Lorraine couldn’t help but make a dig while taking a closer look at Matt Hancock’s interview as he spoke about falling for Gina and took aim at his appearance. Chatting on Tuesday’s instalment of her ITV daytime show, the presenter mocked the former Health Secretary’s choice of clothing.  During the podcast interview with Bartlett, Hancock opened up about his resignation and why he broke covid guidelines. The former Health Secretary said: “I broke the social distancing guidelines. By then they weren’t actually rules, they weren’t the law. “But, that’s not the point. The point is they were the guidelines that I’d been proposing. “That happened because I fell in love with somebody,” he explained. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plans to destroy the Dingles? However, after watching a clip from the interview, Kelly swiftly hit out at Hancock. Addressing her viewers, the presenter remarked: “That is Matt Hancock, remember him? “The former Health Secretary talking to Dragon’s Den star Stephen Bartlett about his resignation last year,” she said. Kelly went on to criticise the clothing Hancock was sporting during his interview.   “I don’t know what he’s come as. He looks like a Bond villain or a pound shop Milk Tray Man maybe? “You remember, he was caught on CCTV groping his advisor. His new partner Gina was also spotted at the recording of that podcast. “So, he fell in love. But, lots of people who were in love with each other weren’t able to see each other during that time were they?” Kelly fumed. Many viewers found Kelly’s jibes at the politician comical and took to Twitter to share their thoughts. DON'T MISS...Schoolgirl stuns BBC viewers as she begs for end to war [MUST SEE]Dan Walker leaves Raab squirming with Ukrainian refugee probe [WATCH]Doctor Who actress praises ‘incredibly loyal’ fans [INSIGHT] “I am LIVING for #lorraine’s savage take down of Matt Hancock. ‘Pound shop milk tray man’,” @mishymarsland wrote. @Stepharrnee added: “Lorraine calling Matt Hancock Poundshop Milk Tray man #Lorraine.” “LOVE @reallorraine ‘he looks like a £ shop milk tray man’. You’re an icon Lorraine. #lorraine," @PGUK78 said. “Lorraine saying pound shop milk tray man about Matt Hancock… #lorraine," @teenamassam commented.   However, other viewers blasted the presenter, calling her out for making fun of Hancock’s appearance. “The lefty-lovey #lorraine #gmb being snidey about Matt Hancock’s clothes. She’d not say rude, snarky things about a Labour politician, say Lammy. Can’t stand her sycophancy towards the people she approves of and her nastiness to those she doesn’t agree with,” @pinkmonkeygin said. “Aye got to love a person that disses a human being on live tv. Great example of how to behave in society… NOT!!!” @SandraK10863852 added. Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV. 