The Teesside Lighthouse Green Fuels Project has been gifted £1billion by Alfanar Group to help produce the first sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) from waste “at scale”. SAF is considered a clean substitute for fossil jet fuels which is produced from sustainable waste resources like waste oils rather than petroleum. The innovation has been tipped to slash emissions and help Britain race to the goal of achieving net zero carbon emissions by 2050, a key climate pledge. The project is set to bring in at least 700 construction jobs and a further 240 full-time roles. Prime Minister Boris Johnson will meet with Alfanar chiefs in the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia Wednesday during his visit one-day to the region. The Prime Minister will also meet with leaders to "ensure coordinated international action on Russia’s illegal invasion of Ukraine" Mr Johnson announced on Twitter: “Great news that Alfanar Group is investing £1billion in the Teesside Lighthouse Green Fuels Project, creating hundreds of jobs to produce sustainable aviation fuel from waste, with the potential to reduce emissions by 80 percent compared to their fossil fuel equivalent.” Ben Houchen, Conservative Mayor of the Tees Valley, Tweeted: “£1billion investment secure. "Fantastic news that we’ve secured another huge investment, this time from Alfanar to develop sustainable aviation fuel.” The project will use household and commercial waste as a source to be converted into the SAF. Back in October, Express.co.uk spoke to Rolls-Royce about the exciting prospect of SAF and how it can help to decarbonise the aviation industry. Paul Stein said SAF make up one of three crucial pillars needed to help the sector transition to a greener future. He said: “We are making sure all our existing products that we make that we know are going part of our future are net zero compatible. READ MORE: Energy crisis: PM handed 'cake and eat it' plan to CUT Russian ties “Aviation is always as seen a hard to decarbonise sector, and as a company, we believe it is hard to carbonise, but all sectors are hard to decarbonise and there isn’t a magic bullet behind anything and we’re trying to help all sectors as much as we can.” The announcement also comes after another Saudi firm, SABIC pledged to invest up to £850million in the reopening of the Olefins 6 plant, also known as the “Cracker” plant, at Wilton in the North East in a huge boost. Mr Johnson hailed the move as “a huge vote of confidence in the UK's chemicals and processing industry, which is pioneering innovation in clean, green technology”. He added that it would help to create and safeguard nearly 1,000 jobs. DON'T MISS UK to avoid Putin's EU energy wrath as huge new gas field found [INSIGHT] India hands Russia lifeline: Modi and Putin poised for huge deal [REPORT] Rolls-Royce leads new space station project on MOON [REVEAL] This also comes as Britain looks to slash its energy ties with Russia, looking at deepening its trading relationship with partners in the Middle East to guarantee energy security. Mr Johnson said: “The UK is building an international coalition to deal with the new reality we face. “The world must wean itself off Russian hydrocarbons and starve Putin’s addiction to oil and gas. “Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are key international partners in that effort. We will work with them to ensure regional security, support the humanitarian relief effort and stabilise global energy markets for the longer term.