News broke on Thursday morning that a maternity hospital in the heavily besieged town of Mariupol had been hit by a Russian airstrike, killing three people. It was the latest devastating attack against the people of Ukraine, with Putin once again being accused of targeting civilians and committing war crimes. The harrowing images coming out of the conflict, which has already killed at least 549 civilians, injured at least 957 and forced over 2 million to flee their homes, according to the United Nations, have caused outrage outside Russia. Western countries have clamped down on Moscow with unprecedented sanctions and sent military aid to Ukraine to help the country defend itself, while European countries have opened up their borders to give Ukrainians refuge. But inside Russia, any news regarding the Russian invasion has been combated by a relentless stream of misinformation from the Kremlin and its allies, who have branded reports of civilian casualties as “fake news”. Alongside the usual suspects from Putin’s inner circle of stoney faced men, such as foreign minister Sergei Lavrov who blanky told a press conference in Turkey on Thursday that “Russian has no plans to attack other countries” and had “not even attacked Ukraine”, is a new army of women leading the propaganda war. Maria Zakharova is one of its leaders. The director of the information and press department of Russia’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Putin’s indomitable spokesman has gained international notoriety in recent weeks for her fiery responses to questions by Western journalists about Russia’s violations in Ukraine. READ MORE: 'We're not bombing civilians', ex-Russian spy tells the BBC When asked about the attack on the maternity hospital in Mariupol on Thursday, Zakharova responded: “This is information terrorism.” She went on to brand the reports as fake news peddled by Ukraine - the preferred refrain of Russia’s diplomatic and media circles. Zakharova, sometimes dubbed Putin’s “troll in chief”, has become one of the Russian president’s favourite mouthpieces for the Kremlin’s lies, with her quick, cutting responses to journalists’ questions taking Russia’s press conferences to a whole new audience. Like Russia’s diplomats at home and abroad, she has refused to acknowledge the Russian invasion as such, denied reports of war crimes or targeting civilians, and accused Ukraine of developing biological weapons, all while maintaining an unshakeable poker-face. Fluent in Chinese with the Russian equivalent of a PhD, Zakharova is known to be highly intelligent and a fierce opponent of the West. Appearing in regular press conferences since the invasion began on February 24, she has hit back at journalists from the UK and US for the tone and nature of their questions regarding Russia targeting civilian buildings. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: New satellite images show Putin's death convoy close in [LIVE]Sky News reporter takes on Lavrov over hospital tragedy [LATEST]The 8 steps Ukrainians must take to secure a UK visa [INSIGHT] In a conference last week, she responded to Sky News’ Dominic Waghorn: "If you're going to ask a question in the same tone, I'm not going to speak to you. "You can ask these questions to your British politicians but here you should behave properly. "If you can't do that, you shouldn't be a journalist. Do you understand me?” A number of other high-profile Russian women join Zakharova in the ranks, particularly in the country’s state media. Although Russia’s state-run media channels such as RT and Sputnik have been widely banned outside the country for spreading disinformation about the conflict in Ukraine, they are bombarding Russians with an alternative version of the war 24 hours a day. Journalists on these channels insist the Russians are liberators while lambasting the West, and are banned from calling Russia's invasion a war. Margarita Simonyan, editor-in-chief of RT, has been put on the EU sanctions list alongside Zakharova and numerous Russian oligarchs for having “promoted the deployment of Russian forces in Ukraine.”  When asked about how she felt about the move, she replied: “Maria Zakharova and I took out handkerchiefs” to “have a little cry”. Another steely Kremlin spokesman, Valentina Matviyenko, captured attention outside the West when she claimed that the invasion was the “only way to stop a brotherly war”. While it is largely Russian men waging the war on the ground in Ukraine, observers argue that Putin has made a calculated choice to have women leading the propaganda war further afield. Mark Galeotti, a professor at UCL who specialises in Russia, told the Telegraph that women like Zakharova were being used to get Putin’s lies to a wider audience. He explained: “Partly these roles have ended up being filled by women because they are less prestigious than the big internal jobs.” “But there’s also an awareness that a succession of dull apparatchiks in grey suits didn’t work at punching up the message. Whereas the Zakharovas of the world absolutely get the coverage and the attention. It’s Ann Coulter syndrome. “Their roles mean that a lot of these women are more famous outside of Russia than at home.” 