Cold Continental air sweeping in from the east through the start of this week threatens harsh frosts and temperatures in parts down to -5C. A mid-week U-turn will dish up heavy downpours and gusty outbursts as the Atlantic takes charge. High pressure responsible for steering cold winds into Britain will weaken opening the doors to low-pressure systems from the west. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “Continental air will bring a colder start to the week before we see more of an influence from the Atlantic ahead of the weekend. “This will bring more in the way of rain. “We are in between winter and spring at the moment with the changes in weather associated with the transition. “Britain is still the battleground between this colder Continental influence and the milder Atlantic conditions.”  Easterly winds will continue to bring a wintery chill to southern and southwestern regions through today. Tomorrow will see the first Atlantic low-pressure system nudge into Britain bringing rain to western Britain. Further lows barrel in through the week steered by a ‘mother’ cyclonic  system circling Iceland. Netweather spokesman Paul Michaelwaite said: “The picture becomes complex into midweek as there will be a few pressure systems nearby. “The first, mother low will be close to Iceland, but small satellite lows are likely to spin up around the bottom of its influence with one possibly heading up close to Ireland and Western Scotland later Tuesday. “Then another will potentially follow behind on Wednesday, this time crossing Ireland from the southwest and then heading towards or over western Scotland.” Britain’s topsy-turvy weather is being blamed in part on a powerful jet stream sweeping over the UK.  As winds turn in from the Atlantic later this week, milder air will push temperatures upwards, forecasters say. The mercury in parts of the country could nudge 15C by the end of the week, according to government experts. Met Office meteorologist Greg Dewhurst said: “Over the next few days high pressure will slowly slip eastwards allowing weather fronts from the Atlantic to edge closer to the UK. “Outbreaks of rain are possible particularly in the north and the west, but the further south and east you are, drier milder air moving in with highs of 15C by Thursday.” It will follow a chilly start to the week with temperatures below average for the time of year, he added. Low pressure will start to take control of the weather through the coming days, according to WeatherOnline forecaster Simon Keeling. After a cold start to the week, temperatures will lift ahead of the weekend as mild air drifts in from the Atlantic, he added. He said: “Conditions will turn more mixed as the week progresses. “After a dry start and rather cool, fronts will approach from the Atlantic with low pressure taking control bringing cloud and periods of rain. “Fronts will continue to edge slowly east on Thursday.” The topsy-turvy forecast has prompted bookies to slash the odds on record weather this month. Ladbrokes is offering 5/4 from 6/4 on easterly blasts plunging Britain into the coldest March ever. Spokesman Alex Apati said: “There's every chance this goes down as a record-breaking cold March as the odds continue to tumble with the temperatures."  Fluctuating forecasting models forecast a cold start to this week before the weather turns milder and more unsettled. John Hammond, meteorologist for weathertrending, said: “Some computer forecasts suggests that by the end of the week, milder and wetter Atlantic air will have returned. “Others are more bullish that freezing winds will make it to our shores.” “In this scenario the battle between cold Continental winds and mild Atlantic winds could culminate in a brief snowfall for some later in the week.”