Vice President Harris said during an address earlier this week that the world is in “the midst of a turning point” and emphasised the need to transition to green energy. Republicans hit back at her comments, calling them “tone deaf” for failing to recognise the economic struggles many Americans are already facing. Speaking on Fox & Friends First Ms Lahren said: “[Kamala Harris and Pete Buttigieg] think that this repeated talking point of green jobs and green energy is going to do the trick, but it simply will not, and here’s why. “Guess what it takes to make these electric vehicles they are constantly taught? “Well, it takes fossil fuels, and it takes emissions.” Ms Lahren noted that there was a need for greener energy, but that at this time of global crisis pushing for electric cars was not the answer.  She continued: “We have an energy crisis and if we can make it here at home, which we can, that is absolutely what we should be doing. “Like in my home state of South Dakota which is still struggling and suffering from the cancellation of the Keystone XL pipeline, which that energy company TransCanada committed to making net-zero emissions and also creating tens of thousands of jobs not only in South Dakota but around the country where people truly need those jobs. “So to sit there and preach to people how they should just buy electric vehicles, who can’t even afford to buy electric, that is when we have energy sitting right here that is cheap, affordable, it’s not only tone-deaf, but it’s a slap in the face to the American people.”  READ MORE: Angellica Bell inundated with questions on Martin Lewis Money Show Joe Biden announced on Tuesday that the US would ban all Russian oil and gas imports in a bid to force Putin to end the war in Ukraine. President Biden told reporters at the White House that the plan was to target “the main artery of Russia’s economy”, reported Reuters. He said: “We’re banning all imports of Russian oil and gas and energy.  DON'T MISS:How to create a ‘warmer home’ and minimise heat loss this spring [TIPS]Crystals for sleep: The 8 best gems to beat insomnia [INSIGHT]UK teeters on brink of recession if it bans Russian oil [ANALYSIS] “That means Russian oil will no longer be acceptable at US ports and the American people will deal another powerful blow to Putin’s war machine.” The US is far less dependent on Russia for its energy supplies, importing about three percent of its crude oil from there. Europe has been more hesitant to impose these measures given their reliance on Russian gas. Biden added: “We take this step when others cannot, but we’re working closely with Europe and our partners to develop a long-term strategy to reduce their dependence on Russian energy, as well.” 