On April 1, the energy price cap is due to surge by 54 percent with millions of Britons set to feel the effects on their energy bills. However, taking your meter reading ahead of the price hike could help to lessen some of the damage felt by billpayers. Speaking on his podcast on BBC Radio 5 Live, money saving expert Martin Lewis said: "The price rise is on April 1, so if you don’t have a smart meter and you don’t do a meter reading, then what the [energy] firm will do is estimate what proportion of your usage was before April 1 and what proportion of your usage was after April 1 and that will be an estimation and that’s how it’s billed." Comparison website GoCompare adds that taking a meter reading before the new price cap comes into force will ensure you are not "charged at a higher rate". The website advises Britons: "No matter what type of energy meter you have – whether it’s smart or not – take gas and electricity readings on March 31, 2022, and submit them to your energy supplier straight away. READ MORE: What to do if you can't submit your meter reading "If you can’t send your meter readings off immediately, take a photograph showing the meter readings and its serial number so you have evidence of the date you took the readings." Although March 31 has been dubbed "meter reading day", Martin says there is a specific time you should consider taking a reading. He said: “What I’m suggesting everybody does is you take a meter reading preferably Thursday evening.” For people without a smart meter, he recommends taking the reading as late in the day as possible. DON'T MISSCleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks [COMMENT]Property: Most ‘underestimated’ feature to add £27,000 to house value [REPORT]Use cupboard essentials to tackle kitchen grime - baking soda and salt [INSIGHT] For those with a smart meter, Martin suggests still taking a picture of the reading, just in case, there are any disputes. Speaking on ITV's This Morning on March 31, the money saving expert described the energy crisis in the UK as "catastrophic". He said: "[Take your meter reading] today so you know your exact usage of everything that was at the cheaper rate." He also predicted in October Britons are likely to see another 25 percent rise in the price cap. However, as millions of Britons have rushed to upload their meter readings to suppliers, websites have begun to crash. Earlier on Thursday, Eon, EDF, Scottish Power, Shell, British Gas and SSE all experienced technical issues. Justina Miltienyte, head of policy at Uswitch.com, has urged people not to panic and confirmed meter reading uploads will be permitted a little past the deadline. She said: "Try again later today or take a photo of your reading with a date stamp visible in the image as evidence. "Your supplier may offer other ways to submit readings, so have a look at the recent communications they’ve sent you to find further details.” Octopus Energy also shared an update on Twitter, saying there is "no rush". It wrote: "Chat about #MeterReadingDay means loads of people on our variable tariff Flexible Octopus are trying to add readings via phone and our site right now, so both are slower than usual. There’s no rush to add readings.”