Richard Madeley’s joke came after McDonald’s, Starbucks and Coca Cola confirmed they would stop trading in Russia due to the war on Ukraine. McDonald's said it was temporarily closing its 850 restaurants in Russia, while Starbucks also said its 100 coffee shops would shut. However, as Richard discussed the latest news headlines with Susanna Reid on Good Morning Britain, he made a joke about a “no fry zone”. “I also have to say congratulations…the British tabloids get a lot of criticism and stick,” Richard began. “But we do have the finest headline writers in the world I think, and I love the headlines and they are all saying the same thing this morning.” “The McDonald’s story pulling out of Russia, they’re calling a no fry zone,” the host joked. Richard seemed to laugh at his own joke while Susanna seemed less than impressed as she rolled her eyes. READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot? However, Richard’s remark sparked outrage from viewers, and many took to social media to slam the host. Emma tweeted: “So @richardm56 aka Alan Partridge is now making jokes about the war #gmb @GMB #cringe.” (sic)   While Carter added: “As Richard Madeley just made a joke during a war report #GMB.” (sic)   “Richard Madeley is practically salivating as he discusses the war, it’s disgusting,” User @pickle penned.     “When are Good Morning Britain going to see that he is an atrocious presenter, at any time, but especially at the moment #gmb.” (sic) Mr Davies slammed: “Inappropriate Richard Madeley strikes again @GMB #gmb.” “Have a word with yourself Richard #gmb #jokesaboutheadlines,” Stephen criticised. While user @proudgranny said: “Richard Madeley just plain embarrassing.” DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods' Eddie star left 'in tears' for new project [REACTION]Vera's Mark Edwards star on filming struggles for new episodes [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise’s Neville Parker sparks unlikely romance? [SPOILERS]   On Monday, Richard was slammed by GMB viewers over his interview with Ukrainian MP Lesia Vasylenko. The MP, who appeared via video link from the city of Kyiv, initially fled to get her children to safety. However, she soon returned so she could fight against the Russian army. Lesia admitted she had two guns at the house in case she needed to use them.     Although, the host was quickly criticised when he asked the MP whether she could shoot someone if she had to. He asked: “You are a cultured, civilised human being, you’re a democratically elected MP, you’re a mother of three as we said, and you now have an AK47 propped up in the corner and you’re said you’re prepared to use it. “Can I just ask you about that last bit? Are you really capable as the person as I’ve just described, the person looking down a barrel of a rifle and shooting somebody dead?” Richard’s line of questioning angered some GMB viewers, and many called for him to “get off” the programme. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 