Christian Horner claims that he previously held talks with Lewis Hamilton over the possibility of joining forces at Red Bull. The Brit instead opted for Mercedes in a move which, by Horner's own admission, came back to bite his Red Bull team. Having joined the F1 grid in 2007, Hamilton made an immediate impact as he missed out on the Drivers' Championship by a single point. He went one better and claimed the crown the following year, although the four subsequent seasons with McLaren were underwhelming and left him at a crossroads. Eyebrows were raised when the Stevenage-born star was convinced to join Mercedes in 2013, who had finished no better than fourth in the Constructors' Championship since coming back to the sport in 2010. While Hamilton has gone on to enjoy success and dominance with the Silver Arrows, Horner explained to The Daily Mail how things could have been a lot different. READ MORE: McLaren loaned Daniel Ricciardo replacement should F1 driver miss Bahrain GP with Covid "Lewis and I have had a couple of conversations over the years," he admitted. "From 2010 to 2013, he was very keen to come and drive for Red Bull, [but] we had Sebastian [Vettel] at that time and to have had two alpha drivers wouldn't have made sense. "Niki Lauda was at Mercedes and was very keen to take Lewis and I remember encouraging him to take him. "We were fighting McLaren and in 2012, they had the fastest car and we felt that Lewis in a McLaren would be more of a threat than in a Mercedes. "I encouraged Niki to spend the money as Lewis was wavering a little bit. It would be fair to say that backfired on me." By the time Hamilton headed to Mercedes in 2013, Red Bull star Sebastian Vettel was already on a streak of three consecutive world titles, and would go on to win his fourth that season. However, the lifespan of Red Bull's success was just coming to an end and Mercedes, armed with Hamilton and fellow superstar Nico Rosberg, came roaring back. Incredibly, the Brit has won six of his seven world titles with the Silver Arrows, with all of that enviable haul coming in a nine-season span. And he could have added another to the collection if last season's controversial Abu Dhabi finale swung in his favour. Despite the individual heartbreak at Yas Marina which saw Max Verstappen win his first world title, Mercedes continued their unprecdented streak of team dominance with an eighth Constructors' Championship in a row. They may therefore be considered the ideal place for Hamilton to kick on and exact revenge on Verstappen. But the 37-year-old and his new team-mate, George Russell, have both expressed concern with the performance of this year's W13 car which could see the pack shuffled at the business end of the grid.