Mr Biden made the comments during a speech to the 82nd Airborne Division in Rzeszów Poland. The US President appeared to imply US troops would be on the ground in Ukraine as he appeared to highlight what troops should expect  He said: “You’re going to see when you’re there – some of you have been there – you’re going to see women, young people, standing in the middle, in front of a damn tank, saying, ‘I’m not leaving’,” However, the White House was quick to clarify the position of the Biden administration that no US troops were going to be sent to Ukraine. A White House spokesperson told Fox News there had been no change in the administration’s position on the matter. They said: “The president has been clear we are not sending US troops to Ukraine and there is no change in that position.”  It comes after a number of high profile gaffes from the US President, including recently incorrectly telling reporters in a press conference that he had coronavirus. Mr Biden has previously been clear that he wouldn’t send US troops to Ukraine due to fears it could start a third world war. Mr Biden heaped praise on the paratroopers he was speaking to in Poland and thanked them for their duty. He said: “You are the finest fighting force in the world and that's not hyperbole.” READ MORE:Horror as family-of-five leap from high rise building – four dead  “You know, we're a unique country in many ways. And we are the only country, the only country in the world, not organised based on geography, ethnicity, race or anything else. “We're based on idea. We hold these truths to be self-evident that all women and men are created equal. Sounds corny, it's the truth of who we are.” During a meeting with Polish President Andrzej Duda later on Friday, Mr Biden compared the bravery of Ukrainians resisting the Russian invasion with the pro democracy protesters in Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989. The US President made an explicit comparison with the famous “Tank man”, a civilian who stood in front of a People’s Liberation Army tank and talked to soldiers before being pulled away by passers by. DON'T MISS:  'Butcher of Mariupol' demands own soldiers' EARS cut off [REVEAL] Putin in trouble as he is warned: 'Russia can't win in Ukraine' [INSIGHT] German MEP tears into Canadian PM Justin Trudeau in visit to Brussels [SPOTLIGHT]  He said: “When you see a 30-year old woman standing there in front of a tank with a rifle. “I mean, talk about what happened in Tiananmen Square? This is Tiananmen Square, squared.” There have been similar scenes in Ukraine with civilians using their bodies and direct personal appeals to troops in order to attempt to stop them progressing with the invasion. 