Saul Goodman (played by Bob Odenkirk) is on his way back to AMC and Netflix UK next month as fans finally get to see the final steps which led him to become the scheming and quick-witted lawyer Breaking Bad fans grew to love. The sixth and last ever season will mark Odenkirk’s final time donning Saul’s brightly-coloured suits as well as tie up the storylines for Breaking Bad absentees Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) and Nacho Vargo (Michael Mando). Discussing the show and his new book - Comedy, Comedy, Comedy, Drama - on Monday’s BBC Breakfast, he also told Dan Walker and Sally Nugent what’s next in the pipeline. Odenkirk firstly revealed he was in the early stages of preparing for the sequel to action-packed big-screen thriller Nobody. “I think there’s gonna be a sequel,” he said to Dan and Sally. “I’ve gotta be out there again in a few months, not too long, making the sequel.” Walker then took the opportunity to see what else Odenkirk had in the diary ahead of Better Call Saul’s final outing. “I was gonna ask you about that because obviously Better Call Saul, you’ve finished filming it, the final series is gonna be on - what’s next for you other than the other film?” Walker probed. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom stars 'heartbroken' and 'exhausted' as movie wraps The 59-year-old revealed he was teaming up with long-time pal and Mr Show co-star, David Cross. Teasing their next project, Odenkirk replied: “I’m making a show with my friend David Cross. “I did comedy for most of my career, that’s why the book’s called ‘Comedy, Comedy, Comedy, Drama’. “I wanted to warn you that if you just wanna read about Breaking Bad, you’re only gonna read the last 30 pages,” he laughed off as Walker quipped it would still be a good 30 pages. Odenkirk continued: “It’s a comedy project called ‘Guru Nation’. And we’re gonna play gurus, I’m gonna play a Bhagwant niche kinda guy, he’s gonna be a Keith Raniere type guy. “I don’t know if you guys know these references but if you watch The Vow on Netflix you can learn about some of the modern cults in America and we’re gonna make fun of them.” Clearly keen to see it, Walker weighed in: “Well, I’m sure it’s going to be as successful as some of your other stuff.” Elsewhere in the chat with the BBC presenting duo, Odenkirk opened up about the heart “incident” he had on the set of the AMC drama. DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul season 6: Lalo’s survival sealed?Better Call Saul fans ‘rumble’ identity of season 6 mystery manBetter Call Saul season 6 trailer sparks frenzy as Breaking Bad star debuts “Now I believe that you recently had quite a health scare, didn’t you?” Nugent asked as Odenkirk replied: “I did, I had a heart attack - well, it’s called a heart incident technically. “If you’re a heart doctor, you’d say, ‘No, no, Bob - you had a heart incident’.” He continued: “Who knows? I stopped breathing. My heart stopped because it got blocked by plaque in the widow maker artery. “I would’ve died if my cast members weren’t 10 feet away watching me go down.” A stunned Nugent was then taken aback to hear it was on the set of Better Call Saul where Odenkirk suffered the incident. “I was on the set of Better Call Saul of our finale season which took almost a year to shoot. “It was 13 episodes and it took a long time to make,” Odenkirk added before quipping: “I slowed us down with the heart attack. “I took a five-week break after that, but I had surgery the next morning, they went in my wrist and put two stents in,” he added but assured the hosts: “I’m in good shape.” Better Call Saul season 6 premieres on AMC in the USA on April 18 and Netflix in the UK the following day.