At the beginning of April, rebated diesel, or red diesel, and rebated biofuels will no longer be authorised for use as they are currently. Expert Clive Holland believes a delay is needed for the law change to help businesses prepare for the changes, which he described as a “tax on tax”. The change is being made to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, by increasing the tax on the fuel to reflect the impact of the emissions, promote energy efficiency and to promote the use of cleaner fuel alternatives. Clive Holland, TV and radio presenter and spokesperson for Fix Radio, said the ban on red diesel would have far-reaching consequences on numerous sectors. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “It’s a real vicious circle at the moment and I just wish I could just talk to the Government and say ‘can we just stop and think?’. “They say these things and it becomes rhetoric and that rhetoric becomes reality and it just bothers me that we’re [construction] the first industry that's taking the hit. READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ “If it gets to farm vehicles, you can definitely see the price of your produce going right through the roof, that’s for sure. “If they could delay it for a year, it would give the industries a proper heads up. It alerts everyone. “If it was phased in over the next 12 months then it would be your fault if your business hasn't planned for that.” The move has been a source of concern among UK businesses and, in particular sectors that heavily rely on machinery such as construction, due to the expenses that investing on energy efficient alternatives will incur. DON'T MISSHow motorists can save on fuel costs by driving with a bowl of water [INSIGHT]New red diesel rule is a 'cash grab' with law change weeks away [SHOCKING]Major diesel changes are an 'absolute mess' with ban just weeks away [WARNING] Operating costs are expected to rise by around 15 percent, with companies facing additional fuel expenses of between £100,000 and £400,000 per year – according to research commissioned by Resource Management Association Scotland (RMAS). CPS Fuels found the switch from red to white diesel alone will bring an additional expense of 46.81 pence per litre used, resulting in five times as much duty rate as before. Mr Holland continued, saying: “We can’t afford to just down tools and do physical protests, we’ve got work to do. At the minute we’ve got to have a proper alternative in place. “I think they’ll use this as a barometer. They’ll think ‘we’ve used this with the builders, then the farmers, then the hospitals’. “They won't be able to have backup generators, because they’re driven by red diesel. All this will add up to extra costs, they just want to be seen as if they're doing something. “It's all just posturing. It's all smoke and mirrors. We all want to help to repair the climate. “Our alternative to red diesel is white diesel where you’ve still got the carbon dioxide-wise, but at the same time you're paying way more for it. “You've got the levy that goes onto the fuel and on top of the fuel you’ve got 20 percent VAT. “Tax on tax. It just doesn't make sense.” There are also fears that businesses are facing massive price hikes before the ban as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. It has been reported that some farmers have been charged as much as 130p per litre, almost double what they would have paid as recently as mid-February. Many fuel suppliers have now suspended quoting completely because prices are rising so quickly. They are seeing massive differences in price between the price at the time of order and delivery seven days later, according to Farmers Weekly.