The impact of the crisis on prices was laid bare this morning as oil was pushed over $130 (£98.8) a barrel following warnings a ban on Russian energy exports could be on the cards. Research consultancy Pantheon Macroeconomics said the invasion had forced it to make "large revisions" to both inflation and GDP forecasts. According to the group the current price of oil suggests petrol prices at the pumps could reach as high as £1.80 by the end of March. As a result Pantheon Macroeconomics has increased its forecast for inflation in April from 7.6 percent to eight percent.  More worryingly the group said it had made "much bigger revisions" in the second half of the year with inflation now predicted to reach an average rate of 7.6 percent, compared to 5.4 percent previously. For October, when Ofgem's energy price cap will next be raised, inflation is now predicted to potentially match April's figure of eight percent. The findings serve as a further blow to households already bracing for a year of strained finances from inflation and increases in tax and National Insurance. In the report economists at Pantheon Macroeconomics noted households would have a "tough year to get through", adding: "The higher outlook for CPI inflation suggests that households' real disposable income will drop by about two percent this year, the most since records begin in 1948."  Predictions now suggest Ofgem's energy price cap could go as high as £3000 in October, more than double the £1,277 paid by a typical user at the start of the year. As well as households, inflation is posing major problems for businesses with many struggling with higher operating costs. The British Chambers of Commerce have pointed to a "cost-of-doing-business crisis" with a fall in investment predicted as budgets are strained. Concern is also growing that inflation will become more embedded as businesses put up prices to pass on the costs, creating so-called second round effects.  Although the UK is less reliant on Russia for its energy, the impact of disruption to supply stands to push up wholesale prices globally as countries scramble to find alternate sources. With the Eurozone receiving around 40 percent of its natural gas from Russia the idea of an embargo on Russian imports by the US and Europe would have major economic repercussions for them. Susannah Streeter, senior investment and markets analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, commented: "(An energy export ban) would would have a ricochet effect on their economies, with a supply squeeze on global markets, pushing up prices for industries across the board and making the cost of living crisis even more painful. "This piles pressure on central bank policymakers, who are faced with the increasingly difficult tightrope to tread of trying to bring down inflation by raising rates, which will make overall costs more unbearable, potentially tipping economies back into a downturn."   DON'T MISS: Octopus Energy announce £50 saving for customers [SPOTLIGHT] Ruble in freefall as Russian currency 'finds another cliff to fall off [LATEST] Energy price hike warning: £3000 cap and more frequent hikes possible [ANALYSIS] Factoring in this pressure, Pantheon Macroeconomics predict the Bank of England will raise interest rates by 0.25 percentage points at its next two meetings before taking an extended break with a year end forecast of interest rates at one percent. The group has also revised its GDP growth forecasts for the year down from 4.2 percent to 3.6 percent as spending in the economy is dented by the cost of living crisis. Such a situation is not unique to the UK though with Germany's central bank the Bundesbank recently warning of an impending recession this year. Europe's largest economy already experienced a decline in GDP in the last quarter and is itself grappling with soaring inflation, as well as heavy exposure to Russian energy markets. Capital Economics, another consultancy, have revised their forecasts for Eurozone GDP down by nearly one percent due to the impact of the Ukraine conflict and sanctions. 