While Ian Wright might be keen for Arsenal to take advantage of his tip and make a move for Tammy Abraham, Chelsea have the ability to block such a deal. Abraham has thrived since joining Roma from the Blues last summer, scoring 23 goals in all competitions. He now holds the record for scoring the most goals in a debut season with the Serie A giants. Those strikes also earned him a call-up to the England squad for this week's international break, before he was forced to pull out with injury. Abraham's form also attracted the eye of Wright, who is the second-highest scorer in Arsenal's history. The Gunners will be looking to bring in a new striker in the summer window, with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah set to leave. And Wright stated his belief that Abraham should be at the top of their shortlist earlier this week. Arsenal failed in an attempt to sign him last summer, but Wright has tipped his former club to return for the Roma star. READ MORE: Arsenal face £100m transfer fee' to sign striker that Ian Wright loves “Tammy Abraham. The king of Rome. The way Tammy has gone over there, he’s lit it up. I remember his first game. He was magnificent from the off. Everything that’s going on around him, it just feels like he’s that guy," he said on his podcast Wrighty's House. "Tammy has the hunger to finish the chances that Arsenal are not finishing right now. They are making chances but someone is not in there taking them. Tammy is at that stage now where he would be in there gobbling all that up." DON'T MISS: Chelsea shown exactly what they're missing as Abraham breaks record (INSIGHT)Chelsea may have made £223m transfer mistake leaving Tuchel a problem (ANALYSIS)Arsenal rebel Nketiah has Chelsea example before making final call (TRANSFERS) While Wright may be pushing Arsenal to make a move for the 24-year-old, Chelsea still have a part to play despite allowing him to leave. Their move to replace Abraham with Romelu Lukaku has not worked out, and Roma confirmed last month that the Blues possess a clause that would allow them to bring him back to Stamford Bridge. “It’s true, that clause does exist, but we are not worried. It’s only valid from 2023, but I am not concerned. I am happy because he is playing well and can get even better,” Roma's general manager Tiago Pinto said.