The Ukrainian President was last reported to be in hiding but still in the nation’s capital after refusing to flee the country. On Monday he emerged from his secret hiding spot to return to the Presidential Palace.  In the video, the President said: “Here is Kyiv in the evening. Our office. Monday evening. “You know we get used to saying Monday is a tough day. “We have a war in the country, so every day is Monday. I stay here in Kyiv at Bankova Street.”  He defiantly declared: “I don’t hide, and I am not afraid of anyone. “I will stay as long as it is necessary to win in our patriotic war.” Since February 24th, Mr Zelensky’s location has been a secret due to security concerns after three assassination attempts in one week. Russian and Chechen mercenaries had been sent to assassinate the President but the attempts were foiled due to double agents within Russia’s Federal Security Service who alerted Ukrainian officials. The President’s wife, Olena Zelensky and his two children aged 17 and nine are also in hiding separate from him. READ MORE:Russia soldier warns Putin he 'cannot win' as he exposes Moscow lies In a televised speech a week ago, the President announced that he was Russia’s “number one target” and his family are “number two”. Mr Zelensky could be seen in an interview fighting back tears after being separated from his family saying “no, no, I can’t” in response to being asked if he had seen them. On Monday, the President spoke to David Muir on ABC news from the Presidential offices in Kyiv. He warned that the invasion of Ukraine is just the beginning saying: “We will come first. You will come second. “The more this beast will eat, he wants more, more, and more.” DON'T MISS:‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence (REACTION)UK, Aus and US fast-track nuclear plans in huge show of force (REVEAL)What to do if someone parks in front of your driveway (INSIGHT)  Mr Zelensky called for protection from other nations saying that “when the limits of rights and freedoms are being violated and stepped on then you have to protect us”. He added: “Today, war is here. Tomorrow, it will be in Lithuania, then in Poland, then in Germany. This is serious.” Zelensky implored that President Biden imposed a no-fly zone despite the threat of a larger war with the NATO member states and nuclear warfare. He flattered American troops saying that “no doubt” the “brave American soldiers” would be willing to help. He accused Putin and “all people who came to our land, all people who gave those orders, all soldiers who were shooting” were guilty of war crimes. He concluded that he hoped for “the end to be like in the Hollywood movies, the happy end for our country.” 