Russian President Vladimir Putin put his nuclear forces on high alert on Sunday, after complaining of “aggressive statements” over Ukraine by NATO leaders. While the prospect of nuclear war is unlikely, Russia is still one of the world’s foremost nuclear powers. How much damage could a nuclear bomb do? Nuclear weapons harness the forces that hold the nucleus of an atom together by using the energy released when the particles of the nucleus - neutrons and protons - are either split or merged. There are two types of nuclear energy - nuclear fission and nuclear fusion. Nuclear fission is when the nucleus of an atom is split into two smaller fragments by a neutron. Nuclear fusion is when two smaller atoms are brought together - usually hydrogen or hydrogen isotopes - to form a larger one; this is how the sun produces energy. READ MORE: Ex-US VP Quayle warns of dire consequences 'We're on brink of WW3!' We have seen two instances in history of what can happen when a nuclear bomb is dropped - Hiroshima and Nagasaki - both of which happened at the end of World War 2. According to the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament, the heart of a nuclear explosion reaches a temperature of several million degrees centigrade. The group explained: “Over a wide area, the resulting heat flash literally vaporises all human tissue. “People inside buildings or otherwise shielded will be indirectly killed by the blast and heat effects, as buildings collapse and all inflammable materials burst into flames. “Those in underground shelters who survive the initial heat flash will die as all the oxygen is sucked out of the atmosphere. “Outside the area of total destruction there will be a gradually increasing percentage of immediate survivors. “However most of these will suffer from fatal burns, will be blinded, bleeding and suffering massive internal injuries. “Survivors will be affected within a matter of days by radioactive fall-out.” DON'T MISSPutin will press nuclear button 'Doesn't really like Russians' [ANALYSIS]Ex-national security advisor warns Putin could use nuclear weapons [NEWS]Putin nuclear fears as UK given just 20 minutes to react to missiles [LATEST] The group also explained that the effects are not just immediate, but will likely continue for decades to come. “Radiation-induced cancers will affect many, often over 20 years later.” The first nuclear bomb was built in the US during World War 2. It was used on August 6, 1945, and dropped on Hiroshima in Japan by USA forces. The blast had the force of more than 15,000 tonnes of TNT. It immediately destroyed an area of 11.4 square kilometres and killed approximately 70,000 people instantly. It also destroyed more than 67 percent of the city’s structures and buildings. A second bomb was dropped on Nagasaki just days later on August 9, 1945. It killed 39,000 people and destroyed 40 percent of the city.