Damian Hurley has taken to Instagram to share an emotional post to late cricketer Shane Warne, following his death yesterday. The son of actress Liz Hurley, 19, who was engaged to the sportsman for three years, told of his heartbreak at Shane's death, adding that he saw the cricketer as a father figure as he penned an emotional tribute to the sportsman. In view of his 130,000 followers, Liz's son told of his heartbreak at losing the Australian cricketer. Damian wrote: "I’m still trying to wrap my head around this… "SW was a father figure to me for most of my formative years and was truly one the best men I’ve ever known. "My heart is broken. READ MORE: A Place In The Sun's Laura Hamilton forced to move again after split "Thinking of and sending love to all SW’s family," he ended his post. The model shared a series of snaps with the sportsman from throughout his childhood. In one, Damian, Liz and Shane could be seen enjoying Christmas day while wearing festive paper hats. Another picture showed Damian and Shane both looking smart while dressed in black-tie attire. The last snap showed a younger-looking Damian affectionately hugging Shane around the neck. Following his post, the star was soon inundated with messages of support from his celebrity friends. Damian's tribute to the sportsman comes after his mother Liz broke her silence on the death of her former fiance earlier today. Taking to Instagram, she wrote in view of her 2.3 million followers: “I feel like the sun has gone behind a cloud forever. DON'T MISS... Ulrika Jonsson blasts Strictly's Kristina Rihanoff over war post [UPDATE]Oti Mabuse shares an emotional farewell to co-star after Strictly exit [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan says Shane Warne needs knighthood as he slams Williamson [ANALYSIS] “RIP my beloved Lionheart @shanewarne23.” Alongside her poignant words, Liz posted throwback pictures of her and Shane to document their relationship. In one photo, the star planted a kiss on the cricketer’s lips while relaxing at the beach. Another picture showed Shane cuddling an adorable lamb on a farm, while Liz pouted towards the baby animal. Other snaps featured Liz and Shane looking loved-up whilst attending star-studded events together. Shane died of a suspected heart attack at the age of 52, with his death confirmed yesterday in a statement from his management. They said that he had been found unresponsive in his villa on the Thai island of Koh Samui. The statement read: "Shane was found unresponsive in his villa and despite the best efforts of medical staff, he could not be revived."