Gordon Ramsay is a British chef best known for his cooking shows, such as Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares USA and Hell's Kitchen. However, his restaurants are also acclaimed worldwide and have been awarded many Michelin stars. The celebrity chef revealed he lost exactly 3st 8lb by eating more meals than he used to. He explained: “I’m very good at eating five times a day, but small amounts as opposed to big breakfast, big lunch and big dinner. “There’s nothing worse than eating dinner at 5:30 and then having to get up and cook for three hours. “I like to keep on my toes and eat small bits. READ MORE: Dr Michael Mosley shares how to burn calories by standing up more "Almost like in Hong Kong - four or five times a day, small bowls of food.” Gordon also increased his water intake: "Take a couple of glasses before you eat. "It just stops you eating a third more. "You feel better but eat less," he recommended.  By eating small and regular meals, as well as following a balanced and varied diet, the chef managed to lose four stone. Jorge Cruise, author of The Three-Hour Diet, backed this plan and explained when you don't eat often enough, your body goes into "starvation protection" mode. This means the body starts to store fat instead of burning it for energy. The nutritionist explained that by eating every three hours, dieters reset their metabolism burning fat all day. Gordon had previously talked about how being 18 stone affected his confidence. He explained he decided to change his lifestyle habits and lose weight for his wife Tana who is also a cookery book author and broadcaster. The chef said: "Tana was not impressed with the way I was. "I was overweight, 18 stone. "I didn't have a figure. I didn't feel that good. "I look at the pictures and think, 'How did Tana stay around?' Because Tana has got better looking and more gorgeous. "And there she is, getting in bed with a fat f**k. “It was painful. I used to look at myself in the mirror and think, ‘Holy s****!’ So it was a big wake-up call,” he explained.