Daniel Ricciardo has no desire for asking for a long-term F1 contract like team-mate Lando Norris or Max Verstappen. Ricciardo has previously revealed he signed a three-year deal with McLaren at the start of last season, keeping the Australian at the British team until at least 2023. However, team-mate Norris recently signed an £80million contract to keep him with the squad for another four years. Meanwhile, Verstappen signed a five-year extension ahead of the new season. The deal is estimated at around £41.8million ($55m) per year to keep him at Red Bull until 2028. When asked if Riccardo wanted a long-term deal like his rivals, Ricciardo simply replied “not at all”. Speaking to RacingNews365, Ricardo claimed he was at a “different stage” in his career and did not crave any longer-term agreement. He said: "Obviously not to get ahead of myself, but I'm not looking for that, like, five-year security or anything. READ MORE: Martin Brundle 'fears' for two F1 teams ahead of Saudi Arabian GP “I think looking ahead, [at] the end of next year, I'll be approaching like 34, 35, so mid-30s. I think to kind of lock in something really long-term now... it might be something that I get to the midpoint of this year, and I'm like, 'Yeah, I want to attach another three years onto this'. "But let's say, when I signed the three-year deal, that seemed like a good length to give me, with the kind of security and comfort I needed. The five-year contracts, for someone the age of Lando or Max, I totally get it. I'm not craving that long-term thing." Ricciardo left Red Bull in 2018 after just a year and a half alongside new team-mate Max Verstappen. He won seven races with the squad before a move to Enstone’s Renault team and then later McLaren. DON'T MISSLando Norris details McLaren's biggest problem with worrying admission [INSIGHT]Norris raises big McLaren concerns that could derail entire season [ANALYSIS]Christian Horner makes George Russell and Daniel Ricciardo link [COMMENT] Despite Red Bull delivering Verstappen a championship-winning car last season, Ricciardo has previously claimed he has no regrets about leaving the team. He told ESPN at the end of last season: “I don't have any [regrets]. People probably thought 'I wonder what Daniel thought this year, would he also have been fighting for a championship?' "Up until right now I haven't actually thought about that. I think it's hard to answer in a way that... the easiest way to say it is, I really did, and not in a negative way, I detached myself from it. "Once I closed the book with Red Bull I really tried to put all my energy into the next part. I really didn't have any over-hanging, like, what could've, what should've."