Good Morning Britain guest host Rob Rinder has weighed in on Piers Morgan's exit from the hit ITV news show, branding it "lucrative". Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the Judge Rinder star, 43, candidly discussed the Uncensored TalkTV show host's new presenting role, as well as his own role as brand ambassador for Fletchers Solicitors and Patient Claim Line. When asked how he landed the presenting stint alongside his close friend Susanna Reid, the star shared his thoughts on Piers' exit. Rob said: "Obviously, once Piers moved to pastures new and more lucrative they looked around and thought that I might be a good person to sit next to Susanna. "And what greater joy could there be, then to discover that they were entirely right." Rob and several other famous faces including Richard Madeley and Adil Ray joined the GMB panel in March 2021 following Piers' exit. READ MORE: Amanda Holden, 51, dons thigh-high dress alongside Catherine Tate However, when asked whether he had any worries about filling the former newspaper editor's shoes, the barrister insisted that he didn't. "Not really, I mean, lots of people have opinions on Piers, but people who actually know him will tell you," Rob said before cutting himself off. He continued: "The reason he continues to survive in this business that's full of sharks is because he's - there's a lovely Yiddish word - he's a Mensch. "He's the type of friend and person that you absolutely want in your corner," Rob added. The term is defined as "a person of integrity and honour". The legal expert went on: "You will really struggle privately to find somebody who's got anything unkind to say about Piers, who really knows him. "It says a great deal, actually, you know, he says it and calls it like he says it," he added. Speaking about his presenting responsibilities on GMB, Rob told how he had his own hosting style. DON'T MISS... Meghan's move poses 'problem' amid sister Samantha Markle's woes [INSIGHT]Anne Hegerty pulls out of Beat the Chasers as she names replacement [ANALYSIS]The Chase's Mark Labbett sparks frenzy as he teases 'big surprise' [UPDATE] He said: "I'm not consciously thinking about trying to be a Piers, I'm trying to sort of consciously determine how we can be our authentic selves with each other in our way. "If I went on trying to be Piers, it wouldn't go well!" he exclaimed. Rob went on: "Or if he came on Judge Rinder trying to be me, you know, we have different approaches, but the same kind of fundamental principles, which is holding power to account. "And often Piers and I will agree, sometimes we'll disagree. And he might call it out in a different way. "But, you know, our core of what we share is holding power to account," he explained. The Judge Rinder star also spoke about his work with Patient Claim Line to investigate what happens when a medical negligence claim is made against the NHS and how it can improve processes for other patients. Speaking about the process of making a claim, Rob said: "It's about our shared provider, making sure and ensuring that it delivers best practice. "And when it falls dangerously short, not just ensuring the NHS is held to account, but that the individual is properly remunerated for their injury to be sure, but also to protect, to serve and to defend the NHS to make sure it keeps its standards up." You can contact Patient Claim Line here.