Countryfile’s Matt Baker, 44, was recently angered when asked to throw out some of his childhood possessions by his mother, who had found them in the family home. He refused as the BBC star said throwing away his old toys would be “like throwing away a part of me.” In an unearthed interview, the television presenter said he has a hard time throwing things away, even if his family ask him to. He said it’s especially hard to do so if the items hold sentimental value. He also said he felt a “connection” to some of his possessions. When asked to describe what his teenage bedroom was like, the former One Show presenter told The Times: “Model aeroplanes hanging from the ceiling, Street Hawk [1980s TV show] quilt cover and wallpaper. READ MORE: Coronation Street rocked as resident given heartbreaking diagnosis? He added in the chat in December: “I had the airing cupboard in my room — which was great for hardening conkers — and another massive cupboard stuffed with every toy that I’d ever been bought. “I hate getting rid of stuff, even today. “I had a call from my mum recently and she’d found some of my old toys. “She wanted to throw them out.” His response was a flat out refusal. “No way!” He hit back at the wasteful “disposable culture” of today. “I hate this disposable culture we’ve created. DON’T MISS: Alex Beresford reacts to 'livid' ITV co-star Charlene White [LATEST]Gemma Atkinson narrowly avoids serious wardrobe malfunction [UPDATE]'Sad dogs' Dawn French admits challenges with body as she's got older [COMMENT] “I have a connection with those toys. “I have memories. “Why would I want to get rid of them? “It’s like throwing away a part of me.” After nine years on The One Show, Matt revealed why he left in an interview with The Yorkshire Post last year. The former Blue Peter presenter explained: “When you get to a certain point in your life you start reflecting. "I’d had that period in my life when I was so busy with The One Show – which was fantastic – but then you suddenly realise what makes you. "The countryside has made me who I am.” He laughed and said: "There’s only ever been six months in my life when I haven’t had a flock of sheep.”