The boy, aged 13, sustained non-life-threatening wounds to his torso. He was taken to hospital nearby, where he continues to receive treatment. Five children, between the ages of 15 and 12, have been arrested in connection with the incident, which took place in the seaside town of Worthing on Sunday afternoon. They remain in custody for questioning. Sussex Police have searched the area and are continuing to investigate the incident. A spokesperson for Sussex Police said: "We have warned that youth violence will not be tolerated, after five children were arrested in connection with a stabbing in Worthing. "Detectives are continuing to investigate the incident which happened in Chapel Road, close to Liverpool Road, around 4.45pm on Sunday. "Armed officers responded to the scene and five youths have been arrested. "Searches of the area, including the use of a police drone in Liverpool Gardens, have also taken place. "A 13-year-old boy sustained wounds to his torso. "He was taken to hospital, where he continues to receive treatment for injuries which are thankfully not life-threatening." While Chief Inspector Sarah Leadbeatter, District Commander for Adur and Worthing, described the incident as "isolated", she said that "tackling youth violence" is a "priority". She said: "As a parent and mother, I completely understand why the local community are so concerned by yesterday’s incident. "While we are treating this as an isolated incident, I am well aware of the recent reports of youth violence, antisocial behaviour and criminal damage in the Worthing area. "The behaviour we have seen amongst a small minority of young people in the community is deeply concerning but tackling youth violence remains my priority and my team and I will retain our robust approach to how we tackle this completely unacceptable behaviour and ensure those committing these acts are held to account for their actions. "I would however ask that people do not speculate or share names of young people across social media channels because this can severely hinder our investigation. "Where people have witnessed or captured the incident on CCTV or mobile phone, I would urge you to report it online or call 101. "Whilst the investigation continues, there will be a continued high visibility police presence in and around Worthing town centre over the coming days. "Rest assured, we will continue to work in partnership with other agencies and the local community to reduce violence amongst young people." According to Sussex Police, a 14-year-old boy from Worthing was arrested on suspicion of committing grievous bodily harm with intent. A 15-year-old boy from Worthing was arrested on suspicion of committing grievous bodily harm with intent. A 14-year-old boy from Littlehampton was arrested on suspicion of committing grievous bodily harm with intent and possession of an offensive weapon (a knife) in public. A 13-year-old boy from Littlehampton was arrested on suspicion of attempted wounding with intent. A 12-year-old boy from Worthing was arrested on suspicion of committing grievous bodily harm with intent. 