Christopher Nkunku would love to join Manchester United this summer according to reports, with Ralf Rangnick keen to bring the RB Leipzig forward to Old Trafford and urging the club's board to bring him in. The France under-21 international has been one of the best attackers in Europe this season with a sublime 25 goals and 13 assists in 36 appearances, despite spreading his minutes across several positions. Only Ajax's Sebastien Haller, Bayern Munich's Robert Lewandowski and Liverpool's Mohamed Salah have scored more Champions League goals than Nkunku this season, who has seven, though that did not prevent Leipzig from dropping out in the group stage. The versatile Nkunku has played all across the front line as a left-sided and right-sided midfielder as well as a No 10 and as a striker in a front two. And Rangnick, who knows the player well from his time at Leipzig having made Nkunku his first signing at the Red Bull Arena in 2019, wants him at United in light of his sublime form. MUST READ: Pochettino 'wants Tottenham return' as Man Utd dealt next manager blow That's according to the Daily Star who say that the German is eager to reunite with the former Paris Saint-Germain talent this summer. It's claimed interim manager Rangnick is pushing the club's hierarchy to swoop for Nkunku and also that United have been scouting the 24-year-old as per his recommendation. United representatives were present to watch the forward score Leipzig's winner in the 1-0 Bundesliga win away at Bochum at the end of February. And the player would apparently be eager to make the move to United were they to firm up their interest. DON'T MISS: Ten Hag 'agreement' emerges as Manchester United explore appointment Nkunku has a £62million release clause in his contract and signing him at that price would make him United's sixth most expensive signing ever. But the Red Devils are in need of new attackers with Jesse Lingard and Edinson Cavani both leaving at the end of the season, and the futures of Anthony Martial, Cristiano Ronaldo and Mason Greenwood unclear. Even if Ronaldo stays, he will turn 38 next season and other than him, United only have Jadon Sancho, Marcus Rashford and Anthony Elanga as senior options next season, dependent on what happens with Greenwood. Rangnick admitted last month when asked if United need a new frontman: "This is obvious. "Edinson's contract is running out in the summer and the club needs the best possible centre-forward. I think everyone is aware of that." United are also seeking a new long-term manager with Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag thought to be among the club's leading choices for the job. Asked if he'd like to take the role permanently, Rangnick said: "I haven't made any thoughts about that because my focus is on Sunday and then on Tottenham and then Atletico. "There is no time for me to think about that." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here