Last year chancellor Rishi Sunak “slashed” the Universal Credit taper rate which could see people that may have previously been denied the benefit now eligible. Now, an estimated 1.3 million people may be missing out on Universal Credit worth up to £7,300 a year. The rule change was announced in the Autumn Budget last year and was implemented by the end of November. Senior personal finance editor at money.co.uk, James Andrews, commented: “In November, Rishi Sunak slashed the Universal Credit taper rate, the mechanism that sees your benefits reduced or withdrawn as your earnings rise. “As a result, thousands of people who previously earned too much to be able to claim benefits now qualify for the benefit.” The taper rate essentially takes away a certain amount of benefit payments for each £1 recipients earn over their work allowance. READ MORE: Universal Credit claimants urged to claim other benefits and freebies worth thousands Previously, the rate was 63 percent, meaning for each £1 over the work allowance one earned they would lose 63p of their benefits. Now, the rate has dropped to 55 percent. In percentage terms this may not seem like a big drop, it will enable Universal Credit recipients to earn hundreds more before their benefit payments drop to £0. The taper rate is automatically applied and deducted from eligible Universal Credit recipients. Universal Credit payments do not automatically stop when claimants start work or work for more than a set amount of hours per week. Instead, the more they earn the lower their benefits payments become. This can provide much needed security for Britons who find themselves with temporary or seasonal jobs as they will not have to make a new claim to fill in any income gaps as they move in and out of work. Some claimants are eligible for work allowance if either they or their partner are responsible for a child or have a limited capability for work. Additionally, the work allowances themselves have also increased, as Mr Andrews shared: “Under the new rules, a single parent with two children and rental bills of £750, could earn up to £52,000 a year and still qualify, compared to £44,500 previously.” Combined, these changes will see Universal Credit claimants being able to earn more without losing their benefits and make more Britons eligible for the payments. Many experts have urged Britons to check their eligibility in light of these changes, including Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis. On a special edition of the Martin Lewis Money Show on ITV, Mr Lewis shared: “It’s a tough time for many people’s pockets as we know, yet up to seven million of you are missing out on benefits and state help that you are entitled to. “And don’t think ‘it’s not me’, the benefits web can stretch as high as some people with £50,000 of family income.” He concluded: “If you have a total family income of below £30,000, I would absolutely spend time to check if you’re eligible for Universal Credit.” Mr Lewis added that Britons who have previously applied but were denied could now be eligible as the rule change has made an estimated 600,000 more people eligible. Next month, many DWP benefits and payments like state pension, including Universal Credit, will be rising by 3.1 percent. This was also announced last year in order to help benefit payments remain competitive alongside ever-increasing inflation.