Weather maps and charts show that, at a maximum, people living in the UK could see nearly 20C highs. The week started at about 6C on Monday morning, with the sun occasionally peeking out from behind cloud cover and boosting the temperature to 17C. Over Tuesday and Wednesday, chillier starts will eventually make way for the hottest days of the year. On March 22, a cloudless night will usher in a cold morning of 4C, feeling more like winter. But by the early afternoon, summer will arrive, as temperatures surge by 15C to 19C. Wednesday, March 23, starts even colder with 3C, and ends on 19C again after leaping 16C within five hours. For the rest of the week, daily highs will stick between 16C and 18C, providing an idyllic first official weekend of spring, which started with the equinox today. READ MORE: Spain weather: 12 holiday hotspots to be hit by torrential conditions Weather maps from WXCharts show that temperatures will average 16C over the next week. After that, winter will make a sudden and severe return, with the mercury plummeting to its lowest of 2022. Following a day of mid-teen temperatures on March 27, March 28 will roll a bitter chill in from the north. Towards the end of the day, around 6pm, WXCharts expected Scotland to freeze in 0C lows. By Tuesday, March 29, temperatures will decline even further to -1C and -2C, down to -4C in the Highlands. At this point, the mercury will decrease to 0C in Manchester and roughly 4C in the south. From 6am on Wednesday, March 30, WXCharts has warned people to expect 0C and below across the entire country. In the southeast and southwest, temperatures could range between 0C and -2C. Further north from Yorkshire up to Scotland, it could plummet as low as -8C. Forecasters expected the brisk snap would linger for another day before quickly departing. By Friday, April 1, more seasonal 12C highs should move back in across the south, while the north remained between 4C and 8C. Although much further ahead, the forecast points to a hot snap just days later. From April 2, the weather will start to warm up again, mirroring conditions people can look forward to this week. Most of the southeast and parts of the Midlands up to Birmingham could see their temperatures surge back to 16C. And one day later, a plume of heat from Europe will set the UK's east coast alight. On April 4, WXCharts showed that system producing the highest temperatures of the year at 20C and above from London to Newcastle.