On Tuesday, Prince Andrew, the Duke of York, made his first public appearance since settling his US sex abuse case. He appeared at the memorial held for his father, the late Duke of Edinburgh, Prince Philip, who died at the age of 99 in April 2021. The Loose Women panel all gave their verdicts on what they thought about Prince Andrew being the centre of attention at the memorial, with Janet claiming the Queen has sent a strong message regarding her son. She explained: "It would have been a tough day for her. I think in terms of the image that it sends, the message that it sends across to the rest of us. "I suppose what it says is he is her favourite son, everybody knows that. It’s been reported many, many times. "I just think it was a bit unfortunate. But obviously, it’s her choice." Janet added she felt the Royal Family "needs to think again how to be relevant and how to move forward". "I think the images of Andrew with the Queen do send a message that some people will find hard to take," she said. Janet went on to explain the Dean of Westminster was supposed to take the Queen to her seat from her car: "But Andrew went to Windsor Castle, met the Queen and then they changed cars at Buckingham Palace, so he went with her every step of the way." Prince Andrew has reportedly been visiting the Queen on a daily basis, with Janet emphasising not only do they have a "close relationship but he’s been there for her". Panellist Linda Robson replied to Janet's remarks and said the Queen was "a woman mourning her husband, and she wanted her son to be there". "Whether it was Andrew, or whether it was Edward or it was Charles, unfortunately, it was Andrew, maybe Charles should have been the one that walked her to her seat," she commented. Touching on how Queen Elizabeth "looked quite frail," Linda added: "She must be thinking, that’s what I want. It’s her choice. If she wants Andrew to walk her there, let him walk her there." However, Janet said she found it a "shame" that the memorial of Prince Philip ended up "boiling down to whether Prince Andrew should have taken her to her seat or not". Queen Elizabeth entered her husband's memorial service holding onto Andrew's arm, despite the belief the palace and her senior aides would want her to distance herself from Andrew. DON'T MISS...Fragile Queen Mother 'insisted' on attending Margaret's funeral [INSIGHT]Queen and Prince Charles mark painful anniversary [LATEST]Prince Andrew had ‘every right’ to be with Queen at Philip’s memorial [WATCH] His entrance with the Queen at the memorial was a public display of support for his mother, whilst he grieved with the rest of his family. The Queen paid tribute to her late husband by wearing a special shade of green, sending a subtle nod to his official livery. "Edinburgh Green" references the shade that has been used for staff uniforms and private cars. A green Land Rover was used to carry Prince Philip's coffin at his funeral, which took place on April 17 of last year. During the sized down funeral, due to Covid-19 restrictions, Her Majesty placed a special wreath atop Prince Philip's coffin, which carried a sweet note. Her message to the Duke read: "In loving memory, Elizabeth." Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV.