Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge has taken on an increasing number of duties over recent years, winning over the British and international public with the way she approaches her role. Author Tom Quinn suggested a photograph taken of her at the funeral of the Duke of Edinburgh in 2021 showed the Duchess had grown "more regal" than the Royal Family. Speaking to Channel 5’s Royal documentary, Kate: Our Queen in Waiting, Mr Quinn said: "An elegant Katherine Walker dress coat with the bow on the shoulder, the netting in the hair and the incredibly glossy hair.  “She has a kind of poise, almost a stillness, so I think all the focus, without her really trying was on her. “She almost looked more regal than the Royal Family." Speaking of her poise, Mr Quinn added: “What a paradox that was, especially seeing as she wasn’t born into it”. Royal expert Emily Andrews pointed out that Kate wears a pair of earrings at the funeral “permanently leant” to her by our present Queen. READ MORE: William mocks photographers in Belize 'you're in the pictures' as Kate dazzled by temple Ms Andrews said: “Pearls and diamonds are the traditional jewellery worn in mourning." Kate was born into an upper-middle-class family and is the first child of three for Michael and Carole Middleton. She has two younger siblings,  sister Phillipa, also known as “Pippa”, and brother James. Catherine’s father was born into a wealthy Yorkshire family with ties to the British aristocracy. READ MORE: Kate dazzles in 'fantastic' new pictures as Duchess takes 'spectacular' trip with William The future Duchess of Cambridge met William while studying at St. Andrew’s University in Scotland between 2001 and 2005. The couple took a break from each other for a few months but their romance was quickly rekindled and they have been inseparable since. In 2010, their engagement was announced and the couple married in April 2011 at Westminster Abbey, London. DON'T MISS: Since their wedding in 2011, the couple have welcomed three children, Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and three-year-old Prince Louis. Aside from her poise, Kate also prides herself in her charity work. Kate has ensured the importance of family in her own life is used within her work, focussing her charitable endeavours on children’s charities across the years and specialising in the wellbeing of children and early years development. She made early intervention a huge focus in her charity work. 