Joe portrayed John the third son of the Shelby clan in Peaky Blinders, brother to Arthur (Paul Anderson) Thomas, (Cillian Murphy), Ada (Sophie Rundle) and Finn Shelby (Harry Kirton), as well as being the husband of Esme Shelby (Aimee-Ffion Edwards). Despite being ranked as a high member among the Birmingham gangster family, actor Joe made the decision to step down from the BBC show back in 2017 after three seasons. He went on to star in various projects before landing a huge new role in the spy classic remake of The Ipcress File. Re-creating a spy role made famous by Sir Michael Caine, Joe plays a working-class secret agent Harry Palmer in ITV ’s mini-series adaptation of the Cold War thriller. However, stardom didn’t come easy for the actor after he confessed he got into some trouble during his youth which could have been irreversible. Joe revealed: “I never thought I was gonna be an actor. “I had a bit of a bad break-up, I didn’t get into university, I felt very sorry for myself.” READ MORE:The Last Kingdom season 5: Stiorra star on huge milestone  He told The Mirror: “Perhaps I shouldn’t have, but I did. “I got arrested. I was just getting up to nonsense, really.” Before pursuing his acting dream, Joe worked as a carpet salesman. His persistence paid off when the TV opportunities had began to roll in, with parts on The Bill and Holby City before signing up to play the 1920s gangster.  After establishing a name for himself, the 33-year-old featured in Gangs of London and Black Mirror. When explaining why he decided bid farewell to Peaky Blinders, he said: “In society, we’re told to play by the rules and live our lives in a certain way. “For me, it was a no-brainer. “I was missing out on some stuff, and I felt like I had exhausted this character,” he told Radio Times. Joe's real-life brother Finn Cole, who portrays John's cousin Michael Gray, is still part of Peaky Blinders.  Taking audiences by surprise at the climax of season four, his character was shot dead outside his house in front of Esme and Michael, his wife and cousin. Later on, it had been revealed that John had been hit by one of the goons hired to eliminate the Peaky Blinders at the command of key antagonist Luca Changretta (Adrien Brody). Tommy had urged brother Michael to rush to John and got him to evacuate the house after uncovering the mafia's assassination plans. Kicking off its blood-soaked sixth and final season, viewers will have to wait and see what will become of the flat-cap-wearing Brummies. In the brand new episode which aired on Sunday, Tommy was shown alive and well after having not shot himself in the field where fans last saw him at the end of series five. Later, audiences saw the troublesome lead setting off to North America, where the end of Prohibition is set to bring new opportunities. But Tommy was faced with new danger from an old adversary, who is finally making his move. Peaky Blinders airs Sunday on BBC One at 9pm 