Amy appeared on Loose Women with her fellow soap star boyfriend Toby-Alexander Smith, who famously played killer Gray Atkins in EastEnders before he was caught out for his murderous crimes. However, during the ITV show on Friday, the couple made a rare TV appearance together with their newborn baby. The duo both addressed their recent exits from the soaps and discussed a possible return. Toby's character exited EastEnders after he was finally arrested for his crimes. While the actor hasn't confirmed whether he has plans to return to the BBC soap, the door has been left open for him. Amy's character left the village after she discovered her boyfriend Nate Robinson (played by Jurell Carter) had slept with her sister, Vanessa Woodfield's (Michelle Hardwick) girlfriend, Fiona Murphy (Yemisi Oyinloye). READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5: Kayce Dutton to die after Luke Grimes clue? Although she was heartbroken at first, the news led her to put herself first as she was offered a job in Nottingham after hosting a seminar at a postnatal depression conference. However, in real life, the actress left the soap because she and Toby-Alexander were expecting their first child together. Speaking about her return to the soap, Amy admitted she was definitely making a return to Emmerdale, she just had no idea when. "Are you going back to Emmerdale?" host Kaye Adams quizzed. Amy replied: "Oh, yeah. God knows when I don't know." As she pointed to her baby daughter, the actress added: "I've got to figure it out logistically because of..." Toby-Alexander also discussed his dramatic exit from EastEnders, as Gloria Hunniford pointed out: "You were a pretty hard character, it shows what a good actor you are. "You could see the soft side of you on the screen but then the really horrible side of you. You killed three people." DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck tried not to ‘break down’ during episode [INSIGHT]Coronation Street tragedy as Summer Spellman falls ill [SPOILERS]Judi Dench swoons over The Repair Shop's Jay Blades [NEWS] "I think as an actor that's what you want, a challenge and something that is so far removed from you," Toby admitted. "It was so much fun to play and especially the last six weeks of filming. "I had her [his daughter], and it was full-on. I had an amazing time and it was the end of a chapter, starting a brand new chapter. "It was quite intense, wasn't it? Because I was doing quite long days of filming and then coming home." Toby went on to explain that when viewers found out he was a killer, they would get him mixed up with his character. "That took me back and how people can differentiate between fact and fiction which is quite bizarre," the Gray Atkins star admitted. As the chat came to an end, Frankie Bridge quizzed the couple on what they were doing for their first Mother's Day. Amy explained not only was it her first Mother's Day, but it was also her birthday as well. Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.