Russia’s brutal invasion of Ukraine has pushed NATO, the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, front and centre, as more countries consider membership - the complete opposite of Russia’s initial objective. NATO is ever-expanding - now encompassing 30 countries and with many being on Russia’s doorstep, Russian President Vladimir Putin sees this as a threat to the country’s interests. NATO, signed in 1949 between 12 countries, was initially an alliance to protect member states against any possible attack from Germany and the Soviet Union. Clauses of the treaty have evolved over time and now encompass a much wider spectrum, with the primary objective to “guarantee the freedom and security of its members through political and military means”. The treaty has also gained a number of additional member states. Although officially not yet a member, Ukraine has been in the process of applying for years - an action that Russia has always vehemently opposed and one of the core reasons for the attack. However, this attack has caused a swing in support of the alliance for many, as several polls have reflected, and some countries have even commenced moves to apply.  READ MORE: Experts fear Russian meddling at Europe’s largest nuclear plant  Currently, the list of countries that are not officially members of NATO include:  Along with Austria, Cyprus, Ireland, and Malta, Finland and Sweden are the only EU states that are not members of NATO. This is because these states have defined themselves as militarily neutral since World War 2. Militarily neutral is a term used to describe the attitude of a state or group of states that makes no alliance with either side in a war.  All of these countries except Cyprus, however, have joined NATO's Partnership for Peace programme, an initiative to create trust between NATO and other states in Europe and the former Soviet Union. Finland and Sweden’s policies of military non-alignment have persisted, although renewed threats of Russian aggression are now spurring considerations of potential NATO membership from both countries. DON'T MISS: 'Complete tin ear!' Marr rages at UK lack of Ukraine refugee support [INSIGHT]Gordon Brown savaged as he demands Putin be tried for war crimes [EXPLAINED]Xi affirms 'rock solid' friendship with Putin [ANALYSIS]     Some countries in the list are former Soviet states, such as Armenia, Azerbaijan and Belarus. These countries have deep cultural and economic ties with Russia, which play a vast role in what keeps them from opting into the alliance. Although also not part of the alliance, NATO is said to have diplomatic relations with microstates Andorra, Liechtenstein, Monaco and San Marino. Kosovo, which gained independence in 2008 following a war in Serbia, however, has recently made overtures to join the alliance - requesting a permanent US military base in its region and begun negotiations on a NATO membership last week, following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.  However, four NATO members - Romania, Spain, Greece and Slovakia - still do not recognise Kosovo's 2008 declaration of independence, which could complicate its bid for membership. Three other countries are also officially recognised by NATO as aspiring members - Bosnia and Herzegovina, Georgia, and Ukraine. Bosnia and Herzegovina is currently undertaking the Membership Action Plan to join the alliance, Georgia has been promised a spot to join in the near future after forming closer ties with the alliance over the years, and Ukraine is viewed as an “enhanced opportunity partner”. That term is afforded to countries who have “made significant contributions to NATO-led operations and missions”, such as Australia and Sweden, meaning membership is more likely to be granted. However, due to Ukraine’s current instability compounded by the invasion, it won’t be offered membership anytime soon. 