Pensioners could get £3,000 of support on average through Pension Credit, according to experts, but a staggering number of people could be missing out. It is believed over one million Britons who could get some help through Pension Credit have not claimed. Pension Credit is provided by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) and is a benefit designed to support pensioners who are on low incomes. Pension Credit can be paid at different rates depending on the level of help someone needs. The ‘Guarantee Credit’ element of Pension Credit provides the greatest level of support. READ MORE: Pension death benefits may be at risk in Rishi Sunak’s spring statement - ‘too generous!’ Recipients of Guarantee Credit could get their weekly income topped up to: The other element of Pension Credit is ‘Savings Credit’, which provides a lower amount of support to pensioners who have made some provision towards their own retirement. DON'T MISS‘Earn £50 an hour!’ Dad shares how Britons can make hundreds of pounds extra per day [INSIGHT]4.6 million households eligible for £144 reduction on their broadband bill - how to claim [ALERT]Pensioners get shock £1,000 pay rise after interest rate hike - ‘better off for life' [ALERT] Savings Credit recipients could get: Only those who reached state pension age before April 6, 2016 can claim Savings Credit. Claimants of any form of Pension Credit could also get additional support, as Pension Credit could make them automatically eligible for some other helpful benefits. Pension Credit recipients may be eligible for: Pension Credit applications can be made online through the Gov.uk website, as well as by phone on 0800 99 1234 or by post. Pensioners will have their income assessed when they apply to determine whether they qualify for Pension Credit and how much support they can get. Applications can be started up to four months before reaching state pension age, and those applying after already reaching state pension age may be able to backdate their claim up to three months.