Tony (played by Nick Pickard) has been at the heart of the drama on Hollyoaks since he appeared in the Channel 4 soap's very first episode 27 years ago. Over the last few years, viewers of the television programme have learnt more about the stalwart's past following the introduction of his villainous father, Edward Hutchinson (Joe McGann), and his half-sister, Verity Hutchinson (Eva O'Hara). However, more about his life away from the Chester-based village is going to come to light as his half-brother Eric (Angus Castle-Doughty) is going to come into the picture years after the siblings last saw each other. Fans of the show know Tony has a half-brother, Dominic Reilly (John Pickard), who appeared on the show between 2005 and 2013. The pair were always involved in dramatic storylines but there was no real mention of Eric until Edward returned to the village in 2019. Tony's other half-brother has been spoken about since, with Verity mentioning him on several occasions as they grew up together. Later this month, the missing Hutchinson child will arrive and more secrets about the clan will unravel as the siblings' complex dynamic is explored. It will appear he is very different to the other Hutchinson brothers as he is socially awkward and less confident than Tony. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plans to destroy the Dingles? This is the first time the stalwart will meet Eric and as they try to bond, Tony could see more of Edward in his brother than anything else. Although their father was dominating and arrogant, his villainous streak is what defined his character and this is something the newcomer could have inherited. But his would be downplayed as he is able to hide it behind his timid persona, meaning he can cause some trouble without being blamed for the chaos. Upon his arrival, he could pretend he wants to know his half-brother but as he settles into village life, his true intentions could be shown. Wanting Tony out of Verity's life, he could tell The Dog in the Pond owner Edward told him a secret when they were children about the family. Wanting to know more, the stalwart could be devastated to learn he is not Edward's biological son and this was just a tale spun by the villain after he discovered Tony's mother had an affair. The iconic character's life would be turned on its head as he realises the man who almost tore his family apart had no connection to him whatsoever. However, this could spur him on to discover who his father really is and as the investigation begins, Tony's trail could see his leads take him across the other side of the world. Needing answers, Tony could explain he is going to leave the village for a while to find out about his heritage and whether he has more family out in the world. He would be giving Eric everything he wants as the newcomer is able to have Verity all to himself but he could also make a move on Diane Hutchinson (Alex Fletcher) whilst her husband is away. DON'T MISS...Hollyoaks' Jamie Lomas shuts down two companies with debts of £92,000 [COMMENT]Hollyoaks star Lysette Anthony slams bosses amid race row [COMMENT]Hollyoaks' Amanda Clapham left with swollen thumb from spider [COMMENT] At this moment, Eric could become just like his villainous father as Edward thought he could make Diane his by wrecking the Hutchinson's marriage. But will Tony come back to the village in time to stop his half-brother or will extended leave mean he has lost his family for good? Whether or not Eric would be telling the truth about Tony's parentage could be a twist that emerges later on in the storyline. The actor who is going to be playing Eric, Angus, has spoken out on joining the cast and what this means for the Hutchinsons. Angus said: "From the moment I started, I've felt really welcomed into the fold. Eva and I clicked straight away." "We've had many discussions about our characters' relationship. Eric's upcoming storyline is topical, important, and one which hasn't been covered in soap before, and we are working really hard to do it justice," he continued. Eric will make his first appearance in the village during the show's International Women's Day episode which will see the female characters discuss the way they are treated by men. Verity will be central to the episode airing on Channel 4 Friday, March 8, 2020, as she clashes with Tony over some misogynistic comments. As she tries to educate her older brother about the importance of thinking before you speak, Eric will turn up, much to her delight. However, she will be asking more questions about his whereabouts and what he has been up to during the time they've been separated. Will he be truthful or is he hiding another disturbing secret from his family about his time away from the Chester-based village? Speaking ahead of the episode, the actress who plays Verity, Eva, has discussed the drama to come from the special instalment. The soap star said: "‘It’s an episode that I’m truly proud and excited to share with everyone. It’s an episode that really does celebrate the diverse nature of womanhood and the friendship and connections that tie women together. "I think the writers and the team behind this script has really nailed that, there is definitely none of that. "There are conversations to be had with male characters which is really important, it’s done with love and affection for the characters," she told Metro.co.uk. Hollyoaks airs weeknights at 6:30pm on Channel 4. First-look Hollyoaks airs weeknights at 7pm on E4.