The seven-year-old even spent the family's first night home together in years "snuggled down" in bed between her reunited parents. Gabriella was so excited when she saw Nazanin, she double-checked with dad Richard that her dream really had come true and asked him: "Is that my mummy?" And Nazanin, 43, was clearly keen to make a good impression on her daughter after five years in detention in Iran, and asked: "Do I smell nice?" Details of the emotional homecoming emerged yesterday as the family stayed at a safe house laid on by the Foreign Office. They are expected to remain out of the public eye for several days as they adjust to the seismic upturn in their fortunes. But Nazanin's arrival at RAF Brize Norton, on a Boeing 747 chartered by the Government, was captured in a moving social media video. The mum flew in from Tehran via Oman, with fellow released British detainee, Anoosheh Ashoori, 67. They touched down in Britain shortly after 1am and smiled and chatted as they disembarked. Nazanin waved and gave a peace sign then Gabriella ran towards her. The overjoyed mum swept up her little girl in her arms - before both disappeared in a tearful scrum of family members eager for a hug. Nazanin had been held on trumped-up charges of plotting to overthrow the Iranian regime. Richard, 45, who fought a tireless campaign for her release, shook Anoosheh's hand before both went to join their relatives.  Later Tulip Siddiq, the family's MP, described the family reunion and said: "Gabriella was in disbelief at first but has been by Nazanin's side ever since." The Labour MP for Hampstead and Kilburn, added: "Richard sounds so happy this morning. He laughingly told me that Gabriella slept in between him and Nazanin last night for the first time in six years." Ms Siddiq also revealed the little girl had asked if her father was "pulling her leg" after he told her about Nazanin's impending release. But when Gabriella realised it was true, Ms Siddiq said she started playing her piano and singing. She added: "My heart just broke." The MP posted a "family selfie" yesterday, showing Richard, Gabriella and Nazanin surrounded by daffodils. But, even in their joy, the couple were still thinking about others suffering the same fate. Ms Siddiq said they had asked her about Morad Tahbaz, another British citizen being held under house arrest in Tehran. The MP tweeted: "So lovely to have uplifting conversations with Richard and Nazanin today. "They are both relentless in their pursuit of justice and raised the plight of Morad Tahbaz with me." Ms Siddiq insisted Richard was right to launch a high profile campaign for his wife's freedom, even though he was originally advised by the Foreign Office to "stay quiet". She said: "He felt he had no choice but to go public. Some people might disagree with this and the Foreign  Office told us many times, 'We could have got Nazanin out earlier if you didn't make such and song and dance about this.' "But Richard disagreed." His sister Rebecca said the family is now looking forward to "normal" life after the release negotiated by Foreign Secretary Liz Truss. "They have lived apart for such a long time, had such different experiences, they are not going to go back to how they were before. Of course they won't," she told BBC Radio 4's Today programme. But she said they were looking forward to swimming, shopping and walking together - "all those things the rest of us take for granted when we have children". Nazanin's father-in-law, John, described the "appalling" chaos of his son's London home in her absence, with Gabriella's toys and Richard's freedom campaign material never getting put away. He laughed: "There's lots of texts going around about who's going to tidy up the flat." Richard's mum Barbara added: "It was a three-bedroom flat when Nazanin got taken and they'd only got a baby in it. Well, that baby's grown up. I hope to see Nazanin as soon as possible. She'll need a little bit of time to acclimatise. But it's going to be absolutely wonderful."  Tehran-born Nazanin was arrested at the city's airport inApril 2016 after she took the then baby Gabriella to meet her parents. She was jailed following a conviction on unspecified "national security-related" offences and, in April last year, was handed an extra 12 months in detention. But Nazanin's release was finally secured over the last few months when Ms Truss negotiated a deal to repay Iran a £400million arms deal debt that dates back nearly 40 years. Foreign Office Minister James Cleverly said the Government had taken "every precaution" to ensure the money repaid to Iran would be used for "humanitarian purposes". Ms Truss, who was at the Oxfordshire air base to greet Nazanin and Anoosheh, said: "It's been very emotional, but also a really happy moment." 