Queen Elizabeth looked in amazing spirits from her home at Windsor Castle today. The 95-year-old monarch stunned in a pink, green, yellow and white floral dress as she posed with her walking stick. For her brooch, she chose the Flower Basket brooch, filled with ruby, diamond and sapphire flowers.   It was given to the then-Princess Elizabeth by her parents, King George VI and the Queen Mother to mark the birth of Prince Charles in November 1948. The Queen wore the brooch for Charles' first official pictures about a month after his birth. Her wearing the brooch today marks the first time in a long time for the monarch. The many colours in this brooch make it a great choice to be worn with a whole range of outfits. READ MORE: Kate keeps Queen close to heart with symbolic brooch  The Queen's colourful outfit today though was a perfect match for the brooch. The monarch appeared in Windsor today to view a selection of artefacts from the firm Halycon Days. This was to commemorate their 70th anniversary. Elizabeth viewed a selection of the Royal Warrant holder's hand-decorated enamelware.   Royal fans took to social media praising the Queen. Twitter user @HRHBucklebury said: "The Queen looks lovely, her outfit and smile suit her very much." Another fan, @SabirahLohn added: "HM looks wonderful! "Great to see her smiling."  Royal watcher @pblowe2 wrote: "She looks remarkably well, following her doctor's advice I reckon!" Social media user @froglandsouth commented saying: "What a relief to see Her Majesty looking so well! "She'd love looking over that collection." Halycon Days is only one of 14 companies to hold all three Royal Warrants.  Queen Elizabeth was shown some of the earliest designs from the 1950s and watched items being hand-gilded by master artisans. The Royal Correspondent for the Daily Express, Richard Palmer tweeted: "Perhaps a signpost to the Queen's engagements in future? "Instead of her visiting a factory, they brought the factory to her, on a small scale." 