While £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year, a significant amount is also wasted in associated benefits like free travel. In total, 10 groups of Britons are entitled to financial support towards travel costs. As the cost of living continues to stretch Britons’ finances, people are being reminded to claim everything they are entitled to. People who rely on Universal Credit and Pension Credit usually get additional financial support to help them make ends meet. One additional benefit is the free bus pass which could save Britons hundreds of pounds over the course of a year. It’s not just pensioners who are entitled to this extra support, as long as they meet certain criteria, 10 groups of people should qualify. READ MORE: ‘Earn £50 an hour!’ Britons can make hundreds of pounds extra per day Who is entitled to a free bus pass? DON'T MISS:Pension death benefits may be targeted in spring statement [WARNING]‘Earn £50 an hour!’ Britons can make hundreds of pounds extra per day [INSIGHT]Millions eligible for £144 discount on their broadband bill [ALERT]  Millions of Britons on Universal Credit don’t know that they are entitled to a 50 percent discount on train and bus travel. This could be a lifeline for people who are looking for work - people should ask their work coach how to apply. Meanwhile, disabled people are also entitled to help towards travel costs from their local authority. Anyone caring for someone who needs help getting around could also be entitled to a free bus pass depending on where they live in the UK. It’s not just disabled people who should apply for a free bus pass, anyone who has been refused a driving licence because of ill health should get in touch with their local council. Meanwhile, pensioners in England currently become eligible for their free bus pass when they reach 66-years old. However, in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland older people only have to wait until they’re 60. This is also the case in some parts of the UK such as London. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea A new initiative in Scotland, means that young people also get free travel if they are under 21. It’s hoped this will help young people look for work and training opportunities. To apply for a younger person’s bus pass in Scotland, people should go to the Transport Scotland website. Pensioners can apply for a free bus pass at Gov.uk