Symptoms of type 2 diabetes include needing to pee a lot, feeling thirsty all the time and feeling very tired. Many people have type 2 diabetes without realising it with untreated symptoms worsening and causing grave harm to one’s health. Reversing or getting rid of your diagnosis of type 2 diabetes, if early, can be possible with a few relatively easy changes to be aware of. Seven methods to help get rid of your diabetes include: READ MORE: Vitamin B12 deficiency: The feeling in your body that could be a sign In a study with the National Library of Health, almonds compared to complex carbohydrates in a weight reduction program was looked at. The study involved 65 overweight or obese adults with a body mass index of 27 – 55. The study continued for 24 weeks evaluating two distinct macronutrient interventions on obesity and metabolic syndrome-related parameters during weight reduction. DON'T MISS:Four drinks that could make supplements and antibiotics ineffective [EXPERT]Angela Lansbury health: Star, 96, reveals secrets to youth [REVEAL]Four best vitamins for better skin - easy ways to get healthier skin [INSIGHT] “Our findings suggest that an almond-enriched low-calorie diet (LCD) improves a preponderance of the abnormalities associated with the metabolic syndrome,” noted the authors. The continued: “Both dietary interventions were effective in decreasing body weight beyond the weight loss observed during long-term pharmacological interventions; however, the almond-LCD group experienced a sustained and greater weight reduction for the duration of the 24-week intervention. “Almond supplementation of a formula-based LCD is a novel alternative to self-selected complex carbohydrates and has a potential role in reducing the public health implications of obesity.” One study, however, has found the gut plays an integral role in the development of type 2 diabetes. Research published in Metabolic Syndrome and Related Disorders has revealed how it contributes to an imbalance in insulin-regulating hormone levels. Type 2 diabetes is known to be triggered by genetics and lifestyle. They cause insulin resistance - when your body doesn't use insulin as it should to maintain a normal blood glucose level. This means blood sugar can rise too high. The study found that the gut adds to this by contributing to the hypersecretion of glucagon in individuals with type 2 diabetes. Dangers of raised insulin levels include: