 Dancing on Ice star Connor Ball took a tumble last week as he slipped on the ice. The Vamps singer had to get stitches after badly cutting his leg during the fall. On Sunday night’s show, ITV hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield reflected on Connor’s accident and Holly confessed she felt queasy after seeing the skater’s injury.   Connor and his professional Dancing on Ice partner Alexandra Schauman recreated one of Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean’s iconic routines on Sunday night. Before introducing the duo onto the ice, Phillip reminded viewers that Connor suffered an injury last week. “He’s been tripped up, stitched up, he’s next up, last week when Holly saw his injury she nearly threw up!” Phillip joked. “That’s right. I nearly did,” Holly confessed as she laughed at her co-star’s remark. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Liv Flaherty discovers she’s pregnant?  Reflecting on his fall on the ice, Connor said: “I don’t really remember any of the judges' comments because the whole thing was a blur. "I went off to go see the medics and I lay there in my boxers with a pirate's wig on getting stitched up. “I think in total I’ve had 19 stitches, which I think is a Dancing on Ice record. “I definitely think I’m someone that will just keep going no matter what the circumstances.    “This Sunday we’re going to come back fighting,” he enthused. Thankfully, this week, Connor and Alexandra managed to make it through their routine without any accidents. After watching Connor’s performance, Holly and Phillip chatted to the singer about how he was coping with his injury. Phillip said: “Holly and I made the mistake of looking over the balcony and you were being stitched up.” DON'T MISS...EastEnders horror as Gray Atkins’ final victim sealed? [SPOILERS]Emmerdale heartbreak as Paddy Kirk cheats on Chas in steamy affair? [THEORY]BBC's Croxall on ‘scary’ moment breaking news of Prince Philip’s death [MUST SEE]  “Oh, it’s horrible,” Holly said, with Phillip agreeing: “That was gruesome.” Holly insisted the image was ingrained in her memory as she exclaimed: “Can’t forget that!” Dancing on Ice fans took to Twitter to praise Connor for returning to the competition after his injury. "Appreciation tweet for Connor, a true fighter who comes back every week after a fall and never gives up #DancingOnIce Keep going @TheVampsCon,” @RyanGTweetsTV wrote.    “Connor is so talented, like the fact he’s barely fazed about skating with 19 stitches he deserves all our votes #dancingonice," @id0nteven commented. “Connor deserved a 10 just for the fact he didn’t fall or hurt himself #DOI #dancingonice," @BCCD230499 added. “Yes well done Connor! No falls this week. #DancingonIce," @Charlie__Tweets remarked. Dancing on Ice continues Sunday at 7:30pm on ITV. 