Britons can inherit assets like property from loved ones when they die but they may be subject to a hefty 40 percent tax bill. How much you can inherit without paying inheritance tax depends on a few factors, but there are some simple tricks to avoid it.  Approximately £6.9billion will be collected by HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) in inheritance tax in 2023 as more and more people fall foul to taxes that could be avoided. This estate tax isn’t charged when giving property or assets to a partner or spouse, but it is effective when passing on property to children or grandchildren. The standard rate of inheritance tax rate is 40 percent and is charged on anything above the £325,000 threshold. This means that with the £325,000 nil-rate threshold and the £175,000 residence threshold, people could have a total tax-free threshold of £500,000. READ MORE: 10 groups of people who are entitled to free bus travel - how to apply Although this amount has been frozen until 2026, more people are caught in the net every year as house prices rise across the country. In 2020, the nation gave away millions in unnecessary IHT through “gifts gone wrong”. Put simply If the value of someone's estate is under the nil-rate band of £325,000 then no IHT is due. However, if the value of the estate is above the nil-rate band: HMRC can potentially take 40 percent of anything above it. DON'T MISSFury as over 60s to lose free prescriptions due to state pension rule [UPDATE]Pensioners could get up to £300 for heating bills [UPDATE]State Pension triple lock doomed as axing it will save £10 billion [WARNING] Brushing up on the rules means families could help other members keep more of their inheritance without lining the Government's pockets. One way to massively reduce an inheritance tax bill is to make sure people don’t accidentally go over the threshold by gifting throughout their lifetime. Britons can encourage older relatives to check whether they could carry a tax allowance over from last year to reduce a bill even more. For example, a parent could gift their child up to £11,000 tax free in one year if they carried over an unused allowance over are due to get married. That’s because they can gift £5,000 in consideration of marriage plus this year’s £3,000 annual exemption and last year’s if it hasn’t been used already. They could also talk to the older generation about putting the property into trust. However, because it is a complicated subject, it may be useful to speak to an independent financial adviser. Older family members may not be aware that there are rules and loopholes that could help them pass on more of their hard earned cash.   What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea 10 ways to pay less tax on your inheritance: