Emmerdale's Charley Webb, 34, and Matthew Wolfenden, 41, began dating in 2007 after meeting on the soap and married in 2018. Charley took to Instagram on Thursday to criticise her husband, as he challenged her after taking one of her newest purchases. Charley shared a video of her husband on Thursday in view of her 559,000 Instagram followers. The actress shared the video of her husband in all black as he walked around the house in large black sunglasses. She said: "Why are you walking around the house in those glasses? Matthew hastily replied: "Because..." READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update Charley continued: "Come closer because they are actually really nice glasses. "They are my new glasses, how cool are they?" Matt then walked away from the camera as he said: "You're not having them back now!" The couple share three children together, Buster, 11, Bowie, six, and two-year-old Ace, with their love blossoming 16 years ago when they met on the ITV soap. Charley joined Emmerdale in 2002 as a teenager playing the role of Debbie Dingle. Matthew was cast as David Metcalfe, four years later in 2006, with romance blossoming between the pair in 2007. The actor popped the question to his co-star on Christmas Day in 2009, three months after they announced they were expecting their first child together. DON'T MISS... Dan Walker breaks silence on BBC Breakfast absence [INSIGHT] Linda Robson addresses Pauline Quirke and Loose Women pals rift claim [COMMENT] Lord Sugar slams Piers Morgan for 'crowing without giving solution' [OPINION] The pair briefly split in 2013, but welcomed their second son in December 2015. Their third child Ace was born in 2019, bringing the Emmerdale family to five. The couple haven't ruled out having more children, with Charley telling Radio Times in 2020: "Who knows? Three at the moment is a lot, but I sort of think once you've got three you might as well have 20 because it's just chaos. "My house is chaotic, but good fun though." Charley recently took to Instagram to share a "scary" ordeal that saw her youngest son being rushed to hospital. She said on her Instagram story last month: "Ace has been poorly since Friday being sick on and off, but he's just been really lethargic. "And then on Saturday he took a turn for the worst. We had to get him into the hospital. "It's been really scary, [we had] the ambulance out and everything."