Members of the public will soon be able to admire a breathtaking, never-before-seen portrait of the late Princess of Wales. A black-and-white photograph of Diana, taken in 1988 by David Bailey, is going on display at Kensington Palace from March 4 as part of an exhibition called 'Life Through A Royal Lens'. In the snap, Princess Diana faces away from the camera while wearing a one-shoulder gown. The photograph stuns for its minimalism and the stoicism of the princess and fully portrays her reserved personality. The royal and Mr Bailey met for a sitting commissioned by the National Portrait Gallery. While several photographs from this shoot were acquired to enter its permanent collection, this snap was retained by Mr Bailey for his own archive. Diana, who quickly became one of the most photographed women in the world after her nuptials with Prince Charles in 1981, became a trendsetter not just for her charitable work and fashion style but also for her photographic choices. At the time this snap was taken, the Princess of Wales had only been the second member of the Royal Family to pose for Mr Bailey. Before her, only Lord Snowdon, the husband of Princess Margaret and a renown photographer himself, had sat for Mr Bailey. This portrait, showing Lord Snowdon smoking a cigar, is also featured in the exhibition. READ MORE: 'Sassy!' Princess Charlotte shows off strong personality while greeting Diana personally chose Mr Bailey for this sitting after being provided with a name of established royal photographers. As stated by a Historic Royal Palace statement regarding the exhibition, Diana's choice of Mr Bailey's "bold minimalism reflected her desire to establish a new photographic identity for herself." Diana and Lord Snowdon are just some of the iconic members of the Royal Family to be featured at the Kensington Palace exhibition. The display spans from the reign of Queen Victoria to the present day, with Queen Elizabeth II being among the subjects exhibited.  Another never-before-seen photograph shows the Queen and her beloved late husband Prince Philip laughing in a candid moment caught on camera. The display aims at showcasing the Firm's "enduring relationship with the camera, from state ceremonies to royal tours". It also explores the partnership between royals and leading photographers. Moreover, it displays members of the family not just at work but also in more relaxed settings. Among others, King George VI can be seen in a series of domestic shots taken by Lisa Sheridan for Studio Lisa. Legendary royal photographer Cecil Beaton and the impact his work had on modern royal portraiture is also examined during the show. Finally, this unique exhibition includes a number of photographs of royals on duties taken by members of the public, who submitted their pictures after a public call out led by Historic Royal Palaces, the independent charity taking care of several royal palaces including Kensington Palace, in January. Claudia Acott Williams, curator at Historic Royal Palaces, expressed how defining photography has been for the Royal Family in the past decades. She said: "Ever since Queen Victoria and Prince Albert first embraced the revolutionary new technology of photography, the medium has shaped how the world views the British monarchy. "It has allowed the Royal Family to offer fascinating insights into their life and work, transforming the royal image and creating an unprecedented relationship between Crown and subjects. "Through our new exhibition at Kensington Palace, Life Through A Royal Lens, we look forward to welcoming our visitors into the world of royal photography, to explore the history behind the iconic image of modern monarchy we know today."