A day after Polish Foreign Minister Zbigniew Rau said the country was prepared to transfer its Soviet-era fighters, which Ukrainian pilots are trained to fly, to a US airbase so the Pentagon could hand them to Kyiv, the deal turned out to be "dead in the water". The operation, which could have proven crucially helpful for the Ukrainian army as it defends itself from Russian forces, was presented by the Poles as an "immediate and free of charge" opportunity. But according to the US Department of Defense, it is not "tenable". Poland's foreign ministry said on Tuesday it was "ready to deploy" its warplanes — a total of 28, it is thought — to the US's Rammstein Air Base in Germany. In turn, to make up for its loss, Poland expected to receive American F-16s. It added: "The Polish government also requests other NATO Allies — owners of MIG-29 jets — to act in the same vein." Responding to the news, commentator Andrew Neil said: "Looks like the Polish plan to hand over its fleet of MiG-29 fighter jets to Ukrainian airforce via Americans is dead in the water, after US pushback." READ MORE: DEFIANT UKRAINIAN WOMAN WHO BROUGHT DOWN DRONE WITH JAR OF TOMATOES VOWS TO FIGHT ON What looked like a step forward in nations' willingness to help war-torn Ukraine in not-so-obvious means soon turned into a cautious backtrack by the Biden Administration. The Pentagon claimed on Wednesday the prospect of the jets departing from the base in Germany "to fly into airspace that is contested with Russia over Ukraine raises serious concerns for the entire NATO alliance". John Kirby, the Pentagon's press secretary, said: "It is simply not clear to us that there is a substantive rationale for it." He added: "We will continue to consult with Poland and our other NATO allies about this issue and the difficult logistical challenges it presents, but we do not believe Poland's proposal is a tenable one." ITV News Correspondent Dan Rivers, covering the conflict from Ukraine, claimed the agreement had been "nixed by USA", adding: "Seen as too escalatory and would risk NATO being drawn directly into this war." Ukraine's ex-president Petro Poroshenko, supporting Poland's plans, said: "NATO is already involved in the conflict, don't have any illusion." The US State Department's Victoria Nuland said the Polish proposal caught the Biden Administration by surprise. The Undersecretary of State for Political Affairs told a Senate Foreign Relations Committee: "To my knowledge, it wasn't pre-consulted with us that they planned to give these planes to us. "So I think that actually was a surprise move by the Poles." DON'T MISSPriti Patel accused of 'misleading Commons' in attack over Calais chaos [REPORT]Will Putin invade UK? Will there be war with Russia? [EXPLAINER]Can nuclear weapons be intercepted? [ANALYSIS] The incident has laid out gaps in NATO members' communications with each other, with apparent diplomatic damage between the US and Poland that Vice President Kamala Harris is due to tackle in talks in Warsaw on Thursday. The discussions will also touch upon the deployment of two of the US's Patriot antimissile batteries to Poland to help protect NATO troops and territory as fears over Vladimir Putin's war spreading further across Eastern Europe are very much latent. The US European Command said in a statement: "This defensive deployment is being conducted proactively to counter any potential threat to US and allied forces and NATO territory." The reason behind the failure to proceed with Poland's proposed warplane exchange is in line with the UK Government's assessment of the plans. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said on Tuesday Britain would support Poland if it decided to provide Ukraine with fighter jets. However, he also warned such a step might have direct consequences for them. He told Sky News: "I would support the Poles and whatever choice they make. "We would protect Poland, we'll help them with anything that they need. "Poland will understand that the choices they make will not only directly help Ukraine, which is a good thing, but also may bring them into direct line of fire from countries such as Russia or Belarus." Mr Wallace added the UK, which has provided Ukraine with defensive weapons as well as other important military and humanitarian aid, did not have aircraft to offer the Ukrainians would be able to use.