Ruth Langmore (played by Julia Garner) is an inconsolable wreck heading into Ozark season four part two after discovering her beloved cousin Wyatt (Charlie Tahan) and his wife Darlene Snell (Lisa Emery) had been murdered by cold-blooded cartel lieutenant Javi Elizondo (Alfonso Herrera). One man who remains arguably Ruth’s only trusted ally heading into the Netflix finale is none other than Frank Cosgrove Jr (Joseph Sikora), despite the pair’s turbulent history. But with Ruth determined to get revenge despite Marty Byrde’s (Jason Bateman) words of warning, will Frank Jr be the one to save her? After all, if Ruth is to track down Javi and attempt to kill him, it’s not going to sit well with a number of Ozark’s biggest players. For one, Javi isn’t someone to easily roll over and admit defeat - case in point the reason for his murderous streak in the Ozark’s already. Secondly, thanks to the Byrdes’ meddling, he’s now a protected FBI informant following Agent Maya Miller’s (Jessica Frances Dukes) derailing of his uncle Omar Navarro’s (Felix Solis) plans. So with so many obstacles in her way which would undoubtedly come up with deadly repercussions, a new fan theory has suggested marriage to Frank Jr is what will save her. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Frank Cosgrove Jr death in part 2 'sealed' after hint? [EXCLUSIVE] The theory stems from the “Langmore curse” Ruth has bandied about throughout the series so far. Ruth has often explained to Wyatt and Three (Carson Holmes) that the family will never succeed thanks to their name and the examples set by her criminal father Cade (Trevor Long) and uncle Russ (Marc Menchaca). But could the “curse” really refer to the fact each of the aforementioned Lamgmores - besides Three - have met premature and gruesome ends to their lives. If so, perhaps marrying Frank Cosgrove Jr and taking his name could go some way to alleviating the curse and ensuring Ruth has a fair shot of survival. Redditor and Ozark fan MidwestMilo suggested so, arguing: “My theory: The Langmore curse is real. “Darlene was killed moments after changing her last name to Langmore. I think Ruth will marry Frank Jr in the end, thus sparing her from suffering the Langmore curse!!” And it didn’t take long for dozens of others to seemingly side with the theory, with the post receiving a number of “upvotes” and fellow Redditor FrnklySpKng replying: “Best one.” And WhoHead12 agreed: “Interesting. I like it. Doesn’t bode well for Three, though.” DON'T MISS:Ozark season 4: Ruth and Frank Jr romance 'sealed' as star drops clue?Ozark season 4: Jonah to die at the hands of Javi after part 1 clue?Ozark season 4 part 2 release date: When will the finale air? However, a Frank Jr and Ruth romance has proven a rather divisive possible plotline for many Ozark fans. DerApexPredator argued for instance: “I hope not. Let's normalise platonic opposite sex relationships. They exist, you know.” And Meet-Me-In-Montauk4 echoed: “Ugh. I hope not. He beat her and nearly killed her. Is that the basis for some interesting chemistry? A good relationship?” It’s fair to say the two have had their fair share of controversial moments in the past but with just seven episodes to go, they seem to be the only ones who can trust one another. Frank Jr’s dad Frank Sr (John Bedford Lloyd) is no longer in the picture too after Darlene blew him away with a shotgun. And seeing as Ruth managed to talk Frank Jr down from killing the queenpin in retaliation, perhaps now is time for him to do the same to her. Fans will have to wait until Ozark return to find out for sure but if the theory does come to fruition given the evidence, many will have their fingers crossed it means Ruth makes it out of Ozark alive. Ozark season 4, part 2 is released on Netflix on April 29.