The stakes in Ukraine are higher now than they have ever been at any point in the month-long war. Today, US President Joe Biden agreed that the USA would be willing to use nuclear weapons in “extreme circumstances” - according to the Daily Telegraph - a marked change from the recent US policy of reducing the country’s nuclear potential. Fears have been mounting that Vladimir Putin could use weapons of mass destruction to get his way in Ukraine, as the war is falling out of the Russian leader’s favour. As part of his televised speech that heralded the Russian invasion of Ukraine, President Vladimir Putin issued what was interpreted as a threat to use nuclear weapons against NATO countries should they interfere in Ukraine. He said: “Russia will respond immediately, and the consequences will be such as you have never seen in your entire history”. Just days afterward, Russia put its nuclear forces on “high alert”.  READ MORE: Will Putin use nuclear weapons? Expert delivers verdict In 2017, prior to becoming President, Mr Biden said: "The sole purpose of our nuclear arsenal is to deter and, if necessary, retaliate, for a nuclear attack against the United States and its allies." President Biden’s desire to minimise the USA’s nuclear arsenal was part of his 2020 presidential campaign. A full plan to reduce it was reportedly due to be announced this year - but was put on hold due to the situation in Ukraine. The US currently allows itself to use nuclear weapons to "defend the vital interests of the United States, its allies, and partners", and in response to "significant non-nuclear strategic attacks". The USA does not have a “no first use” - the only country with such a policy is China - so a theoretical first fire is not impossible, but is extremely unlikely given the huge implications using nuclear weapons would have. In light of the war in Ukraine, the USA will publish its “Nuclear Posture Review” next week - outlining the “extreme circumstances” that would warrant nuclear action. US policy on the situations under which nuclear weapons would be used has been intentionally vague for decades to keep adversaries guessing, and the report is expected to retain some of this strategic ambiguity.  DON'T MISSZelensky's friend gives insight into the Ukraine leader's life [INSIGHT]'Grand chess master myth shattered' Putin abandoned over Ukraine war [REPORT]Russia facing humiliation as up to 60% of missiles failing to fire [INSIGHT] Dr Patricia Lewis, Director, International Security Programme at Chatham House, said: “Nuclear weapons deterrence was developed in the Cold War primarily on the basis of what was called ‘mutually assured destruction’ (MAD). “The idea behind MAD is that the horror and destruction from nuclear weapons is enough to deter aggressive action and war. “But the application of deterrence theory to the post-cold war realities is hotly contested and far more complicated in the era of cyberattacks which can interfere with the command and control of nuclear weapons.” She continued: “It assumed that if Russia were to use nuclear weapons it would do so in its attack on Ukraine, not to attack a NATO state which could trigger Article 5 of the Washington Treaty and set off a full NATO response. “Any movement to ready and deploy Russian nuclear weapons would be seen and monitored by US and others’ satellites, which can see through cloud cover and at night. “Depending on other intelligence and analysis – and the failure of all diplomatic attempts to dissuade Russia – NATO countries may decide to intervene to prevent launch by bombing storage sites and missile deployment sites in advance. “But there are enormous risks associated with this decision, as to attack might precipitate a far worse attack from Russia and could be characterised as an act of aggression by NATO rather than of pre-emptive defence. “However, not to pre-empt leaves Ukraine or other countries open to nuclear weapons explosions with the possibility of hundreds of thousand dead, depending on the target.”