Alexander Dreymon reprised his role as Uhtred of Bebbanburg for the penultimate time earlier this month in the fifth and final season of The Last Kingdom. The BBC and Netflix drama is set to wrap up with one last feature film to close out Uhtred’s adventures for good, but in the meantime, the star has paid tribute to the people who made the series such a success. Uhtred star Alexander has thanked The Last Kingdom’s set wizard Dominic Hyman for his skilful work in bringing the medieval TV epic to life. Season five was just as jaw-dropping as ever, and finally completed Uhtred’s quest for the Wessex throne. Well-known for its gorgeous costumes and incredible art design, Dominic was a key part of making the Saxon drama look authentic and detailed. Alexander said: “This season, having been behind the camera and been part of the whole prep, I really witnessed how much work went into these sets and how much attention to detail there is. READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith “And how every set gets built around a character, how much thought there is behind, ‘How would this character decorate their living space? What’s their vibe? And why is that way?’” The final season was clearly a massive undertaking with so many expectant fans waiting to see how Uhtred’s quest to retake Bebbanburg would come to a close. Thankfully, the series had Dominic to pave the way to ensure the sets and locations were fully realised to help the actors truly embody their characters. “All of that emanates from Dominic, our set designer,” the star told Netflix. “I’m so inspired by him.” “He was so generous with his ideas and so enthusiastic about any ideas that I put forth. “Things that I thought, well that’s never going to happen, that’s too much of an ask.” Alexander went on to reveal Dominic took a number of ideas from the cast on board while he worked to bring Uhtred’s kingdom to life on-screen. He recalled: “He would be like, ‘Let’s just try it.' And he would come back the next day with a piece of set design or a prop that would’ve been built over the space of one day by our crew here. DON'T MISS:Ozark fans fume as major character killed in trailer [SPOILERS]Top Boy season 2: Ashley Walters admits co-star Kano rewrote scenes [INSIGHT]Virgin River's Benjamin Hollingsworth defends Will Smith slap [OPINION] “They’re truly like magical elves. They just come up with these things and you just think, ‘How did they build that so fast?’” In addition to Alexander and the cast’s captivating performances and the show’s sprawling and compelling narrative, the impressive production was also a huge part of what made the series a success. Having joined The Last Kingdom for its third season, Dominic already had several years of experience working as an art designer across television and film. Before the BBC and Netflix hit, he worked on the likes of Rome, The Pacific and Sense8. He has also lent his talents to films such as Wonder Woman, Paddington 2 and Fast and Furious: Hobbs and Shaw, as well as working on the second season of The Witcher. Dominic’s keen eye for set design has reportedly remained intact for the series’ feature-length finale, according to IMDb’s listing. Titled Seven Kings Must Die, the extended instalment of The Last Kingdom has recently wrapped up filming and will most likely be released at some point next year. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix.