With the sun now shining, it’s the perfect time to get out in the garden and give the lawn some well-needed TLC. Morris Hankinson, Managing Director of Hopes Grove Nurseries has shared exclusively with Express.co.uk the simplest way to give lawns a “quick and easy fix” ahead of summer. Morris said March is a good time to be giving the lawn a “first cut”. “It makes a massive difference,” he said. “Cutting the grass, putting some stripes on it, it looks like something again.” While some experts claim gardeners can cut their grass in winter, Morris said now is a good time to do it because it’s growing. He said: “You don’t really want to be cutting the grass when it’s colder or if it’s frosty, obviously. READ MORE: ‘I learnt the hard way’: Monty Don shares warning over tulip bulbs “The grass is starting to grow now and on lawns you tend to get patches that are taller than other bits. “It can look a but unloved. “So it’s a nice quick, easy fix once you do the lawn and you look at the stripes and it looks a lot neater. “You think, ‘oh yeah now I will get on with the flowers beds’ because you can see where you’ve been.  DON'T MISSCleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home [INSIGHT]House prices map: 10 regions see valuations soar across the UK [UPDATE]‘The risk is real’: Monty Don shares warning on Gardeners’ World [ANALYSIS] “It’s like a quick win. And the weather is nice for it now. “There’s more dry days and less windy, rainy days.” In March, the garden can look a bit “unkempt” after a winter of wind and rain. However, when the weather starts to brighten up, there’s plenty to be getting on with. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Morris said gardeners can start cutting back perennials, trimming hedges, pruning shrubs, pulling up weeds and mulching. He said: “You can pull up weeds and put down some bark chips or some compost on your flower beds as a mulch. “That will retain any moisture as the weather turns hot and dry and that will stop the weeds re-growing. “It’s about spending time on things that will save you time later so you can enjoy the nice weather and the garden is in some ways looking after itself.”  Morris also said now is a good time to be feeding plants whether they’re in container or in the ground. In beds, gardeners can put a balanced fertiliser on before putting bark chips or compost down. Evergreen hedges like laurel or privet or box can also be trimmed now and tidied up before they start to grow again.