Robert Grady, from Edinburgh, appeared in a video in which he grips a rifle and pushes for viewers to join him. On Monday, it emerged that approximately 20,000 people, hailing from 52 separate countries, have signed up to fight Russian forces advancing through Ukraine, the country’s foreign minister said. The volunteers will form part of the newly-created International Legion of Territorial Defence of Ukraine. Dmytro Kuleba said on Sunday: “The whole world today is on Ukraine's side not only in words but in deeds.” Mr Grady, dressed in camouflage and flanked by those who are believed to be Ukrainian fighters, addresses the camera to introduce himself in the video. He added: "I've travelled to Ukraine to help Ukraine fight the Russians. “I'll do anything I can in my power to save Ukraine from Putin. "Anybody in the world, please Ukraine. “They need everybody to help. Volunteers, please." In the caption, he wrote: “This was my own free choice. I am a grown man. READ MORE: 30 Putin helicopters blown to smithereens “I’ve went to Ukraine to help the Ukrainian people in a criminal war.” Mr Grady told BBC Scotland he had previously served in the Territorial Army, and he had been accepted into the “international legion”. It is believed that around 100 people in Scotland have put their names down to fight alongside Ukrainian soldiers and volunteers. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has encouraged members of the international community to “fight side by side with the Ukrainians against the Russian war criminals”. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Putin invasion ruined as airport AND city 'retaken' [LIVE] Putin now seizes Russian bank accounts [REPORT] Snow map: Exact date and locations - is your area affected? [MAP] He said in a televised address: “Every friend of Ukraine who wants to join Ukraine in defending the country please come over, we will give you weapons.” Mr Zelensky’s official website, in a statement, said: “According to Regulation on Military Service in the Armed Forces of Ukraine by citizens of their countries and stateless persons approved by Decree of the President of Ukraine # 248 of June 10, 2016, foreigners have the right to join the Armed Forces of Ukraine for military service under contract of a voluntary basis to be included in the Territorial Defense Forces of the Armed Forced of Ukraine. “A separate subdivision is being formed of foreigners entitled the International Legion for the Territorial Defense of Ukraine. There is no greater contribution which you can make for the sake of peace.” Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has previously expressed her support for British citizens joining the fight in Ukraine, “if that’s what they want to do”. She added: “That is something people can make their own decisions about. “The people of Ukraine are fighting for freedom and democracy, not just for Ukraine but for the whole of Europe.” However, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace cautioned those without military training against travelling to the warzone. Foreign Office advice goes against all travel to Ukraine, and warns those considering picking up arms in Ukraine that “your activities may amount to offences against UK terrorism or other legislation and you could be prosecuted on your return to the UK." 