The House of Commons stood up to greet Ukraine's top diplomat to the United Kingdom with rapturous applause. Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle remarked MPs are not traditionally allowed to do so but it was "quite right" for them on this occasion to highlight Britain's support to Ukraine. The whole House launched in a two-minute standing ovation, applauding Vadym Prystaiko and his compatriots.  The Speaker of the House of Commons said: "We generally do not allow applause in this chamber but on this occasion, the House quite rightly wants to demonstrate our respect and support for your country and its people in the most difficult of times." The Ukrainian Ambassador was observing the Prime Minister's Questions from the gallery ahead of a debate on how to best support Ukraine and counter Russian attacks. Addressing the Commons afterward, Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: "Putin has gravely miscalculated. "In his abhorrent assault on a sovereign nation, he has underestimated the extraordinary fortitude of the Ukrainian people and the unity and resolve of the free world in standing up to his barbarism. JUST IN: 'Oh come on, this is nonsense!'Victoria Derbyshire erupts at Russian's unbelievable claims  "The UN General Assembly will vote later today and we call on every nation to join us in condemning Russia and demanding that Putin turns his tanks around." Mr Johnson continued: "If instead Putin doubles down then so shall we, further ratcheting up economic pressure and supporting Ukraine with finance, with weapons, and with humanitarian assistance. "Today the Disasters Emergency Committee is launching its Ukraine appeal and every pound donated by the British people will be matched by the Government, starting with £20 million." He also said he told Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky that the UK would "do everything we can to accelerate our transfer of... the weapons". READ MORE: China joins the world in turning its back on Russia The Prime Minister added: "We are certainly determined to do everything we can to help Ukrainians fleeing the theatre of conflict." Sir Keir Starmer also paid tribute to the brace resistance Ukraine has put on since Russia launched its invasion on February 24. The Labour leader said: ""They remind us that the Russian people are not our enemy, they are the victims of thieves who have stolen their wealth and stolen their chance of democracy. "For too long Britain has been a safe haven for stolen money. Putin thinks we're too corrupted to do the right thing and put an end to it." DON'T MISS: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Desperate Putin arresting children [LIVE] Lukashenko plans Moldova invasion as Belarus President releases plans [VIDEO] Ukraine support from UK furiously backed by Lord Hannan [REACTION] He then asked Mr Johnson: "Does the Prime Minister agree that this House and this country stands united in our support for Ukraine and now is the time to sanction every oligarch and crack open every shell company so we can prove Putin wrong?" The Prime Minister responded: "Yes, that's why this Government has brought forward the unprecedented measures that we have. "And I know that the whole House will agree with me that nothing we do in rooting out corruption and corrupt money in London or any other capital should for one minute - I want to agree with him very strongly - distract for where the true blame for this crisis lies, which is wholly and exclusively and entirely with Vladimir Putin and his regime." "I'm glad that the benches opposite are as resolved as we are that Putin must fail in his venture and that we must ensure that we protect a sovereign, free and independent Ukraine, and that's what we're going to do. "With the unity of this House, with the continued heroism and resolve of the Ukrainian people, which is so amazing that we've seen over the last few days, and with the unity of the West that we're seeing, which I think has also taken aback President Putin, I've no doubt at all that he will fail and we will succeed in protecting Ukraine."