Monday, March 14 marks Commonwealth Day. A service will be held at Westminster Abbey in the afternoon to celebrate the people and cultures of the Commonwealth nations. The Commonwealth is a voluntary association of 54 member states, almost all of which are former territories of the British Empire. In November 2021, Barbados became the first country since 1992 to remove the Queen as its head of state. Announcing the country’s decision to remove the Queen, Barbados Governor General Sandra Mason said in a speech on behalf of Prime Minister Mia Mottley: “The time has come to fully leave our colonial past behind.  “Barbadians want a Barbadian Head of State. This is the ultimate statement of confidence in who we are and what we are capable of achieving.” Responding to this news, Buckingham Palace said in a statement: “This is a matter for the government and people of Barbados.” Not all Commonwealth countries have the Queen as their head of state but, in addition to the UK, Queen Elizabeth II currently serves as the Head of State of Antigua and Barbuda, Australia, Bahamas, Belize, Canada, Grenada, Jamaica, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Solomon Islands and Tuvalu. Graham Smith, CEO of Republic, has predicted that other countries will soon follow in Barbados’ suit.  When asked whether he believes the scandal surrounding Prince Andrew will lead to countries wanting to leave the Commonwealth, Mr Smith said the Prince has “significantly damaged the perceived prestige of the monarchy in other countries.” However, he added: “It's not just Andrew, I think Andrew has certainly significantly damaged the perceived prestige of the monarchy in other countries and why wouldn't they want to distance themselves From the institution. “But I think that the fact that we're getting towards the end of the Queen's reign is a bigger factor. “Jamaica is already having a conversation about changing its constitution. “Australia is likely to do that as well.  “The main thing they need is a Labour Party government and that is highly likely to happen this year. “So it all starts moving quite quickly. “I think that very few Commonwealth realms will be left by the time we get to 2030." However, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams disagrees with Mr Smith and believes that the future of the institution is in “good hands”. He told Express.co.uk: “The decision as to whether the 15 countries out of the 54 nations in the Commonwealth keep the Queen as head of state is obviously a matter for the countries concerned.  DON'T MISS:Camilla sparks royal frenzy as she shows dancing skills with Strictly Camilla looks 'elegant' in navy dress and blue Chanel bag on outing Kate Middleton’s slow progress in Royal Family: ‘Took her a while’ “Barbados recently became a republic, but without a referendum, as expected. “In Jamaica, the people would have to be consulted. “The previous Commonwealth country to become a republic was Mauritius, way back in 1992. “A republic seems unlikely in both Canada and New Zealand and in Australia republicans need a majority of the votes and in four of the six states which is far from certain. “Previous referenda in Tuvalu and St Vincent and the Grenadines were in favour of keeping the link with the crown.  “The referendum in Australia in 1999 did so too and republicans were memorably shocked by it." He added: “The appeal of the monarchy involves a feeling for history, tradition and ceremonial. There is, of course, the link with the Queen, who heads the world’s most high profile monarchy and with that comes a very special cachet. “After the Queen comes Prince Charles, who will succeed as Head of the Commonwealth and after him come the Cambridges, who have many admirers and who also support important charitable causes. “The future of the institution is, I believe in good hands.” 