The Ukrainian Foreign Minister once again reiterated his appeal for additional support from the West as he warned attacks on civilian areas have increased in recent days. Mr Kuleba accused Russia of targeting residential areas in violation of the rules of war, as he claimed reports have been made about "women being raped" by Russian soldiers in occupied areas of the country. The Foreign Minister backed calls for the creation of a special criminal tribunal to investigate Vladimir Putin and his actions throughout the ongoing conflict. Mr Kuleba said: "When bombs fall on your cities, when soldiers rape women in the occupied cities – and we have numerous cases unfortunately of Russian soldiers raping Ukrainian women in cities, it's difficult to speak about the efficiency of international law. "But this is the biggest tool of civilisation available to us to make sure that, in the end, all those who made this war possible will be brought to justice. "The Russian Federation, as a country who committed an act of aggression, will also be held accountable for its deeds. "We're using all tools available, including the ICJ, and the European Court of Human Rights." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG The Ukrainian politician did not clarify whether the claims pre-dated the invasion. Kherson resident Svetlana Zorina also claimed going outside had become "dangerous" not only because of the bombs but because of reported cases of rape. She told talkRadio: "They started to rape our women so now it's very dangerous to go outside, especially when it's dark. "I heard about a few cased from people I know, unfortunately." READ MORE: Putin's ex-spokesman stuns Ferrari with 'breathtaking' prediction of Ukraine's future Human rights organisations last week warned sexual violence against Ukrainian women would likely increase based on records from previous conflicts. Sexual violence has been repeatedly used as a "weapon of war" and could be included in the arsenal deployed to subjugate Ukraine. Freedom from Torture director Steve Crawshaw suggested Russia's own conduct record had him envisage torture and human rights violations will rise in Ukraine. Speaking to The Independent, Mr Crawshaw said: "We saw torture when Moscow was seeking to impose with dramatic force in Chechnya. The pattern of torture became absolutely notorious. And rape was definitely part of that. “Again and again in the context of conflict, we see torture used as a form of punishment and violation. "It is mindless violence with terrible consequences for those who suffer it. “In the context of war, women are often targeted as a form of brutal dehumanising, with rape, including gang rape, routinely used as a weapon of war. "Many of the survivors who come to us from Sri Lanka to the Democratic Republic of Congo have suffered terribly in this.” The United Nation in 2008 voted by a majority to recognise rape as a tactic of war and a "threat to international security." Under UN Resolution 1820, the United Nation stressed the need for “the exclusion of sexual violence crimes from amnesty provisions in the context of conflict resolution processes."