Carol Vorderman, 61, treated fans to a series of stunning snaps of the scenery from her trip to Wales. The ex-Countdown host posed in walking gear and sunglasses as she enjoyed the sunshine on one of her favourite scenic walks. The presenter then shared a dilemma in the caption, as she pondered why she ever leaves her home country when she loves it so much. She wrote in view of her 214,000 followers: “Stunning morning here #Wales. “One of my favourite walks. Gorse coming out in ‘full flavour’. “Back inside to get prepped for a podcast with @lawrence_dallaglio...Happy days. READ MORE:Naga Munchetty reacts after colleagues 'decide to step away' from BBC “Don't ever want to leave here. Then I ask myself, ‘Well why do you leave?’...and it's hard to find an answer to that to be honest...Hmmmmm.” More than one hundred followers took to the comments to compliment Carol’s photographs. Kaz said: “Aww just beautiful, one of the best places to be.” Gavin added: “God’s country.” While Thomas gushed: “Beautiful photo, beautiful lady. Enjoy your day.” And Joolz penned: “As stunning as you are Carol.” Although Carol was born in Bedford, the family relocated to North Wales when she was just three-weeks-old following her mother’s split from her father. The star's family lived in Prestatyn and she attended Blessed Edward Jones Catholic High School in Rhyl before leaving to study at Cambridge University when she was 17. DON'T MISSStrictly star's tears as family 'turned back' at Ukraine border[LATEST]Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert[INSIGHT]Phillip Schofield 'gutted' as host breaks silence on Holly's absence[NEWS] It comes as Carol has been spending a large amount of time in West Wales, as she has been busy converting her van into a motorhome. In an update shared last week, it is clear the transformation is already well underway. Carol sat inside the van, which she has nicknamed Vorders' Van, and showed off that it was covered in blue tape to map out the layout. She wrote: “Wayne @vanlifebuilds and I taping out the basic design for @vordersvan Inc toilet/shower room, kitchen, bed and garage areas, the windows to be put in. “So exciting, some shots show the kind of finish I like from another van.” Another video showed the team installing windows. Carol explained that she had decided to have extra windows put into the kitchen area, and at the end of the bed, alongside a sliding door and skylights. Last month, Carol explained that she bought the van so she could have “freedom”. She said: “This is about freedom and being outside and sharing the stars and the good air and great friendships...unburdened. "Watch out wild world...We’re coming atcha.”