Each star sign in the zodiac has different qualities, needs, and desires when it comes to finding love and being in love. Virgo, the sixth sign in the zodiac, is represented by the Virgin. Although some of Virgo’s personality traits are well-known, such as their tendency towards perfectionism, their ways of showing love towards others are lesser known. The Virgin sign finds it hard to find love as Virgos don’t always trust people, but when they do like someone, they give it their all. Horoscope.com said: “Once Virgos give their heart, they give everything. “They expect absolute honesty and give the same in return. A Virgo truly believes that partnership means ‘what’s mine is yours’, and this sign elevates a partnership above all else. “Because Virgos believe in lifelong love, a breakup or betrayal can be particularly devastating.” READ MORE: 'Tragic': Kate Middleton's body language shows 'suppressed distress' Virgo’s top love matches are Taurus, Cancer, and Capricorn. Of the love match between Virgo and Taurus, Horoscope.com said: “Two earth signs, Taurus and Virgo innately get each other, and they believe that drama takes away from partnership. “These two signs are happy to swap social media passwords – each knows that the other has nothing to hide.” It is still only three months into the new year and, like for every star sign, 2022 is an opportunity for Virgo to turn over a new leaf. DON'T MISS: Sophie Wessex’s £105k engagement ring has 'three heart-shaped stones' [PICTURES]Princess Charlene breaks her silence with new statement [NEWS]Damning royal poll results expose crumbling support base [OPINION] Horoscope.com said: “This is your year to surpass the goals you set for yourself last year, Virgo. “It helps to know that Mercury, your fast-moving home planet, makes you naturally quick and alert, so you easily make the transition from sign to sign and adapt accordingly. “You keep your eye on your goals through every phase and work to meet or exceed them at every turn.” But what about today and the upcoming days? Today, March 12, Virgos are urged to go for a “mysterious” approach when looking for love. The astrologists said: “You may feel like taking advantage of a favourable celestial atmosphere today to attract a certain person into your life. “If you are going out to a party, make sure you wear the right kind of glitzy clothes with a touch of glamour about them. “Don't wear anything that makes you look less than a million dollars, as it is that mysterious and seductive approach that will land you the prize.” As for the rest of the week, according to astrologists, “romantic Venus is partnered with rebellious Uranus-ruled Aquarius”, which is urging Virgos “to make a change”. Horoscope.com added: “For those of you stuck in a dating rut, this pioneering transit can help you break free from the boredom you might be feeling. “Trying something new for the first time is stressful but also exciting.” Furthermore, the rest of March is the perfect time for Virgos to “work your way down a to-do list that’s been gathering dust because the tasks on it just aren’t that pleasant”. The astrology experts continued: “Get them done and move on, Virgo.”