Ulrika Jonsson, 54, has said that she still refuses to give up her Swedish passport even after having lived in the UK for 43 years. She explained that it gives her a sense of belonging. Ulrika revealed that holding on to her passport is important, as it allows her to express her origins. She explained that renewing it was a “bureaucratic nightmare”. The star wrote in her piece for The Sun on Friday: “I refuse to surrender my Swedish passport despite having lived in this country for 43 of my 54 years. “It gives me a sense of belonging and is an expression of my origins.” READ MORE: Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby She went on to praise her home country and all it has done for refugees and immigrants from war-torn countries. “Very kindly and very humanely, Sweden has done the right thing by allowing in immigrants and refugees from poor and war-torn countries,” Ulrika wrote. But she added that they are sadly beginning to “buckle”. The presenter explained that she will never relent, despite being made to feel that she has to “earn” her passport. “So, I now have to effectively earn my Swedish passport by stating every time I’ve visited my home country. “But no matter how hard they try to make me give it up, I will never relent. I was born Swedish and wish to die Swedish. “So, over my dead body, Sweden. You will NEVER get rid of me,” she reiterated. Ulrika also spoke in her column about how she feels parents have “gone soft” on their kids. DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury says she's ‘lucky to be alive’ in new health update [UPDATE] Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [PHOTOS] ‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [INSIGHT] The Swedish-British presenter said that she went for lunch not long ago, and was sitting next to a family with two young children. The star complained the children were noisy and it was the parents who were bothering her more than the kids. She said that the “constant pandering to their offspring” began to annoy her. Ulrika said that giving too many choices to children creates a lot of problems. She also pointed out that despite being strict, she is also a liberal parent. The mum-of-four insists on good behaviour and “b****y good manners.” She penned: “The more choice you give, the more they will run rings around you. “And that’s not a bit of me.”