HBO's The Sopranos gripped fans for almost 10 years, with it holding their attention from 1999 until 2007. The New Jersey mob show launched the careers of many of its cast members, and Express.co.uk has everything you need to know about the show's main cast and where they are today.  The show followed Tony, a high-profile Italian-American criminal and his family and the trials and tribulations that came with their crime lifestyle. After the series wrapped, actor James appeared in a series of movies after leaving the show. His career was growing, but the star died of a heart attack in Rome in 2013. The 51-year-old can also be seen in films such as Zero Dark Thirty, Enough Said and The Drop.    Tony's wife Carmela, like her on-screen partner, won multiple awards for her acting on the show. Following the show's success, she took on the title role of Jackie Peyton in Nurse Jackie from 2009 until 2015, and she is set to appear in upcoming blockbuster films Avatar two and three. The actress had previously revealed she and co-star Aida Turturro tried to watch the show years after it finished as they had never seen it, but the pair didn't make it far. She said to the New Yorker: "It was too fraught, and a big part of that is Jim. People die and you move on, then you see them on screen, and it is too shocking. And Jimmy and I were kids then! Ending with: "Aida and I watched a few episodes, and I said, 'This is killing me.'"   Meadow was pushed to go to college and have a high-profile career away from the Soprano family's criminal lifestyle. At the end of the series, Meadow and Patrick Parisi (Daniel Sauli) get engaged, and in her final scene is seen struggling to park her car while her family waits for her in their favourite diner. Fans will remember seeing Tony wary of everyone in the diner as he is expecting a hitman to possibly strike. Jamie-Lynn went on to have a successful career both on the small and big screen. Only 17 when the show first aired, she grew into a strong character and has also starred in the Broadway production of Beauty and the Beast as Belle between 2002 and 2003 and as Cinderella at Madison Square Garden in 2001. Her most recent TV credit was as Tonya in ABC's Big Sky. DON’T MISS…Ruby Wax age: How old is Ruby Wax? [LATEST]'Keep my wife's name out of your f*****g mouth' Will Smith hits Chris Rock at Oscars 2022 [LATEST]Coleen Nolan sparks fury as Loose Women fans blast 'fat-shaming' Boris jibe 'Bit personal' [LATEST]   Robert Iler's on-screen character suffered from depression in the series. Also known as Anthony, he was the troubled younger brother of Tony and Carmela's daughter Meadow. The actor struggled with substance abuse issues for some time, but became sober in 2013. The star went on to appear in one episode of Law & Order in 2009.   Tony's cousin and protege Christopher was killed off in the final run of The Sopranos as the head of the family feared he would expose them. Like many former cast members, he went on to star in Law & Order and as Law Detective Ray Carling in the US version of the BBC's Life On Mars. Most recently, he appeared as Dominic Di Grasso in The White Lotus The Sopranos is available to watch on HBO in the USA and NOW in the UK.