Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William embarked on an eight-day royal tour to Belize, Jamaica, and the Bahamas to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee across the Commonwealth. The visit comes at a time of high unrest in Jamaica, where politicians and locals have been clamouring for the removal of Her Majesty as their Head of State. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been warned attempts to charm the nation are a "waste of time" as it is unlikely the pair will change locals' minds. Good Morning Britain correspondent Noel Phillips said: "William and Kate will be arriving at the airport about 10 miles from here. "They will be greeted by the Prime Minister and no doubt be given a warm welcome. "But I've been speaking to a source within the Prime Minister's Government who has told me that as soon as they leave, Jamaica will begin the process of removing the Queen as Head of State." He continued: "I'm trying to make sense myself as to why they are hosting William and Kate knowing very well they are going to remove the Queen as Head of State. JUST IN: Kate dazzles in 'fantastic' new pictures as Duchess takes 'spectacular' trip with William  "And that this diplomatic charm mission appears to be a complete waste of time." Jamaica will mark its 60th independence anniversary in August, which prompted a coalition of Jamaican politicians, business leaders, doctors, and musicians to call for the British monarchy to pay slavery reparations in an open letter. They wrote: "We note with great concern your visit to our country Jamaica, during a period when we are still in the throes of a global pandemic and bracing for the full impact of another global crisis associated with the Russian/Ukraine war. "We see no reason to celebrate 70 years of the ascension of your grandmother to the British throne because her leadership, and that of her predecessors, has perpetuated the greatest human rights tragedy in the history of humankind." READ MORE: 'Not self-conscious' Prince William makes rare reference about Prince Harry on Belize trip The group is understood to be planning to stage a protest on Tuesday outside the British High Commission in the capital Kingston. Kate and William will travel to King's House for a meeting with the Governor-General of Jamaica Sir Patrick Linton Allen and later celebrate the sporting and musical heritage of Jamaica on Tuesday. The Duke and Duchess face further protests with Jamaican campaigners accusing the Queen and her predecessors of perpetuating slavery. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' [LIVE] How Royal Family pick their partners - body language [INSIGHT] Christopher Biggins claims Queen is 'largely confined to wheelchair' [REPORT] Businesswoman Krystle Daley insisted her country is not opposed to the Queen or other members of the Royal Family but wants them to acknowledge the consequences slavery had on her country. Ms Daley said: "Let me just make this clear – we do not hate the Queen and we do not hate the Royal Family. "What we are saying is this year we are approaching 60 years since our independence and since then, we're saying we need to be fully independent of the royal monarchy. "We are not throwing dirt at William and Kate, for lack of a better expression. What about the conversation about reparations?