What you put into your body really impacts how you feel, as nutrition plays a big role in immunity, energy levels, and the prevention – or risk factor – for numerous health conditions, ranging from high blood pressure to cancer. Have you heard of the "energy diet" recommended by the NHS? The health body stated: "The best way to eat to keep up your energy levels is to follow a healthy, balanced diet." To adhere to the energy diet, there are six main components to consider. Firstly, as would be expected in a healthy diet, the energy diet consists of at least five portions of fruit and vegetables every day. Secondly, meals should be based on "starchy carbohydrates", such as whole grain rice, pasta, bread or potatoes. Thirdly, adding in some dairy – or dairy alternatives – would be helpful, as long as they are "lower-fat" and "lower-sugar" options. In addition, the consumption of beans, pulses, fish, eggs, and meat is part of the energy-boosting diet. READ MORE: Cancer symptoms – 'Frequent' sensations warning of a growing tumour inside of the body For meat eaters, two portions of fish per week is recommended, including one portion of oily fish. When it comes to oils and spreads, choose unsaturated versions, such as sunflower oil. And, lastly, do include six to eight glasses of fluid, such as water, every day to boost energy levels. As well as what is included in an energy-boosting diet, when you eat is just as important. The NHS advises you to "eat at regular times" to help sustain energy levels throughout the day. This would include breakfast, lunch and dinner, which can be interspersed with healthy snacks, such as fruit or low-fat yoghurt. Breakfast options to boost energy: For those really adverse to breakfast, it is encouraged to grab a piece of fruit while you're on the go. Iron-rich foods can also help to stave off iron deficiency anaemia, which can make you feel tired and run down. Iron-rich foods include: kidney beans, edamame beans, chickpeas, nuts, and dried apricots. The key to getting enough iron in your diet is to eat different sources of iron – eating dried apricots everyday wouldn't be considered a balanced diet. Also watch out for sugary foods, which can lead to a rush of energy in the moment, but it soon wears off. To avoid a sugar high and crash, limit foods with added sugar, such as: What about supplements? "Most people don't need to take vitamin supplements to improve their energy levels," the NHS stated. If you adhere to an energy diet, which is a well-balanced, varied diet, you should have all the energy you need. Should you suspect an underlying health condition causing you fatigue, discuss your concerns to your doctor.