The British Liver Trust (BLT) says liver problems develop silently with no obvious symptoms in the early stages yet the disease is largely preventable through lifestyle changes. The disease tends to develop in people who are overweight or obese or have diabetes, high cholesterol or high triglycerides.  A healthy liver should contain little or no fat, though the NHS estimates up to one in every three people in the UK has early stages of NAFLD, where there are small amounts of fat in their liver. The American liver foundation says that if more than five to 10 percent of the liver’s weight is fat, then it is called a fatty liver. The Cleveland Clinic says that the symptoms of fatty liver disease often do not show until the disease progresses to cirrhosis of the liver, which is when scarring of the liver occurs. The organisation says that if you do have symptoms, they may include abdominal pain or a feeling of fullness in the upper right side of the abdomen. READ MORE: Confidence is all in the mind – how to be comfortable in your own skin  It notes that you may also experience nausea, loss of appetite or weight loss The BLT says: “Cirrhosis is the result of long-term, continuous damage to the liver and may be due to many different causes. “The damage leads to scarring, known as fibrosis. Irregular bumps (nodules) replace the smooth liver tissue and the liver becomes harder. Together, the scarring and the nodules are called cirrhosis.” It says there are some “later symptoms, as the liver is struggling to function”. DON'T MISS:  The charity says some of these signs are forgetfulness, memory loss, confusion and drowsiness. It adds that some people experience subtle changes in personality. According to the charity there are also some red flag symptoms. It says: “If you have any of the following symptoms you must see a doctor straight away, especially if you have recently been diagnosed with cirrhosis:  It explains: “Although these symptoms may seem very different, because your liver is responsible for so many different functions, if it stops working properly, a range of problems can result.” The Mayo Clinic says you should make an appointment with your doctor if you have persistent signs and symptoms that cause you concern. If you develop severe cirrhosis, stage four fatty liver disease, and your liver stops working properly, you may need to be put on the waiting list for a liver transplant. There's not currently any medicine that can treat NAFLD, but various medicines can be useful in managing the problems associated with the condition.  “Early-stage NAFLD does not usually cause any harm, but it can lead to serious liver damage, including cirrhosis, if it gets worse,” the NHS website states. Having high levels of fat in your liver is also associated with an increased risk of other health problems, such as diabetes, high blood pressure and kidney disease. If detected and managed at an early stage, NAFLD can be stopped from getting worse and the amount of fat in your liver can be reduced. The NHS explains: "NAFLD is often diagnosed after a blood test called a liver function test produces an abnormal result and other liver conditions, such as hepatitis, are ruled out." 