Lewis Hamilton has warned there is “no room for error” at Saudi Arabia’s Jeddah Corniche Circuit in a worrying admission ahead of this weekend’s race. Hamilton described the track as “hair raising” and an “edge-of-seat” experience as he described a lap of the track to Petronas Motorsports. The Mercedes driver said: “The track is so fast, the most high-speed street circuit we have your eyes are as open as they can be your pulling in a lot of information. He added: “Concrete walls to your left and to your right. It’s hair raising, there’s really no room for error.” Last year, Hamilton warned traffic was becoming an issue for drivers starting hotlaps. He warned parts of the track were becoming “danger zones” and that it was “worse” than F1’s other street tracks. He said: “Yeah, that's definitely a lot worse than a lot of places we go to - Monaco-esque. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton could quit F1 if Mercedes can't challenge for wins  "The closing-difference speeds is definitely getting to a bit of a danger zone. It really is incredibly fast, a lot of grip as well and once you get the rhythm, it's beautiful to drive.” His Mercedes team-mate George Russell also discussed the dangers of the Jeddah circuit ahead of this weekend's Grand Prix. He said: “You need to treat a circuit like that with more respect. The first two sectors have a really nice flow to it you;ll get a millimetre perfect to the walls and brushing up against it.” He added: “You've got to be in the right frame of mind. The championship is not won over one race, it’s won over a season and that’s where we need to find the best compromise.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton and Mercedes told to be 'realistic' about Saudi GP [COMMENT]Toto Wolff stokes the flames with answer about Verstappen and Horner [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton accused of 'using the force' on Sergio Perez [ANALYSIS] In last year’s race, Mick Schumacher was involved in a high-speed crash at the fast turn 22 sweeper while Kimi Raikkonen touched the Mercedes of Valtteri Bottas during qualifying with the cars narrowly avoiding a crash. Charles Leclerc was also involved in a heavy shunt during Friday's free practice sessions. Red Bull’s Sergio Perez warned the track was “very dangerous” due to blind corners. He said: “I just feel the track is a bit too risky without reason, with the speeds that we’re doing with the deltas around the track from some other cars, and it’s a bit unnecessary.”