It is thought that up to seven wildfires broke out as a result of either Russian shelling or arson, according to Ukrainian parliament. Ukraine said that the fires have been "burning unchecked" in the area which is currently under control by Russian forces. According to Ukraine's State Service of Special Communications, this has sparked fears of that "the radiation smoke could spread"  This comes after Ukraine’s intelligence department warned Putin was plotting a terrorist attack on the Chernobyl plant. The department tweeted: “Putin is preparing a terrorist attack on the Chernobyl nuclear power plant. "The Russian-controlled Chernobyl nuclear power plant plans to create a man-made catastrophe, for which the occupiers will try to shift responsibility to Ukraine." The site of the worst nuclear disaster ever in 1986 has been under the control of Russian troops since the early stages of the invasion. Around 210 staff of the plant were taken hostage by the soldiers, and have been forced to keep working in reportedly poor conditions. The UN's nuclear agency confirmed that for the first time, the remaining members of the one shift technical staff were relieved. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said: "Ukraine's regulatory authority said about half of the outgoing shift of technical staff left the site of the 1986 accident yesterday and the rest followed today, with the exception of thirteen staff members who declined to rotate." This plant lost power several times during Russian troops' occupation.  And the staff at Chernobyl reportedly refused to carry out any more safety-related repairs due to sheer exhaustion. This sparked fears that radioactive material could leak from the plant as a cooling system regulating nuclear waste has to run on a backup diesel generator. Ukrenergo, Ukraine's electricity operator, warned on Facebook: “The Chornobyl NPP [Nuclear Power Plant] is an important facility that cannot be left without a reliable energy supply. "Unimpeded and quick access of Ukrenergo repair crews to these lines for inspections and repairs is extremely important not only for Ukrainian consumers but also for Europe as a whole." This is a breaking story. More to follow.