After fielding a team with no goalkeeper and only one defender, the club put a plea for help on social media following the embarrassing thrashing by Avenue FC. Specsavers spotted the post, and connected the side with Bullard, with the end goal of moving them up the league. Over the next few months Jimmy will put the squad through their paces with a series of drills, challenges and workshops. And as well as making sure the players’ eyesight is up to scratch, Specsavers has also provided the Cavaliers with a slick new kit and given them nutritional supplements. Jimmy Bullard said: “The squad are desperately in need of a bit of help from The Bulldog. “They’ve been trounced in every game this season, and I’m telling anyone who will listen if we don’t get involved now it’s very clear they are going to end up smack at the bottom of their league. “Never fear though – together with Specsavers, we are hoping to turn the tables on their fortunes by refocusing the team, driving new player sign-ups, and ensuring the lads are on top form for their matches. “I’m looking forward to taking these underdogs, Cavaliers FC, under my wing and sharing my tips and experience to help them win their upcoming games. “There is a lot of hard work to be done, but hopefully this will set them on a path to league glory – or at least winning a game this season.” Team manager and founder Ben Gage is eager to turn things around for his Manchester League division two team. He added: “We started the season full of optimism and things went absolutely brilliantly – for the other teams. “As things stand, we’ve now played 11 matches and lost all 11 games. We scored a total of five goals and conceded 113. “In our first game we lost 3-1 but we were feeling confident going forward. However, in our second match we then lost 16-0, and everything that could have gone wrong, did go wrong in that game. “Since then, we’ve continued to lose every game, including a huge thrashing where we lost 26-0 in a game where we had no keeper and just one defender. “Our players are fed-up and starting to lose interest. That’s when we issued our plea on social media to find some new experienced players and swap the squad around. “In the future we’d like to progress up the leagues and perhaps eventually get into semi-pro – but for now we need to just concentrate on winning our first match of the season.” Specsavers will be documenting the team’s progress on a dedicated YouTube channel, with the help of resident armchair fans, Statman Dave and Stephen Tries.