The 19-year-old, who the ITV show called Alex to keep his identity a secret, appeared on Good Morning Britain alongside his mum as he recalled why he decided to fly to Ukraine to help fight against the Russian Army. However, the interview soon got heated when Martin Lewis grilled the teenager as he asked him "What did you think you were doing?" "You'd gone out there in order to help?" Susanna began. "Did you go out there in order to fight?" "It wasn't really about fighting," Alex admitted. "it was more about putting a smile on someone's face when they're walking past that borderline or putting a smile on someone's face who is walking miles and miles." "You could have gone to Poland and helped, couldn't you?" the host pointed out. "The refugee effort, but you went into Ukraine." Alex explained when he arrived in Ukraine he had to sign a contract to join the army. READ MORE: Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? Chipping into the discussion, Martin said: "Looking at you now, and you'll excuse me for saying this, you look 19. "You look like you're just out of school, you're a young man, you've got no military experience whatsoever. "What did you think you were doing in reality? Have you ever been interested in joining the Armed Forces? "Was this totally out of the blue or was this a lifelong passion and you thought you'd do it this way."  "I had been thinking about joining the army from a young age," Alex explained. "But it was more I was watching children walking with no family members and it just hit me that I needed to stand up and do something." Martin hit back: "But the guidance said if you didn't have the military experience you shouldn't be applying, didn't it?" "Yes," the teenager admitted before Martin added: "But you still went ahead and took that risk?" He explained: "Yes, it still didn't stop me, it didn't shake me at all that I didn't have military experience. In my head, I knew what I was doing." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street heartache as Abi Franklin flees with Imran Habeeb? [SPOILERS]Judi Dench swoons over The Repair Shop's Jay Blades [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Madeleine star spills on friendship with Ardal [EXCLUSIVE] Alex's mum, Lisa went on to add she had no idea her son was planning on flying to Ukraine. "We just thought it was one of his jokes," she told the hosts. "So, we weren't sure whether to believe him." The segment left viewers divided, and while some branded the interview "emotional", others slammed Alex for his actions. Nicola Hudson raged: "What a silly boy! He thought it would be like a video game! Quickly realised after 6 days that they were firing real bullets & dropping real bombs & McDonald’s didn’t deliver so went home to his mam!! Such a non-story!!" (sic) Tyson tweeted: "What a poor fabricated story from GMB. Utter rubbish, I know this new generation think they are soldiers because they play it online but come on, are we expected to believe this poor story?" While Joanna said: "Why are you giving air time to this very stupid boy? Clearly spends too much time on the PlayStation." "Oh my god what trash interview .. you GMB are so bad and can keep your exclusive pointless interviews," Simon fumed. However, John praised: "Yes very emotional interview by Susanna and Martin of that young man there, with what he did in going to Ukraine to help the war effort. Great advice by that young man there though, in saying best not to go due to how it would affect the family." (sic) Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.