Members of the Royal Family attended an event in honour of the Duke of Edinburgh at Westminster Abbey on Tuesday. But columnist Rod Liddle said that watching the service "you just got the feeling the whole thing is kind of falling apart". Mr Liddle said the Queen has "endured a pretty horrible quarter of a century". He highlighted Princess Diana's death, the scandal over Prince Andrew's friendship with Jeffrey Epstein and the Sussexes quitting royal duties. Writing in The Sun, Mr Liddle said: "Much like the Duke of Edinburgh, the Queen suffered all these slings and arrows with great stoicism. "But you just got the feeling, watching that moving service, that the whole thing is kind of falling apart." Mr Liddle added that Prince William and Kate's recent Caribbean tour gave the "same sense". He said: "Our old empire has had enough of the Royal Family, it seems. But I’m not sure that over here things are much different." Mr Liddle said the Queen is an "exceptional woman" and singled out the Princess Royal as the only member of the monarchy who comes close to being in the same league. The commentator said that there "is no great appetite for Prince Charles as King". READ MORE: Kate's talkative nature 'echoes Queen Mother' He added that Prince William and Kate "seem nice enough", but said the exceptionality that defines the Queen's reign is lacking among other members of the Firm. Mr Liddle said: "The Queen made it work, because she is an exceptional woman. "I don’t see that exceptionality in the rest of them — Anne, perhaps, excepted." Mr Liddle's comments come after the Queen made her first major official engagement outside of a royal residence for nearly six months at Philip's memorial service. DON'T MISSPrincess Charlotte couldn't stop 'looking around' at Philip memorial [INSIGHT]Charles and William must step in to save 'Queen from more damage' [ANALYSIS]Royal POLL: Should Queen take a backseat to Charles? [POLL] The 95-year-old monarch used a walking stick and was escorted to her seat by Prince Andrew. Confirmation she would be present came just hours before the event began, with the Queen taking the decision in the morning that she would be able to attend. Concerns for the head of state's health have been heightened since she spent a night in hospital last October. She was put on doctors' orders to rest and pulled out of a number of engagements. The Queen also recovered from a bout of Covid earlier this year. 