Vladimir Putin has been calling on countries buying gas from Russia to pay for their supplies in rubles in a bid to give the Russian economy a boost after severe sanctions were levelled against his country. In a meeting with allies following a phone call with European leaders, Putin said he is ready to have all contracts stopped by April 1 if the countries do not change their stance. He insisted that if unfriendly countries do not pay in rubles, "we will consider this a default on gas contracts" in which case the existing contracts will be stopped.  The Russian president said: "In order to purchase Russian natural gas, they must open rouble accounts in Russian banks. "It is from these accounts that payments will be made for gas delivered starting from tomorrow." He added: "If such payments are not made, we will consider this a default on the part of buyers, with all the ensuing consequences. "Nobody sells us anything for free, and we are not going to do charity either - that is, existing contracts will be stopped." READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG Russia supplies about a third of Europe's gas, so energy is the most powerful lever at Putin's disposal as he tries to hit back against sweeping Western sanctions over his invasion of Ukraine. President Putin's decision to enforce rouble payments boosted the Russian currency, which fell to historic lows after the Feb. 24 invasion but has since recovered. Western companies and governments rejected the move as a breach of existing contracts. France's economy minister said Paris and Berlin were preparing for a possible scenario in which Russian gas flows could be halted. The move would plunge Europe into a full-blown energy crisis. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as 300 troops 'hitchhike home' after feeling they were 'left for dead' Under the new diktat, foreign buyers are now obliged to transfer foreign currency to one special, so called "K", account. Gazprombank is then expected to buy roubles on behalf of the gas buyer to transfer roubles to another special "K" account. Gazprombank would then transfer rouble funds from a 'K' type account of the foreign gas buyer to Gazprom's rouble accounts, the order said. Gazprombank can open such accounts without the presence of a foreign buyer's representative. DON'T MISS:Putin dissent grows as ex military leader slams Russian military plan [NEW]Ukrainians 'stunned' by incompetent Russian military, says journalist [REPORT]Radioactive materials stolen from Chernobyl may be used in dirty bomb [EXPERT]  The announcement came as Washington unveiled a series of new sanctions targeting Russian individuals and companies. The US Treasury confirmed on Thursday an additional 13 people and 21 entities had been added to their punishment lists. In collaboration with the European Union, the UK and other NATO allies, the US has heavily targeted Moscow to push back against the invasion of Ukraine. But Kyiv has urged the Western world to come out full force against Putin for targeting his neighbour with heavy bombing and attempts to seize its sovereignty.