Russia’s football team is banned from European competition, with its club sides expelled from the Champions League and the Europa League. But that has not stopped the Russian FA suggesting it wants to rival the UK and Ireland in a bid to host Euro 2028. A joint expression of interest by the English, Scottish, Welsh, Northern Irish and Republic of Ireland Football Associations this week was submitted to UEFA this week. A statement read: "The governments of the UK, Ireland, Scotland and Wales have confirmed their support for the expression of interest submission and, given the Northern Ireland Executive is currently not meeting formally, officials there continue to observe the process closely. "This unprecedented partnership of five associations offers something special to European football, including the potential for an expanded tournament, and we are passionate about maximising the sustainability and legacy benefits for communities across the UK and Ireland." JUST IN: Paul Pogba could be ideal for Arsenal but Arteta won't pursue deal However, Johnson appears to have forgotten about this bid. Insisting that Russian troops should withdraw from Ukraine, Johnson went on to suggest that UEFA should allow Ukraine to host the tournament. Asked by an interviewer on Sky News if Ukraine should instead host the tournament, the PM said: “Look, I think that the idea of Russia hosting any kind of football tournament or any kind of cultural event is beyond satire. I can’t think that anybody would seriously consider their suggestion. “Of course, I think that the best thing possible would be for the entire Russian armed forces to retire forthwith from Ukraine and hand the tournament to them.” DON'T MISS...Arsenal's £220m transfer shortlist as Mikel Arteta and Edu decide moveFA's stance emerges as Liverpool ask to move FA Cup clash vs Man CityChelsea captain Cesar Azpilicueta torn over Barcelona contract offer The FAs of all four UK nations and the Republic of Ireland had initially hoped to stage a bid to host the 2030 World Cup. The tournament will mark 100 years since the first World Cup, held in Uruguay. A whopping £2.8million was spent on a feasibility test to see whether the tournament could be hosted. However, it has since been decided to instead attempt to bid for Euro 2028. Turkey’s FA has also announced its expression of interest submitted to UEFA. 