Manchester United legend Roy Keane has told Marcus Rashford to concentrate on improving on the pitch rather than thinking about his long-term future. Rashford is reportedly considering leaving United after growing frustrated at his lack of game time under Ralf Rangnick. The England international has been tipped with a move to the likes of Arsenal in recent days. Rashford was brought into the United starting XI for the visit of Tottenham on Saturday. It was just his ninth start in the Premier League this season. The 24-year-old has struggled to regain his form after missing the first few weeks of the campaign due to injury. But Keane is insistent that Rashford can bounce back from this tough period. TOP STORY: Lionel Messi and Neymar break Pochettino's golden rule he installed at Tottenham  And he has urged him to work hard to rediscover his form rather than looking at a move elsewhere. Speaking ahead of the Spurs clash, Keane said on Sky Sports: "He's had a difficult few months, a lot of players do, they have their ups and downs, he's got to get through it, maybe simplify his game, start running in behind, start enjoying it again. "You have to remind Marcus that, despite all the brilliant things he's done, he's playing for Manchester United which is honestly one of the best feelings in the world, playing for a big club. "He's got an opportunity today, he's got to take it. DON'T MISSArsenal could axe 13 players this summer as Mikel Arteta finalises Emirates clear-out [OPINION]Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has dropped hint he may not even sign new striker this summer [QUOTES]Thomas Tuchel makes decision on leaving Chelsea as Man Utd show interest [REPORT]  "Whatever speculation is going on in the background, and his team are making statements that he's contemplating his future, focus on the game today. "It's Spurs at home in front of Old Trafford, a big game for Man United. "Turn up, get a chance, run in behind. I think he's got to make the most of that. Simplify his game. "But when he gets a chance and he sees that space, run. Don't forget to run." The Guardian claimed last week that Rashford is considering his future at United.  Arsenal legend Ray Parlour is among those to have thrown the Gunners' name in the mix. "Marcus Rashford is going through a bit of a bad spell but he’s a top player," Parlour told talkSPORT. "I am sure lots of clubs will be enquiring about Marcus Rashford if he was available in the summer. "Certainly Arsenal, I would love him to come to Arsenal. That’s the position Arsenal need to look at this summer, it’s vital for the club."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here