In order to ward off a heart attack, there are "three main steps" to take, as instructed by the NHS. These including a healthy, balanced diet, being a non-smoker, and aiming for a healthy blood pressure reading. A healthy blood pressure reading Measured in millimetres of mercury (mmHg), healthy blood pressure readings tend to be between 90/60mmHg to 120/80mmHg. The first number is the systolic blood pressure number; this measures the pressure in the blood arteries when the heart pushes blood out. Meanwhile, the second number is the diastolic blood pressure number, which measures the pressure in the arteries when the heart is resting between beats. If you use a blood pressure monitor at home, the NHS advises you to "relax and not talk" when operating the machinery. "Having this quick test is the only way to find out what your blood pressure is – and it could save your life," the NHS stated. A blood pressure reading between 120/80mmHg to 140/90mmHg is considered as elevated blood pressure. READ MORE: Cancer symptoms – 'Frequent' sensations warning of a growing tumour inside of the body Any reading of 140/90mmHg is a high blood pressure reading, which should be read as a warning sign of an impending heart attack or stroke. Thankfully, high blood pressure can be reversed, with one of the recommendations being not to smoke. The charity Blood Pressure UK said: "Stopping smoking is one of the best things you can do for your overall health and your blood pressure." Each cigarette causes a temporary spike in blood pressure, alongside damage to blood vessel walls, and increasing the likelihood of life-threatening blood clots. What is a healthy diet? "You should aim to follow a Mediterranean-style diet," the NHS certified. "This means eating more bread, fruit, vegetables and fish, and less meat." Butter and cheese, for example, are better replaced with vegetable and plant oil, such as olive oil. A healthy diet that helps to promote a lower blood pressure reading is also low in salt. One fact is simple and clear – "salt raises blood pressure", with the more salt eaten, the higher the blood pressure reading. Another key way to bring down blood pressure readings, alongside promoting longevity, is to eat a low-fat diet that includes a lot of fibre. Fibre-rich foods include wholegrain rice, bread, pasta, and plenty of fruit and vegetables. Included in your dietary decisions is what to drink with your meals, or throughout the day. "Regularly exceeding the recommended alcohol limits raises your blood pressure and cholesterol level, increasing your risk of a heart attack," the NHS warned. People are advised to have several drink-free days throughout the week and to have no more than 14 units of alcohol per week. Binge drinking can be extremely dangerous, which is when a large volume of alcohol is consumed within a short amount of time. To illustrate, six pints of average-strength beer is equivalent to 14 units. "Binge drinking can cause a sudden and large rise in your blood pressure, which could be potentially dangerous," the NHS elaborated.