Question of Sport airs weekly on Friday evenings but fans of the BBC quiz show will be disappointed this week. Paddy McGuinness and team captains Sam Quek and Ugo Monye will be missing from the programming schedule to make way for a Six Nations fixture between Wales and France. Coverage of the Six Nations match begins at 7.30pm on BBC One and concludes at 10.10pm. Gabby Logan presents the action from the fourth fixture for both teams. The tense match will kick off at 8pm but who will come out on top? Live from Principality Stadium, this is the penultimate fixture for Wales and France. Read more: Question of Sport pays tribute to guest captain Shane Warne Last year the two teams met in the final match of the competition. France was victorious with a narrow 32-30 home win but this was not enough to stop Wales from being crowned champions for the second time in three years. Martin Johnson and Sam Warburton provide analysis while Eddie Butler will be commentating. The Six Nations action continues with two fixtures on Saturday. Coverage of the back-to-back games begins on ITV from 1.30pm. Italy takes on Scotland at 2.15pm followed by England v Ireland at 4.45pm. Jill Douglas presents the action from Stadio Olympic before Mark Pougatch leads the coverage for the latter game held at Twickenham. Unfortunately for Question of Sport fans, disruption to the schedule continues next week. DON'T MISSSam Quek shares husband's 'guilt' over baby timing [INTERVIEW]'Good reason to abolish the TV licence!' Question of Sport fans fume [VIDEO]Question of Sport star set for new role after being dropped from BBC? [INSIGHT] [INSIGHT] Comic Relief airs on Friday, March 18 from 7pm meaning the quiz show will be replaced for a second week in a row. Paddy, Sam and Ugo will return to BBC One on Friday, March 25 at 7.30pm. Fans of the Top Gear host will get their fix of Paddy next Friday as he is one of several Comic Relief presenters. Lenny Henry, Alesha Dixon, David Tennant, Zoe Ball and Paddy will host the evening. Highlights of the night include a special edition of The Repair Shop with Dawn French, Jennifer Saunders and Judi French. Kylie Minogue will join forces with the cast of BBC’s Ghosts for a comical sketch. Meanwhile, Jack Whitehall will participate in a game of mini-golf with England footballers Declan Rice and Mason Mount. Question of Sport continues on BBC One on Friday Match 25 at 7.30pm.