  Pop icon Britney Spears has slammed her father Jamie Spears once more for the way he treated her throughout her conservatorship. Remembering her early breastfeeding days, the star discussed having her “womanhood stripped” from her in a candid Instagram post.     Britney, 40, posed in a black, lacey bra and showed off her cleavage as she reminisced about the days of breastfeeding her sons. The Toxic singer shares sons Sean, 16, and Jayden, 15, with ex-husband Kevin Federline, 43. Addressing her 39.9 million Instagram followers, she wrote: “I breastfed my 2 boys… like a freaking milk factory. “I had literally 6 full bottles pumped out and ready to go at all times besides me as U was breastfeeding because I never wanted my babies to go hungry!!!     “I was always spraying out and leaking because I was so full of milk and it kind of hurt my boobs.” As the caption continued, Britney explained that she recently held a woman’s two-month-old child during a trip to Maui. She wrote: “I held the baby for an hour as we talked and I guess as women our bodies hold memory because it was like my back came out and instinct came back… it was immediate! “I had my boys back to back so I remember how strong my back had to be holding them when at one point I had 40 cars of paps on my tail!!!”      Britney went on to praise the “strength” of mothers as she recalled raising her sons while performing on tour. The singer then said, “women have a groundbreaking way of knowing when it comes to babies… but kids.. now that gets tricky". “I actually think my dad always played the kid as his role… I mean the first day my dad became my conservator I will never forget,” she wrote. After public controversy, protests and several documentaries on the subject, Jamie was removed as Britney’s conservator late last year after serving in the role for 13 years. READ MORE... Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert [INSIGHT] Richard E Grant's 'heartbreaking' reaction to BAFTAs In Memoriam [UPDATE] Alex Scott goes underwear-free in risque gown with thigh-high split [LATEST]       The star claimed Jamie sat her down at the time and said, “I’m Britney Spears and I call the shots from now on". Britney continued: “Ever since that day I felt a huge part of my womanhood stripped from me… I was never the same.” She went on to admit that, despite her heartache, she missed “the deep angst of living in secret” because it made her feel “so alive". After claiming her father played her like “a game of chess,” Britney wrote: “If you check out my chest it could kind of pass for a baby’s a**.       “So go ahead and kiss it…” she penned defiantly, before quoting the lyrics to B***h by Meredith Brooks. She wrote: “While you’re at it don’t know that I’m a b***h, I’m a lover, I’m a child, I’m a mother, I’m a sinner, I’m a saint, I do not feel ashamed, I’m your hell, I’m your dream, I’m nothing in between… “I know you wouldn’t want it any other way… Who wants to play???” She concluded the Instagram post by writing: “TAKE ME BACK LOL????? LOL- It’s more like F**K YOU UNTIL THE DAY I DIE.”  