Bruce Willis, 67, has stepped away from acting as the Hollywood legend has been diagnosed with aphasia - a condition which can impact speech and result in memory problems. The Sixth Sense star's daughter Scout Willis, 30, took to Instagram and thanked fans for their supportive messages. In view of her 275,000 followers, the actress shared a sweet photo of her bonding with her father, who she affectionately called "papa". In the snap, Scout could be seen smiling at her dad as they sat in an armchair together. She captioned the post: "Papa...  Yesterday was so surreal, sharing something so personal. "I didn’t know how it would be received, there is always an unknown when sharing out so vulnerably into the world." READ MORE: 'Little lamb died' Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen's shares loss She continued: "I’d hoped for some love and compassion, I truly NEVER could have anticipated the depth and breadth of the love we received as a family yesterday. "It kept hitting me yesterday how much love, energy, and prayers were now being sent to my daddio and just humbling me in a way that brings tears as I write this. "I am so grateful for your love, I’m so grateful to hear about what my papa means to you." Scout concluded: "Thank you so much to everyone who reached out to me yesterday, I love and I appreciate you with all my heart, it’s gonna take me a whole to respond to your messages!"  The heartwarming post recieved over 14,000 likes in less than an hour but it is unclear when the photo was taken. The actress' message comes after she and her family announced that Bruce will be retiring from the world of acting following his diagnosis. The dad-of-five's eldest daughter Rumer Willis shared the statement via her official account. It read: "To Bruce’s amazing supporters, as a family we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities. "As a result of this and with much consideration Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him." DON'T MISS... James Haskell called out after calling wife Chloe a 'huge sea cow'[LATEST]David and Victoria Beckham ‘shaken’ after ‘masked burglar' broke in[UPDATE]Mark Labbett announces new show after he's axed from The Chase US[TV] The statement went on: "This is a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support. "We are moving through this as a strong family unit, and wanted to bring his fans in because we know how much he means to you, as you do to him. "As Bruce always says, 'Live it up' and together we plan to do just that." The message was signed off: "Love, Emma, Demi, Rumer, Scout, Tallulah, Mabel, & Evelyn." According to the National Aphasia Association, the condition is an impairment of language, affecting the production or comprehension of speech and the ability to read or write. The association reports that the condition is due to injury to the brain, most commonly from a stroke, particularly in older individuals. Head trauma, brain tumors or from infections can also cause aphasia. Meanwhile, Bruce has also recently completed multiple projects that are in post-production, including Vendetta, Fortress: Sniper’s Eye and White Elephant.