The Commission on Social Security has put forward potential replacement for both benefit payments which could see households get an extra £394 a week. This would assist 30 million people living in the UK by creating a “streamlined and simpler” benefits system than the one provided by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), according to the group. By collecting evidence from 1,000 stakeholders in the benefits system, the Commission has suggested replacements to the existing support given by Universal Credit and PIP. The primary change to social security in the UK would mean scrapping Universal Credit and replacing it with a guaranteed decent income set at £163.50 a week. This figure is half of the minimum wage. Furthermore, the group is lobbying for Child Benefit to be increased to £50 a week for claimants. Finally, the Commission’s last replacement would see PIP scrapped for a non-means-tested benefit payment. This would range from £83.70 to £230.77 a week to cover the extra costs which people with disabilities face, with how much they receive being dependent on the severity of their condition. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Currently, PIP is split into two separate parts: a daily living component and a mobility component. The former has a lower weekly payment rate of £60 while the highest rate someone can get in a week is £89.60, while the latter has a lower rate of £23.70 and a higher rate is £62.55. Michael Orton, the Commission secretary, outlined why he believes the past two years have been a watershed moment for how the British public view the country’s social security system. “The pandemic showed that when times were tough it was unpaid carers, supermarket workers and others on low incomes who kept our society going,” Mr Orton said.   "It also showed that if we choose to, we can provide social security for everyone. However, the recent cut to Universal Credit means the government is headed in the wrong direction. “With a cost of living crisis looming in 2022, it doesn’t have to be like this.” Commissioner Mike Tighe said: “The public are unaware of the truth about how the benefit system works. "People are treated with suspicion and distrust. It leads to frustration, anxiety and hurt for ordinary people. “It’s not that the people working for the DWP are monsters, but the system they are being asked to enforce is definitely monstrous, everyone is entitled to dignity, including with social security.” Ellen Morrison, the Commission’s co-chair, explained: “This is not a system fit for purpose. “How can I be assessed as eligible for a higher rate of Employment Support Allowance but now I’m in a relationship, the government expects me to rely on my partner’s income.  “It’s incredibly regressive to take away disabled people’s independence and autonomy in this way.” Speaking to Express.co.uk, a DWP spokesperson said: “Universal Credit is providing vital support to millions and playing a crucial role as we support people into work. “The changes to the taper rate and work allowance represent an effective tax cut of £2.2billion putting an average of £1,000 a year back into people’s pockets. “We are also supporting hundreds of thousands of people every year with long term health conditions and have made extra financial support available to those with disabilities, or those who care for them, through Personal Independence Payments.” 