Published in the British Medical Journal in 2013, the study found that while male pattern baldness was linked to an increased risk of coronary heart disease, a receding hairline wasn’t. The study concluded: “Findings suggest that vertex baldness is more closely associated with systemic atherosclerosis than with frontal baldness. “Thus, cardiovascular risk factors should be reviewed carefully in men with vertex baldness, especially younger men”. Researchers suggest younger men suffering from male pattern, or vertex, baldness should look to improve their health and take actions to reduce their likelihood of developing cardiovascular disease. READ MORE: How many paracetamols are dangerous according to experts  As a result, while this study may panic those whose summits of hair are thinning, there is one caveat to this research. Time, the research is nearly 10 years old. Although the likelihood of another study coming out saying the opposite is probably unlikely, it is nevertheless a scientific probability. Alternatively, another study could come out providing more up to date data on the correlation between male baldness and coronary heart disease. Heart health is set to become a more significant health issue going forward, in part due to Covid-19. Although Covid is not as severe as it was two years ago, like a hurricane passing over a city, it has left destruction in its wake. The world is currently counting the cost of that destruction. What is being discovered in the ruins is that Covid has a dramatic impact on the hearts of those who experience a less intense form of Covid. A study published earlier this year found the risk of heart disease among those who had had Covid rose regardless of their age, sex, gender, race, or ethnicity. As a result, in the years and decades to come health services will dramatically need to reorganise and restructure to prepare for an increase in the number of heart disease patients. This comes on top of warnings from NHS leaders of a second pandemic on mental health patients. While the Government and others may want to celebrate the end of the pandemic, the truth is the work has only just begun. As well as an increase in the number of patients needing long term care for heart disease and mental health, the NHS will also need to accommodate Long Covid patients alongside conducting its regular treatments. Around one and a half million people in the UK currently live with Long Covid along with around 100,000 school age children according to a recent ONS report. All this appears to paint a daunting future for the NHS, one where having borne the weight of Covid, it is now facing even more pressure. For more information on Long Covid contact the NHS or consult with your GP.