Denise Van Outen’s, 47, ex Eddie Boxshall, 48, lashed out at an Instagram user when they posted an irate comment on one of his photos. Eddie shared a series of snaps from his trip to London on Wednesday, including several of the city’s scenery, and one of Eddie posing in front of a mirror while giving the camera an air-punch. The former commodities trader told his 65,000 followers: “Old city boy meetings!” He also added the hashtags: “#bosh #greattobebackinthesmoke #bighandlittlehand #london #city #meetings #ec2 #lovelondon.” (sic) Many comments praised Eddie’s photography skills and said they hoped he was ok. Mark replied: “Great photos Eddie.” READ MORE:NagaMunchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' Neil echoed: “#JustBeKind that’s my way of life buddy. Hope you’re good.” And John gushed: “Cool as Mr B. You’re an inspiration, keep smiling.” However, one user condemned Eddie’s cheerful post in the wake of his split from Denise after seven years together. The unnamed user fumed: “In a position to cheat on One of The prettiest/charismic/successful/ LIKED...Ladies around. “Ok!! eddie .. At least!!! Let it f***ing drop now." (sic) The comment got under Eddie’s skin and he responded with a counterattack. He fumed: “I'm not even going to block you! “I want to hear the vile bile that comes from your mouth." DON'T MISSA Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton pole dances in Spain after breakup[NEWS]Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal[LATEST]Piers Morgan 'more likely to host Meghan's birthday party' says son[INSIGHT] Both the original comment and Eddie’s reply were later deleted, but were reported in The Mirror. It comes after the Celebrity Gogglebox star appeared to make a dig at Denise’s new autobiography, A Bit Of Me: From Basildon To Broadway. Earlier this month, Denise appeared on various TV and radio shows to promote the book and Eddie took to his Instagram story to seemingly offer “tips” on how to sell copies. Eddie shared a front cover of a marketing book with the title: “Marketing for authors: How your book sells itself...10 ways your book is your ultimate marketing tool.” He then added the caption: “First way of 10: Just by being a really interesting read without the need of PR.” Denise discusses the split in her autobiography and claims red flags began when she found X-rated images on Eddie’s iPad. She said she discovered a number of messages from other women: “Among photos was a screenshot…of a woman’s breasts – and they definitely weren’t mine! Also, there was a flirty text exchange between Eddie and this woman, which, of course, set off alarm bells." After this, as reported by the aforementioned publication, Denise confronted Eddie, who denied any wrongdoing, but the couple split because Denise felt there was no way back once the “trust was gone”.