CCTV images from a service station show Russian paratroopers pulling up in a BMD-2 vehicle next to a gas pump. The soldiers jump out of their fighting vehicle and make a beeline for the shop. The Russians then proceed to act out their very own version of supermarket sweep, as they grab all they can. Two of the paratroopers go behind the counter and appear to be looking for cash. The smash and grab video was originally posted to the Telegram account of a user going by the handle name of hueviy_kherson. Another video doing the rounds on Telegram shows other Russian troops ransacking a shop in Kherson. The soldiers appear to be pillaging goods from the shop's storeroom. The images were posted by the channel Ukraine Now and are accompanied by the text: "In Kherson, the Russian military is looting." The Black Sea port fell at the beginning of March but has seen continued resistance from residents, who have taken to the streets to demonstrate their opposition to Russia's invasion of their country. The city of around 300,000 represents a major strategic gain for Moscow. It provides access to the Russian-annexed territory of Crimea as well as the critical port city of Odessa. The port was also a vital economic outlet for Kyiv, providing vital trade routes to the neighbouring countries of Romania, Bulgaria and Moldova. The Russian army has been plagued by claims that its soldiers are facing a logistics crisis and are running out of food. These claims have been fuelled by reports of Russian soldiers begging Ukrainians for food. READ MORE: Putin accuses US of developing 'sex bomb' to wipe Russians off planet A taxi driver told the investigative journalist John Sweeney that villagers near Kyiv had been approached by desperate Russian troops. He said: "The villagers say that they are begging for food. "They’re so hungry, they come to the villagers and ask for something to eat. "The villagers say they are not aggressive. Their commanders want them to fight, to be harsh. "But they are too busy asking for scraps to eat.” DON'T MISS Russia humiliated as OWN cosmonauts board ISS sporting Ukraine colours [NEWS]Furious Ukraine diplomats shame Germany 'Now it is the time to act!'  [REVEAL]Ruble slides as Russian markets begin reopening [SPOTLIGHT] Reports are emerging that the Russian military has started to call up reservists as young as 17, in a bid to counter the massive casualties they have suffered. Ukrainian estimates claim up to 14,000 Russians have lost their lives in combat, while the US puts Moscow's losses at half that number. Ukraine's Military Intelligence (GUR) said on Sunday Russia's Defence Minister signed an order allowing the deployment of cadets from the Russian Youth Army (Unarmiya) to the front in Ukraine. The ranks of the Kremlin-run military youth organisation are filled typically by 17-18-year-olds. Ukraine's General Staff also said that the Russians were forcibly drafting university students from the Donetsk and Luhansk People's Republic - areas controlled prior to the war by pro-Moscow separatists.