Tottenham boss Antonio Conte could still get his Adama Traore transfer wish as Barcelona reportedly depend on an unlikely Wolves decision for his permanent switch to the Camp Nou to go ahead. Spurs were supposedly keen on the speedy winger in January before he was whisked off to Spain to become part of Xavi's resurgent project. Conte is famed for his five-back formation which relies heavily on dynamic, high-quality wing backs. Emerson Royal, Matt Doherty and Ryan Sessegnon have all left plenty to be desired among their current crop of options, with Spurs expected to recruit in that area come the summer. Traore was supposedly in the crosshairs throughout January before Barca, his boyhood club, stepped in with a tempting loan offer. Spurs were left with former Juventus duo Rodrigo Bentancur and Dejan Kulusevski, and while both have made a positive impact, some still wonder what might have been. A six-month stint comes with a reported £25million option to make Traore's move to the Camp Nou permanent. Barcelona are still strapped for cash, however, with free transfers taking priority as they plot their route to a fruiful summer. JUST IN: Newcastle owners recommended 'superstar signing' to take Eddie Howe's XI up a level SPORT claim that Tottenham are still keeping a close eye on Traore's situation amid the possibility that Barca could turn down their buy option. Even more promising for the Lilywhites are claims that the loan being made permanent could depend on Wolves exercising their own £25m buy option on Barca loanee Francicsco Trincao. The 22-year-old burst onto the scene with Braga as a youngster and already has 7 senior caps for Portugal. He has struggled to make the desired impact at Molineux, though, with just one goal and one assist in 22 Premier League outings this term. DON'T MISS: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's Marcus Rashford comments could hinder Arsenal transferLeeds could demand four Barcelona players in blockbuster Raphinha swap dealFrank Lampard has family member to blame for Dele Alli deal as Everton 'ponder' early exit Multiple factors therefore point towards the notion that there is still life in Spurs' Traore pursuit yet. Conte and his sporting director, Fabio Paratici, are believed to be keeping a close eye on the situation as Spurs position themselves to pounce in the summer. When the time comes, attracting top talent will be made much easier if their Premier League top-four bid succeeds over the coming weeks. Three points behind Arsenal and having played a game more, time is running out for Conte and co to close the gap. But four wins in their last five league games are a sign of their recent momentum, not to mention the ever-improving form of star striker Harry Kane who seems to have come into a rich vein of form at the perfect time to save Spurs' season. An impressive 3-1 win over West Ham last time out kept up the pressure on their European rivals, and Newcastle will visit the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium when domestic action resumes following the international break.