Rhona Goskirk (played by Zoe Henry) and her onscreen partner Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) have become the centre of a very important storyline on Emmerdale. In scenes that aired earlier this week, the chef suffered a stroke and was rushed to hospital. The Dingle favourite has been left with a bleed on the brain, and ITV viewers are praying Marlon survives the operation. In an interview with Lorraine, actress Zoe discussed the latest storyline. However, she went on to admit to the host, she has no idea how it will all play out as she only knows what happens in the next six weeks. "I don't think anybody saw it coming," the actress began. "It was a moment for them finally after I mean... they've been sort of on and off for 20 years, to finally get to that point where it's the right moment and then it turned." The Rhona Goskirk star explained that it was so important for the soap to get the storyline right. READ MORE: Coronation Street icon Sally Metcalfe accidentally kills husband Tim? She continued: "I think one of the brilliant things about soap is it reflects your life and we tell stories that resonate and mean a great deal to people and that's why particularly with something like this is so important that we get it right. "I think the team have done a brilliant job, the episode was brilliantly written by Caroline Mitchell, amazingly directed by Mike Lacey and the Stroke Association has been amazing." Speaking about her onscreen daughter April (Amelia Flanagan), Zoe said: "I think what's really interesting is how this has been written, and obviously, I don't know much ahead, we are only six weeks ahead, but how it's impacted on April, which I think is a really important key element. "It's not just the person that is affected by a stroke it's the family, like you say, the wider community, the Dingles and you'll see how it affects Paddy (Dominic Brunt)." "This bromance that they have and how Paddy deals with it or doesn't deal with it, it's fascinating," the soap star added. "They've written it brilliantly." Lorraine went on to praise Zoe's onscreen daughter, branding her a "cracking little actress". Paying a tribute to Amelia, Zoe beamed: "She's really special, and I mean, she's been in the show for quite some time now. "She was about five when she joined and she's the same age as my son, so she's 13." DON'T MISS...Neighbours heartache as Willis clan become first family to exit show [SPOILERS]GMB backlash as host states Jamaica 'don't want William or Kate here' [VIDEO]James Martin addresses career move as he opens up on dyslexia [INSIGHT] "I mean, Amelia not only knows her lines, she knows my lines, Mark's lines, everybody's lines," she praised. "She has the absolute... I don't know this ability to just turn on the emotion when she needs to and for a 13 and a half year old I find (it) extraordinary." In real life, Zoe is married to her Emmerdale co-star Jeff Hordley, who plays the much-loved Cain Dingle. The couple met at drama school before either of them had landed their roles in the ITV soap. The actress left Lorraine gobsmacked when she told her she and Jeff had been together for 28 years. "You don't really have much to do with each other in Emmerdale though, do you?" the host quizzed. "No, it's great," Zoe went on to joke. "I think we sort of have this existence at work and I think we both appreciate and like that." Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV while Emmerdale airs at 7.30pm on ITV.