The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge travelled to Abergavenny and Blaenavon in Wales this week to mark St David’s Day on March 1, and were thrilled to be back in the country they consider their “happy place”. The pair will one day be Prince and Princess of Wales, once the current title holder Prince Charles becomes King. Speaking to OK! Magazine, royal expert Jennie Bond explained the significance of Wales to the royal couple. She said: “Wales is very important to William and Kate - not only are they one day going to be the Prince and Princess of Wales, it was also the place they lived so happily as newlyweds.” The couple moved to the Welsh island of Anglesey after they married in 2011, as William was training to be a search and rescue pilot. They moved into their apartment 1A in Kensington Palace in 2013 after his job finished and went on to have their three children.  Ms Bond went on: “Their time in Anglesey was very, very happy, they were pretty much under the radar and, for want of a better word, normal. “William worked for the RAF and Kate could pop to the supermarket. “It was a blissful start to married life for them. “That was the last time they were able to lead a ‘normal’ life so it will always be their happy place.”  READ MORE: Kate Middleton has a 'loving' relationship with the Queen Prince William seemed to echo these sentiments when he addressed the crowds at the Anglesey Show in 2013. He said: “This island has been our first home together, and it will always be an immensely special place for us both. “Catherine and I look forward to returning again and again over the coming years with our family.”  DON'T MISS:Royal baby? Three times Kate has hinted hopes for a fourth baby [NEWS]Inside the major role Kate Middleton will play in Platinum Jubilee [REVEAL]Prince Charles steps in for Queen with Ukraine message [INSIGHT] Ms Bond noted the “large, enthusiastic” crowds waiting to cheer the Duke and Duchess on during their recent trip. She added: “They have roots in Wales now and there is a great deal of affection for them there.” Whilst in Wales the royal couple met goat farmers Gary and Jess Yeomans, where they enjoyed meeting the animals. They later played pool and baked Welsh cakes with a youth group at Blaenavon Hwb. 