Critics of Mr Sunak believe he is not doing enough to tackle the soaring bills and the “unfair tax hike” posed by the National Insurance rise. There is reportedly a split between members of the Cabinet, specifically between the Chancellor and the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) over proposed changes to the energy bill rebate, according to Politico. This reported schism between members of the Cabinet suggest Government ministers may not be fully on board with Mr Sunak’s vision of tackling energy bill costs. Prime Minister Boris Johson has asked Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng to come up with several options to address the country’s growing crisis as part of his “energy supply strategy”. This comes following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine which most experts believe will hike energy bills even further in the coming future. One of the options being reportedly considered by Mr Kwarteng is for the Government to at least double the energy bill rebate from the existing £200 amount. Furthermore, one of BEIS’ other reported proposals by BEIS is to delay the start of loan repayments, which are set to be due again in 2023. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Reports also say the department is exploring a more “generous” rebate which will be available for poorer households, or exempting them from some repayments altogether. However, these proposals have reportedly not gone down well with Rishi Sunak’s team at the Treasury. Speaking to Politico, a Treasury source said the department is not considering any changes to the rebate scheme which are being proposed by BEIS. Currently, BEIS’s proposals for the Government’s energy supply strategy involve using more offshore wind and solar power to offset costs. DON'T MISS  Last month, Rishi Sunak announced the energy bill rebate as part of a wider support package to save households money. As part of the plan, domestic electricity customers will get a £200 discount on their energy bills from October. On top of this, some 80 percent of households will receive a £150 council tax rebate from April. During his announcement, Mr Sunak said: “Right now, I know the number one issue on people’s minds is the rising cost of living. “That’s why the Government is stepping in with direct support that will help around 28 million households with their rising energy costs over the next year. “We stood behind British people and businesses throughout the pandemic and it’s right we continue to do that as our economy recovers in the months ahead.” However, the energy bills loan has been slammed by critics as households will have to pay it back at a later date. In response to Rishi Sunak, the Labour Party has called for a windfall tax on gas producers to save households cash and a pause on the National Insurance rise. A Labour spokesperson said: “The Government could cut household bills now to help ease a cost of living crisis that’s been spiralling since September. “Labour would, with our plan for a one-off windfall tax on oil and gas producers to cut household energy bills by up to £600 — and we’d halt the National Insurance rise which could not come at a worse time. “Instead the Chancellor is offering a buy now, pay later loan scheme, and hitting people with an unfair tax hike.” Express.co.uk has contacted the Treasury asking for comment. 