Royal commentator Richard Palmer has revealed that Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's recent visit to the Caribbean was met with adoring crowds. He argued that despite a tour of a chocolate farm in Belize being cancelled due to protestors, others on the island gathered to wish the royal couple a warm welcome. Royal correspondent Richard Palmer Royal Roundup told host Pandora Forsyth: "I think the couple's instinct would have been certainly Prince William's instinct would have been to carry on with that particular visit and to have gone and met the protesters. "But as in the UK really when they're visiting a country or any country, but particularly a country where they're going as members of that country's Royal Family, the onus was really on taking advice from the Government of Belize and the Government of Belize didn't want to go there. It decided it wanted them to go to a different chocolate farm. So that's what they did. "But that then set the tone and many people have said, well, it was only a small number of protesters and indeed there were protesters the following day in the village who was saying no, we want William and Kate to come, we want our prince and princess some of the banners were saying. He added: "But that I think the couple were in a difficult position. "I think they probably weren't helped by the fact that the team behind them were quite inexperienced that both of their private secretaries, the press team behind them, hadn't really been on a big overseas tour like that. "But again, I think they were they were hampered by two facts. "They were hampered by the fact that it was a tool looking at looking back over the Queen's 70-year reign and so they were really under pressure to reference the Queen's reign and that meant we creating famous moments from the Queen's visits and other members of the Royal Family." Mr Palmer continued: "So inevitably it was a looking back tour rather than looking forward so and then also, they were hampered by the desires of the individual governments." It comes after Royal expert Angela Levin argued the Duke and Duchess were ill-advised by close aides during the couple's visit to the Bahamas during their tour of the Caribbean. William and Kate have received backlash for aspects of the tour, which some argued carried undertones of "colonialism," but the couple were also welcomed warmly by Caribbeans during their various stops. Ms Levin told Sky News earlier this week: "I think that with aides there needs to be somebody who is there looking for traps. "I mean, the fence iron fence was definitely one of them. Although it was there to prevent the children from going on to a football pitch and a football or just before went to say hello. It does look actually as if they're in some sort of camp, and they can't get out. And I think that that was a terrible mistake to do. "That could have been avoided very, very easily." "Not for the children's sake because obviously they were there and wanting to say hello, but something could have been done to put them somewhere else," she added. "And I thought also, this land rover that we're looking at was a very big mistake, because we don't really want to go back to the 1950s and 60s. We're now in a different era and apparently, Prince William didn't want to do it either. But the Government insisted that they wanted that to happen