Mrs Hinch, whose real name is Sophie Hinchliffe, gained popularity after sharing ingenious cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.4 million followers on Instagram and has also authored several books. Now, fans of hers have created their own Facebook groups dedicated to sharing cleaning and tidying tips, one of which includes how to clean glass shower screens. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on what to use for cleaning glass shower screens. Charlotte Brindley wrote: “What do you use on your shower screens? “Not sure you can see it, but it’s had these water looking marks on it since we moved in and I can not get it off.” Whether it's a buildup of soap scum or streaky limescale, glass shower doors fall victim to all manner of unaesthetic marks. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home Although keeping them clean can feel like a never-ending chore, Britons don't need to shell out on expensive cleaning products in order to achieve the sparkling doors of their dreams. To make the task easier, it is best to regularly clean your shower screens to avoid a lengthy job later. Charlotte’s post was flooded with responses from fellow cleaning fanatics ready to share their top tips. According to Mrs Hinch fans all you need to clean glass shower screens is a tea bag and hot water. Lois Rodgers said: “Boil some water and add a tea bag to it, like you would when making a cup of tea, and wipe it on the screen with a cloth. Trust me the results will be incredible.” DON'T MISS:DIY savvy woman saves ‘thousands’ transforming caravan for only £140 [INSIGHT]Huge mistake people make when painting walls and how to avoid it [COMMENT]Lawn hack: The ‘most efficient’ way to mow your lawn [TIPS] Allison Callaghan commented: “Definitely black tea and use a scourer for the first time to get the marks off, then buff with kitchen roll. “My shower screens, windows, mirrors are all sparkly now. Shower doors only need doing over once a week at most as they stay clean all for the price of a tea bag.” Rebecca Glen agreed: “At first I thought using a tea bag wouldn’t work, but boy was I wrong. I was shocked with the results. My shower screen has never looked so good.” Lyndsey Atticus suggested: “Use cold black tea and wipe it onto the shower screen in circular motions. Once it has dried the streaks will be all gone.” Tea is a great product to use for removing stubborn stains as the tannins in tea is a natural way of cutting through stubborn grease and watermarks. Britons can purchase tea bags from Tesco for 55p for a pack of 80. This works out as just under 1p per tea bag. Other Mrs Hinch fans also went down the route of using natural items to clean glass shower screens. Many members suggested using white vinegar to combat the issue. Nichola Robinson said: “Mine was that thick with scale when I moved in that it looked like frosted glass - you couldn’t see through it! “But I’ve scrapped it all off now and clean it with white vinegar. It’s now spotless.” Paige Howard wrote: “I’ve tried an array of products and found that only white vinegar achieves the best results.” Natasha Nilsson added: “Spray white vinegar on your shower screen and buff it out using a towel. It looks like new every time.”