Any update to an individual’s earnings need to be reported directly to HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC). This can be done by an online service tool on the gov.uk website, however this is only accessible to those who are currently residing in the UK. Those who choose to report their capital gains in this way can do so via their Government Gateway account. Capital gains tax is levied on the profit placed on someone when they sell an asset that has substantially increased in value. This means the total amount of cash someone receives from the sale is not taxed, it is instead the gain from the sale which HMRC is interested in. Taxpayers only need to pay capital gains tax on their overall gains which are higher than the tax-free allowance. Currently, capital gains tax-free allowance stands at £12,300, however the allowance is currently £6,150 for trusts. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim On its website, HMRC provides the following example as to how the tax works: “You bought a painting for £5,000 and sold it later for £25,000. This means you made a gain of £20,000 (£25,000 minus £5,000).” Certain assets are registered tax-free under Capital Gains Tax by HMRC and do not need to be paid if the taxpayer’s yearly gains are below their tax-free allowance. Before reporting any gains, Britons will need to make calculations on each loss or gain they report, details of how they bought and sold assets, and dates of when they took ownership or sold the assets. The Low Income Tax Reform Group (LITRG) explains how taxpayers should report their capital gains on its website. On its website, the lobbying group stated: “If you disposed of an asset and made a gain in January 2021, this would fall in the 2020/21 tax year (which ended on April 5, 2021) and you would be able to report the gain using the ‘real time’ service up to December 31, 2021.” Furthermore, LITRG emphasised how reporting to HMRC in this way will help Britons keep on top of their earnings. The group explained: “If you report your gains in this way, you will activate your Personal Tax Account, if you have not already activated this. “This means you do not need to wait until after the end of the tax year to report your gains in a tax return. “If you use this service to report your gains, you will not need to file a Self Assessment tax return for that year assuming you have no other reason to do so. “However, if you do need to file a Self Assessment tax return then you will need to report the gains again on this return. “If you choose not to use the ‘real time’ service, you will need to contact HMRC and register for a Self Assessment tax return by completing form SA1, or telephoning the Self Assessment helpline.” Through the Government’s website, HMRC gives clear instructions to taxpayers on how they should go about reporting their earnings. HMRC states: “You need to report your gain by December 31 in the tax year after you made the gain. “For example, if you made a gain in the 2020 to 2021 tax year, you need to report it by December 31, 2021. “You’ll need a Government Gateway user ID and password. If you do not have a user ID, you can create one when you report and pay. “After you’ve reported your gains, HMRC will send you a letter or email giving you a payment reference number and telling you how to pay. “If you need to change your report using the service, you’ll need your report reference number starting with ‘RTT’. You’ll get it by email within ten days.”