In recent months, Hague, 22, has gotten in hot water for her supposedly "tone deaf" observation that “everyone has the same 24 hours” and how you can achieve anything if “you want something enough” during an interview with Dragon’s Den’s Steven Bartlett. Her Wikipedia page was even briefly changed to “Molly-Mae Thatcher'' for a little while. Despite the backlash, the star has continued to open up about her own personal experiences, including the sensitive topic of her endometriosis surgery. Most recently, she opened up about her recovery from the procedure on an Instagram Q&A. Endometriosis is a condition where tissue that is like the lining of the womb, grows in other areas like the ovaries or fallopian tubes, often in the form of ovarian cysts. The main symptoms include pain in your lower tummy and back pain as well as period pain which affects your normal daily activities. In the past, Hague struggled with “excruciating” pain during her periods but wasn’t diagnosed because the doctors she saw were adamant she didn’t have it. After she was eventually diagnosed with it by a specialist, she was given a keyhole surgery in October. During keyhole surgery for endometriosis, small incisions are made in your belly allowing surgeons to destroy the diseased tissue including ovarian cysts, known as endometriomas.  READ MORE: Statins: Atorvastatin linked to ‘higher incidence’ of adverse side effects in the eyes  In a new Q&A session on social media which was promoted using a picture of her tummy with two incisions and a cannula in the back of her hand, she opened up about the difficulty she has had recovering from the surgery. She said: "It's the end of another day today. A day that hasn't been the best. "But I do think I'm due on my period in a couple of days, so I've been quite emotional.” According to the charity Endometriosis UK, people who go through keyhole surgery can be expected to “experience some vaginal bleeding” and that the first few periods may be more painful. In line with Hague’s post-op experience, they also suggested that most people experience a period of emotional ups and downs. “I struggled this morning because I woke up and I really felt like I wasn't seeing any progress from the gym and eating clean,” Hague said. [INSIGHT]  "For the last couple of weeks, I've really been hitting it hard and I think I had a moment this morning where I just felt like, 'Why am I not seeing a single bit of change in my body'. "I'm very self-critical. I think us girls have a tendency to be very self-critical. "I know I am, especially since my endometriosis operation. My stomach still hasn't returned back to normal and it's something I've struggled quite a bit with." The star has opened up in the past in her Youtube videos about the difficulty she had being diagnosed with the condition. She said: “I’ve told you guys for so long now that I suffer from excruciating periods and so many of you guys were commenting on my videos like ‘please check for endometriosis’...  “So I went to the doctors a couple of times... I was like ‘I really do think I have endometriosis’, I have every sign and symptom of it, my period pains are to the point where I literally can’t stand up. I’m in unbearable pain, I have to take time off work, it’s just ridiculous. “Every single doctor said to me ‘no, no, no, you definitely don’t have endometriosis’,” she explained. “Anyway, I went to this other doctor who was a specialist in endometriosis, and straight away they said ‘You absolutely do have endometriosis, it’s clear as day’." Endometriosis can be tricky for doctors to diagnose because the symptoms can be similar to the symptoms of many other conditions, according to the NHS. Some of the other symptoms include pain during and after sex, pain when peeing or pooing during your period.  If you visit your GP, they may ask to examine your tummy and vagina and may recommend treatments. Other than keyhole surgery, in severe cases, they may have to perform an operation to remove the organs affected by endometriosis, including the womb, which is called a hysterectomy, according to the NHS. Alternatively, your treatment may consist of painkillers or hormone medicines such as the contraceptive patch. In some more severe cases of endometriosis, it can lead to difficulty getting pregnant or even infertility.  