Fans of All Creatures Great and Small will be excited to preview some exclusive photos showing the beloved couple on their wedding day. Channel 5's easy-watching show details the true story of James Herriot (played by Nicholas Ralph) as he makes a name for himself as one of the most famous veterinary surgeons while getting to know the villagers, all within the setting of the Yorkshire Dales. The second series saw James and Helen (Rachel Shenton) finally starting a romance and become engaged. New photos show their wedding being filmed and give an insight into the highly-anticipated season three.  In series two, James turned down a prestigious role in Glasgow so he could stay with Helen in Darrowby. By the end, he had finally plucked up the courage to propose and the two were overjoyed at their engagement. James had admitted his feelings for Helen after she left Hugh Hulton (Matthew Lewis) at the altar in the first Christmas special. She returned the feelings for the vet and the two finally began to date.  READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot? In the final episode of season two, James' boss Siegfried Farnon (Samuel West) suggested he propose to Helen before it was too late. Eventually, he plucked up the courage to ask, and Helen immediately said yes. Exclusive photos from the set of the drama, show Helen and James beaming at one another as they walk away from a church hand-in-hand. Helen is wearing a traditional white dress with a simple veil and carrying a trailing wedding bouquet. James meanwhile is sporting a grey suit, and the two are a picture of happiness and they leave the church. In other, behind-the-scenes snaps, Rachel is seen wearing a dressing gown over her outfit and a pink hairnet securing her locks from the weather. The crew in the background can be seen sporting face masks as the "bride and groom" contrast with the present-day background. In one photo, Helen and James appear to be laughing together as the bride looks up at her new husband while the confetti falls. DON'T MISS... Chris Evans breaks down in tears on Virgin Radio over Ukraine crisis [LATEST]Vera star Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to ‘endearing’ ITV co-star [INTERVIEW]EastEnders' Kat Slater's death sealed as she tries to help Phil? [SPOILER] If the pictures are anything to go by, it's safe to assume the wedding will go smoothly. Fans who have been rooting for the two to get together since the start of the series will be delighted to see the pair on their big day. Speaking to Viewties Magazine last year, Rachel explained how her working relationship with Nicholas helps with their on-screen chemistry. The 33-year-old shared: "Nick is absolutely brilliant! There’s such an easiness to him. "We both auditioned together in 2019 and got on very well from the start. "We laugh a lot, which I think helps the scenes!" On the show's popularity, Rachel explained: "Aside from the scripts being brilliantly crafted and full to the brim of humility and love, All Creatures aired at a time when the world felt particularly cruel, so it was a lovely reminder of what humanity is." All Creatures Great and Small season three is set to air in September of this year, while series 1 and 2 can be streamed on My5.