Kate Middleton, 40, tied the knot with Prince William, 39, in 2011. They have three children, Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince Louis, three. But what kinds of food do they eat and what do they completely avoid?  Stephanie Wallis from Safe and Sound Childcare Events spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain what the Cambridge children eat and do not go near. She said: “All children really need is a smaller portion of an adult meal. “Perhaps not quite so spicy and, of course, there are certain foods which are not recommended below a certain age. “Kate has introduced more interesting foods at an early age, to educate her children's palate and has steered clear of 'children's food'.  READ MORE: Belize eyes plan to REMOVE Queen just two days after royal tour “I am sure that they indulge in a treat or two, don't we all? “But the children are developing a wide appreciation and interest in good food,” the expert claims. Stephanie continued: “The Duchess of Cambridge is laying the foundation for each of them to develop themselves as they get older. “It is important not to indicate your food dislikes to your children so they don't have their budding opinion tainted by adults.   “Children's food is hugely profitable and heavily marketed area of the food industry. “Many restaurants have just fallen into this trap that all children will eat is chicken nuggets and chips.” The Duchess of Cambridge visited the Lavender Primary School in London in February where she spoke to the chief executive of the Ivy Learning Trust about her children’s culinary skills. The chief executive Matthew Kleiner-Mann said: “She was telling us how much her children love cooking and how they cook for her.  “They made cheesy pasta the other day. One stirs the flour, one puts the milk and butter in, and they enjoy making salads.” Kate has often remarked about how her children really enjoy making pizza, showing they are not that different to any other young children who enjoy creating pizza bases. When visiting St. Luke's Community Centre, Kate revealed how George, Charlotte, and Louis love pizza. She said: "I’ve done that with George and Charlotte — making pizza dough. They love it because they can get their hands messy.” Princess Charlotte has the most advanced tastebuds of the Cambridge children, with Kate revealing on her 2019 trip to Pakistan that “Charlotte is pretty good with heat".  However, the spice has to be toned down for not only Prince George and Prince Louis, but Prince William too, joking that he only likes a mild curry. She also apparently devours olives, with the Duchess admitting her daughter takes after her own favourite childhood snack. Kate Middleton joined Mary Berry in December of 2019 to film a TV Christmas special, where they discussed what the three youngers like to eat. The Duchess revealed: "We've got carrots, beans, beetroot – a massive favourite – Louis absolutely loves beetroot." The healthy snack makes a change from pizza and cheesy pasta, and Prince Louis apparently loves the vegetable. 