Eamonn Holmes, 62. has made a joke about people confusing co-star Isabel Webster for his wife, Ruth Langsford. He also joked that his co-star is nearly identical to the future Queen, Kate Middleton. The star added that he predicts fans will do a double take when they say him with Isabel and confuse her for Kate. He joked that some fans may also confuse Isabel for Ruth and say that she is “looking well.” He said: “I predict people will be doing a bit of a double take and say look there’s ‘Kate’. “They might mistake Isabel for my wife and say, Ruth’s looking well.” READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married? Eamonn joined GB News in January following his leave from This Morning. He added, speaking on Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel on GB News this morning, that he came in to close contact with royalty this week at Cheltenham. “Zara Phillips came running up for a chat which was lovely,” the presenter said. He also discussed the races and said that he wasn’t too happy about the results. Eamonn openly ripped up his betting slip live on TV and exclaimed that all his tips had been rubbish. The star took to his 756,000 Instagram followers yesterday with a picture of himself wearing a Peaky Blinders style cap. He captioned the photo, explaining that he had not been gifted with the “luck of the Irish.” The snap led to excited fans and friends coming to the comments to express their well wishes. DON’T MISS:Britney Spears fumes at dad alongside close-up photo of her breasts [LATEST]Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert [COMMENT]Phillip Schofield and Ruth Langsford's 'awkward' tension seen by fans [INSIGHT] Lizzie Cundy wrote: “Very dapper.” Lola_chico_2007 said: “Good luck Eamonn. You will have a couple of day to try again. “The luck of the Irish I'm like urself Eamonn from the road.” (sic) Coolcrutches penned: “Hope you had a fabulous day, very dapper.” Maureengoldthorpe said: “Aww Eamonn did you not have a bet on Rachel Blackmore? I’ve just won £70 quid…” Lyndaharman8 wrote: “Why the stick? Is it your hips or back, as this is my problem i sympathise with you x.” (sic) Eamonn is an award-winning journalist from Northern Ireland. The star is best known for presenting Sky News Sunrise as well as This Morning. Eamonn currently presents Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel on GB News.