The March Equinox will see the sun head north across the equator line, marking the season of spring for countries across the northern hemisphere. Due to take place on March 20, the Northern Hemisphere will begin to tilt further towards the Sun, bringing increasing daylight hours and warmer temperatures. The clocks change every year in correlation to this, moving forward in Spring and backwards in Autumn. The clocks move forward by one hour, and this marks the start of the British Summer Time (BST) time zone, moving Britain out of Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) time zone. This year, BST will begin on Sunday, March 27 at 1am. READ MORE: Britain to be as hot as Malaga as temperatures soar to 61F  This means you will soon start to notice longer periods of daylight - but your lie-in will feel slightly shorter on this day. Most smartphones and watches adapt automatically, meaning you won’t have to manually change these thankfully. Contrary to its name, British Summer Time does not mean we enter the summer season, as noted above, we’ll in fact be entering spring.  Summer is due to start on Tuesday, June 21 and will end on Friday, September 24. The time zone shift actually came about as a result of the Summer Time Act 1916. It was thought that by advancing the clocks forward in Spring, it would help preserve energy and help efforts during World War One - as more natural light would be available and fewer resources would need to be used.  DON'T MISS: Hot weather: How hot will it get across Britain this week? [ANALYSIS]Lastminute.com launches spring holiday deals and book hotels from £42 [INSIGHT]Have your say: Has the UK reacted well to Ukraine's refugee crisis? [HAVE YOUR SAY]     The term Summer Time proved so popular that the time zone was named British Summer Time to reflect this. Many other countries across the world also carry out the practice, but they know it as ‘Daylight Saving Time (DST)’. BST will last until Sunday, October 30, in which the UK will return to operating on Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) from 2am. 