Stories of being ambushed by a birthday cake now seem trivial as Ukrainians fight for their lives against the terrible Russian war machine. Some Tory MPs have already withdrawn their calls for his resignation. Just this weekend, heroic Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky praised Boris as the world leader “who is helping more” than others who dilly-dally, afraid of offending the Russian tyrant. Responding quickly, Boris provided the hand-held missiles that have helped Ukrainian soldiers to destroy Putin’s tanks and forced him to the negotiating table. That said, it is right that staff members of No 10 should be punished for breaking the rules they instituted during the Covid pandemic. Too many people suffered from the harshness of lockdown, kept away from their family and friends, especially with many dying alone, to forgive civil servants and politicians for breaking their own rules. No one should be exempt and lockdown fines are the appropriate punishment. But, having paid these and the PM been seen to apologise, it is time to move on, a lesson learnt on how no one is above the law. Britain is embroiled in a cost-of-living crisis with many families facing the cruel decision of heating or eating and it is up to the Prime Minister to lead us out of this disaster. He must deploy the same sure-touch he showed through the battle for Brexit, understanding the demands of working people for a fairer, securer Britain. It is no good Boris and his Chancellor hiding behind the excuse of world events causing rocketing energy costs and inflation. It was government decisions on lockdown and net-zero that exacerbated supply issues and triggered the catastrophic rise in prices. The Tory reputation for economic competence has been severely dented and it would be no surprise if voters expressed their anger at government mistakes in local elections on May 5. But it should be remembered that if Labour had been in charge the national situation would be even worse, with Sir Keir Starmer backing more severe Covid restrictions and fully signed up to net-zero. Over the last two years, Labour have been no opposition at all, offering little scrutiny of Covid regulations or net-zero plans. It’s been up to Tory backbench MPs to express the concerns of their blue-collar voters, forcing Boris to back down over a Christmas lockdown and now challenging the self-destructive energy agenda of net-zero. Labour offers no hope to working-class voters who turned to Boris in 2019. The PM prefers to trust the judgment of ordinary people than the authoritarian tendencies of Left-leaning experts. He must reject the lunacy of green ideology that is on course to impoverish our nation before it has even got back on its feet after Covid. High energy prices are crushing British enterprise and is essential that he delivers on his policy of levelling up by unleashing the thousands of jobs that could be created by drilling for the energy beneath our feet, both with fracking and North Sea reserves. We should help ourselves and our European friends by delivering cheaper gas and oil. So far, Boris appears to be struggling with listening to the British public over the current economic crisis. A recent poll revealed that voters were unimpressed with the Chancellor’s Spring Statement, with 63 per cent saying the Government is not doing enough to solve the cost-of-living crisis. It is good news then that Chancellor Rishi Sunak is reassuring older generations hit hardest by the wave of price rises by pledging the return of the pension triple lock next year and a pension lift of more than seven per cent. More direct action like this is necessary, otherwise voters will come to the conclusion that Boris might be a good leader in other country’s crises, such as Ukraine, but is lacking the fibre to be a decisive commander in our own war on inflation. Former Conservative leader Margaret Thatcher was never afraid to take the hard decisions to get our damaged economy back on track and it is essential that Boris shows the same spirit of common sense. Working people responded to Thatcher’s courage and they will do that again if Boris shows the same determination to bring growth and prosperity back to the UK.