According to royal expert Victoria Arbiter, the Firm has shown “unconditional kindness and compassion” through their donation efforts despite being politically neutral. Last week The Disasters Emergency Committee, an umbrella group of the country’s leading aid organisations, thanked the Queen on Twitter for her “generous donation”.  The money Her Majesty gave will go towards helping the estimated two million Ukrainians displaced by the Russian invasion. In total, the British public raised £100 million in only four days which included donations from The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Charles. Ms Arbiter wrote for 9honey: “Though Buckingham Palace generally avoids issuing statements concerning private donations, news about royal giving tends to result in a ripple effect. “Aside from highlighting the campaign in question, their contributions often inspire members of the public to collectively dig deep.   “At the same time, by garnering worldwide attention, charities are able to achieve their fundraising goals at a much quicker rate allowing them to deliver critical aid while also scaling up their response. “In turn, the royals' public display of humanity, despite their need to take an apolitical stance, represents a necessary reminder of the obligation we share. She added: “By leading Britain's reaction to the atrocities unfolding overseas, and exhibiting unconditional kindness and compassion to the people of Ukraine, the royal family has, in my view, illustrated the myriad benefits associated to a politically neutral head of state.” In fact, the Queen has a long record of generous donations to good causes particularly in relation to humanitarian disasters. READ MORE: Camilla health fears as fans spot worrying sign: 'She's shaking!'  Following the 2004 tsunami in the Indian ocean, Her Majesty gave a donation to the campaign to help survivors followed by another contribution to humanitarian efforts in Kashmir. The monarch also gave financial support following the outbreak of Ebola in West Africa and a year later along with Prince Charles she contributed towards helping earthquake victims in Nepal. In 2016, the Queen donated again following a horrific earthquake that hit central Italy followed by a donation to the East Africa Appeal in 2017. After a series of natural disasters in Indonesia in 2018, the Queen donated from her own private funds. DON'T MISS:  Royal Family LIVE: Harry & Meghan savaged for new political move [REVEAL] Kate will 'hide feelings' but won't forget [INSIGHT] Queen only answers phone to two people  [SPOTLIGHT] In recent years she also responded to DEC’s aid appeal for those affected by Cyclone Idai in Malawi, Mozambique and Zimbabwe. Prince Charles is also very generous in terms of donations and has supported a wide variety of causes. In November 2020, he donated to the Peres Center for Peace and Innovation becoming the first member of the Royal Family to invest in an Israeli cause. It was just months after his first official visit to Israel where he had visited attended the Fifth World Holocaust Forum at Yad Vashem and marked the 75th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz-Birkenau. Chemi Peres, chairman of the Peres Center described the donation as a “great honour”. He said: “It is a great honour to be the first Israeli non-profit to receive support from a member of the Royal Family. “HRH The Prince of Wales' generosity will help ensure that the Center continues Shimon Peres's legacy of building a better future for all people.”  