Royal expert and correspondent Jonathan Sacerdoti discussed Prince Harry and Meghan Markle and whether the couple would ever return to the UK following their security concerns and challenge to the Home Office. Mr Sacerdoti believed Meghan may not come to the UK "easily" as he believed people had a "low opinion" of her in the country and would require her to be "brave" to face them. But Mr Sacerdoti believed the Platinum Jubilee offered a unique opportunity for the Sussexes to return to the UK and perhaps win over their naysayers if they kept a low profile and celebrated the Queen.    Speaking to Royally US, Mr Sacerdoti discussed the likelihood of Prince Harry and Meghan returning to the UK. He explained: "I don't personally imagine Meghan coming to the UK very easily, she may prove me wrong. "But people here have such a low opinion of her if not both of them these days that I think she'd be very brave to come back to the UK. "I do still say if they could come back and if they could not be front and centre, keep it quiet, but just come back to help celebrate this milestone for not just the queen but for the whole country for British history... "Then that will probably be very nice and it might rehabilitate them somewhat towards the British people. "I don't really think that's their style anymore, they don't like to do things quietly, they don't like someone else to be the centre of attention when they're around. "I think that where Harry and Meghan go, it's the Harry and Meghan show and I think that means that it probably would be better if they didn't come and steal the limelight from the Queen. "But who knows, let's watch this space and let's hope that if they can come they'll do it in a nice way and that it will be an opportunity for the whole family to enjoy being together and to put all that behind them."  Prince Harry is challenging the Home Office's decision to not give him and his family police protection when they visit the UK. Representatives of Prince Harry suggest he is in a unique position due to his royal ties where his safety is particularly at risk and his current security team would not have sufficient jurisdiction in the UK. The Home Office told the Sussex camp that the Metropolitan Police was not for hire with Robert Palmer QC for the Home Office writing "personal protective security by the police is not available on a privately financed basis". Representatives of the Sussexes also wrote in a statement: "He remains sixth in line to the throne, served two tours of combat duty in Afghanistan, and in recent years his family has been subjected to well-documented neo-Nazi and extremist threats. DON'T MISS:'Just stunning': Kate Middleton wears £940 SportMax green coat [PICTURES]‘Out of place’ Harry ‘unconsciously feeds off Meghan’s confidence’ [COMMENT]Beaming Queen seen for first time since Covid diagnosis [NEWS]  "While his role within the Institution has changed, his profile as a member of the Royal Family has not. Nor has the threat to him and his family." According to YouGov's latest poll on the Royal Family towards the end of 2021, Prince Harry has a 39 percent popularity rating and is the ninth most popular royal behind Sophie, Countess of Wessex, and just above Prince Edward. Meghan, however, has a 26 percent approval rating making her the second least popular royal with Prince Andrew at the bottom with 12 percent. 