The number of people testing positive for Covid in the past seven days has increased by nearly 40 percent; there have been 152,378 new positive cases of Covid. Even if you caught the disease last year, could you still be affected by the virus? One of the cycling symptoms of long Covid that comes and goes is fatigue, according to the ONS. There could also be a loss of smell, shortness of breath, and difficulty concentrating. The British Heart Foundation (BHF) added that long Covid has reportedly led to breathlessness, difficulty sleeping, and heart palpitations. Long Covid could also lead to chest tightness or pain, joint or muscle pain, brain fog, and a persistent cough. "There is emerging evidence that some people who develop long Covid have similar symptoms to people with a condition known as postural tachycardia syndrome," the BHF noted. This condition causes dizziness when moving to an upright position, fatigue, and palpitations. READ MORE: How to sleep – 'Hypnotic' sleeping pills and why there's a better alternative While there is no cure for postural tachycardia syndrome, diet, exercise and medication help. How to manage long Covid symptoms When it comes to feelings of fatigue and breathlessness, it's recommended to "pace yourself". Moreover, it can be helpful to "consider the best time of the day to do certain activities based on your energy levels". Frequent and short rests are advised, which are said to be "better than a few longer ones". When it comes to brain fog, taking notes to help you remember things is encouraged. "It can help to make a clear plan before approaching any new or complicated problem or situation," the BHF noted. "Break it down into steps, and keep checking your plan as you follow it." Is there a test for long Covid? There is not one single test for long Covid, which can make diagnosis difficult. Testing might involve blood tests, heart rate and blood pressure checks, a "sit-to-stand" rest, an ECG, and a chest X-ray. Even if long Covid is diagnosed by a medical professional, there is not one single treatment or medication that would be proposed. If you are really struggling with symptoms of long Covid, you might be referred to a specialist rehabilitation centre. The NHS stated: "Each individual will experience Covid recovery differently." The experience of long Covid is also not connected to how ill you were with the initial infection. Many people, however, make a full recovery within 12 weeks of having Covid. "For some people, symptoms can persist for longer than 12 weeks and may change over time and new symptoms may develop," the NHS added. For more information on long Covid symptoms and how to manage them, visit Your Covid Recovery.