Aiden Aslin, who joined a Ukrainian marine unit, said conditions in the coastal city of Mariupol were getting ever more desperate. He said: "Situation is really bad in Mariupol, mass war crimes are being committed by Russian forces, they are targeting anyone they see regardless if they are civilians." Officials in Ukraine reported that intense Russian air strikes hit the besieged port on Tuesday with street fighting raging a day after Moscow's demand to surrender was rejected. The city's council said the bombardments were turning Mariupol into the "ashes of a dead land". Russia's RIA news agency, citing a separatist leader, claimed Russian forces and units of Russian-backed separatists had taken about half of the city. Pavlo Kyrylenko, governor of Donetsk region, said street fighting was taking place there with civilians as well as Ukrainian troops coming under Russian fire.  Mr Aslin was 21 when he signed up to the YPG Kurdish militia group fighting Islamic State in Syria. While there, he met a Ukrainian volunteer who had fought against Russian forces in the Donbas. He persuaded him to sign up to Ukraine's cause. He travelled to Kyiv in 2018 and became a private in the Ukrainian marine infantry after basic training lasting two months. Mr Aslin's comments were sent on WhatsApp to The Telegraph.   READ MORE ABOUT SICK PAY RULE CHANGES He complained about airstrikes targeting the city’s maternity hospital, killing a pregnant woman and her unborn child. He said Russian "grad" rockets were being fired. Mr Aslin said: "Every day and night, they are using grads artillery airstrikes on the civilian areas in the city where we aren’t even located." He added that hospitals have been attacked multiple times, despite being marked as such with ambulances also constantly attacked. The plight of civilians in Mariupol, which is normally home to 400,000 people, has grown ever more desperate.   DON'T MISS: Dr Shola in incredible attack on Queen 'day of reckoning for royals' [LATEST] 'They're getting cross!' Prince William and Kate in stitches [REVEALED] Flight from Frankfurt-Houston U-turns after 7700 squawk alert [REPORT] Hundreds of thousands are believed to be trapped inside buildings with no access to food, water, power or heat. Mr Aslin told The Telegraph: "There’s no power gas in the city and I think soon the situation for civilians will only get worse as food and water run out. The streets look like Stalingrad." He voiced his despair at Russian troops whom he said understood the terrible loss of life inflicted on Stalingrad by the Nazis during the Second World War, but were now using "fascist tactics" in Mariupol. The 28-year-old said: "The very same people who defended Stalingrad from fascists are now using the very same fascist tactics the Nazis used."  On the situation in Mariupol, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said in a video address to Italy's parliament: "There is nothing left there." The city's Deputy Mayor, Sergei Orlov, said Mariupol was under a full blockade and had not received any humanitarian aid. Mr Orlov said: "The city is under continuous bombing, from 50 bombs to 100 bombs Russian aircraft drops each day... A lot of death, a lot of crying, a lot of awful war crimes." Mariupol has become the focus of the war that erupted on February 24 when Russian President Vladimir Putin sent his troops over the border.  Putin calls the war a "special military operation" aimed at demilitarising Ukraine and replacing its pro-Western leadership. Russia has so far failed to seize the capital Kyiv or any other major city. Russian forces are now waging a war of attrition which has reduced some urban areas to rubble and taken a huge civilian toll. The United Nations human rights office in Geneva said on Tuesday it had recorded 953 civilian deaths and 1,557 injured since the invasion. The Kremlin denies targeting civilians. Ukraine has said Russian shells, bombs and missiles have struck a theatre, an art school and other public buildings, burying hundreds of women and children sheltering in cellars.  Deputy Prime Minister, Iryna Vereshchuk, speaking on Ukrainian television on Tuesday, demanded a humanitarian corridor for civilians be opened. She said at least 100,000 people wanted to leave Mariupol, but could not. Referring to Russia's earlier demand the city surrender by dawn on Monday, Ms Vereshchuk said: "Our military is defending Mariupol heroically. We did not accept the ultimatum. They offered capitulation under a white flag." Kyiv has also accused Moscow of deporting residents of Mariupol and separatist-held areas of Ukraine to Russia. Prosecutor General Iryna Venediktova said this included the forcible transfer of 2,389 children to Russia from the Luhansk and Donetsk regions. Moscow denies forcing people to leave, insisting it is taking in refugees. 