Pensioners are the most likely to be losing out on vital Government help according to Age UK. More than three million (3.4 million) pensioners are missing out on Attendance Allowance which is available to Britons who have reached state pension age who are physically or mentally disabled. While Britons are struggling to survive amid the cost of living crisis, campaigners are highlighting that £15billion is wasted in unclaimed benefits every year. Millions of people are missing out on Universal Credit, Pension Credit and Attendance Allowance. This benefit is available to state pensioners who have a physical or mental disability to help them meet additional costs such as paying for a carer. Before applying to the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), they must have needed help for at least six months. READ MORE: Universal Credit and Pension Credit claimants get free prescriptions Who qualifies for Attendance Allowance? Pensioners who have reached state pension age and have a physical disability (including sensory disability, for example blindness), a mental disability (including learning difficulties), or both The disability is severe enough for them to need help caring for themselves or someone to supervise them, for their own or someone else’s safety Must have needed that help for at least six months (unless they are terminally ill). DON'T MISS:Sunak launches new inheritance tax and capital gains tax grab in April [UPDATE]Council tax: How Britons could slice tax bill [INSIGHT]State pension alert: Grandparents could boost sum by £2,340 [ALERT] All benefits are increasing by 3.1 percent in a couple of weeks which will add up to an extra £145.60 a year for people who receive Attendance Allowance. Annually, this will mean people receive £4,804.80, instead of £4,659.20. As well as Attendance Allowance, many people with long term health conditions do not realise that they could be entitled to £7,296 a year in Personal Independence Payments (PIP). While almost half a million (400,000) aren’t claiming Carer’s Allowance which is also worth £292 a month. Attendance Allowance is paid at two different rates depending on how much assistance someone needs. Currently, the rates are as follows: Higher rate - £89.60Lower rate - £60.00 What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea However, some pensioners say the benefits process puts them off applying for help. More than half (58 percent) of claims for Attendance Allowance are rejected. People can ask Age UK and Citizens Advice for help with the benefits process. To check eligibility for all DWP benefits, people can go to Gov.uk where there is a handy benefits calculator.