The Channel 5 series, which came to an end last weekend, saw Jane McDonald visiting various places in Yorkshire that are special to her. For the singer, Yorkshire will always be her home and throughout the series, Jane gave viewers an insight into her childhood and her family life. During one episode, the 58-year-old paid a visit to Leeds City Centre, and in a candid admission she opened up about her shopping addiction which she admitted got out of hand. Recalling a fond memory from her childhood, Jane said: "Now, this is how I remember shopping with my mum on a Saturday afternoon. "The bright lights and exciting array of shops of the big city made Leeds a special day out for us and worth the journey. "We'd ride on the top deck of the bus, the 110 actually and plan our day ahead." READ MORE: Row breaks out on Vine as Dr Shola calls Boris a liar She later continued: "Leeds was the place where I got the shopping bug. "So, it's an illness now, shopping for me because I can't pass a shop. "I really love shopping and Leeds has always been synonymous for having the best shops." The Loose Women panellist went on to explain during her club singing days, she would head to Leeds to find all of her sparkly outfits. Despite her addiction to shopping, the singer explained she would never pay full price for an item, she would always look for the bargains. Jane's shopping addiction seemed to start when she was a teenager as she confessed she would "blow all of her pocket money" on clothes. As she walked through Leeds high street, Jane said: "This was the hub, traffic used to be going up and down here like mad." "It was a vibrant city centre and it still is," she added. Remembering what it was like shopping with her mum as a child, the cruise ship singer explained: "Back in the day, me and mum always knew where the bargains were. "Kirkgate Market, retail therapy started here in 1857, designed by Crystal Palace's architect, Joseph Paxton." Jane went on to add throughout the years, designer shops moved on to the high street and it has now become a haven for shoppers. "Such great memories of this market," she recalled. "I used to come here as a child with my mum." "It was a big occasion to come to Leeds market," Jane added. "There used to be buses turn up from all around the areas, it was heaving when I used to come here. "And the vibe, Leeds Market has a real vibe about it. There was everything here, fabrics, sweets, curtains, it was a fab place." The presenter explained there was nothing like Kirkgate Market in her hometown of Wakefield as she branded it an "Aladdin's cave". "Mum would sometimes buy me the latest boots or sometimes a dress as a little treat," Jane said. Jane McDonald: My Yorkshire is available to watch on Channel 5.