Manchester United legend Gary Neville has torn into his former side's performance against Manchester City. United suffered a 4-1 loss at the Etihad on Sunday to put a further dent in their hopes of finishing in the Premier League top four. The Red Devils are now fifth, a point behind Arsenal having played three games more than the Gunners. City took an early lead through Kevin de Bruyne before Jadon Sancho's fine effort levelled the game up. De Bruyne netted his second to take his side into half-time 2-1 to the good. Riyad Mahrez made it 3-1 to the hosts after 68 minutes and from there on in it was easy going for Pep Guardiola's side. At one point, City had 92 per cent possession in the previous 15 minute period.  Neville was co-commentating on the match and claimed the United players had given up after the third goal. "I have to say Manchester United's response to going 3-1 down is embarrassing," Neville said on Sky Sports. "I've never seen that, in any game of football, 92 per cent possession. They've given up. "I get the fact it's hard, you're playing against a top team. But they're walking around the pitch. Nowhere near good enough." DON'T MISSBarcelona's ridiculous XI if Erling Haaland and three other players join Xavi's team [OPINION]Cesc Fabregas hails two players as 'future of Arsenal' in Watford win but makes mistake [SOCIAL]Roy Keane bites back at Gary Neville over Cristiano Ronaldo before Man City vs Man Utd [QUOTES]  He later added: "The scoreline isn't the problem. It's the response to going 3-1 down that's the problem. They have thrown the towel in. It's like they have nine men. "City have played brilliantly in this second half. But the effort and intensity from United in the last 20 minutes has been non-existent. "There can be no complaints. City have been absolutely outstanding. But as a Manchester United fan, it's embarrassing." City easily could have scored more and finally added a fourth deep into second-half stoppage time.  Mahrez was deemed to be offside by the assistant referee after finishing high past David de Gea. But VAR ruled the Algerian onside and his second goal of the match was confirmed. Neville did not want to lay blame at the door of United interim boss Ralf Rangnick. But he said it was the first big test the German has faced and ultimately failed.  Neville added: "Manchester United finished that game as an absolute shower, they were a disgrace in the final 25 minutes, the first time they’ve come up against a proper team (under Rangnick) and they’ve been given a proper doing. "It’s not his (Rangnick) fault, he won’t be here next season in the dugout, who will."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here