Russia has been in charge of Chernobyl since shortly after the start of Vladimir Putin's "special operation" into Ukraine on February 24. Reports have now emerged suggesting operators at the nuclear power plant have been unable to rest appropriately or change shift, fuelling fears of potential accidents at the site where the biggest nuclear accident in history took place in 1986. Nuclear policy expert Joseph Cirincione warned the current treatment technicians are receiving at Chernobyl is a "recipe for disaster." Speaking to the BBC, Mr Cirincione said: "We should be very worried. "Operating a nuclear power plant under the best of circumstances is a tricky business. These guys are not Homer Simpson, they're trained engineers, technicians. "They take it very seriously, it's a delicate situation. The technicians at Chernobyl or Three Mile Island didn't intend to cause a nuclear catastrophe, something went wrong. "And now you have these operators operating at gunpoint, under the command of a Russian military officer who knows nothing about nuclear power plants, haven't been able to communicate with their families, haven't had a shift change since Thursday, operating under duress." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG He continued: "It's a recipe for disaster. You can't shut them down and we understand that several of the reactors at this site have shut down. "But there's consequences. Number one, you're now cutting down electric supplies to Ukraine which is dangerous in itself. "And second, even if you shut it down it's still dangerous, those fuel rods don't turn off like a lightbulb, they stay hot for months or days so you have to keep cooling it either in the reactor or in the fuel ponds, which are also at the site unprotected. "No containment, no protection whatsoever." READ MORE: Praying for peace in the middle of a savage, brutal war - JOHN MARONE Chernobyl operators have been unable to return home since Russia took over the plant nearly two weeks ago. Valerie, the relative of one of the technicians at the nuclear power plant, reported the staff is being fed poorly and is allowed barely any rest. The woman said: "The conditions are kind of concerning right now. "They're fed only once a day, it's very simple and poor food. DON'T MISS: European panic-buyers overwhelm pharmacies over nuclear fears [VIDEO]Putin plot backfires as Finnish president announces plan to join NATO [INTERVIEW]Ukraine-Russia war: Putin now seizes Russian bank accounts [BLOG] "They can't sleep normally because they have to work basically 24/7 as they have to maintain the plant working properly. "Almost all their moves are controlled. "They're not interrupted if they're working but they can't move freely, they always have to be accompanied by the Russian Army." Moscow on Monday backed proposals from UN atomic watchdog chief Rafael Grossi of a trilateral meeting with Ukraine on ensuring the safety of nuclear facilities. Russia's ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency Mikhail Ulyanov told reporters "Russia supported Grossi's idea regarding a trilateral meeting and we expect that the Ukrainians will also be cooperative. "I believe Chernobyl is not the best place for such a meeting. There are numerous capitals in the world."