Ralph was one of 26 dogs rescued by the RSPCA in October 2020 when their owner was struggling to cope with so many animals. The tiny terrier had been kept in a dark shed with very little human contact. When Ralph came into the care of the charity's Block Fen Animal Centre in Cambridgeshire he was very nervous and had dirty matted fur. Kennel supervisor Tiffany Saunders said: “When Ralph arrived he was completely shutdown. "He would squash himself at the back of his kennel and spent all of his time staring at the wall. "He was very matted and covered in faeces and urine. “The team spent weeks just quietly sitting in his kennel with him offering him treats. "Eventually, he’d come up behind us and take the treats from our hand before running away to the safety of his corner and eating them. "He wouldn’t eat his dinner until night when we’d all gone home, it was heart-breaking." Staff at the RSPCA centre spent months working with Ralph to build up his confidence and get him used to wearing a collar and lead so he could go for walks. READ MORE: Deaf dog left to die in empty building desperate for forever home  Ms Saunders said: “When he first wagged his tail as we entered the kennel it was so incredible." Sarah and Trevor Rix, from Norfolk, adopted Ralph in June 2021 and he is now described as a "happy, confident dog" who "melts the hearts of everyone he meets". Mrs Rix said: “Ralph was a very timid, scared little boy when we rehomed him but with help of the RSPCA staff we became attuned to his needs and learned when to give him his space and when to encourage him to expand the boundaries of his comfort zone. "With a calm and safe routine his behaviour gradually improved as his trust in us increased. DON'T MISSHeartbreak as rescue dog has no applications due to facial scars [PICTURES]Huge rise in reports of dogs with 'barbaric' mutilation [ANALYSIS]Rescue dog still waiting to be picked after 400 days in kennels [INSIGHT] “Ralph loves our other dog, Rosie, and she has helped him with some initial issues with toilet training and car travel. "Ralph and Rosie love to go for woodland walks and we recently took the brave step of letting Ralph off the lead to run and play when we’re in safe areas, he absolutely loves this. “Ralph has made lots of new friends - some four-legged, some two-legged - and has gradually overcome any uncertainty. "Our regular acquaintances say they can't believe how he has changed from a nervous seven-year-old puppy into such a happy, confident dog. “Ralph is a lovely little chap who melts the hearts of everyone he meets and is a favourite with all our family especially the grandchildren. "He is a very sensitive and gentle character who may never fully escape his history but, every day, he brings love into our home. "We feel the day we met him was the start of a wonderful relationship for all of us.” Ms Saunders added: “It’s so wonderful to see how well Ralph is now doing in his new home, he’s unrecognisable from the frightened little dog who arrived with his friends almost 18 months ago during lockdown. "This is what we do this job for, so dogs like Ralph can have the second chance that they deserve.” 