Reports suggest Prince Charles will "lend" the money to Prince Andrew to pay sex abuse victim Virginia Giuffre as the pair came to an out-of-court settlement estimated to be around £12million. Daily Mirror royal editor Russell Myers appeared on Lorraine to discuss the story and why Prince Charles and the Queen may have gotten involved in the costs. He predicted the Royal Family could have opted to become involved to avoid a "cataclysmic" appearance in court, suggesting the royals are trying to limit the impact the story could have on their PR. A source told the Sun that Prince Charles will lend his brother the money and who will pay it back by selling his assets, namely his Swiss chalet. Mr Myers spoke to Lorraine about the claims and said: "You know Prince Andrew had settled this huge huge multi-million-pound settlement with his sex abuse accuser, Virginia Guiffre. "Now it has emerged in the papers today that Prince Charles has apparently lent him some of the money now. "I understand that this settlement was up to £12million, some of that money going into a charity fund for Virginia, the Queen also getting involved lending him money. "Now, the reason they are probably getting involved, reading between the lines, is because if he did go to trial, could you imagine how cataclysmic that would be not only for him but the rest of the Royal Family?" Mr Myers said there would be unwelcomed headlines as a result of the court appearance so the Royal Family wanted to put it to bed. Lorraine asked the source of the funds with Mr Myers saying it would be from the royal's personal funds but questioned how much of that was truly theirs and not the taxpayers'. The Sun also reported a friend of Prince Andrew said he has "no income" so a bank loan is out of the question.    The source said: “There were family discussions about how to ‘take a little from here and a little from there’. “Once [the money] hits his bank account, he can pay back his brother and whoever else has lent him money. “But that payment (to Virginia) has to be paid on time. He can’t rely on selling the chalet. Too many things can go wrong and the court won’t wait for property queries.” It was announced no taxpayer cash would be used to fund the legal costs or settlement of the case. DON'T MISS Kate Middleton pregnant? Duchess 'ramping up' royal duties [INSIGHT]Princess Beatrice and Eugenie forced to flee Balmoral with Fergie [ANALYSIS]Prince Charles gives update on Queen's health after Covid [VIDEO]   Prince Andrew and Ms Giuffre came to a settlement in February after she lodged a civil case against him accusing him of sexual assault, claims which Andrew vehemently denied. Their statement read: “Virginia Giuffre and Prince Andrew have reached an out-of-court settlement. “The parties will file a stipulated dismissal upon Ms Giuffre’s receipt of the settlement. Prince Andrew intends to make a substantial donation to Ms Giuffre’s charity in support of victims’ rights. “Prince Andrew has never intended to malign Ms Giuffre’s character, and he accepts that she has suffered both as an established victim of abuse and as a result of unfair public attacks. “It is known that Jeffrey Epstein trafficked countless young girls over many years. “Prince Andrew regrets his association with Epstein, and commends the bravery of Ms Giuffre and other survivors in standing up for themselves and others. “He pledges to demonstrate his regret for his association with Epstein by supporting the fight against the evils of sex trafficking, and by supporting its victims.” Clarence House refused to comment on the claims.