Brave Christen Kinard suffered two significant traumatic events in her life that in turn, led to weight gain, dermatitis and anxiety and depression. But she managed to turn her life around by discovering a simple lifestyle change that not only improve her physical health, but also her mental health, too. Having tried everything to get her weight and health issues under control, Christen did her own research into what else she could do to get back to her normal self. And after stumbling across an anti-inflammatory diet, she hasn't looked back. "18 months ago my face was covered in dermatitis," she said. "I was 60 pounds (4st 4lb) heavier than I am today and my depression, anxiety and panic were debilitating. "It was then that I started researching and implementing an anti-inflammatory diet and lifestyle and things started to improve. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure "Today I am happier and healthier than I have ever been before. My skin is clear. "My weight has stabilised and I no longer suffer from depression, anxiety and panic." During lockdown, when she had time to focus on herself, Christen changed her diet and lifestyle through the elimination diet. This is a diagnostic procedure used to identify foods that an individual can't consume without adverse effects. "I stumbled my way into an anti-inflammatory lifestyle but I didn’t know at the time that’s what was happening," she admitted. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "My skin cleared up. Weight started falling off of me. "And in just a few months, I could think more clearly and was noticeably better able to handle life event." An anti-inflammatory diet is not a specific regime but rather a style of eating. It favours fruits and vegetables, foods containing omega-3 fatty acids, whole grains, lean protein, healthful fats, and spices. According to Medical News Today, it limits the consumption of processed foods, red meats and alcohol. After researching some more into this new lifestyle, she came across an anti-inflammatory lifestyle programme Eat, Burn, Sleep. "I followed Yalda Alaoui [the founder] for a while on Instagram before signing up for the platform but it was when I signed up that everything kicked into high gear," Christen explained. "Everything made sense. I felt knowledgeable, empowered, supported, and equipped. "I no longer had to rely on a haphazard set of 'rules' that I had developed over time on my own, I had a system, a community, and a lifestyle mapped out for me." But the anti-inflammatory lifestyle isn't a strict one - it does have a lot of flexibility, something Christen described as the "greatest gift" as she continued to heal from her trauma. She continued: "I love food and I travel a lot. I don’t have any significant food allergies and could not live without the occasional warm piece of fresh bread or artisan cheese. "But, about 80 percent of the time, I stick to the lifestyle and I am healthier and happier than I have ever been before. "Today, I am 60 pounds lighter than I was at my heaviest and find it easy to stay at this natural, comfortable weight." She also found that her bloating and digestive discomfort are gone - "unless I overdo it occasionally on the cheese!" she chuckled. But overall Christen is relieved she's found a diet plan and lifestyle that works for her. She added that it has cleared her skin and cured her depression, anxiety and panic, revealing she has been "freed from them for well over a year".