April is Taurus season and with it brings a powerful full moon in Libra and the start of Pluto retrograde. Express.co.uk spoke to Inbaal Honigman, celebrity psychic and astrologer, who explained what’s to come for each star sign this month. Inbaal said: “Aquarius - The start of the month is really favourable for you. “For the first five days of April, Venus, planet of love is in your sign, which will bring luck to your romantic life. “In addition, for the first two weeks of the month, Mars, planet of passion and courage is in your sign, so you'll be feeling energetic, and you'd do well on a new fitness routine.” “Pisces - What a lovely coincidence for you towards the end of the month,” Inbaal commented. “From the 15th onwards, planet of passion, Mars is in your sign, so you'll feel that more people are attracted to you, compliments will be flying your way and it'll be a lovely boost. “But also, from the 6th onwards, love planet Venus is in your sign as well, so emotionally you'll be drawing a lot of positive attention to yourself." READ MORE: Star signs: Aries urged to ‘stand back’ and assess relationship "Aries - Happy Birthday for Aries season,” the expert remarked. “Right at the beginning of the month, 1 April both the sun and the moon are in your sign. “It is the new moon as well, which is a lucky day for you for new beginnings. So tell your crush you love them, apply for that new job or put an offer on the house. The planets want you to have it.” Inbaal continued: “Taurus - Between the 11th and the 29th of the month, you've got Mercury, the planet of communication, in your sign. “This means that those days will be lucky for you in anything to do with contracts, applications, interviews and social media. It's a great time to get that new job.” DON'T MISS...‘Outgoing’ Princess Charlotte compared to Diana - ‘Initially shy’ [BODY LANGUAGE]Aldi shoppers praised £7 face cream for 'youthful' results [REACTION]Michael Mosley: 'Time restricted eating can make weight loss easier' [PODCAST] “Gemini - You might be one of the most impatient signs, but this month you'll have to wait for luck to come along,” she said. “It's not until the final day of April that you find some good fortune - but what a day it is. “30 April sees your own ruling planet, chatty Mercury, enter your sign, and that day (and for the three weeks that follow) you'll be able to charm the very birds from the trees. Book that sales pitch and watch yourself sell every seat in the house.” Inbaal noted: “Cancer - Your Ruling planet is the moon - dreamy, spiritual and serene. “The moon is in Cancer on the weekend of April 9th, so those days will be time of family for you, and the home. “The new moon impacts you on the first and last day of the month, making you feel refreshed and excited, and the full moon on the 16th will bring you some lucky moments, so get those lottery tickets in.” “Leo - Our bright and massive Sun is your ruling planet, which is why you're so regal and sunny yourself,” the astrologer said. “The Sun is in Aries until the 19th, so this is a time of action and activity for you - the outdoors, the gym, the beach. “From the 20th the Sun is in Taurus, so you shift it down a gear, and get indoors more, read a book, have a quiet coffee and enjoy some peace.” “Virgo - Your ruling planet is Mercury, which is why you're fast talking yet sensible,” Inbaal commented. “This is a month of two halves for you - neither easy. “For the first 10 days of April, Mercury is in Aries, your fast talking could trip you up, as Aries is fiery and jokey, rather than sensible. “And for the rest of the month, Mercury is in Taurus, which is sensible but slow-moving, and takes its time arriving at the punchline.” Inbaal revealed: “Libra - The Full Moon in Libra comes just once a year - and here it is, on the 16th. “This is your night to write up everything you wish for, everything you want to manifest - romantically, financially and personally, and let the blessings of the Full Moon wash over your manifesting list. “You might find it hard to sleep that night, your mind will be bursting with plans and ideas.” “Scorpio - Even though your ruling planet is Pluto, which is languishing in Aquarius for a generation, you used to be thought of as ruled by Mars,” she explained. “And Mars is enjoying some exciting transitions for you! April starts for you with Mars, interestingly, also in “Aquarius, so you can't avoid its influences - the arty, humanitarian sign directs your focus towards doing good and being good. But on the 15th it shifts to Pisces, bringing some romantic vibes into your life at long last.” Inbaal commented: “Sagittarius - Your ruling planet is generous, expansive Jupiter - which spends all of April in dreamy and romantic Pisces. “It's actually been in that placement for a few months. This means you've been less blunt, more sweet than your usual boisterous self. “But it's the final month to enjoy that lovely turn of events. Next month, you're back to your old rowdy self.” “Capricorn - You are, by nature, a business-minded sign, favouring accurate sciences and numbers over the arts,” the astrologer said. “This whole month (and longer), your ruling planet, Saturn, is in humanitarian sign Aquarius, which means you're not exactly feeling focused on your goals. “A moment's respite arrives in the shape of the moon in Capricorn, from the 21st to the 24th. That's the time to schedule all those important meetings.”