In recent weeks, drivers around the world have experienced record petrol, diesel and oil prices following global uncertainty caused by the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Mark Tufnell, President of the Country, Land and Business Association (CLA), argues that the Government must intervene to protect drivers. In a comment to Express.co.uk, he said: “Rising oil prices put further pressure onto the rural economy, including farmers, and threaten the viability of small rural businesses. “They can often plunge families into fuel poverty. “People living in rural communities inherently face additional fuel costs due to their distance from work, supermarkets and public services. “As well as the sky-high price of diesel and petrol, those whose homes are heated by oil have seen their costs triple. READ MORE: Britons urged to ban cars on Sundays to reduce petrol and diesel costs “When it comes to fuel prices, the public have long memories.” The CLA represents more than 28,000 farmers, rural businesses and landowners, and has called on the Government to introduce a windfall tax. It hopes this will prevent oil and gas companies from profiteering, which is especially important for rural communities, given how vulnerable they are to rising fuel costs. The Labour Party has also called for a windfall tax to combat the “super profits” of energy companies, in the hope that it will cut bills for drivers. DON'T MISSNew diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ [SHOCKING]Millions of drivers risk jail and fines for Six Nations drink driving [WARNING]All new homes will be required to install an electric car charger [INSIGHT] Labour said a tax should be imposed on North Sea oil and gas producers, which would reduce the average household energy bill by £200. Mr Tufnell added: “We know that when oil and gas prices rise, the costs are passed to the consumer immediately. “But when the prices begin to fall, oil companies are very slow indeed to pass those savings on. “Oil and gas companies, refineries and petrol stations must not profiteer from this crisis – and the Government must implement a windfall tax on any that do. “Meanwhile, farmers, who are struggling to cope with huge changes in agricultural policy and hyperinflation in commodities such as fertiliser, now have even greater costs to bear. “The knock-on impacts are hard to predict, but they will likely mean reduced food security and higher prices for consumers.” According to the latest data from the RAC Foundation, average petrol prices are 165.89p for a litre of petrol. Diesel drivers face a far higher cost of 177.34p per litre, almost 50p more per litre than this time last year. This signals five weeks of nearly continuous pump price rises that set new records, starting on February 11 when petrol rose above the 147.72p previous record. Price rises stopped momentarily on just two days of that five-week period. The AA stated that there has been “no relief for drivers” as a result of wholesale costs of fuel being below the peak on March 8.