Met Office spokesperson Nicola Maxey told Express.co.uk that the forecaster expects weather records to "be beaten" this coming weekend. Meanwhile, Met Office weather forecaster Clare Nasir said that temperatures in the UK are now "on the up", predicting "lovely sunshine" and "very warm" weather across the country.  She said that temperatures could reach as high as 18C in Moray Firth amid a spell of dry weather over the weekend. The highest temperature recorded by the Met Office so far in 2022 was 17.2C in Worcestershire, meaning that this bout of warm weather is likely to bring the hottest temperatures yet this year. Mr Maxey said: "The highest UK maximum temperature recorded so far this year is 17.2C (Pershore, 16th Feb). "Highest max so far this year for Wales is 16.3C (Colwyn Bay, 16th Feb), NI 15.1C (Murlough, 16th Feb) and Scotland 15.9C (Achnagart, 1st Jan). "We do expect these to potentially be beaten on Friday or Saturday." Ms Nasir said: "Temperatures are on the up over the next few days you can see here most places will be fine and dry with some lovely sunshine. "Into the weekend high pressure reaching across Denmark will allow for settled conditions to extend right across the UK, but some stronger winds on Saturday certainly, gusts over the hills and moors as well as the mountains but with a southerly wind it will feel very warm across some parts particularly I would say the Moray Firth where we could see an 18C. "Generally the weekend is looking fine and dry, much warmer with some sunshine." READ MORE: UK weather forecast: African air to cook Britain in 20C Spanish plume WXCharts has forecast highs of 16C in the midlands next Tuesday, 15C in the South and highs of temperatures of 12C in the North. No rain has been forecast for the next week. The weather forecaster has also predicted wind speeds of between 39km/h and 62km/h across the UK on Saturday. Fellow Met Office forecaster Dan Stroud said that London and the southeast are most likely to feel the warm, sunny weather. DON'T MISS: Panic erupts at 'creepy' orange sky - Saharan dust cloud covers London [REACTION] North Korea, Iran and China forming nuclear 'axis' of horror [INSIGHT] UK storm forecast: 'Unstable' thunderstorm rampages to Britain [REPORT] Speaking to the Sun, he said: "We are likely to see some very pleasant spring sunshine, especially for the London and southeast area, during the course of the Saturday. "We're looking at temperatures of up to 16, 17, and perhaps even a rounded 18C could be possible." However, Ms Nasir warned that the UK could see colder weather in the lead up to the warm weekend, with some parts of Scotland even seeing snow in high ground. She said: "For the Western Isles and Northern Ireland the clouds will thicken here with some showery bursts of rain through the early hours of the morning and a strengthening wind. "Elsewhere a fairly widespread frost leading to a cold start to the day come Thursday morning but for many it will be bright with some sunshine. "It is not the case across western Scotland, you can see some heavy bursts of rain, snow above 600m or 700m. "That rain extends down towards Northern Ireland."