Red Bull boss Christian Horner says the FIA changes which have been made ahead of the new F1 season are “never ideal” and thinks having two race directors interchanging could lead to a lack of consistency. Horner helped mastermind Max Verstappen’s maiden Drivers' Championship win last season after the Dutchman controversially won the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in December. There was a huge fallout in F1 at the end of last year as Lewis Hamilton missed out on a record eighth title after race director Michael Masi had caved to pressure from Red Bull at the season-decider. Hamilton had been well clear of Verstappen as the winner-takes-all Grand Prix was entering its latter stages. But Williams’ Nicholas Latifi crashed into a wall, which resulted in a safety car being deployed. Verstappen pitted for fresh tyres during the pause as five drivers came between the title protagonists. And after being lobbied by Red Bull chiefs ahead of the restart, Masi gave permission for the five cars to overtake and move out of the way, before allowing Verstappen to pull level with Hamilton for a one-lap shootout. JUST IN: Nikita Mazepin shown sympathy by Schumacher as Haas F1 driver binned over Ukraine invasion  Verstappen made the most of his fresh rubber to storm past the Briton and claim the title as Mercedes were left to rue what might have been. Masi was slammed for his decisions after the race had come to an end and the FIA later launched an investigation. And ahead of the new season, Masi was sacked from his role, with Eduardo Freitas and Niels Wittich being handed the responsibility of alternating race director duties throughout the new season. The duo will be supported by Herbie Blash, who has returned to F1 as an advisor five seasons after quitting as deputy race director. DON'T MISS:Damon Hill hints Max Verstappen has F1 advantage that is out of Lewis Hamilton's controlToto Wolff stokes the flames over Max Verstappen incident as Jenson Button places blameLewis Hamilton given taste of his own medicine by Max Verstappen claims old foe Rosberg  The changes were announced in February – two months after former rally champion Mohammed Ben Sulayem took over from the outgoing Jean Todt as FIA president. Horner believes Ben Sulayem has been keen to stamp his mark on the sport but has suggested that having two race directors could cause problems. “It's going to be interesting to see how that works,” Horner told BBC Breakfast on Monday. “For me it's never ideal to have - you want consistency. Having one race director for me was preferential to splitting that role.  “We have a new president who has come in and inherited that situation and he's looked to impose change. “It's great that Herbie Blash, very experienced race control member, is coming back into the fray as well. “We'll see how it pans out. I thought it was harsh on Michael Masi that he was replaced after a lot of pressure being put on him. “Everything is back to zero. New season, new regulations, everything to play for.” 