Princess Alexandra, the Honourable Lady Ogilvy, arrived at Westminster Abbey, in London, along with other members of the Royal Family for the Service of Celebration for Commonwealth Day. The royal stepped out alongside the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall to commemorate the Queen’s 70 years as head of the Commonwealth. Princess Alexandra of Kent, Queen Elizabeth II's cousin and the daughter of Prince George, Duke of Kent, wore a blue midi skirt and a long sleeve top with a matching hat. The royal combined the elegant outfit with black velvet gloves and a black clutch bag. For jewellery, Princess Alexandra donned a beautiful diamond square brooch, a pearl necklace and a pair of pearl and diamond earrings. READ MORE: Weight loss: Woman loses 10st and maintains by cutting out 1 food  On social media, royal watcher @muisjemama said: "Princess Alexandra and the Duchess of Cornwall look stunning!" Twitter user @rich_kimmie commented: "My goal in life is now officially to have just 1/10 of the style and beauty as Princess Alexandra." The Duchess of Cambridge wore a beautiful royal blue dress coat with a matching hat. The royal accessorised the ensemble with a sapphire pendant necklace, a black clutch bag, and black stilettos. Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, who arrived with the Duke of Cornwall, opted for a purple coat dress and matching hat. Twitter user @cadimamartins wrote: “Gorgeous couple! HRH Catherine is very elegant.”  Another Twitter user @isabelcmalkin said: “Wonderful coat dress in a beautiful colour. “I love the hat, lovely and elegant couple!”  Another royal watcher, @RoyallyBlunt wrote: “Goddess! “Breathtakingly beautiful in blue!”  The Commonwealth represents a network of 54 countries working together with shared economic, environmental, social and democratic goals. For 2022, the Commonwealth theme is ‘Delivering A Common Future’ and is the first in-person gathering of the Commonwealth since the start of the pandemic. The event wants to reflect Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee Year with a special focus on the role her service plays in the lives of people and communities across the Commonwealth. 