Mr Cawthorn, who was elected in 2020 as the youngest person ever to serve in Congress aged just 26, made the comments during an appearance on the Warrior Poet podcast hosted by John Lovell. The North Carolina Representative, who goes up for re-election in November, appeared on the podcast in his wheelchair wearing a camouflage baseball cap and a t-shirt which exposed his tattoos. When asked by Mr Lovell about whether the corruption in the Netflix series House of Cards was also visible in Washington, Mr Cawthorn said: "The sexual perversion that goes on in Washington, I mean, being kind of a young guy in Washington where the average of is probably 60 or 70, I'm looking at all these people, a lot of them that I've looked up to through my life, I've always paid attention to politics. "Then all of a sudden you get invited... 'We're going to have a sexual get-together at one of our homes, you should come'. "What did you just ask me to come to? And then you realise they're asking you to come to an orgy. "Or the fact that some of the people who are leading on the movement to try and remove addiction in our country, and then you watch them do a key bump of cocaine right in front of you. And it's like, this is wild." JUST IN: Donald Trump's call logs show almost 8 hour gap while January 6 protesters stormed Capitol Cawthorn's appearance on the Warrior Poet podcast, which has over 1.2million subscribers, has been viewed over 165,000 times on YouTube and has been liked by 16,000 users on the video-sharing platform. The GOP congressman's comments have also sparked outrage within Republican Party ranks. House Minority leader Kevin McCarthy promised to speak to Mr Cawthorn about the allegations made, the Californian congressman's office has confirmed. Meghan McCain has also been quick to question Mr Cawthorn's account. Writing for DailyMail.com, the daughter of the late Arizona Senator and one-time GOP contender for the White House John McCain said: "Congressman Madison Cawthorn represents a fringe group within the Republican party just as the progressive extremists of The Squad represent a far-left slice of the Democratic party. "These loud, proud, media-obsessed Republicans, including Marjorie Taylor Greene, Matt Gaetz and Lauren Boebert, are first among the most radical and obnoxious figures on the right." She added: "Either Cawthorn is a fabulous and outlandish liar or the Republican Caucus has some explaining to do. "I understand why members of Congress are angry and want him to name names to clear their own. DON'T MISS:Reports claim Putin is hiding in secret luxury nuclear bunkers [REVEALED]Russian soldiers in Ukraine panicking: 'What have we got into' [LATEST]Ukraine LIVE: Putin deploys 1,000 strong assassination squad [LIVE] "But if Cawthorn is so alarmed and disgusted with this behaviour then he should be the first to expose those behind it." However, this is not the first time Mr Cawthorn found himself in hot water. The GOP lawmaker described Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky as a "thug" and even claimed his Government in Kyiv was "incredibly evil". His comments, which were made following Vladimir Putin's invasion of the ex-Soviet state, were widely condemned by his Republican colleagues.