The Victorian home in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, is shared by four people, with one communal garden area. However, reports Gloucester Live, one of the group decided to fence off a section for herself in the back garden. The huge fence has forced the bins to be moved and ruins the garden for her neighbours. At nearly 2 metres high, the new fence has been slated by the neighbours as an “eyesore” and a “sheep pen”. Having to move the bins has also been inconvenient and frustrating for other residents - particularly the elderly. Alice Reeve lives there with her elderly mother. She said: “My mother and I have lived here for 35 years. It's a property of interest. It's a beautiful Victorian building which looks out onto Pittville park. "It's always been the case that the flats share the garden at the back. It's always worked over the years - it's a very open space." She explained that the resident responsible for building the enormous fence, moved in five years ago. The resident said her neighbour immediately made her intentions to have increased privacy clear. She said: "Over lockdown I analysed it and thought, this isn't going to work. It's such a beautiful property and I knew it wasn't going to work. "She wants privacy but that's absolutely ridiculous. I can look out of my bedroom window and see into 'her garden'. "I could also just look over the fence, so it doesn't give her any privacy really." READ MORE: Jet2 passenger sparks mid-air chaos 'Don't ****ing touch me!' - [VIDEO] Ms Reeve said that the other occupiers of the house have been badly affected. She said: “It's the poor neighbours that I feel sorry for," she explained. "Their kitchen window now looks out onto the fence. The basement flat also now just has a view of the fence. "I've heard people call it a depressing eyesore, a sheep pen and that sort of thing. It is absolutely horrendous and all the neighbours have screamed about it." DON'T MISS: Sturgeon slammed over refusing chance to 'replace Putin' [ANALYSIS]Chancellor Rishi Sunak set to announce £50.5billion triple tax hike [INSIGHT]POLL: Do YOU think MPs colluded with Remainers to stop Brexit? [REVEAL] All three of the other residents objected to the building plans, but they went ahead. The housemate even filed a second application for the "erection of garden shed to rear of existing garage" which all three residents unanimously objected to once more. The neighbour responsible for building the fence was approached but refused to comment.