He warned the dynamic in the factory was the main reason Mercedes “have not been able to control” the team in recent years. He said it was Red Bull, instead of Mercedes, that had “retained the essence of a race team” and claimed this had helped improve their car. Horner said: “When you turn up at our factory in Milton Keynes, your sole purpose is working for the race team to improve the car and achieve the best results we can. You have to be prepared to move quickly and you’ve got to be able to react quickly, not be afraid to speak up, not be afraid to speak your mind.“We are a bit more of a maverick than any other team and that is why Mercedes have not been able to control us.”He added there has been an “element of influence” at other teams, including Mercedes. However, he said “there isn’t that influence” at Red Bull which has made them a “dangerous competitor” to the German manufacturer. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton must make one change to beat Max Verstappen It comes just a week after Horner suggested Mercedes were “bullying” Race Director Michael Masi who was fired after a controversial end to last season.Speaking on BBC Radio Five Live, he said: “I think a lot of pressure was put on him by one of our competitors on the FIA. I think it was unfair to be honest with you. It was a He added: “Was it right to fire him based on pressure that was placed on him from a rival team? That for me was wrong. That's tantamount to bullying. It's passively aggressive." However, Mercedes boss Toto Wolff launched his own attack on Red Bull’s part in the Abu Dhabi finale. DON'T MISSMcLaren's Zak Brown casts verdict on Toto Wolff and Christian Horner [INSIGHT]Red Bull warns Mercedes could start a ‘mirror war’ [COMMENT]Sergio Perez fires ambitious warning to Red Bull team-mate Verstappen [ANALYSIS] He said: “[Jonathan Wheatley] turned Michael Masi the race director, not only in Abu Dhabi but before, and probably Max owes him a lot.” Verstappen beat Hamilton by the barest of margins after a last lap pass at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix to claim his maiden crown. Pre-season testing has put Red Bull among the favourites for contention with Verstappen setting the fastest lap on the final day. His times were faster than the Ferrari of Charles Leclerc and a second quicker than Hamilton's new Mercedes team-mate George Russell.