Despite the fact that some corporations have ceased their operations in Russia, others, including Coca Cola, McDonald's, Burger King, PepsiCo, KFC, Starbucks, continue to make profit by trading in the country. Using tags such as #BoycottCocaCola, #BoycottKFC and so on, consumers took to Twitter to call for sabotage against the companies. A Twitter user with the handle @SvitYarm wrote: ”I spent 5 years working for Coca-Cola in Ukraine. “Now my ex-colleagues are fighting for their lives and freedom under Putin's bombs. “Our customers' businesses are in ruins. “Shame on you @CocaCola for helping to fund Putin's war crimes #boycottCocaCola” @profsked posted: “McDonalds, Coca Cola, Pepsi, KFC, Starbucks and Burger King are refusing to stop providing services in Russia. Boycott them now!” Reporter John Sweeney uploaded a video on his Twitter account calling for a boycott against McDonald’s. He said: “BOYCOTT @McDonalds until Vladimir Putin's war stops or they stop making money in Russia.” Commenting on the issue, Labour MP Chris Bryant said that the refusal to stop operations in Ukraine is “appalling”. He added that some multinational companies “have lost their moral compass”, since they “won’t do the right thing”, the Mirror reports. Lib Dem Leader Ed Davey also made a statement on the matter. He said: “Too many Western companies seem to think it’s ­business as usual despite Putin’s horrific invasion of Ukraine.” Yum! Brands, the corporation that owns KFC, Pizza Hut, and Taco Bell announced that it has suspended all investment and restaurant development in Russia and that it will direct all profits from its stores in Russia to humanitarian efforts. The company said that nearly all of its stores in Russia are operated by independent owners under licence or franchise agreements. This includes approximately 1,000 KFC and 50 Pizza Hut restaurants. Some of the other companies too do not operate their stores themselves, and therefore have no immediate control over the trading. In a statement, Burger King has said its 800 outlets in Russia “are owned and operated by local franchisees and are not company-owned restaurants”. They added, however, that the company supports the ­sanctions and “will insist” that the ­franchisees in Russia will stop their operations. At the same time, Starbucks has said that its 130 stores in Russia outlets are owned by a “licensed partner”. Several multinational companies have paused their operations in Russia, joining the world in condemning the invasion in Ukraine. After stopping all future projects and acquisitions in Russia, Netflix suspended streaming in the country too, following a regulation that would require the service to air Russian state-backed channels. Chinese-owned TikTok acted accordingly and stopped its service in Russia, after the Kremlin criminalised the spreading of what it deems to be fake news about its invasion of Ukraine. Apple and Visa have also restricted their services in Russia, contributing to the isolation of the country. Accountant firms EY and Deloitte have also severed ties with Russia amid its invasion of Ukraine, following KPMG and PwC. Express.co.uk has contacted the corporations for comment.