The MP for Romsey and Southampton North spoke to BBC Breakfast's Roger Johnson about a government scheme set to launch on Monday which will encourage British homes to take in refugees fleeing war in Ukraine, and will include a "thank you" payment. When she was questioned on the BBC morning show about the government's "slow" response to the crisis so far, Nokes agreed more needed to be done sooner. The last couple of weeks has seen widespread criticism over the UK's speed and scale in response to the crisis. "What can be done to speed up this visa process?" Johnson asked Nokes. The MP replied: "Well, I think we've seen a number of changes over the past few days even, which includes taking biometrics from people in the UK. I gather there is a massive backlog in them at the moment, so that's progress. "But I also welcome the appointment of Lord Harrington as the minister to oversee this programme. He has massive experience in the Home Office with the Syrian refugee scheme. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one "And I think it finally shows the government has identified people in the UK want to help. "They want to offer up their homes. Now we just need to get this coordination and visa issuing all moving so that people can begin to come here." Later, Johnson asked: "You said those HMRC staff should have been moved over weeks ago, implicitly that the government has been too slow. "Many people have been very critical of the speed of the response, I mean, has it been embarrassing for you as a conservative MP how slow it's been?" "Well I stood up in the House of Commons this week and described it as being at a snail's pace," Nokes pointed out. "And I think it's important that there is cross-party unity on this. "There are people from all sides of the House of Commons saying this has to be faster - I am one of them." Johnson remarked: "There are people who watch who quite reasonably hold the view that actually we have Syrian people who come over, we've had people over from Afghanistan, we have plenty of people who we're trying to process as refugees and we don't need anymore and they're not willing to help. What would you say to them?" DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast guest trying to help Ukrainian family in tears [VIDEO]Joanna Lumley 'burst into tears' over huge news [LATEST]James Martin reveals reality of Britain's Dover Sole being sent abroad [VIDEO] Looking stunned, Nokes replied: "Well, I sit here in horror at the phrase 'we don't need anymore, no - we don't need people, we need to help them. "It is a privilege to be in a position where we can offer support to people who are fleeing war." Viewers watching took to social media to comment on the interview. Twitter user Sir Dave Grey-Fox wrote: "Well said Caroline Nokes just now on #BBCBreakfast we need to help refugees and it should be a privilege to do so. Welcome view from a Tory." @Lydiateapott penned: "Caroline Noakes... bravo for speaking out on #BBCBreakfast against those who would say no to refugees. 'Sickening' attitudes she stated...and reinforced that we NEED to help. "Not what I expected to hear from a conservative... so credit to her." Jonathan Blake commented: "Fmr immigration minister @carolinenokes welcomes homes for Ukraine scheme but says qns about tax implications for householders taking people in need answers @BBCBreakfast." (sic) "‘It is a privilege to be in a position where we can offer to help people’. @carolinenokes is absolutely spot on regarding our responsibility to help those seeking refuge from war in #Ukraine #BBCBreakfast," Ben Cottam argued. BBC Breakfast airs daily at 6am on BBC One.