The Duke of Cambridge invoked the spirit of Bob Marley by talking about what made the country "so special". The Duke of Cambridge described the highlights of the visit including meeting Doctors, Nurses, children and members of the Jamaican Defence Forces in an Instagram post. He said: "Already in our short time here in Jamaica, Catherine and I are delighted to have felt what Bob Marley described so many years ago – the spirit of ‘One love’ that Jamaica has given to the world and which makes this country so special. "As we heard for ourselves at the cradle of reggae music last night in Trench Town, when the Rasta drums start playing, you really do know how to have a good time. "Here in Kingston today we’ve met students and staff at Shortwood Teachers’ College, striving to give children a strong foundation for life; "Doctors and nurses in Spanish Town Hospital working selflessly to care for the sick and vulnerable despite the challenges of the pandemic; "And the Jamaican Defence Force working hand in glove with local communities in Flankers to prepare young people for employment and adult life. "We deeply admire their dedication and commitment. "Catherine and I only wish we had more time to spend with you all in Jamaica." The visit has been controversial with protesters demanding that Jamaica receives reparations from the UK for slavery overshadowing the visit. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'so fragile' as security claims caused 'hurt' The Duke was also forced to wade into the debate by condemning slavery in a speech on Wednesday. Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness has also used the visit to indicate that his country intends to follow Barbados in declaring itself a republic. Despite these difficulties royal fans were salivating at the images the Duke uploaded on Instagram. One user, am90026, wrote: "Prince William looks like Mr. Bond walking on scene and also Catherine’s bodyguard." DON'T MISS:  Meghan Markle fans rejoice at video of Kate seemingly being snubbed [REVEAL] Royal Family: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan mocked over Oscars claim [SPOTLIGHT] Another user, mimideluca, wrote: "She looks beautiful." A third, lisavance76, added: "Love all the great photos from this tour!"