Conor McGregor has admitted he is also interested in buying Manchester United and Celtic after revealing he wants to purchase Chelsea from Roman Abramovic. Abramovich, who comes from Russia, has put the Stamford Bridge club up for sale following his country’s invasion of Ukraine. Following Abramovich’s confirmation that he is looking to offload the west Londoners, McGregor took to social media as he tweeted the club to reveal a message he had sent to an associate. “Chelsea for sale £3bn,” wrote the UFC superstar. “Let's buy it.” McGregor then responded to an article on Twitter which detailed Abramovich’s asking price for the club. “I hereby put forward my offer of £1.5bn,” replied the 33-year-old. And McGregor took to Twitter once again on Sunday morning to insist he’s deadly serious and there are other clubs he is also considering buying. “I do not speak in jest,” he penned. “I am exploring this, as I said. TOP STORY: Man Utd ‘have Ralf Rangnick consultancy doubts’ as Erik ten Hag advantage emerges   “Celtic from Dermot Desmond, Manchester United from the Glaziers, and now the recently up for sale Chelsea football club. “All being explored. A football franchise purchase is in my future make no mistake about it.” And the MMA fighter believes he would be the perfect person to own a football club. “Every day I ball,” McGregor wrote in a follow-up post on Sunday. “How wouldn’t I lead a team of young, dedicated athletes to glory. I’m perfect for the job. Pray it’s your team.” DON'T MISSArsenal may have next Pires and Ljungberg and now just need to find their new HenryLiverpool boss Klopp may have given away who he wants to sign if Mane or Salah leaveChelsea could look at £83.5m defender if Muhsin Bayrak buys club from Roman Abramovich     Abramovich bought Chelsea in 2003 and has overseen a hugely successful period for the club. But he has now insisted that it is “in the best interest of the club” for him to sell it. “I would like to address the speculation in media over the past few days in relation to my ownership of Chelsea FC,” Abramovich said in a statement earlier this week. “As I have stated before, I have always taken decisions with the club’s best interest at heart. “In the current situation, I have therefore taken the decision to sell the club, as I believe this is in the best interest of the club, the fans, the employees, as well as the club’s sponsors and partners.   “Please know that this has been an incredibly difficult decision to make, and it pains me to part with the club in this manner. However, I do believe this is in the best interest of the club. “I hope that I will be able to visit Stamford Bridge one last time to say goodbye to all of you in person. “It has been a privilege of a lifetime to be part of Chelsea FC and I am proud of all our joint achievements. Chelsea Football Club and its supporters will always be in my heart.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 