Million of people take statins with the principle aim of staving off the risk of heart disease. They help to achieve this outcome by lowering high cholesterol levels. However, statins are not entirely benign: they can cause side effects. One extremely rare but serious side effect is rhabdomyolysis. Rhabdomyolysis is a severe form of myopathy, diseases of the muscles usually characterised by weakness. "Rhabdomyolysis is a serious syndrome resulting from the breakdown of skeletal muscle fibres and the subsequent leakage of muscle contents into the circulatory system. These substances, which include myoglobin, are harmful to the kidneys and can cause kidney failure," explained Doctor Mike Ozkor, consultant cardiologist at The Wellington Hospital, part of HCA Healthcare UK. According to Doctor Ozkor, the exact cause of statin-induced rhabdomyolysis is unknown. "However, what is known is that the higher the dose of statins, the higher the risk of developing rhabdomyolysis." READ MORE: Statins: 'Common' side effects of atorvastatin could include bleed in the brain - signs  Consequently, it is important that statins are prescribed with "caution", the doc said. He continued: "An awareness of the interaction of statins with other medication is also needed, as risk can be increased by interaction with concurrent use of certain medications." The most common signs and symptoms of rhabdomyolysis include: DON'T MISSCancer: Two types of pain associated with cancer [INSIGHT]Dementia: 'Commonly prescribed' drug linked to decline [TIPS]Pfizer vaccine: Two complications reported in document [ADVICE] The doc was keen to stress that, while the side effect can be "life-threatening",  it's very "rare". It is estimated around 1.5 in every 100,000 people taking statins will develop the syndrome. Three common signs of rhabdomyolysis can show up in your pee, explained Doctor Ozkor. These include dark red or brown coloured urine, or decreased urination.  According to Doctor Ozkor, rhabdomyolysis from statins can be diagnosed with a blood test measuring levels of the enzyme creatinine kinase (CK). "If you notice any of these symptoms after starting to take statins, contact your GP immediately. For a full recovery, prompt treatment and early diagnosis is important." The doc added: "Your GP will be able to provide a proper diagnosis and advise on the best course of action, ensuring any necessary steps are taken to prevent any serious damage to your kidneys." It's important to stress that many people who take statins experience no or very few side effects. "Your doctor should discuss the risks and benefits of taking statins if they're offered to you," the NHS says. The risks of any side effects also have to be balanced against the benefits of preventing serious problems. A review of scientific studies into the effectiveness of statins found around one in every 50 people who take the medicine for five years will avoid a serious event, such as a heart attack or stroke, as a result. Lifestyle changes that can reduce your cholesterol level and CVD risk include: