The new style number plates came into effect last week and drivers are now being urged to make sure their vehicles are displaying the right one - otherwise they could be stung with an eye-watering fine. The Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) announced a number of changes to how number plates work and how they’re designed as a new batch of 2022 registration plates was launched. The changes mean that if old plates don't adhere to the new rules, the owner could now be breaking the law, the Liverpool Echo reported. The rules include changes to the lettering type allowed on plates, materials used, location identification and identifiers. The new plates have been created to resist wear and tear, and are reportedly easier to track with surveillance equipment. READ MORE: Thousands of classic cars to become tax-exempt It also means that some registration plates could actually be deemed illegal so drivers have been urged to check theirs - here are the things to check: The lettering of number plates Plates will now need to display solid black lettering. This change has been made following the ban of number plate lettering effects that give registrations the appearance of being 3D. DON'T MISSClassic cars should not be taxed the same as commuter cars [INSIGHT]Classic cars to receive ‘100 percent discount’ for car tax changes [COMMENT]Classic car owners could be ‘penalised a lot more’ in car tax changes [ANALYSIS] In addition, lettering on plates will still be permitted to be made of Perspex or acrylic, provided all other criteria are being met. The change is being made to make it easier for Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) systems to pick up and identify vehicles. It may be worth checking the lettering on plates to make sure there is no breach of the new rules.  Location identificationThe new number plates will also have to include the supplier’s business name and postcode, along with the name of the number plate manufacturer and the new standard. It will also need to show the name of the licence plate manufacturer. New identifierAnother big change that may be a little more obvious is that plates will now have the Union Jack on the side, rather than the EU flag. Plates will also now read ‘UK’ rather than ‘GB’ to reflect the UK’s exit from the European Union. Drivers who fail to display their plates correctly could be slapped with a huge fine. The DVLA says: "Number plates (also known as licence plates) must show your registration number correctly. “You cannot rearrange letters or numbers, or alter them so that they’re hard to read. It continues: “You could be fined up to £1,000 and your vehicle will fail its MOT test if you drive with incorrectly displayed number plates." New plates are released every six months, with the new ‘72’ batch due for release in September 2022. The first two letters of your plate reflect where the vehicle was registered. LA – LY plates, for instance, mean the car was registered in London. Digits three and four reflect the year the car was registered, with this system set to be in place until February 2051.