The list of countries who have qualified for the Qatar World Cup is nearing completion, with only six more places up for grabs. Express Sport looks at those who have qualified and where matches still need to take place. Portugal navigated a potential banana-skin play-off tie against North Macedonia, beating Italy’s nemesis 2-0 on Tuesday night. Meanwhile, a Robert Lewandowski-inspired Poland – who finished second in England’s group – beat Sweden 2-0. There is still one more play-off to be contested to decide the 13th and final European nation. It has not been deemed suitable for Ukraine’s semi-final against Scotland to go ahead due to the ongoing conflict in Eastern Europe. The winner of that game will face Wales in the final. Gareth Bale’s brace saw off Austria last week in the semi-finals. The 10 European nations who topped their respective groups were: Germany, Denmark, Belgium, France, Croatia, Spain, Serbia, England, Switzerland and the Netherlands. Iran and South Korea have progressed to Qatar as the first and second-placed teams in Group A. As have Saudi Arabia and Japan who finished first and second in Group B. The third-placed teams – the United Arab Emirates and Australia – will clash in a play-off tie. The winner of that game will face South America’s Peru to decide who goes to the World Cup.   JUST IN: Five stars who thrived by dropping down a league as Alli gets advice Canada beat Jamaica 4-0 on Tuesday to become the first CONCACAF nation to qualify. In doing so, they entered their first World Cup for 46 years. There are two more automatic spots up for grabs, with the USA and Mexico favourites to take them. Their final group matches take place on Wednesday. Fourth place will play the winner of the Oceania play-off between New Zealand and Solomon Islands. Brazil, Argentina, Ecuador and Uruguay qualified through the first phase of qualifying, with the likes of Colombia and Chile missing out. Peru will play the winners of Australia vs UAE. New Zealand take on the Solomon Islands early tomorrow morning to decide who will represent Oceania in the intercontinental play-off against the fourth-placed CONCACAF side.   DON'T MISS...Tottenham may have Lloris replacement plan that wouldn't cost a pennyMan Utd flop Maguire will want to 'get away' from Old TraffordArsenal star Kieran Tierney may need to apologise to Darwin Nunez Senegal beat Egypt in a controversial play-off penalty shootout, with lasers aimed at the Egyptian players as they took their kicks. It was a repeat of the Africa Cup of Nations final and means Liverpool star Mohamed Salah will not be at the World Cup. Cameroon beat Algeria, meaning there will be no Riyad Mahrez in Qatar. Ghana defeated Nigeria in a close battle that was decided on away goals. Morocco’s 5-2 aggregate thumping of DR Congo was the only game that was not tensely fought, while Tunisia will head to successive World Cups after beating Mali.                    