Former British Ambassador to the US Christopher Meyer has argued President Joe Biden's "failing mental powers" have now become "a great worry" to the USA. It comes after American officials were forced to back peddle on comments Mr Biden made regarding Russia and Vladimir Putin during his recent European tour. Mr Meyer told BBC Scotland: "He may be somebody who can't help himself because of failing waning mental powers that I think is the great worry in the United States of America it's what I see being expressed publicly and as well. I hear from one or two people privately. "So I'm not surprised that he went off-script in Warsaw in the way he had done because you've already done it a couple of times during his European tour, but you've got to be worried. Asked if Mr Biden's remarks could have been part of a deliberate strategy, he answered: "Well, I don't think so because I'm not quite clear where the strategy is supposed to lead." Mr Meyer added: I'm also very struck by how swiftly firstly, the White House and then the US Secretary of State Tony Blinken came in to correct the record.  "It was as if they were expecting the President to do something slightly loony during his tour of Europe, and they were ready to correct it, if necessary, and by God did they move fast." It comes after the US President stated that Putin should be removed from power, sparking concern over possible American actions. Detractors of the president have been calling on his mental state to be assessed but a medical examination carried out in November 2021 by physician Dr Kevin O'Connor MD found Mr Biden "remains a healthy, vigorous, 78-year-old make, who is fit to successfully execute the duties of the Presidency." His stutter, which has affected him since childhood, has also been repeatedly cited as a cause for some of the speech struggles he sometimes exhibits during speeches.  On Tuesday, Mr Biden snapped at a reporter during a press conference when asked to clarify his earlier comments. Mr Biden said: "Nobody believes I was talking about taking down Putin. "Nobody would believe that. Number one. "Number two, what have I been talking about since this all began? The only war that's worse than one intended is one that's unintended. "The last thing I want to do is engage in a land war or nuclear war with Russia that's not part of it. I was expressing my outrage at the behaviour of this man, it's outrageous." In Ukraine, Russia's armoured columns appear to be bogged down, with trouble resupplying and making little or no progress. DON'T MISSAndrew Neil exposes Putin's shame with 100k Russians 'fleeing tyranny' [SPOTLIGHT]Rachel Johnson blasted over claim Putin should 'divide up' Ukraine [NEWS]Putin humiliated as China deal 'won't make up' for EU loss  [INSIGHT]  Russia's military signalled last week it would concentrate on expanding territory held by separatists in eastern Ukraine, but Ukraine said it saw no sign Russia had given up a plan to surround the capital, which was targeted in its February 24 invasion. Ukrainian officials had suggested Russia could be more willing to compromise having seen stiff Ukrainian resistance and heavy Russian losses. But a senior US State Department official said Putin did not give that impression. "Everything I have seen is he is not willing to compromise at this point," the official told Reuters on condition of anonymity after Ukraine's president sketched out a potential way to end the crisis over the weekend. Ukraine and Russia were preparing on Monday for the first face-to-face peace talks in more than two weeks. But a senior US official said Putin did not appear ready to make compromises to end the war.