Princess Alexandra, The Honourable Lady Ogilvy, 85, is the first cousin of Queen Elizabeth, 95. At the time of her birth, she was sixth in the line of succession to the British throne and as of March 2022, she is 57th. Alexandra is the widow of businessman Sir Angus Ogilvy, to whom she was married from 1963 until his death in 2004.  The Honourable Lady Ogilvy got engaged in 1962. Alexandra wears quite a rare engagement ring, however it is remarkably similar to another member of the Royal Family. That Royal Family member is Princess Anne, who has been married twice.  READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it Sapphire engagement rings are a popular choice among the Royal Family. Not only does Kate Middleton famously wear Princess Diana's sapphire ring, but Princess Alexandra also owns a gorgeous blue ring. The Queen's cousin announced her engagement to Sir Angus Ogilvy on November 19, 1962. She was pictured wearing an oval sapphire flanked by two diamonds.  However, it appears to have since been changed to a chunky gold band without the diamonds. Not just any blue stone, Alexandra's ring boasts a giant cabochon sapphire. This is considered one of the oldest gemstone cuts and gives the finish of a smooth, rounded dome that highlights the blue colour. Similarly, Princess Anne's engagement ring from her second husband Sir Timothy Laurence also has a large oval sapphire jewel in a cabochon setting in the centre.  It is comparable to Princess Alexandra’s ring, in that it is flanked by a trio of sparkling gems on either side. While the design is eye-catching, the size is more modest and so it is not ostentatious or overbearing in any way. The Princess Royal wears her precious ring alongside her simplistic gold wedding band, which is believed to be made from Welsh gold as are most royal wedding rings. Interestingly, the Queen's only daughter actually acted as Alexandra's bridesmaid in 1963.  The royal married her husband Sir Angus Ogilvy in a breathtaking ceremony at Westminster Abbey in front of royals such as the Queen, Prince Philip, Prince Charles and Princess Margaret. Photos show a young Princess Anne looking beautiful in her simple bridesmaid's dress which featured cropped sleeves and a bow at the waist, paired with a white headpiece that wrapped around her elegant bun. Meanwhile, Princess Alexandra was a stunning bride in a dress designed by John Cavanagh which featured a high neck and pretty lace, shipped over from France. In one photograph of Anne and Alexandra, the pair were admiring a gold bangle given to the bride as a present. 