Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge has taken on an increasing number of royal duties over recent years and is winning over the public, both in the UK and internationally, with the way she approaches her role. The Duke of Edinburgh passed away in April 2021 and his passing highlighted the greater role Kate has been bestowed within the Royal Family. The Duke's funeral took place in St. George's Chapel at Windsor Castle, with experts suggesting the somber event allowed the Duchess to showcase she is already showcasing signs she will be an outstanding future Queen. Emily Andrews, a royal author, claimed that the image — and Kate's presence throughout the funeral — proved that she was fit to be the future Queen of England. Speaking on Channel 5's royal documentary, Kate: Queen in Waiting, she said: "Here was woman at the top of her game, perfectly turned out. "But also, quite rightly, taking her place as one of the most senior members of the Royal Family." The royal commentator then made reference to a photograph taken of the Duchess in the car on the day of the funeral. Ms Andrews said: "It was one of the photos where you saw Queen Catherine in waiting." READ MORE: William and Kate's huge tour blow as 'others set to follow Jamaica's republican demands' Also speaking in the royal documentary, the royal editor of Daily Mirror Russell Myers makes a reference to the same image. He adds: "There was certainly a lot made of the iconic images that we saw of Kate with the black veil, the black mask and staring intently into the camera" Ms Andrews points out a pair of pearl and diamond earrings that were "permanently lent" to her by Her Majesty. She continues: "Pearls and diamonds are the traditional jewellery you wear for mourning". Tom Quinn, the author of Kensington Palace: An Intimate Memoir said: "She has kind of poise, almost a stillness, and I think all the focus inevitably, without her really trying, was all on her" He added: "She almost looked more regal than the Royal Family". READ MORE: 'I have nothing but respect' Jamaican MP who 'snubbed' Kate says what really happened After the funeral, Kate was commended for offering each member support throughout. When leaving the chapel after the ceremony, Kate walked side-by-side with Prince Harry. At the time of the funeral, relations between the Duke of Sussex and the rest of the family were tense. Prince Harry returned to the UK specifically for the funeral. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle fans rejoice at video of Kate seemingly being snubbed [REVEAL] Royal Family: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan mocked over Oscars claim [SPOTLIGHT] Relations between the Duke of Sussex and the rest of the family were at the time tense after he appeared in a string of broadcast interviews taking aim at the Firm in the weeks before. This included his and Meghan's two-hour televised interview with Oprah. The interview caused major controversy adding to the already high tension between the family. Royal author Tom Quinn has said that Kate was a safe addition to the Royal Family. Mr Quinn said: “Kate has been a perfect [companion] because she’s so calm and stable. “She’s very calm, very rational. And I think that’s why the royal family feels safe”.