According to Rightmove, the average asking price of a home across Britain has hit a new record high this month. Asking prices jumped by £5,760 in March, to reach £354,564, the largest increase at this time of year since March 2004. Prices are on the rise because of buyer demand and there being fewer homes on the market to pick from, meaning it is extremely competitive. This also works in favour of those looking to sell their home, with houses flying off the market. Rightmove said the gap between the number of home buyers and sellers is the biggest they’ve ever measured at this time of year. One reason why now is the best time to sell is because homeowners will likely be able to achieve a record price for their property. Rightmove said: “Average asking prices across Britain have risen by £5,760 this month, with the national average now reaching a record high of £354,564. READ MORE: Gardening: ‘Vital’ tip to help fruit trees flourish this summer “It’s also a hugely competitive market, with many estate agents reporting that homes are receiving multiple offers from buyers, so if you weren’t ready to take advantage of last year’s rush, you now have another chance to get your home on the market while these conditions last.” Sellers may also have several buyers to choose from, with Rightmove reporting that there are more than twice as many buyers as sellers active in the property market. This is the biggest imbalance Rightmove has ever recorded at the start of the spring home selling season. Rightmove added: “You’ve got the highest ever chance of finding a buyer within the first week. DON'T MISS:‘Key tips’ to help houseplants ‘thrive’ this spring [COMMENT]Home renovations to ‘add value’ to your property - ‘massive asset’ [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to clean patio - ‘came up sparkling’ [INSIGHT] “Deals are being done at lightning speed. At the moment, one in five sales are being agreed within the first week of a home being listed on Rightmove. “This is double the figure for the same period in the more normal market of 2019.” What does this mean for those looking to buy a home? The good news is that Rightmove is seeing more and more sellers coming to the market, bringing more choice of properties for sale. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea However, it is likely buyers will still be competing against others as there is no sign of the market slowing down. Rightmove’s property expert, Tim Bannister, said: “Having a buyer for your own property, subject to contract, will put you in a powerful position compared to other buyers who have yet to sell. “Estate agents report that if you put yourself in the position of becoming a power buyer, you’re more likely to get the property that you want, and will be able to negotiate the best deal on price.” According to Rightmove, homes with four bedrooms or more have seen the biggest price growth in March, with a jump of 3.8 percent. This is because they are currently the most sought after homes for buyers as many continue to look for more space. However, it is homes with three bedrooms that are selling the fastest, with over half of them finding a buyer within the first two weeks of being listed for sale. The property expert said Britons can expect the strong market to continue until there is more of a balance between buyer demand and the supply of homes. The expert explained: “All sectors of the market are experiencing very brisk conditions. There are economic factors that seem likely to ease the pressure on the market in the second half of the year. “We’ve just seen interest rates rise again, and there are further incremental increases forecast for the year, which will raise mortgage rates for some. “Our forecast is that the overall number of home sales in 2022 will revert back to pre-pandemic levels, as the market returns to a more even balance. “Currently, the number of sales being agreed by estate agents is 11 percent higher compared to the same period in the more normal market in 2019.”