Prince Charles, 73, may not see his grandchildren for a "long time" amid Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's security fears. The Duke of Cornwall is said to be "desperate" to see Archie and Lilibet, according to the Daily Mirror's Royal Editor Russell Myers. But Harry's legal challenge against the Home Office has stopped him from coming back to the UK. Speaking to Nine News' Today, Mr Myers said: "I know Prince Charles is absolutely desperate to see his grandchildren but as I said Prince Harry has really put himself in a difficult position. "He's saying that it's more a dangerous place than California coming back to London because of this security row. "We'll just have to see, won't we? "If he doesn't sort this business out with the Home Office and the British Government then we might not see him for a long, long time." READ MORE: Royal LIVE: Oscars threatened with boycott over Meghan and Harry It comes as the Duke of Sussex is to miss his grandfather the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service, it has been confirmed. Harry will not return to the UK from the US to join the royal family at the high-profile occasion in Westminster Abbey on March 29, a spokesperson for the duke confirmed. He hopes to visit his grandmother the Queen soon, the spokesperson added. Harry's spokesperson declined to comment on Friday as to the reason for his decision. The duke has pursued a legal challenge against the Home Office after being told he would no longer be given the "same degree" of personal protective security when visiting from the US, despite offering to pay for it himself. He was last in London in the summer of 2021, when it is understood his security was compromised after his car was chased by paparazzi photographers as he left a charity event. The duke wants to bring his son Archie and baby daughter Lilibet to visit from the US, but he and his family are "unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous, a legal representative previously said. The judge in the High Court case, Mr Justice Swift, will give his ruling on February's preliminary proceedings, part of which may be confidential, at a later date. DON'T MISS Prince Harry suffers another PR disaster as Duke snub royal event [INSIGHT]Camilla health update: Duchess suffering from 'long Covid' [ANALYSIS]Queen Elizabeth II: One person monarch allowed to use her name exposed [VIDEO] Philip died just under a year ago in April 2021 at the age of 99. Harry flew back from California, without the Duchess of Sussex who was heavily pregnant at the time, to attend the duke's funeral in St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle. The guest list was trimmed from 800 to only 30 guests amid Covid restrictions, and the Queen sat alone in mourning for her husband of 73 years. The service of thanksgiving for Philip in just over two weeks' time is a chance for family, friends, dignitaries and representatives of the charities and organisations which Philip was associated with to gather together in tribute to him. Harry - one of the Queen and Philip's eight grandchildren - last returned to the UK to unveil the statue of his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales on July 1 with the Duke of Cambridge.