The Duke of Cambridge visited the fourth-largest Commonwealth realm, during which protestors called for him to apologise for the Royal Family's role in the slave trade. While he expressed "sorrow", Prince William didn't personally apologise for the "abhorrent" practice. The Duke and Duchess also met with the country's Prime Minister Andrew Holness, which a senior government official in Jamaica labelled "deeply embarrassing". Good Morning Britain correspondent Noel Phillips explored the response to the Duke's statement. He explained: "If you're measuring the reaction from those who have been protesting against this visit, and I think it's fair to say they are incredibly disappointed that they did not hear the words 'I am sorry'. "But let's not forget this really was a significant and consequential moment for the duke, his grandmother had sent him to this island on a tour described as a charm offensive, I think it's fair to say that charm has been ineffective so far." It comes as the Jamaican government makes preparations to remove the Queen as head of state. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role In his speech, Prince William stated: "I strongly agree with my father, the Prince of Wales, who said in Barbados last year 'the appalling atrocities they bring forever stains our history'. "I want to express my profound sorrow, slavery was abhorrent and it should never have happened." Many believed the speech did not go far enough to acknowledge the Royal Family's role in the slave trade. After listening to the Prince's words, Omar Ryan later said: "That's a statement of regret that it shouldn't have happened, but he is not admitting to their role in the enslavement of African Caribbean people." The moment was a significant one as Jamaica begins to question its future with the monarchy. Speaking to William and the Duchess of Cambridge prior to the speech, the Prime Minister of the country said: "Jamaica is a country that is very proud of what we have achieved. "We are moving on and we intend to attain, in short order, our development goals and fulfil our true ambitions and destiny as an independent, developed, prosperous country." Jamaican government officials deemed the interaction "deeply embarrassing" for the Prince as the desire to break away from the monarchy was expressed. DON'T MISS... Louise Minchin took BBC bosses by 'surprise' with exit [INTERVIEW]Phil Spencer unveils future of Location, Location, Location [EXCLUSIVE]The Apprentice candidate details 'absolutely savage' interview [LATEST] During the speech, the Duke also talked about Russia's invasion of Ukraine and thanked Jamaica for condemning the war. Commenting on another controversial matter, he also thanked the Windrush generation. He remarked: "We are forever grateful for the immense contribution that this generation and their descendants have made to British life, which continues to enrich and improve our society." The tour of the Caribbean was set up to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Paying tribute to the monarch, Prince William also commented: "It is no secret that the Queen has a deep affection for Jamaica, forged on her very first visit here with my grandfather, the Duke of Edinburgh, in 1953. "And likewise I have been touched to hear today from Jamaicans, young and old, about their affection for the Queen. "Her dedication, commitment, and sense of duty to the Commonwealth family is deeply admired. "She may be my actual grandmother, but every one counts her as their grandmother too. And I'm ok with that." While the Queen remains Head of State in Jamaica, the country's Prime Minister Andrew Holness has expressed the need for her removal of that role. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.