British Gas has highlighted the appliances that can add as much as £290 a year to a family’s energy bill even when they are switched off. The company even calls them “vampire” appliances because of the way they suck power from the mains even when they are turned off. British households are being warned about five “vampire” appliances that can add hundreds to their bill. As living costs continue to rise, it is worth shining a light on appliances that can make an energy bill even more expensive than it already is. These every-day appliances may be switched off, but could still be the reason why a household’s energy bill is so expensive. According to British Gas, up to 23 percent of British homes’ energy use could power vampire appliances. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry would 'probably' replace Kate and William on tour That is equal to £293 of the average bill capped at £1,277 a year. Regulator Ofgem is the company responsible for the energy cap. But that cap is rising from £1,277 to £1,971 on April 1 – a huge step that could be detrimental to many families’ quality of life. Energy expert Rob Bohm explained that these “vampire” devices can add up to billions of pounds in wasted power every year. DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton's nanny never uses one word around George and Charlotte [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton stuns in white £2,000 Alexander McQueen suit in Jamaica [PICTURES]Royal tour schedule: What awaits Kate and William in Jamaica [EXPLAINER] He said: “They’re electrical appliances, chargers, and lights all over your home, devices that suck power from the mains – constantly – even when you think they’re switched off.” The five appliances guilty of sucking power from the mains are a Hi-Fi system of standby, a Sky box on standby, a laptop charger not in use, a TV on standby, and a printer on standby. Both a Hi-Fi system and Sky box not in use costs a household £73 a year – each. Meanwhile, a laptop charger not in use costs £60 a year. Both a TV and printer on standby costs £10 a year each. Therefore, Rob recommended ensuring that a TV is switched off at the wall – not in standby mode. A TV uses a small amount of power to make it quicker to turn on. Although this is convenient, it costs a considerable amount of money. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The same thing applies to dishwashers, washing machines, gaming consoles, and computers. This is worth baring in mind when energy bills reach new highs from next month. From April 1, the new Ofgem energy cap will allow suppliers to charge up to 54 percent more for their tariffs, though each company is allowed to offer variable rates. This means the energy price cap rise could see the typical UK household pay £693 more per year.