Mr Stewart said Remainer claims Brexit was a cause behind Russia invading Ukraine are "tedious". He tweeted on Monday: "The capacity of some folk to weave #Covid & #Brexit into every situation, crisis, question and challenge we face must be so exhausting for them. It is certainly tedious for the rest of us."  The former ITV News presenter's remarks sparked Remainer fury with author Emma Kennedy tweeting: “Yes, how tedious to connect two things currently having real life consequences to actual events” . Another Twitter user wrote: "Covid and Brexit impact EVERY situation/crisis/challenge we face ... they impact every part of normal life! Can you not see that? "Are you closing your eyes to the huge changes they have made to the way we live?" Another chimed in: "Tedious because it means admitting that #brexit was a dreadful strategic mistake that MUST and WILL be reversed."  A third Twitter user claimed: "Brexit was Putin's foreign policy. Admit that and you are close to understanding the overall position much better. What do you make of Ukraine's primary desire to join the EU?" The fury comes after Marcus Chown told his 50,000 Twitter followers: "Unfortunately, a vote for Brexit was a vote for Putin to invade Ukraine because it weakened the Western alliance and emboldened Putin. "Putin’s people engineered this by bankrolling the Conservative Party and the Brexit campaign, which is why Johnson has hidden the Russia Report."  READ MORE ABOUT PUTIN'S WAR BACKFIRING Keele University School of Law lecturer John Cotter tweeted: "Look, I really didn’t want to bring Brexit into this and I have refrained from doing so until now, but the allegedly ponderous and indecisive EU is now unifying and acting, while UK ministers are not even in the room. Instead they are inviting Ukrainians to pick fruit." To which Twitter user Christopher Snowdon shot back: "Apart from all the weapons we’ve been sending them for weeks? You forgot to mention that for some reason." Times columnist Iain Martin added: "For two months UK and US officials, ministers etc went round EU and capitals showing what was about to happen. Literally in the room. EU didn't believe it. UK and US intelligence was right. EU moved after invasion. Great. But after two months of getting it completely wrong." A United Nations human rights monitoring team confirmed 376 civilian casualties in Ukraine including 94 deaths on Monday after three days of clashes.  DON'T MISS: 'Money is worthless everyone is panicking' – Nightmare grips Russia [LATEST] Prince George’s rumoured new school [REVEALED] Prince William's friends didn't approve of Kate: ‘Social divide' [REPORT] Ukrainian officials reported that a Russian bombardment of Kharkiv, the country's second largest city, killed dozens of civilians. However, some Remainers continue to blame the crisis on Brexit. In a speech in Warsaw, Prime Minister Boris Johnson made clear where responsibility lay, saying Russian President Vladimir Putin had made a "colossal mistake" by invading Ukraine. He added: "He has hurled his war machine on the people of Ukraine, a fellow Slavic country. He has bombarded civilian targets, fired rockets at blocks of flats. He is responsible for hundreds of civilian casualties including growing numbers of children. "And also, of course, for the deaths of many Russian and Ukrainian soldiers. We must accept the grim reality that Putin will continue to tighten the vice and, if you go by the size and firepower of Vladimir Putin's war machine, the odds have always been heavily against Ukrainian armed forces."  A Downing Street spokesperson confirmed on Monday that Mr Johnson told Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky the UK will provide more military support to the former soviet republic in the coming days. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, updating the Commons on UK support, said on Monday: "The UK was the first European nation to send defensive weapons to the country. Those weapons are being used today to halt Russian tanks and defend Ukrainian towns and cities." She confirmed the latest consignment of defensive equipment left RAF Brize Norton last weekend. The UK has also pledged to guarantee up to £370 million ($500m) in loans to support Ukraine and mitigate the economic effects of Russia's invasion. Ms Truss also announced plans for more legislation to sanction Russian-occupied territories in the Donbas region of east Ukraine; extending more sanctions to Belarus and the limiting of Russian deposits in UK banks. Her statement concluded: "So I say to our Ukrainian friends: we are with you. In Britain – and around the world – we’re prepared to suffer economic sacrifices to support you. "However long it takes, we will not rest until Ukraine’s sovereignty is restored." 