Confidence in the Russian economy is collapsing as the ruble plummeted in value following sanctions placed on Russia's central bank and numerous commercial banks and financial services firms. Although stabilising slightly on Tuesday morning the ruble remains significantly down against other major currencies after plummeting as much as 30 percent on Monday.Under the sanctions imposed by countries such as the UK, US and Canada, Russia has become economically isolated with access cut to its foreign currency reserves and an expulsion from international financial transaction system Swift paralysing its banking system. In normal circumstances the Bank of Russia would be using its foreign currency reserves to buy up rubles to help maintain the price but with access to trading these cut, its powers to prevent the decline of the currency are severely limited. So far the central bank has been scrambling to contain the situation in a couple of ways. The stock exchange was closed yesterday with currency trading resuming today but share trading still on hold due to fears of a big sell-off in Russian firms. On Monday the Bank of Russia raised key interest rates by more than double to 20 percent in a bid to encourage people to leave their money in accounts. Companies dealing in foreign currencies have also been obliged to sell 80 percent of their export revenue to help maintain the supply of foreign currency in Russia. The bank's governor Elvira Nabiullina described Russia's financial system as facing "a totally abnormal situation", adding "the banking sector is now experiencing a structural liquidity deficit." Writing on Twitter, former Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Kasyanov said: "There is nothing more to support the ruble. "Turn on the printing press. "Hyperinflation and economic catastrophe are just around the corner." As the outlook worsens queues have been forming at cash machines and foreign exchanges as people look to withdraw rubles or convert them into safer forms such as dollars. Speaking to the Financial Times, Alexei, an IT specialist queuing for several hours to exchange money, said: "I recall in the 1990s prices were set in dollars, even if it was illegal. "The rouble was worthless. "And I worry this is what we will see again." One St Petersburg resident said: ”Since Thursday, everyone has been running from ATM to ATM to get cash. "Some are lucky, others not so much."  DON'T MISS: Russia stock exchange closed over sell-off fears [SPOTLIGHT] Putin runs out of lifelines as China likely to turn back on Russia [INSIGHT] Russian central bank resumes buying gold [ANALYSIS] Worries over the banking sector are not just confined to Russia though with the European Central Bank (ECB) warning the European arm of Russia's largest lender Sberbank could face collapse. According to the ECB, Sberbank Europe has experienced "significant deposit outflows" leaving it "failing or likely to fail". As well as at banks, queues have also been forming at Moscow Metro stations in a further sign of the impact of financial isolation. Passengers have been left unable to pay fares using Apple Pay, Google Pay or Samsung Pay meaning a return to paying at the ticket office for many.