Tributes have poured in for Australian cricket great Shane Warne, after it was announced the spin bowler had died of a suspected heart attack at just 52 on Friday. Warne enjoyed a remarkable 15-year career with Australia, amassing an impressive 708 Test wickets, the most of any Australian and the second-most of all time behind Sri Lanka’s Muttiah Muralitharan. In a statement from Warne’s management team it was confirmed that the 52-year-old had passed away in his villa in Thailand, after being found unresponsive. The statement read: “Shane was found unresponsive in his villa and despite the best efforts of medical staff, he could not be revived. “The family requests privacy at this time and will provide further details in due course.” In the wake of his death a number of the world’s top sports stars have flooded in to pay tribute to one of the greatest cricketers to play the game. England football legend Gary Lineker took to Twitter to pay his tribute, revealing he was ‘shocked and saddened’. The former Tottenham and Barcelona man wrote: “Terribly saddened and shocked to hear the news that Shane Warne has died. “The greatest spin bowler of all time. Can’t quite believe it. RIP Shane.” Another ex-England footballer in Jamie Carragher also took to social media to pay his own tribute, posting: “RIP Shane Warne, the best bowler I’ve ever seen.” Unsurprisingly the Australian was recognised by a number of his fellow cricket greats, with the likes of Viv Richards and Waqar Younis paying their touching tributes. West Indian legend Richards tweeted: “Unbelievable. I am shocked to the core. This can't be true… “Rest In Peace, @ShaneWarne. There are no words to describe what I feel right now. A huge loss for cricket.” These sentiments were echoed by former Pakistan star Younis, who wrote: “Shane Warne no more.. “I’m Shocked and Shattered. Simply can't believe I’m hearing this. Very very sad day for our cricket  community. “The biggest superstar of my generation gone.Goodbye Legend @ShaneWarne #RIP Condolences to the family and friends.” One of Warne’s old Ashes rivals Ian Bell was another of the game’s big names to salute Warne via a post on social media, as he tweeted: “There are no words. A hero growing up and the greatest player I ever played against. I can’t believe it. My thoughts are with his loved ones.”  Tributes have also been heard from some of cricket’s modern greats, including England star Ben Stokes who uploaded a touching post to Instagram, describing Warne as a ‘legend’. Stokes wrote: “Australian Legend @rajasthanroyals Legend. Was an honour to know you and work with youThis man is a LEGEND #theking” Stokes’ England teammate Liam Livingstone also paid an emotional and touching tribute to the spin bowler, describing Warne as the ‘reason’ he now wears 23, the day the Lancastrian was given his shirt number for the 2022 season. Livingstone tweeted: “The day I get my kit, with my new squad number… all came from one man, my idol growing up, the reason I bowl leg spin and the reason I now wear 23. “Sad day for the world of cricket!! RIP @ShaneWarne a true cricketing legend!”