Top Boy returned to Netflix for a second outing after the gang drama found a new home on the streaming platform. The highly-anticipated TV series featured some shocking moments, including some major deaths. Fans are keen to know why Sully (played by Kano) killed Jamie (Michael Ward) in the latest season. The final moments of Top Boy lefts fans on the edge of their seats and they were left open-mouthed following one particular death. Sully ended up murdering Jamie following a row with Dushane Hill (Ashley Walters). Dushane and Sully had attempted to settle their differences, resulting in Sully wanting to end the feud. He ended up shooting Jamie twice over a lack of trust, and he felt threatened. Jamie had attempted to kill Sully a number of times over the course of the series. READ MORE: What did Lauryn do to Sully in Top Boy? There was also an ongoing feud between Jamie and Dushane, and Jamie was forced to prove his loyalty. Dushane gained some respect for Jamie and even considered giving him an important role in the gang. But Sully had his own ideas as he knew of Jamie's deal with Juan El Bueno. Fans were left wondering why Sully pulled the trigger as there was no dialogue between the pair before Jamie's death. He had become more violent following an ongoing battle with PTSD, after the death of Jason (Ricky Smarts). Sully was angry at Dushane's decision to keep Jamie in his drug operation. But the former may have not killed Jamie on a whim, as was suggested. Jamie's death may have been planned as Sully grew more suspicious of Jamie by the day. Sully suspected Jamie was on a mission to become the Top Boy in the gang. He may have believed Jamie was out to overthrow Dushane somewhere down the line. DON'T MISS... Top Boy: Will Stefan murder Sully in revenge for Jamie's death? [INSIGHT] Top Boy’s Sully star Kane Robinson speaks out on season 2 finale [INTERVIEW] Top Boy: What happened to Jamie, Stef and Aaron’s parents? [EXPLAINER] Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the shocking death. Shaka Zulu said: "Why Sully kill Jamie thou...?? Damn they just killed my interest in Top boy #TopBoy." [Sic] @donewithease added: "#TopBoy Sully didn’t have to do Jamie like that was trying to see the new dynamic that would of been Jamie & Jaq." [Sic] CpfcRyan asked: "WHY DID SULLY DO THAT JUST AS I WAS COMING ROUND LIKING JAMIE #TopBoy #TopBoyNetflix." [Sic]  @AOTPFOLABI commented: "There was such a happy feel in the last episode, until sully let it off on Jamie #TopBoy." [Sic] Jamie actor Ward is on Instagram but he has not opened up about his character's ending. While some fans are wondering whether Jamie is really dead, it is most definitely the case. His gunshot wounds are sadly something he will not be recovering from.  Top Boy is streaming on Netflix now. Season 3 is yet to be confirmed.