It comes as Russian attacks continue to destroy buildings and airfields across the country, with thousands of civilians trapped in their own homes amid the fighting. Russia said it would today (Friday) declare another ceasefire to allow humanitarian rescue efforts. However, previous ceasefires have been short-lived.Meanwhile, the G7 nations are looking to implement further sanctions on the Russian economy as fighting enters its third week. On Sunday, Ukraine had warned of a growing Russian force encircling Dnipro – which is home to around one million people. There were also reports of explosions at two airfields in Lutsk and Ivano-Frankivsk, both in western Ukraine. The Kyiv Independent, quoting a local state administrator, said four explosions had been heard at the city’s airfield. READ MORE: Putin 'downfall' near after 'gross miscalculations' Russian news agencies reported that, according to defence ministry spokesperson Igor Konashenkov, Russian forces “incapacitated” the airfields with “long-range, high-precision weapons” in the early hours of this morning. He also claimed that Russia had destroyed 107 Ukrainian military facilities in the past 24 hours. Maj Gen Konashenkov claimed that since the start of the military incursion, 3,213 Ukrainian military facilities had been “disabled”, along with 98 aircraft and over 1,000 tanks and combat vehicles. Russian media are also claiming that around 222,000 people have been evacuated to Russia from Ukraine. However, hundreds of thousands of civilians remain trapped in Ukrainian cities, which are suffering from heavy Russian air bombardment. In the port city of Mariupol, authorities say Russia dropped bombs on the city again yesterday, a day after hitting a maternity hospital in a “depraved” offensive. The attack left three dead, including a six-year-old child, and a further 17 injured, deputy mayor Sergei Orlov said. It has also renewed calls for Vladimir Putin to be tried for war crimes, with Prime Minister Boris Johnson stating: “We will hold Putin to account for his terrible crimes.” DON'T MISSUK's list of 'probable nuclear targets' unearthed [REVEAL]Huge fire near hospital in Uxbridge [REPORT]Ukraine city readies thousands of Molotovs - braces for Russian attack [INSIGHT] The US ambassador to the UN, Linda Thomas-Greenfield, said America was working with the international community to document the crimes Russia was committing against Ukrainians. She told the BBC: “They constitute war crimes; there are attacks on civilians that cannot be justified by any – in any way whatsoever.” However, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov claimed the maternity hospital had been used by Ukrainian military radicals. He added: “It is not the first time we see pathetic outcries concerning the so-called atrocities perpetrated by the Russian military.” Russia’s defence ministry said it would declare a ceasefire on Friday and open humanitarian corridors from Mariupol as well as Kyiv, Sumy, Kharkiv, and Chernihiv. Previous ceasefires have been short-lived and its humanitarian corridors were criticised by Ukraine for leading directly to Russia and Belarus. And satellite imagery suggests a Russian military column threatening Kyiv had dispersed to new positions, possibly in preparation for a fresh assault on the capital. The US and its allies are now looking to revoke Russia’s “most favoured nation” status in the latest round of sanctions aiming at shutting down the country’s economy. Stripping Russia of the title paves the way for tariffs to be imposed on Russian goods.