Ferrari driver Carlos Sainz has claimed that he will not be disappointed if he is unable to challenge Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen for this year's Drivers' Championship title. The Spaniard has been widely tipped as one of this year's dark horses as a result of Ferrari's impressive form in pre-season testing and Friday's practice sessions ahead of the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday. The historic Italian team have been near the top of the timing sheets at the end of almost every session and will be looking to follow up by making the perfect start to the new campaign when the five red lights go out in two days' time. They appear to be up there as one of the quickest teams on the grid alongside Red Bull and look set to be in with a shout of Constructors' Championship glory if they can maintain their upward trajectory over the coming months.However, Sainz has insisted that he will not be losing any sleep if Ferrari are unable to mount a sustained challenge in spite of their promising early form. The 27-year-old told Sky Sports that although he is hoping to be at the right end of the standings over the course of this year, he will not be too disheartened if he fails to keep the pressure on for the duration of the entire campaign."It wouldn't be a disappointment," explained Sainz. "We obviously want to be in the fight and our team boss has said many times that we want to be back fighting, whether you win it or not. JUST IN: Lando Norris sets sights on George Russell duel: 'Bored of podiums' "In the end it's competition, but we want to be back fighting and that's the target for this year. I think we have a good point of understanding. We had a very good pre-season testing with zero reliability issues that allowed us to understand the car and move forward."There are a couple of places that we know we need to improve compared to other teams and we are working on them. That's a good direction, now it's time to see how much every team has been hiding." It seems as though Ferrari and Red Bull will be ahead of Mercedes in terms of outright performance when the competitive action gets underway in Saturday's qualifying session. The German outfit were some way off the pace at the end of FP1 and FP2 on Friday and will be desperate to put things right as a matter of urgency over the coming weeks and months.Mercedes have seemingly been unable to get to grips with 'porpoising', which is a by-product of the ground effect that generates a significant percentage of downforce on the new 2022 cars. However, Sainz has already underlined his belief that the Silver Arrows have been hiding their true pace in a clever attempt to deceive their rivals ahead of the Bahrain Grand Prix."[They] just hype up the others and then come to the first race and blow the competition away, which is typical," he told reporters earlier this month. "If it had been the first year they’ve done it then I would maybe believe them, but they’ve done it for five six years now and they keep [performing] in the first race."