As the world watched Ukraine defend itself from Russian forces, the home of Rend and Michael Platings got a makeover. The couple, who had recently been to Kyiv to pursue fertility treatment, feel a special connection to the country and so, to show "they stand" with its people during the conflict, decided the gesture was "a simple thing they can do" to amplify their view in the neighbourhood. Ms Platings, from Iraq, said the horrors of war are not new to her. A mother to an eight-year-old girl, she claimed: "My brothers were conscripts in the Iran-Iraq war, that was not their choice and there was a long time we were separated and I didn't know if they were alive or dead. It was very worrying. "Most problems seem very trivial at the moment, most things are not really that bad when you sit and analyse them. "But war is one of those things, from my experience, that the more you sit and analyse it, the more horrendous it is. "That experience has made my heart bleed for the people in Ukraine right now who are facing this assault in their home." READ MORE: How Russia-Ukraine war could have been avoided Her husband, a software engineer, said: "We've got friends in Ukraine, they're really lovely people, very brave people, and it's a very small thing we've done. "We just wanted to express our support for them and let them know we're not forgetting about them, and they've expressed their appreciation." With the help of a neighbour, Mr Platings worked on the new look for their semi-detached home while Ms Platings, a charity founder, was at a rally. The couple, who wanted to give the woman's daughter a sibling, travelled to Ukraine for fertility treatment after the coronavirus pandemic made it difficult to access IVF in the UK. While most neighbours have been supportive of the splash of colour in the area, the pair have received mixed responses. Ms Platings said: "Most people get it, they get why the house is suddenly blue and yellow, but some people, particularly older people, say 'that's nice and bright!' "We've had people beep their horns and lots of people stop and take pictures." Their goal, in part, was to encourage others to find ways to show solidarity with the Ukrainian people, too. DON'T MISSUkraine-Russia conflict: British consumers pay a high price [EXPLAINER]Sanctions? How the West is funding war through gas sales [INSIGHT]Sadiq Khan: London 'well-prepared' if Russia launches nuclear attack [REPORT] Ms Platings said: "You can't necessarily paint your house blue and yellow, it's not practical, but just having a Ukrainian flag on your window and showing some support that way can make a big difference. "It shows a degree of public concern and support, how it's not just Ukrainians but the whole nation wants to help Ukraine as much as we can. "I know I'm not alone and there are lots of people who don't know what to do, and this is a simple thing they can do to show they stand with Ukraine." Over the weekend, thousands of people gathered in cities across the UK to express solidarity for Ukraine and protest against the Russian invasion. London, Newcastle, Brighton, Exeter, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Nottingham, Cambridge, Oxford, Norwich and the Mumbles, near Swansea, were all filled with the colours of Ukraine. Protesters — at times anxious, at times emotional — voiced their anger at Vladimir Putin. With placards in hand, they chanted "Stop Putin, stop the war" as well as "Shelter our sky", in reference to calls for a no-fly zone to be imposed by NATO forces over Ukraine. These were rejected by the UK's defence secretary, Ben Wallace, on Monday as he warned this would start a continent-wide conflict with a nuclear-armed power. In a widespread outcry from across the world, people in countries including Germany, France, the Netherlands, Switzerland, Czech Republic and Spain also took the streets in support of war-torn Eastern Europe. London, Newcastle, Brighton, Exeter, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Nottingham, Cambridge, Oxford, Norwich and the Mumbles, near Swansea, were all filled with the colours of Ukraine.