The Duchess of Cornwall looked incredible today in her usual forest green dress with black decorative stripes. The royal wore a matching green hat, along with a black pair of tights and low black kitten heels. Camilla also chose a silver brooch suitable for the occasion.   According to Clarence House, the silver Bugle Horn is used as the cap badge of The Rifles and is worn by every Rifleman today. Considered to be the ideal replacement for the drum, the bugle horn was adopted by Light Infantry and later Rifle Regiments from the early 1800s to pass orders across the battlefield. The silver brooch was commissioned by The Rifles and was previously presented to Camilla by General Sir Patrick Sanders, Colonel Commandant of The Rifles. Speaking about the brooch, Nicole Ciccanti a Gemologist at Prestige Pawnbrokers of Channel 4’s Posh Pawn, told Express.co.uk: “Camilla wore the silver Bugle Horn brooch of The Rifles during the Armistice Day, commemorative event. READ MORE: Aldi’s sell-out log burner with over 800 five star reviews is back  “She also worn the brooch for to Prince Philip’s funeral. “She was gifted the brooch after Prince Philip transferred the historic military title of colonel in chief of the infantry regiment The Rifles to her in July. “The brooch represents the heritage of the regiment. In fact, every rifleman wears a silver bugle as their cap badge,” she reiterated. “It is considered to be the ideal replacement for the drum, the bugle horn was adopted by Light Infantry and later Rifle Regiments from the early 1800s to pass orders across the battlefield.”  In terms of its design: “The brooch depicts the crown symbol at the top followed by the bugle horn. “Characterised by three green stones, probably emeralds and diamonds in pave setting diamond all over it. “The emerald’s estimate total weight is 0.60ct while the diamonds estimate total weight is three to four carats,” she added. Nicole estimates the value of the brooch to be around £40,000.  The Duchess of Cornwall was by her husband Prince Charles' side on Tuesday as they attended the memorial service for the Queen's late husband, Prince Philip, who sadly passed away in April 2021. The special Thanksgiving service was held at Westminster Abbey in London paid tribute to the life of the Duke of Edinburgh. Camilla looked stunning wearing an emerald green coat dress. She paired the look with a black hat featuring a green feather, black tights and a black clutch bag.