Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge conducted her first solo abroad visit since 2016 when she embarked on a two-day fact-finding mission to Denmark in February. Royal commentator Robert Jobson noted the Duchess appeared to be much "more relaxed" alone compared to her "double-checking" whether she is doing "the right thing" when out with Prince William. Speaking to True Royalty's The Royal Beat, Mr Jobson said: "Kate seemed more relaxed without William, who can be a bit fussy when he’s on royal jobs. "The fact that she went down that slide, I’m not sure she necessarily would have done that if he was there. "She was on good form, all smiles, very confident. Probably more confident than when she’s alongside William. "She spoke very well. I thought she really came out of herself when she was there... "She didn’t have to refer to William. When you see them together, she’s always double-checking whether it’s the right thing to do, even now.” READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG During her stay in Copenhagen, Kate was seen having a laugh as she slid down a slide at the Lego Foundation Play Lab. The Duchess of Cambridge nearly had a tumble as she shot out of the slide at considerable speed, leaving her and her hosts giggling. Kate appeared in her element as she met with children to learn about how Denmark uses its thriving forests to educate younger generations and boost their wellbeing. The Stenurton Forest School the Duchess visited has an area open to children aged up to six that allowed them to get out of the classroom and spend time outdoors. READ MORE: Prince William wins hearts of fans after rare but sweet personal comment about Kate Kate has been a vocal advocate for years of the benefits spending time outside of the house and immersed in nature can have on the physical and mental wellbeing of children. The royal spent time with the children to see how they are being taught to familiarise themselves with nature and urged them to spend time outdoors. Body language expert Judy James told Express.co.uk in January Kate seemed to have grown significantly more confident when on outings, whether she is with Prince William or not. DON'T MISS Kate to become most prominent member of Firm but will cause 'strain' [INSIGHT]Do YOU think Meghan Harry and should be allowed to change their minds? [ANALYSIS]'Changing of the guard!' Prince Charles stepping into Queen's role [INSIGHT] Ms James said: "The young woman who sashayed down a catwalk in a see-through dress and was often seen partying with her Prince with all the typical enthusiasm of a student at uni, was replaced by a woman with a pitch-perfect, storm-proof smile. “[She] now manages to shine like a Hollywood star but without ever upstaging her husband or making the other royals appear dour and out-of-date. “Kate’s current body language shows how much she has grown in both confidence and charisma but without once compromising William’s obvious desire to avoid rabid interest or to provide any soap-opera-style narrative." The Duchess of Cambridge has significantly stepped up to the plate in recent years, taking on an increasing number of roles and charities to help the Queen as she was advised to relax the burden she has been carrying for over 70 years.