American singer-songwriter Adam Lambert, 40, is one of the judges on ITV talent show Starstruck on Saturday night. The show, which debuted in February, sees musical superfans transform into their heroes before performing their biggest hits. Joining Adam and host Olly Murs will be Sheridan Smith, Jason Manford and Beverley Knight. It is based on the same concept behind iconic classic celebrity impersonation show ‘Stars In Their Eyes’, but sees members of the public impersonating their icons in a bid to win £50,000 in the Grand Finale. Adam, known for his dynamic vocal performances, has collaborated with rock band Queen as lead vocalist for Queen + Adam Lambert since 2011. Like the band’s previous project Queen + Paul Rodgers, it was made clear that Adam would not replace the legendary Freddie Mercury, but rather he would feature with the band’s active members. Brian May opened up on the relationship he and the band have with Adam, who he labelled a “different kettle of fish” to Paul. READ MORE:The Repair Shop’s Dominic Chinea addresses 'pressure' behind scenes Speaking to Guitar World in 2019, he said: “We had a fantastic time with Paul. He has his own style, which we integrated into the band. “But what happened was, there was a meeting point where we wanted to go deeply into his music — we were influenced by it in the first place.” Brian recalled the “joy” of playing ‘All Right Now’ and ‘Can’t Get Enough’ by Free and Bad Company respectively, both bands which Paul had once fronted. However, as they toured across the world, the demand for Queen songs became clearer than ever. Brian said: “Paul dealt with it well, but I think it was hard for him to abandon a lot of his material. “We really enjoyed it as an experiment, but as an experiment it had… limits. “Eventually, we thought, ‘It’s probably gone as far as it can. Paul needs to get back to his own career.’ “Because he couldn’t just go on being the frontman of Queen.” DON'T MISS:Buster Keaton 'startled' Charlie Chaplin with communism quip [INSIGHT]Roger Taylor on which country still 'feels most like Queen early days' [QUOTES]Queen's Brian May admits 'underlying' concern for Adam Lambert project [REVEALED] Queen + Paul Rodgers came to an end in 2009 after five years together, and Adam stepped in two years later after Brian and Roger Taylor appeared as guests on American Idol when Adam was a contestant. They embarked on a mini-tour in 2012 and continue to tour to this day. Brian said it is a “different story” with Adam working with the band. He said: “Now, with Adam, it’s a different story, because Adam can do all the stuff that Freddie did and more. “He can do ‘Good Old-Fashioned Lover Boy’ which we wouldn’t dream of throwing at Paul Rodgers, because it just wouldn’t work. “With Adam, it’s a different kettle of fish. He’s a born exhibitionist. “He’s not Freddie, and he’s not pretending to be him, but he has a parallel set of equipment. "He knows how to deal with an audience. He teases and taunts an audience quite naturally, without thinking about it.” Brian added that Adam is a “born rock star and frontman”, and the band treat him “exactly the same as we treated Freddie in almost every way”. Both Brian and Roger, the original Queen bandmates, have previously admitted that there is a possibility of the group recording original material, but plans for a new song were scrapped last year when Brian “lost interest”. Alongside his collaboration with Queen, Adam continues to release his own music, including the 2020 album ‘Velvet’ and 2015 album ‘The Original High’ which peaked at number eight in the UK album charts. Starstruck airs on ITV tonight at 8:30pm.