Expert teams from 30 Commando Information Exploitation Group will train in Norway in freezing conditions in the largest exercise in the country for 30 years. Troops from 28 nations will take part in the manoeuvres designed to send a message to Russia as to how a united force would defend Europe’s Northern front if required.  A total of 900 Royal Marines will head the UK delegation to the mission as part of an amphibious task force led by HMS Albion. Other major British Navy assets will also take part in the exercise named “Cold Response”. Aircraft carrier HMS Prince of Wales will deploy to the exercise, with frigate HMS Richmond, Type 45 destroyer HMS Defender, a Royal Fleet Auxiliary tanker and a nuclear-powered attack submarine escorting. According to information from the Royal Navy, air support will also be involved in the operation.  Three troop-carrying Merlins and four Wildcats (three battlefield variants, one maritime model more used to operating from frigates and destroyers) are supporting hundreds of Royal Marines on the ground for two months of training deep inside the Arctic Circle. A wide range of aircraft from across NATO, including F-35 fighter jets and attack helicopters will also be involved.  READ MORE:Putin gives off 'weak' energy with major ‘tantrum’ Brigadier Rich Cantrill, in charge of the UK’s commando forces, said: “The UK is making a strong contribution to one of the largest Cold Response exercises for years. “NATO as an alliance needs to be ready for anything, ready for all environments. “It’s essential for us to support Norwegian partners and that’s why we train in the Arctic so often. “Cold Response is an amazing opportunity for key NATO allies and partners to come together in the most challenging environment of the High North, prepare for any eventuality and learn to work together. “What we’ll see is a strong maritime task force and then land exercises. “We will see many nations come together from the UK to Norway, the USA, the Netherlands, France, Germany and Italy.”  DON'T MISS:Huge convoys of Putin's tanks reduced to rubble [REPORT]Russia cuts off water supplies as horror plans laid bare [INSIGHT]Nike joins Apple in closing online sales in Russia [REVEAL] The exercises – which run from March 10 to April 10 – will see allied forces, including from NATO partner nations Sweden and Finland, take control of the waters off Norway’s coastline in a training scenario designed to enhance the alliance’s ability to protect the host nation. Air operations will commence soon after before the final phase will see amphibious landings and land operations. This is when the UK’s commandos will come into their own, raiding positions along the coast to pave the way for larger amphibious forces. With the ongoing crisis in Ukraine having a global impact, Britain has already deployed assets to Eastern Europe and provided equipment to Ukraine. However, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace has once again ruled out a no-fly zone over Ukraine, saying it would be counterproductive. He said it would “lead to a war against Russia across the whole of Europe”. He also said it would stop Ukrainian pilots from being able to target Russia from the air, giving an advantage to Moscow, which has stronger ground troops and tanks.  Mr Wallace added: “If you had a no-fly zone in Ukraine, the overwhelming scale of the Russian army would be able to drive around with impunity, which it can’t at the moment.” With a convoy stretching over 40 miles heading towards Kyiv, the defence secretary delivered a crushing blow to Putin. He said: “The Russians are considerably behind their schedule, by days not hours, and that leads to stresses on their logistical supply chains. “That’s why you have seen some of these columns fairly grind to a halt. “They have also been surprised by the strength of the Ukrainian resistance.” He continued: “None of the major cities have been taken control of. “Huge amounts of low morale in the Russian forces, we’ve seen lots of surrenders. “But that doesn’t take away from the fact you have a very ruthless Russian armed forces leadership and a President who seems to know no limit to how much violence they will use to achieve their aims.” 