Both employees and the self-employed could fight back through salary sacrifice. There is no tax or NI on salary taken as pension contributions rather than income. Nimesh Patel, tax partner at Grunberg & Co, says: "You can make pension contributions up to the annual allowance of £40,000, entirely free of NI." Alternatively, you could cut your headline salary by taking other companyfunded benefits instead, such as workplace nurseries, cycle-to-work schemes, ultra-low emission vehicles and the cost of pension advice. However, salary sacrifice means you will get less pay, which could be hard right now. Also, a salary cut may affect the value of pay-linked benefits such as life cover and maternity pay and reduce the size of the mortgage you can apply for. Shareholders of owner-managed businesses could reduce their NI exposure by shifting how they receive their income from a salary to dividends paid out of profits. Another way is by making pension contributions, which attract valuable tax relief. Kevin Sefton, of personal tax app Untied, says: "You get a 20 per cent top-up on anything you pay into a pension. So if you pay £80, £100 goes into your pension. "If you pay tax at 40 or 45 per cent, you should be entitled to claim further tax relief on your contributions." Higher and additional rate taxpayers can also reduce their income tax bill by making charitable donations. Tax last March, Chancellor Rishi Sunak froze the inheritance tax (IHT) nil-rate threshold at £325,000 for five years. He also froze the nil-rate residence band at £175,000 until 2025/26. This applies to families passing on their main home to direct descendants such as children and grandchildren. HT is charged at a thumping 40 percent on all assets that fall above the threshold, including the value of your home. The good news is there is plenty you can do to cut your exposure, notably by making gifts to loved ones. However, you will need to act fast to beat this year's April 5 deadline, warns Becky O'Connor, of Interactive Investor. She says: "Adults can gift a maximum £3,000 each year with no IHT to pay, so couples can combine their allowances and gift £6,000." You can also reduce your IHT exposure by making gifts to loved ones who are getting married, or by giving to charity. If you gift more than 10 per cent of your estate to charity, IHT on the remainder falls from 40 per cent to 36 per cent. The capital gains tax (CGT) allowance - the amount of capital gains a UK adult can make each year when selling assets such as shares, property, paintings, antiques and jewellery - has been frozen at £12,300 until 2025/26. HMRC's take has risen 20 percent to a £12.9billion record high in the past year. Sean McCann, of insurer NFU Mutual, points out gifts between spouses or civil partners are free of CGT. By transferring ownership of part of the asset you're disposing of to your spouse or civil partner, you can double your annual £12,300 exemptions to £24,600. If your spouse or civil partner is in a lower income tax bracket, consider giving them a larger share of the asset before selling, so you pay less CGT overall. It can make sense to stagger disposals over a number of tax years to make repeated use of your annual allowances. The Government penalises you through the pension lifetime allowance (LTA) if you do the right thing and save a large sum for your retirement. It used to be set at £1.8 million, but successive chancellors have slashed it to today's £1,073,100. That sounds like a lot of money, but more and more will exceed that threshold, as it is frozen, but stock markets rise. As a result, more than two million are likely to incur a brutal tax charge of 55 percent. Any wealth above the LTA threshold is subject to that rate, if taken as a lump sum. Jon Greer, of wealth manager Quilter, says: "Someone who has around £500,000 in total pension savings and is around 15 to 20 years away from retirement could easily fall victim." Jon suggests including saving in an Isa rather than a defined contribution workplace or personal pension, or redirecting pension contributions into a spouse's pension instead of your own.