Arsenal will soon hold talks with William Saliba over his future at the club, according to reports. Saliba is still yet to play a single minute for Arsenal since his £27million move from Saint-Etienne in 2019. The French defender is currently enjoying his third loan spell away from the Gunners since signing for the club. His form at Marseille led to a first call-up to the senior France squad on Monday. Saliba will be with Didier Deschamps' side for the friendlies against Ivory Coast on Friday and South Africa next Tuesday. He replaced Benjamin Pavard after the Bayern Munich star tested positive for COVID-19. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta deemed Saliba needed another season on loan last summer after he returned from Nice. The centre-back's current contract at the Emirates expires in 2024. READ MORE: Bizarre Xhaka incident gives Arsenal boss Arteta more reason to be upset  The Telegraph claims discussions are yet to be held over his future but that is set to happen soon. However, there is no indication of whether Arsenal will offer a new contract. Arsenal supporters have been pining to see Saliba in the famous red and white shirt. But their only glimpse so far has been in a pre-season friendly against MK Dons in 2020. Arteta has previously admitted he understands it is hard for fans to realise why a youngster of Saliba's promise has repeatedly been sent out on loan. But the Spaniard insisted it was with the player's best interests at heart. Arteta said last September: "I know that sometimes it’s difficult to explain or understand after the money that the club has spent trying to bring him in, to send him on loan. But a lot of things have happened to him, he’s a long-term player for us and we need to protect him as well. DON'T MISSSteven Gerrard accused of hypocrisy as old comments surface over Arsenal star Bukayo Saka [QUOTES]Barcelona make decision on two signings after Aubameyang blitzes Real Madrid [GOSSIP]Man Utd, Arsenal and Tottenham's remaining fixtures graded as top-four race heats up [NEWS]  "And giving him three or four games is not enough. For him, he needs much more than that, because what happened in the last 18 months, he’s been through some personal problems as well that we have to try to help him and stay as close as possible to him. "And now he needs to play, play and play and enjoy his profession as well. And in order to do that I think we found the right club with him. "He’s very happy to go there now. Hopefully he can enjoy his football and be ready for us for next season." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 