A new world trade monitor published by the Netherlands Bureau for Economic Policy Analysis found that the global average was a rise of 8.2 percent in the same period. Earlier in the week, the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) said global trade “lagged behind” domestic recovery. It added that the UK had “missed out” on much of the recovery trade, and suggested that “Brexit may have been a factor”. The trade monitor, known as the CPB, incorporates data from the Office for National Statistics, showed the UK performed poorly against advanced countries as well, where exports rose 5 percent. Jonathan Portes, professor of economics at King’s College London, told the Financial Times: “While most other advanced economies have seen a strong recovery in trade, UK exports remain below pre-pandemic levels.” Michael Saunders, a member of the Bank of England’s monetary policy committee said Brexit had “reduced the economy’s openness, in trade and labour mobility”. READ MORE: Brexit fury erupts as protests take to streets – Truss under pressure New data from the ONS on Thursday showed that more than half of UK businesses had switched to sourcing materials more domestically since the UK had formally left the EU. The OBR warned that UK trade “lagged behind the domestic economic recovery” and had “missed out on much of the recovery in global trade”. It said that “Brexit may have been a factor”, adding that as the UK has become less trade intensive, the country’s productivity would be reduced by 4 percent over the next 15 years. Paul Dales, chief UK economist at Capital Economics, said “the bigger picture [is] that exports [are] still struggling to recover from Brexit and the pandemic”. However, CPB analysis suggested the UK had been underperforming in the long term, with exports remaining below a 2010 average. This suggests the UK export economy has been in decline since the financial crash over a decade ago. The OBR poured cold water on the Brexit optimism that the many trade deals the Government had signed since leaving the EU would boost global trade. Since January last year, the UK has reached free trade agreements with more sovereign nations than any other country in the world. DON'T MISS Major emergency after massive tower block fire emits thick smoke plume [REPORT] Horror as family-of-five leap from high rise building – four dead [INSIGHT] Putin's Achilles' heel exposed as Russian despot facing REVOLT [ANALYSIS] The UK now has trade deals with 95 nations, having only 35 when it left the EU. Though it has signed agreements with big trade partners such as Canada and Japan, many others make up relatively little of the UK’s export market and the Government has yet to reach a deal with the US. However, it has started the process to become a member of the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP) – a free trade alliance comprised of countries on the Pacific rim. The OBR said that “none of the new free trade agreements or other regulatory changes announced so far would be sufficient” to impact its forecasts for the UK’s trade. Instead, it estimated that Brexit would mean a 15 percent drop in imports and exports. Gabriella Dickens, economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, told the FT that UK trade would remain “weak” in the medium term. She added that export growth would stay “sluggish”, as UK exporters continued “to be slowly cut out of global supply chains, due to the extra administrative burden for EU firms of sourcing goods from Britain”.