Outlander has finally returned to Starz with the highly anticipated sixth season after fans waited almost two years for the instalment. With the likes of Sam Heughan reprising his character Jamie Fraser, the actor recently opened up about his costume and detailed a major restriction.  Heughan plays the role of an 18th century Scottish Highlander who fell in love with Claire Fraser, (played by Caitriona Balfe) a 20th-century time-travelling nurse. Although the two met under unusual circumstances, Outlander explores their love story while highlighting themes of tradition, power and war. The series successfully transports viewers to the past with the use of the character’s accents, dialogue and costumes. During an interview with MensHealth, Heughan spoke about his character's costumes ahead of the release of season six. READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot? “The costumes are incredible in Outlander, we have a new costume designer, and the clothes really help me get into character,” Heughan expressed. “Jamie's boots are fantastic, they're partly for riding so they support and protect your legs, and they give you so much power. “They really root and ground you,” the actor noted: “I loved wearing them.” He continued: “All the clothing we wear keeps you warm in the winter in Scotland.” “They're heavy, especially Jamie's riding coat. It weighs you down, but it looks really fantastic and helped me as an actor be transported to that time period,” he concluded. Throughout the series, the costume designer Terry Dresbach and Trisha Biggar took on the challenging roles of accurately portraying the times through clothing. This included the way clothing evolved between the 18th and 20th centuries, with various fabrics and patterns. Dresbach, who took over the designs for season five also adapted the costumes for the different locations the Fraser family travelled to, in an effort to be accurate. DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods' Eddie star left 'in tears' for new project [INSIGHT]Next James Bond: Outlander's Sam Heughan details his 007 audition [INSIGHT] Outlander season 6: Jamie Fraser star teases cliffhanger ending [INSIGHT] One of the most important items of clothing the show had to get right was Jamie’s kilt, season one saw the first demonstration and the proper way to put the kilt on. This was of importance as the first season of Outlander introduced Jamie as a proud Scottish warrior and a kilt is a traditional item of clothing for Scottish men. In the interview, Heughan also explained the way the series had shifted his own sense of fashion. He revealed: “Before Outlander, I didn't really have a sense of style, I just wore stuff that I was comfortable in, I didn't really have access to a lot of fashion brands. “But since Outlander, I've been very lucky to get to learn about fashion through these photoshoots and red carpet appearances. Heughan explained: ”My style has definitely changed in the past few years, I've experimented more. I do love a leather jacket, I probably have far too many in my wardrobe. “I spend a lot of time in Scotland, and the weather isn't great, and I'm outdoors a lot, so I tend to wear a lot of boots, and blue jeans. “I guess that's my standard outfit, I need my clothes to be versatile, adapt to the weather, and adapt to whatever I'm doing that day.” Outlander season 6 continues Sundays on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.