After an 18 month delay, No Time To Die finally hit cinemas last autumn and saw Daniel Craig bowing out as 007. The outgoing James Bond star has been in the role since 2006’s Casino Royale, so it’s been a long time since the producers last had auditions. Realistically who could be in the running this time around? Even before Craig agreed to return for No Time To Die after Spectre, there was speculation over who could follow him as the next Bond. Tom Hardy and Idris Elba have long been favourite at the bookies, although at 44 and 49-years-old perhaps they’ve missed the boat? And then there’s the current bookies’ favourite Henry Cavill who actually auditioned for Casino Royale but lost out to Craig, or maybe even Bridgerton rising star Regé-Jean Page could be the first person of colour to play 007? We probably won’t know for a while, but in the meantime here are the best odds from William Hill. Henry Cavill – 2/1Regé-Jean Page – 11-4Idris Elba – 9-2Tom Hardy – 5-1James Norton – 6-1Lashana Lynch – 7-1Richard Madden – 8-1Tom Hopper – 10-1Douglas Booth – 10-1James Dornan – 12-1Tom Holland – 14-1Sam Heughan – 16-1Luke Evans – 18-1Jamie Bell – 18-1Chiwetel Ejiofor – 20-1Tom Hiddleston – 20-1Suranne Jones – 20-1Aidan Turner – 22-1 Bond producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson say they are currently focused on awards season for No Time To Die and celebrating both Craig’s era and the 60th anniversary of the 007 franchise. Speaking with The Times recently, Broccoli said: “The thing is, when you cast James Bond you’re not just casting one movie. You’re making a decision that you’re going to have to live with for at least a decade. Everybody has their own idea about what that person should be, so it’s a tough decision. With Casino Royale, by deciding to do that film and follow that trajectory [five interconnected films, beginning with a reboot] it made it much easier to then identify the actor to play that role. And so now we have to decide what the films are going to be like.” DON'T MISSJames Bond: Roger Moore's Octopussy predicted Putin says 007 producer [BOND VILLAIN]Next James Bond: Outlander's Sam Heughan details his 007 audition [SAM HEUGHAN]James Bond stars in bad moods: ‘We had a slanging match’ says director [BOND STARS] Broccoli shared that first of all she and the others at EON Productions will need to sit down and consider where they want to go with a reboot before finding the right star to fit that feel. She added: “Are [the next set of 007 movies] going to be more humorous or less humorous, more gritty or not gritty? And then, when we’ve done that, we have to figure out the actor to play it. So, no, it’s not just ‘Oh, who looks good in a suit?’ We have to figure this out on our own. The franchise machine doesn’t really start up again until it’s us and the writers in a room, getting into that whole thing.”