Most members of the Royal Family have yet to formally confirm their attendance at this month's memorial service for Prince Philip. However, the Queen's adult children and grandchildren are all expected to attend, with the exception of Prince Harry who has already announced he won't return to the UK for this occasion. Royal watcher Gertrude Daly, who leads the blog Gert's Royals, believes the adult royals may even be joined by some of the great-grandchildren of the sovereign. Looking back to previous services of thanksgiving, the royal watcher noted the youngest member of the Royal Family in attendance was eight at the time. This led her to suppose Prince George, who is turning nine in July, may join Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William at Westminster Abbey on March 29. She wrote on Twitter: "With the Service of Thanksgiving for Queen’s Diamond Jubilee in 2012 and 90th Birthday in 2019 the youngest extended family were about 8 yrs old. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here "So I would expect the Phillips girls, maybe Prince George and Mia Tindall. But not the younger ones." However, she noted, this service won't mark a happy milestone, which may lead parents to leave their young children at home. She said: "But it just depends on whether the parents think their child is up for it. "Unlike the Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee and 90th birthday, this is a sadder occasion." READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's stepson Wolfie in heartbreaking remark Yet, she concluded, this year provides another occasion for children to join their parents during a service of thanksgiving. The royal watcher noted: "And if they don’t attend this, there is still the Jubilee Service of Thanksgiving in June." The service of thanksgiving for the Platinum Jubilee is one of the many events scheduled to take place between June 2 and June 5, in celebration of the monarch's historic milestone. Unlike the one dedicated to Prince Philip, this service will take place at St Paul's Cathedral.    Kate and Prince William appear to be slowly introducing their firstborn to duties. Prince George and Princess Charlotte debuted at the Christmas Day service in Sandringham in 2019 and took part in the traditional walkabout, which sees royals chatting with some of the fans who lined up for hours outside of St Mary Magdalene Church to catch a glimpse of them. One year later, the Duke and Duchess headed to a special panto performance in London and walked down the red carpet alongside George, Charlotte and Prince Louis. However, Prince George has since taken part in a few more public events. Combining his love for sports with royal duties, Kate and William, President of the FA, brought along Prince George to two EURO2020 matches last summer, including the England v Italy final. In February, the young royal was also at Twickenham stadium to watch the England v Wales Six Nations match. Kate proudly represented the English team as the new patron of the Rugby Football Union, while the Duke of Cambridge has been the patron of the Welsh Rugby Union since 2016. Prior to the match, won by England, Prince George joined his parents for a meeting with the unions' representatives. While he did not answer which team he would cheer on during the match, the third-in-line to the throne enthusiastically spoke about his rugby lessons at Thomas's Battersea school. He also joked with Kate about not having managed to tackle her yet while they practised together.