Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince Louis, three, have a nanny who trained at the prestigious Norland College. The three Cambridge children are the latest in a long line of young royals to have the added benefit of a live-in nanny. While the trio's parents, Prince William and Kate Middleton, are known for being very hands-on when it comes to their children, it is sensible for the couple to take on extra help when out and about on royal duties.  This helps alleviate the pressures that come with their hectic work schedules. Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo has been the nanny to the Cambridge children since each of them was small. She started working for the family eight years ago when Prince George was a few months old in 2014. The Spanish native comes from the city of Palencia and received her formal training at the prestigious Norland College, located in Bath.  READ MORE: The three people looking after George, Charlotte and Louis The college website reads: “Norland offers world-class training to those aspiring to be the very best professional childcare practitioners.” Alongside her prestigious training, Ms Borrallo would have also learnt several rules which she has no doubt carried with her into her job with the Royal Family. One of these rules is that the word “kids” is banned because it is deemed disrespectful. Author of ‘Nanny in a Book’, Louise Heren said: "The word kid is banned. It's a mark of respect for the children as individuals."  Even though they are three of the most famous children in the world, Heren believes Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis lead normal lives at home. She said: "Given what we have seen of Catherine when she is out in public, she's very hands-on. “I imagine her relationship with Maria is very close and they collaborate greatly on the care of the children. "I've spoken to nannies who have worked with other royal families and life is pretty normal.  "You get up, have breakfast, you go to school and you wear your school uniform whether you like it or not. “It would be quite like the average British schoolchild,” she told The Mirror. It was also revealed Maria is teaching the royal children to speak her native Spanish. The Duchess of Cambridge proudly told well-wishers at a farm visit in 2017 that Prince George (then three) could already count to 10 in the language.  The younger royals are following in the footsteps of several of their relatives by becoming fluent in other languages. While the likes of the Queen and Prince Charles are talented linguists, it is the Duke of Cambridge who takes the crown when it comes to conversing across borders. Prince William is incredibly adept at languages and is said to be able to speak in French, German, Welsh, Gaelic, Spanish and can even converse in Swahili. He taught himself the latter language during his time at university. 