Property prices are continuing to soar in 2022 following one of the busiest and most expensive years ever on the housing market. The average price for a home in the UK grew by nearly one percent to £255,556 in January, in the best start to the year since 2005. The course of the last 12 months has seen house prices increase by 11.2 percent. House prices have been climbing by nearly £500 per week, according to the lender Nationwide. While sellers have enjoyed high prices during the property boom, prices are expected to come down this year as reduced affordability dampens the market. It is likely sellers will only have a short window to cash in on the sky-high selling prices - but there are certain things you should take care of before putting your home on the market, otherwise you could lose thousands in your sale.  READ MORE: Lucy Alexander on moving house 'over 10 times' due to 'obsession' GoCompare Home Insurance found one in ten would be put off buying a home with over-the-top decoration or carpets. Any buyer is not going to want a lasting reminder of their home’s previous tenant. While you might think your tastes are the finest, others might not, and overdecorating your home with bold colours and interesting carpets will be a red flag for buyers, who will see replacing them as an extra cost. Numerous factors have pushed average house prices to an all-time high, but an acute shortage of homes has boosted prices for sellers. While homes have been selling at unprecedented rates for the last 18 months, some sellers have been getting ahead of themselves and overpricing their homes in the hope of cashing in as much as possible. The strongest market response is always in the first two weeks of a home going on the market - but many waste this optimal window by being too optimistic, thus putting buyers off and reducing competition. By reducing the price at a later date in order to agree on a sale, a seller won’t always get what they’d hoped for if they’d been realistic upfront.  DON'T MISSOxford and London top list of UK's most house-proud cities [INSIGHT]UK house prices claim best yearly start since 2005 [REPORT]Kate & Pippa Middleton's £1.88m flat in Chelsea in their 20s [INSIGHT] Lockdowns have taught us that ample outdoor space is crucial for most homebuyers post-pandemic. A recent survey of house hunters by GoCompare found more than half of buyers would now be deterred from buying a home if it didn’t have a garden. The key to making your outdoor space - however much you have - as sellable as possible is to keep it simple. If you are a keen gardener, there’s no guarantee a potential buyer will be, and the maintenance element could put them off. Again, lockdowns sparked a huge rise in home improvements, as millions spent more time at home than ever in the last two years. However, those who have done more extensive home renovations in lockdown may be missing paperwork for the jobs they have completed. Sellers not getting the necessary consents or building regulations for works in both listed and unlisted properties can really damage the price, or even kill the deal altogether - and can stop a selling deal in its tracks.