The Boys is an Amazon Prime Video anti-hero superhero show with fans often rooting for the underdogs. Spectators would have noticed that the trailer showcases some new and improved cast members and opens up a lot of questions. Hughie Campbell actor Jack Quaid has revealed that he thinks the new season is the "best yet" and that the cast and crew are like "family".   In a world where superheroes exist, what do you do if they are corrupt? The Boys gives a whole new spin on what a hero is when a group of vigilantes attempt to take on dishonourable superheroes and the company behind them, Vought International. Jack Quaid plays average powerless Hughie Campbell, who inadvertently gets involved in the Vought International takedown operation after his girlfriend was killed by superhero A-Train (Jessie T. Usher) in episode one of season one. The 29-year-old divulged that he is grateful to be involved with the show and, on the upcoming season, he said: "I think this season is our best yet." Read More: Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show 'Should've done earlier' Talking to The Wrap, he added: "I'm very biased obviously, but it's a season that's even more messed up than the ones we've done so far. "There's a lot of those signature messed up 'Boys' moments." Season two of the show saw several wrongs made right, but the trailer seems to have opened up many questions. In the last instalment, Billy Butcher (Karl Urban) was briefly reunited with his wife and the boy who he thought was his son; he learnt the hard way that Ryan Butcher (Cameron Crovetti) was, in fact, fake hero Homerlander's (Antony Starr), after he forced himself on Becca. In the final closing scenes, viewers saw hero imposter Stormfront (Aya Cash) about to kill his wife Becca Butcher (Shantel VanSanten) when Ryan used his newly developed powers to save them but sadly killed his mother in the process. Billy, a regular human, is seen in the new trailer with glowing eyes, which suggests a massive shake-up for the new season and that he is possibly spiralling after the tragic events of the previous outings of the show. Jack continued: "I think we tackle a lot of new territory. I think you see our characters in places that you've never really seen them before. "I'm just so excited for people to see it. That's going to be awesome. I don't know. I don't know what else to say besides, I think I had the most fun shooting this season compared to the others because all of the actors now, and the crew, we're just this big, huge family. DON’T MISS…Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star will join CBS drama in new role [LATEST]Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster to exit in heartbreaking Abi Franklin twist? [SPOILERS]What happened to Malva Christie’s mother in Outlander? [LATEST] "It just feels like second nature at this point and I love it. But I'm really proud of what we did and I can't wait for people to see it." The short video clip landed on March 12 on the show's official accounts, with the YouTube video already racking up almost two million views in just under two weeks. Along with the video, the show commented: "This is The Boys Season 3 Official Teaser Trailer, featuring the new single Bones by Imagine Dragons. Rated D for DIABOLICAL." Excited fans responded in their thousands.   