If she wasn't already, Kate Garraway has become an inspiration to the nation as she continues to stand strong for her family and husband Derek Draper, as he battles the aftermath of coronavirus. And the Good Morning Britain presenter has connected with people in other areas too, one being her incredible weight loss transformation. Over recent years, Kate has lost an impressive three stone. She appeared on I’m A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! in 2019, which also contributed to her weight drop but before she jetted off to the wilderness, she lost a whopping two stone. In order to shed the pounds, she made easy changes o her diet, such as swapping sugar and caffeine for avocados. But there was an element she adopted, one that she admits was "extreme". READ MORE: 'Bold statement': Camilla wears purple and green tartan ensemble The fruit contains healthy fats and powerful antioxidants which can offer various health benefits. As a super food, avocados help people feel fuller for longer, thus leading to weight loss. "I eat avocados obsessively because I found one of the diets was high in good fat, medium protein and zero sugar," she said. "Which is a bit extreme for me! DON'T MISS...James Martin lost a stone and a half with one ‘weird’ secret [WEIGHT LOSS]Woman breastfeeding toddler would consider until the age of 6 [HEALTH NEWS]Dr Michael Mosley: The ‘most effective’ diet for weight loss [DIET TIPS] "But eating avocados and low-sugar foods help keep my energy levels up." Kate continued to explain why they were the right food for her, adding; "I tried different popular diets and realised, because of the crazy shifts I do, I regulated my energy with sugar bursts. "I don’t think I ate a lot of sugar but by 8am I’ve always had loads of chocolate," she told Fit & Well magazine. And following her exit from the jungle, she vowed to keep in shape. Viewers know the celebrities are on a low-calorie diet of rice, beans and lean meats, which meant weight loss was a common side effect. When she returned home, she was very open about her transformation. Kate told The Mirror at the time: "I was a bit shocked when I got into the dressing room and looked in the mirror. "I thought, ‘Oh, my God!’ because you don’t see yourself. There is no mirror in the jungle. "They weigh you before you go in and they weigh you when you come out and I’ve lost a stone. "I was really eating in there as well, so rice and beans is kind of the way to go." Her weight loss was so drastic however, that she had to measure fans online that she was eating enough to fuel her busy lifestyle. She wrote on Instagram: 'I try to go day-to-day. I’m aware that people are saying I’m looking a bit thin. "I am eating, I promise you I’m eating. I promise you I’m feeling myself."