Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone is reportedly keeping an eye on Romelu Lukaku following his recent struggles with Chelsea. Lukaku only joined the Blues in a club-record £97.5million transfer from Inter Milan over the summer, but is already being targeted by rival clubs.     Lukaku has failed to hit the ground running upon his return to Stamford Bridge, contributing 11 goals in 29 appearances for Chelsea so far this season. The Belgian striker openly spoke of his irritation over Thomas Tuchel’s tactics earlier in the season, and although he has patched up his relationship with the manager, a sense of unease remains. The uncertain situation surrounding Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich has only heightened speculation about Chelsea departures this summer. According to Super Deporte, Lukaku is being considered by Atletico Madrid, due largely to Simeone’s positive opinion of the striker. JUST IN: Chelsea's Abramovich sanctions could reshape Arsenal's transfer plans  Atleti have spotted an opportunity with Lukaku and don’t want to miss out on what they see as an exciting possibility in the transfer window. Lukaku’s future could be shaped by the UK government’s decision to freeze Abramovich’s assets on Thursday morning, however. The move, which comes after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, means Chelsea cannot currently sell match tickets, buy or sell players, or offer new contracts, while the sanctions are imposed on Abramovich.  DON'T MISS Manchester United's next boss told the first signing he needs to make Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta already has perfect captain choice Barcelona's Erling Haaland approach gives Arsenal and Tottenham boost Chelsea said in a statement they "intend to engage in discussions" with the government and will seek amendments to the special licence to "allow the club to operate as normal as possible", but for now many aspects are up in the air. If the Blues can get around the restrictions in the coming months then sales could follow. Atleti would reportedly struggle to match Chelsea’s financial power, but may be able to afford Lukaku due to player sales of their own. The futures of Joao Felix and Luis Suarez are both in doubt, while Juventus have the chance to make Alvaro Morata’s loan deal permanent for around £30m (€35m).  The current La Liga champions are not the only club interested in Lukaku, with Inter, PSG, Tottenham and Bayern Munich all said to be ‘on the lookout’ for a new striker this summer. Chelsea have much bigger concerns for the time-being, with Abramovich’s efforts to sell the club having ground to a halt due to the sanctions. The freeze means that, although Chelsea are able to pay the wages of all employees, they are under several financial restrictions. They can pay not exceed expenses of £20,000 per game per team for away fixtures and will only be watched by season ticket holders, as they can no longer sell normal match tickets. 