Ever since a deal was made with Disney for Tom Holland to play Spider-Man in the MCU, it’s been pretty much gold dust for the character after Andrew Garfield’s poorly received The Amazing Spider-Man 2. In the meantime, Sony have launched their own alternate Marvel reality in their Spider-Man Universe, giving Peter Parker villains like Tom Hardy’s Venom their own solo movies. Despite poor reviews for the latter, there has been box office success and the studio hopes for the same with Jared Leto’s Morbius. WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD FOR MORBIUS. Originally shot in early 2019, The Living Vampire’s solo movie has been delayed for longer than No Time To Die and finally hits cinemas this week. Following Venom, Marvel fans were concerned Morbius could be another Sony spin-off dud after the dreary trailers, reminiscent of the bad comic book movies of the 2000s before Hollywood knew how to make a decent superhero blockbuster. Tragically, it’s worst than feared. And considering the competition over in the MCU, even with its recent misfires like Eternals, this is just a total embarrassment to the legacy of Marvel Comics and goes to prove after Spider-Man: No Way Home that Sony really can’t make a good comic book movie without Disney anymore. Set in the same universe as Venom, the film follows Leto’s Dr Michael Morbius, a scientist suffering with a rare blood disease, whose attempted cure gives him superhuman abilities and a form of vampirism. If anything, the basic plotline is similar to Edward Norton’s The Incredible Hulk, with Leto’s Living Vampire channelling Bruce Banner with the line: “You wouldn’t like me when I’m hungry.” Despite being a Spider-Man villain, Morbius ends up being something of a protagonist against his surrogate brother, Matt Smith’s Milo, who uses the “cure” to heal the same rare blood disease they share and become a vampire of sorts –although largely without the red gore despite the film being a 15. What follows is a tired superhero movie trope of the villain having the same powers as the hero but planning to use them for like evil or something. Again, much like The Abomination in The Incredible Hulk. Leto’s take on Morbius embodies the film’s desperately boring tone, totally devoid of humour or actual entertainment. This is particularly frustrating given that the star is often given stick for his method acting in recent turns as The Joker and Paolo Gucci when in reality he’s clearly a talented thespian who could have chosen something far better than this dire affair. Similarly gifted and sharing vampiric high cheekbones is co-star Smith, who gives his all to a role that feels tonally off from what Leto and the rest of the movie are going for. The pair get into dodgy CGI scrapes with dated Matrix slow-motion moments, expecting the audience to whoop along rather than look at their watches. DON'T MISSMorbius: Jared Leto drops major Tom Holland Spider-Man crossover hint [JARED LETO]Tom Hardy: Marvel boss won’t rule out Venom Spider-Man MCU crossover [VENOM]Keanu Reeves ‘offered main role’ in Spider-Man villain spin-off movie [KEANU REEVES] From the start, Morbius feels like a mess, with scenes edited onto each other in such a jarringly patchy fashion to be devoid of any coherent time flow. Besides Smith and Leto, their supporting cast has very little to do, let alone warrant their existence in the film. Morbius’ doctor fiancée Martine Bancroft (Adria Arjona) stands around looking pretty and seems to be being set up as a vampire in a possible – please no – sequel, while Jared Harris’ mentor figure Nicholas Morbius and Tyrese Gibson’s cop have a few pretty inconsequential scenes even when the previous is killed off by Milo. If anything, Morbius feels like a movie that happens at you, hoping for a big reaction but leaving the viewer cold. Yet at least there’s some hope for the character’s future in the end credits scenes, before calls for a final nail in this vampire’s coffin. As revealed in the trailers and spoilt by director Daniel Espinosa in a pre-release interview, Michael Keaton’s Vulture is indeed in the movie. He is the same character from the MCU movie Spider-Man: Homecoming and has crossed the multiverse into Sony’s Spider-Man Universe. In a clunky encounter with Morbius in the final scene, he suggests they team up against the Web Slinger – but which one? It looks like the studio are planning on uniting a Sinister Six, which would presumably include Hardy’s Venom and Aaron Taylor-Johnson’s upcoming Kraven the Hunter. Assuming they go up against Holland’s Peter Parker in an MCU movie, perhaps Morbius can be redeemed just as the villains of some of the poorer Maguire and Garfield films were in Spider-Man: No Way Home. Morbius is out now in cinemas.