Davina McCall is many people's 'fitspo', with her epic workouts inspiring many across the nation to get active. Her incredibly toned physique proves she's more than dedicated to her health and fitness, but she recently shared that her eating habits had turned "ugly". The 54-year-old presenter took to Instagram at the end of last year, where she said she "fell off the wagon" with her diet when it comes to her addiction to sugar. Appearing in her workout gear and rocking a radiant makeup-free look, Davina told fans she was "making a commitment" from the beginning of November. "I'm going to cut out refined sugar, fruit and honey for the first couple of weeks to try and get myself off sugar again," she penned. READ MORE: Sheridan Smith weight loss: Behind TV star's impressive 2 stone drop "I've massively fallen off the sugar-free wagon and it's ugly." The mother-of-three went on to express how consuming it made her feel. "I don't want to do it anymore," Davina continued. "It makes me feel rubbish and it makes me feel super bloated." DON'T MISS...Fitness: Experts unveil exercise tip to 'extend your life expectancy' [LATEST]Dwayne Johnson abs: Diet plan for weight loss [DIET PLAN]Weight loss: Slimmer ditched 3 foods to combat her menopause [REAL LIFE] And the only way she could get herself back on track was by completely cutting it out of her diet. "The shame of not sticking to it is what will keep me going," she giggled. "Sugar makes me bloated, I feel toxic, and it sends my body into turmoil and here is where I stop. "Like an addict about to go into treatment, yesterday I ate five Gold bars... wtf! It ends today."(sic) Three days later, Davina updated fans with her progress and she was thrilled with her body's reaction. She noted that her "skin looks good", she has "more energy" and she's no where near as bloated as she was when she was eating refined sugars. Over the years, many study's have found that eating a lot of refined and added sugars can lead to headaches, low energy levels, and inflammation. Not only that, not eating sugar is proven to help weight management and can help with premature ageing. The American Academy of Dermatology emphasises that a diet high in sugar can actually "accelerate ageing", where as quitting consumption can "slow down the progress".