Joseph Sikora shot to fame after his portrayal as Tommy Egan on Starz’s crime series, Power never failed to amaze fans. As the star of the show’s recent spin-off Power Book IV: Force, the actor ignited a craze on Instagram after he teased a potential crossover with Netflix’s hit British crime series, Top Boy.  Last week, the second season of Top Boy took Netflix by storm after the instalment premiered on the platform after almost a three-year hiatus. The East London crime series instantly shot to Netflix’s Top 10 lists, after its worldwide fans streamed each episode in the masses. Highly acclaimed Rapper and Power’s executive producer 50 Cent also praised the series on Instagram. He posted a photo of himself in a Top Boy t-shirt which had Jamie (played Michael Ward) and Dushane (Ashley Walters). READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star? In the next slide, he posted a video clip of Ashley Walters sharing a behind the scenes story from the time he starred alongside 50 Cent in the 2005 film, Get Rich or Die Tryin’. In the caption, he wrote: “If you watched Get Rich or Die Tryin’ you know why I love Top Boy, [Ashley Walters] is my man. I can't wait to do a show with him.” This had already sparked a huge fan frenzy with people suggesting the rapper should appear in the next series. However, Joseph Sikora added even more fuel to the fire after he commented: “Force/TopBoy cross. I’m in.” Having starred in the original series Power which landed in 2016, Sikora built a loyal fan base which followed him on to his own spin-off. The viewers were in disbelief at his comment and responded with excitement. @Dino_242 anticipated: “Tommy and sully [Kane Robinson] link up is a big problem for everyone.” @Alexmocanu added: “Dushane & Tommy to link up, that'll be [Flame emoji]. Don't know how you'll deal with Sully's crazy a**.” DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders season 6: Tommy Shelby's tragic diagnosis incorrect? [THEORY]Top Boy theory: The 4 major clues Jamie is alive despite Sully murder [INSIGHT]Power Book 4 Force's Tommy Flanagan star 'confirms' scope for spin-off [INSIGHT] @Big_berlz agreed: “Yeah, it would be hard, can't lie.” An excited @Damian_Dash commented: “Tommy, don't give me a heart attack, that would be the best news ever.” @Brandon_a2 shared: “Imagine Tommy and 50 cent in top boy would be nuts, or Ashley walters and sully in power.” While @Relishgents wrote: “Now this is the collab the people want!!!” With both shows reigning over the crime genre in each respective country, a crossover would more than likely cause hysteria among fans. While a potential collaboration between Power and Top Boy is yet to be confirmed, fans also await an official confirmation regarding the fifth season of Top Boy. However, this isn’t the case with Power Book IV: Force which is currently on episode seven of its weekly release. A second instalment was confirmed earlier this month, as the show became the most-watched premiere ever in STARZ history with 3.3M multi-platform views in the US alone. Power Book IV: Force is available on Starz in the USA and is available on Starzplay in the UK. Top Boy is available on Netflix.