Clive Myrie, 57, has successfully left Ukraine after being stationed there to report on Russia’s invasion. Clive revealed on Sunday that he had crossed the border into Moldova before driving across the country to reach Romania. He documented his journey on Twitter first with a snap of his BBC colleague, Ian Jonas, crossing a bridge from Ukraine into Moldova. Clive said in view of his 197,000 followers: “The legendary Ian Jonas and me as we cross the Dniester River from Ukraine into Moldova late afternoon.” In an update shared 10 minutes later, Clive posted a picture from a car in a queue waiting to cross over into Romania following a journey that took the best part of a day. He penned: “After 17 or so hours drive in all from Kyiv, heading south then west, then into Moldova to the frontier, we arrive at the queue to cross from Moldova to Romania. READ MORE:Martin Roberts breaks down in tears after Costco purchase rejected “This was to become a long night. We are less than 2miles from the crossing.” (sic) The presenter said he had been waiting in the queue for eight hours before approaching the Romanian border. He revealed that he had been handed a leaflet upon his arrival into the country which said: “Welcome to Romania...If you are Ukrainian you have the right to enter Romania and you will be protected.” After finally crossing the border, Clive took a moment to sympathise with the Ukrainians who have been forced to flee their country. He wrote: “It was a long, day of driving and queuing to get out of Kyiv. “Imagine having to leave all you know in a hurry because you’re being shelled! What do you pack? Do pets come too? It’s freezing cold and you pray those in neighbouring countries will welcome you, not despise you! “My thoughts are with the one million who have fled Ukraine because they might be killed. “The millions who fled Syria and many other millions escaping repression, poverty, war. They all pray they’ll be welcomed in other countries as human beings. That’s all they ask.” DON'T MISSTamzin Outhwaite left 'in tears' over Liverpool's tribute to Ukraine[LATEST]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak[INSIGHT]‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle[NEWS] Over the past week, Clive had been at the forefront of BBC News’ coverage in Kyiv. Concerns for his safety intensified when journalists from Sky News and other outlets left the country when the conflict escalated. In a rare interview on Wednesday, Clive told his BBC colleague Christian Fraser: “None of us are forced to come here. “It’s part of our job. We all feel that we want to tell the story of this war and tell it accurately and fairly. “That is really important because there is so much…I was going to use the word c*** – I might as well. There is so much c*** out there that is misinformation, propaganda, nonsense. “What you’re trying to do, whether it is the New York Times, Washington Post, Channel 4, ITV, Sky, BBC, is you’re trying to be truthful to this story. “We’re representing the people that are having to cower down here. “We want to represent them fairly. But you’ve got to weigh that against your own personal safety.”