Charlie's latest role as Michael Kinsella sees one of the Kinsella sons getting killed, which sets off a gangland war, turning through dark storylines as secrets of the Kinsella family are revealed, exposing their vulnerability. Charlie Cox plays Michael Kinsella, one of the Irish brothers who was recently released from prison and tries to lay low away from the trouble. Opening up about his new role, he admitted that learning the Irish accent was the hardest challenge of them all. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Charlie touched on how this character was different to the ones he had played before, revealing the accent was "really hard". He said: "Well, he is Irish, he's from Dublin, so I've never done a Dublin accent before. "I find all accents hard, but I work really hard at them, and I can find accents quite freeing once you get them into a good place. "They actually do a lot of the acting work for you because it feels so different from being in the accent. READ MORE: Danny Sebastian partner: Who is Bargain Hunt's Danny Sebastian with? "You know, I've played a few characters who are quite, you know, have violence in them, but I'm not sure I've played anyone who, along with the violence, has extreme vulnerability and is and is also very, very scared. "And so that was slightly different." Touching on what drew him into the role of Michael Kinsella and what interested him in having a go, he revealed that the scripts were the thing that pulled him in. "Well, when I read Peter McKenna's scripts, the first thing was, I just found that they are absolutely fascinating, beautifully written, and so painful and moving," Charlie began. "You know, when you read a lot of scripts as an actor, you know, you read a lot of stuff that's good or fine, but it's quite rare you read something that moves you as much as the scripts did. "In terms of Michael's specifically, I was just fascinated by the idea that we've got someone who, based on what he's done in the past and based on what he's capable of, he's a bit of a monster. "[He] is the kind of person that, as normal society, you would dislike and be very frightened of, and not want to have anything to do with him, and not root for him at all. "But weirdly, in the way the scripts were written, you're able to see him in a slightly different light, and I think as an audience member, you start to kind of feel sorry for him. DON'T MISS...Charlie Cox opens up on 'weird' challenges on new series [INSIGHT]Spider-Man No Way Home digital and Blu-ray home release announced [LATEST]Everywhere Charlie Cox's Daredevil could pop up in MCU phase 4 and 5 [WATCH] "You start to kind of root for him a little bit, which is, I think that's just an interesting challenge for the actor. "But also quite an interesting predicament for an audience member, so that was really what was exciting about it to me," he explained. The opening episodes of the series follow Cox's character as he emerges from a stint in prison and struggles not to be drawn back into a criminal lifestyle. On top of exterior pressures, long-hidden secrets also begin to emerge across the eight episodes that threaten to tear the family apart from the inside. The plot of Season 2 of "Kin" is currently unconfirmed, but Peter McKenna recently said in a statement: "What I would like to do is change the dynamic in the family completely. "The first season was really about one woman's grief and what that caused. The next one, I would really like to explore historical trauma. "I know it sounds quite heavy, but it'll have all the bells and whistles of Gangland genre." RTE and US channel AMC have confirmed Kin will start shooting a second season in July. Kin is streaming exclusively on Sundance Now (an add on subscription via Amazon Prime Video Channels)