With the UK and the rest of Europe currently experiencing a severe energy crisis as both prices and demand rise, yet supply falls, urgent measures are needed. Already the situation is set to get worse, with some energy companies suggesting price hikes of 40 percent. The Government has opted to move towards a mix of nuclear and renewable energy sources, with the wind being a major provider.  However, two major flaws have been identified by a senior Conservative MP.Taking to Twitter to reveal why wind will not work Sir John Redwood said: “What other country would refuse to produce its own gas, insisting on importing instead? “The Government says new wind farms are better, but they stop when the wind drops or when it blows too hard. “ With weather conditions often sporadic in the UK, the MP’s suggestion of changing winds could reduce production.  Boris Johnson suggests the move into such forms of energy are designed for Britain’s security. The war in Ukraine has brought further huge rises in global fossil fuel prices and exposed countries’ dependence on overseas supplies. The need for more on- and offshore wind farms is now being talked about within Government as a matter of security, rather than a way of fighting climate change. Kwasi Kwarteng, the business, energy and industrial strategy secretary, said last week on Twitter: “This is no longer about tackling climate change or reaching net-zero targets. “Ensuring the UK’s clean energy independence is a matter of national security.“Putin can set the price of gas, but he can’t directly control the price of renewables and nuclear we generate in the UK.” READ MORE:Boris slammed for shunning UK to strike Saudi energy deal  Some Tory MPs have called for the lifting of a moratorium on fracking for shale gas to help reduce dependence on imports. However, rhetoric from the Prime Minister suggests there is no realistic prospect of doing so in the short term until the process had been proved to be demonstrably safe. Furthermore, environmental groups have raised concerns fracking will cause huge damage to the surroundings, as well adding to climate change problems. Instead, a majority of cabinet ministers back a big push for more renewables and an expansion of nuclear. Mr Johnson said last week all oil imports from Russia would be phased out by the end of this year.  DON''T MISS:Putin will be 'UNDERMINED' as 'money talks' on oil and gas [COMMENT]'Russia on run!' Putin's given just TEN days to survive [REPORT]EXCLUSIVE: British soldiers explain why they are fighting in Ukraine [EXCLUSIVE] In the UK, 4 percent of gas and 8 percent of oil currently comes from Russia.The EU sources about 40 percent of its gas from Russia and 27 percent of its oil. However, 47 percent of Britain’s gas comes from Europe, which itself obtains gas from Russia, suggesting Britain may be using more Russian gas than it knows. A further 44 percent of Britain’s gas is produced locally in the North Sea and East Irish Sea.  Labour has called for an urgent “national sprint” to build a clean, green, secure energy future including more renewables. Ed Miliband, shadow secretary for climate change and net-zero, said last week: “Energy security is national security. “Homegrown, clean power is the cheaper, more secure route to energy security and sovereignty.” In 2020 renewables generated 43 per cent of Britain’s electricity while gas, oil and coal contributed about 40 per cent. The remaining capacity was filled by nuclear. 