Bruce Willis, 67, has decided to step away from Hollywood as the actor's family have announced his recent health diagnosis. The Die Hard star, who was previously married to Demi Moore, has been suffering from health issues in recent months his family have shared in a candid Instagram post today. The actor's daughter Rumer Willis, 33, took to the picture-sharing site and said that her father has been going through some "challenging times". In view of her 902,000 followers, the statement began: "To Bruce’s amazing supporters, as a family we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities. "As a result of this and with much consideration Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him." The statement went on: "This is a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support. READ MORE: Tom Parker dead: The Wanted star dies after battle with cancer at 33  "We are moving through this as a strong family unit, and wanted to bring his fans in because we know how much he means to you, as you do to him. "As Bruce always says, 'Live it up' and together we plan to do just that." The message was signed off: "Love, Emma, Demi, Rumer, Scout, Tallulah, Mabel, & Evelyn." According to the National Aphasia Association, the condition is an impairment of language, affecting the production or comprehension of speech and the ability to read or write. The association reports that the condition is due to injury to the brain, most commonly from a stroke, particularly in older individuals. Head trauma, brain tumors or from infections can also cause aphasia. It is unclear when Bruce was diagnosed with the brain condition. Following the announcement, supporters flooded to the comment section as they offered some kind words to Bruce. DON'T MISS... Harry and Meghan's royal tour would be a success, claims Jane Moore[LATEST]Mark Charnock thanks Georgia Taylor after ‘taken for granted’ claim[TV]'Scrambling!' Stacey Solomon rushed in to replace Loose Women co-star[ADMISSION] Instagram user, Leann Sheaks commented: "Sorry to hear of his illness. Wish him well and prayers. So happy he has a village of love to surround him and help support him." Kay remarked: "I’m really sorry to hear this. He’s a lucky man to have such a loving, strong, devoted family. Sending so much love to your family as you guys navigate this new chapter." Krista Lida offered: "I’m so sorry to hear this… my father had the same, it’s challenging." Cindy added: "I'm sorry to hear that he has a medical condition that keep him from his career. My prayers are with you all." Bruce is the proud father of five daughters and he often shares sweet snaps with his family on social media. He shares his two youngest children, Evelyn, seven, and Mabel, nine, with his model wife, Emma Heming, and has three daughters, Rumer, Scout and Tallulah with his ex-wife, Demi. The candid annoucement marks the possible end of a decades-long career, which began with small roles in television shows like Miami Vice and The Twilight Zone in the early 1980s. His first big role was as John McClane in the hit film Die Hard in 1988, leading to six sequels. The Hollywood star has a number of films under his belt including Unbreakable, Pulp Fiction and the 2019 film Glass. Bruce has also recently completed multiple projects that are in post-production, including Vendetta, Fortress: Sniper’s Eye and White Elephant.