The Last Kingdom's final season has gone down a huge hit on Netflix and fans were devastated to see the historical TV drama end. However, they have found solace in the fact a new film will see Uhtred's story come to an end. Alexander Dreymon has played the main protagonist since the series started airing - how old is he now? The final season of The Last Kingdom featured a time jump that saw Uhtred of Bebbanburg in his 50s. However, actor Dreymon by no means looked his character's age as he continued to leave fans in awe. The German-born actor has played the role since 2015 and he remains one of the show's biggest heartthrobs. He had a couple of notable roles before joining the historical drama, in the film Christopher and His Kind, and American Horror Story: Coven. Dreymon had wanted to be an actor since he was a child, having trained at the Drama Centre London. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom historical accuracy: Did Uhtred rule over Runcorn? The star is now 39 years old and he celebrates his birthday on February 7, 1983. He was only in his early 30s when he played Uhtred for the first time on screen. The star has held the role for seven years and he has just said an emotional goodbye to the character. Dreymon and co-star Eliza Butterworth, who portrayed Aelswith, revealed to Instagram they had officially wrapped filming for the movie Seven Kings Must Die. Butterworth said: "Wooowww it is truly an end of an era! "Yesterday was the last ever day of filming on [The Last Kingdom] as they completed the film spin-off Seven Kings Must Die.” Meanwhile, Dreymon said: "That’s a wrap on [The Last Kingdom], on Seven Kings Must Die, and on Uhtred, son of Uhtred. “As you can tell, I’m slightly out of it, exhausted and overwhelmed. "Overwhelmed with gratitude for everyone who has gotten us to this point…our cast and crew, [Carnival Films] & [NBC] and, of course, all of you. “Thank you [Netflix] for allowing us to travel all the way to Bebbanburg and beyond.” DON'T MISS... Alexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married? [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom teases return for sixth outing despite Netflix ending [DISCUSSION] The Last Kingdom: Will Osbert fight for Northumbria in Netflix film? [INSIGHT] "I feel so lucky that I got to live part-time in Uhtred's skin for so many years. From the bottom of my heart, thank you all.” Dreymon was born in Germany but spent his time growing up in the US, France and Switzerland. Pursuing a career in acting, he also studied martial arts and learned to ride horses. He spent time studying in Paris before training for three years at Drama Centre London. The star took on a number of stage roles before making his film debut in Christopher and His Kind. His breakthrough TV role was as Uhtred in The Last Kingdom and he will always be remembered as the Son of Uhtred. As for when he will next appear on screen, a release date for Seven Kings Must Die is yet to be announced. Hopefully, more information will come to light now that filming has wrapped. The two-hour Netflix film will bring Uhtred's story to a definitive end.  The Last Kingdom season 5 is on Netflix now. Filming has wrapped on the film Seven Kings Must Die.