Arsenal target Cody Gakpo has been advised to pursue a move to the Emirates Stadium at the end of the season in spite of rival interest from a number of top European clubs. The PSV winger is thought to be one of the most in-demand young players on the continent after turning plenty of heads with his form for the Dutch outfit over the course of the campaign. Gakpo is said to be on Arsenal's wishlist ahead of the summer transfer window after chipping in with 16 goals and 15 assists in all competitions since the beginning of the current season. He has since been urged to snub the likes of Bayern Munich, Liverpool and Barcelona in order to join the Gunners by former PSV forward Kenneth Perez, who believes that he would thrive under the guidance of Mikel Arteta in north London."[Arsenal] would be a really good club for him," said Perez on ESPN. "This is of course no longer the Arsenal of the past, they are between fifth and 10th place."They are still not there, but you just can’t look at league standings. Last year they finished 10th. If they have a good year, they will finish fourth." JUST IN: Liverpool receive Alexander-Arnold injury boost after Man City fears Arsenal are believed to be in the market for at least one new forward ahead of next season, with a number of their existing stars expected to leave the club on free transfers in the summer as things stand. Perez's comments on Gakpo were recently echoed by PSV legend Willy van de Kerkhof, who insisted that the young winger has every chance of being able to thrive at a top European club if any suitors are willing to meet his reported asking price of around £42million."Gakpo has hit the ceiling at PSV," Van de Kerkhof told Voetbal Primeur. "I think Gakpo can certainly succeed in England, but I also find Bayern a good club for him and he thinks so too, I think. [His price] is very simple. 50 million euros, he is definitely worth it." It remains to be seen whether Gakpo will eventually be snapped up by Arsenal or if he will be tempted to join one of Europe's biggest hitters when the bidding opens in the summer months. He was strongly linked with the Gunners in January but ultimately chose to stay at PSV after penning a new long-term deal until 2026.He made his international debut for the Netherlands at Euro 2020 but did not join up with the Oranje for this month's friendlies after picking up a knock during PSV's recent win over Copenhagen in the Europa Conference League. It seems as though the Eredivisie heavyweights would be open to selling Gakpo if the price is right, but whether or not any interested parties will be prepared to meet their asking price without trying to negotiate a lower fee is another question. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here