Julia Bradbury, 51, has taken to Twitter to update fans on her well-being amid her cancer battle. The presenter had posted a short clip of herself walking through the Essex marshes. The star encouraged her 165,500 followers to get their “30 minutes” of walking in. She captioned her post: “Grateful for nature. Grateful for my walks. #headspace #mentalhealth #walkingtherapy" In the video, she spoke of how she felt she was lucky enough to be filming in the Essex marshes and expressed gratitude for her life. She said: “Today I’m lucky enough to be filming in the Essex marshes, it’s so beautiful here and it’s teeming with birdlife as well. READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award “It’s a crisp lovely day with blue skies and sun shining, and quite honestly, I just feel lucky to be alive, to be here. “Nature just makes me feel grateful and humble. “Being outside does so much good for mental health, can’t tell you enough. I recommend it. “So I hope you get your 30 minutes, at least 30 minutes, outside today.” She then panned the camera around and showed fans the Essex scenery. Julia was diagnosed with breast cancer last September after noticing a lump. She has since had a mastectomy and has been updating her followers on her recovery journey. Followers were quick to reply to her latest post and wish Julia all the best. @Julespark62 wrote: “How brilliant to see you doing what you love! You are looking fab Julia. Walking is great for the mind. I’m so pleased for you xx” @Babel_bob said: “Really great to see you out and about Julia, take care.” DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan bids farewell after 'ruffling feathers' in new project  [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics [ANALYSIS]Eamonn Holmes shares 'painful and exhausting' health insight [UPDATE] @Shaggy5527 penned: “Your enthusiasm always cheers me up, looking really well too.” @Realismrules commented: “That walk was always very calming and uplifting for me when it was where home was. Lovely to see it and that it made you feel good too!” @Paulqui86828822 said: “You are an inspiration Julia. Agree with you about the walks and nature…” Julia frequently takes to social media to remind her followers to express gratitude and use their time wisely. The star also recently spoke up about Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, saying that it is “shocking and unimaginable” while on her morning walk last weekend. The This Morning star said: “Always good to feel the wind in your hair but my head is full, and my heart is heavy, considering the pain and turmoil that Ukraine is going through.” “I hope the world does the right thing. “What's happening now is truly shocking and unimaginable in the 21st Century."