Gabriel Agbonlahor has been brought back down to earth by his talkSPORT colleague Laura Woods following the former Aston Villa star's criticism of Arsenal. Agbonlahor hit out at Arsenal players and supporters for over-celebrating Saturday's 1-0 win at his beloved Villa. Agbonlahor was working as a pundit for BT Sport on the match but waited until he was on talkSPORT on Sunday to air his views. The 35-year-old claimed the Gunners were celebrating like they had won a trophy. He said: "The way they celebrated at the end of the game it's like they'd won the Champions League, not qualified for it. I know it was a great result but the scenes from the players, we were right behind the fans and it was like they'd won the league, not beating Aston Villa, a team that they should be beating. "I think they overdid the celebrations, Arsenal." Agbonlahor took a lot of flak from Arsenal fans on social media. READ MORE: Tottenham boss Conte names wonderkid with 'brilliant future' after West Ham win  And Gunners supporter and radio host Laura Woods joined in on the criticism of the former striker. Woods started her argument by outlining the importance for fans to celebrate any victory. She said: "It's a club that has been quite divided and now they look like a club that is more unified. If you're not allowed to celebrate your wins, however big or however small they are, what's the point in going to football? "If you're not allowed to celebrate a win in a season that you're going for top four but you might not, shall we just wait until the end of the 38-game season and then celebrate where we are in the league? It doesn't really work like that." DON'T MISSMan Utd looking set for Erik ten Hag appointment after new developments [REPORT]Man Utd boss Rangnick told of Paul Pogba replacement who could save millions [QUOTES]Arsenal's £184m transfer mission on three signings will provide true test for Mikel Arteta [OPINION]  But she then destroyed Agbonlahor in savage style. Woods dug up audio from back in November, when Agbonlahor praised Villa boss Steven Gerrard for celebrating like he had won a trophy. Woods said: "But Gabby Agbonlahor, listen, don't listen to me, don't listen to my own argument. Listen to your own argument." TalkSPORT then played the clip from November 22 last year in which Agbonlahor ruined his own argument. He said: "Just the passion from Gerrard on the sideline for the whole game, interacting with the fans during the game.  "His celebration for the goal was like he'd won a cup final. That's what fans want to see." TalkSPORT then cut back to a smug Woods, who said: "That's what fans want to see Gabby, isn't it. People celebrating, anything in the league, it doesn't matter if you've just won the league or you've just won a single game. "Fans just want to see celebrations. So well done Gabby Agbonlahor for undoing your own argument before you even made it." Agbonlahor was not working on talkSPORT at the time and is yet to respond.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here