According to the official, Putin's advisers are "too afraid to tell him the truth" about the situation in Ukraine. They are reportedly misleading him on how poorly the war effort is going and how damaging Western sanctions have been. The US official said: "We have information that Putin felt misled by the Russian military.  "There is now persistent tension between Putin and the [Ministry of Defence], stemming from Putin’s mistrust in MOD leadership. "Putin didn't even know his military was using and losing conscripts in Ukraine, showing a clear breakdown in the flow of accurate information to the Russian president. "We believe that Putin is being misinformed by his advisers about how badly the Russian military is performing and how the Russian economy is being crippled by sanctions, because his senior advisers are too afraid to tell him the truth." The official did not provide the intelligence report but said that the information had been declassified.   Putin's operation in Ukraine appears to have descended into chaos, with Ukraine estimating that 15,600 Russian soldiers have been killed in the fighting so far. 2,000 Russian military vehicles are also thought to have been destroyed or captured. Between 2,000 and 4,000 Ukrainian soldiers are believed to have been killed so far, according to US estimates. The revelations from the US official come just days after the Kremlin indicated that it will scale back its invasion in Ukraine.   The Russian defence ministry said that the "first phase" of operations was complete, adding that it would now "focus" its "core efforts" on the Donbas region. Colonel-General Sergei Rudskoy added: "The main objectives of the first stage of the operation have generally been accomplished". Russian forces have so far failed to capture Kyiv, despite Putin previously suggesting that capturing the capital and toppling Zelensky's government was an objective. Putin's deputy defence minister Alexander Fomin also said Moscow has decided to "fundamentally cut back" operations near Kyiv and Chernihiv. This, he said, was part of an effort to "increase mutual trust" at peace talks, currently taking place in Istanbul. The announcement marks the first major concession made by Russia since the invasion of Ukraine began on February 24. However, last night Putin warned that the shelling of Mariupol will only end when Ukrainian troops surrender. A statement from the Kremlin, released after a phone call with French President Emmanuel Macron, said: "In order to resolve the difficult humanitarian situation in this city, Ukrainian nationalist militants must stop resisting and lay down their arms". Meanwhile, US officials have expressed scepticism over Putin's plans to scale back operations in Ukraine. US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said the US has not seen any evidence that peace talks between Ukraine and Russia were advancing in a "constructive way". He added: "There is what Russia says and there is what Russia does, and we’re focused on the latter. "And what Russia is doing is the continued brutalisation of Ukraine."