Rishi Sunak spoke to the Treasury Committee on Monday and was quizzed on a variety of topics. During the discussion, the Chancellor confirmed the Government’s plans for the state pension moving forward. The triple lock policy is suspended for the 2022/23 tax year, but will be reinstituted from April 2023. Mr Sunak was asked how much the Government has budgeted for next year’s increase, to which he responded: “It will be whatever the estimated CPI (Consumer Prices Index) is in September.” The estimated rate of inflation measured by CPI in September 2022 is expected to be 7.4 percent. Whatever the rate of inflation is for the year to September could potentially be used to increase the state pension for the 2023/24 tax year. READ MORE: Pensioners urged to claim £3,000 DWP benefit as cost of living crisis continues to bite However, if the rate of earnings growth is higher, that will be used instead of inflation. This follows the traditional terms of the triple lock policy, which ensures the state pension increases by the highest of: DON'T MISSState pension fury as older people get £2,251 LESS income a year - ‘pure discrimination' [REACTION]NHS prescription charges from April 2022 confirmed but free prescription age fears remain [WARNING]Debt management: Money problems? Three ways to take control of your personal finances [INSIGHT] Mr Sunak confirmed the state pension will rise by the highest of the three figures next year and said the triple lock will “function as it normally functions”. A boost of 7.4 percent would constitute by far the largest increase to the state pension since the triple lock was introduced. The biggest increase to date came back in 2012/13, when the state pension rose by 5.2 percent. The triple lock policy has been in place since the 2011/12 tax year. However, it was not implemented as normal in the run up to the 2022/23 tax year, which begins on April 5, 2022. Pensioners could have received an increase to their state pension of more than eight percent, due to an unusually high rate of earnings growth. The Government took the decision to remove the earnings link as a result, believing the rate of earnings growth was being artificially inflated by a large number of Britons returning to work from the furlough scheme. Therefore, the state pension will rise by just 3.1 percent this year instead, in line with inflation for the year to September 2021. By taking this decision, the Government broke a manifesto pledge from 2019 to honour the triple lock. Since the 3.1 percent increase was confirmed, inflation has continued to bloat, currently sitting at a whopping 6.2 percent. This means when the state pension increase kicks in on April 11, 2022, pensioners will receive an income boost equivalent to half the rate at which the cost of living is rising. There had been some concerns the Government may decide to suspend the triple lock again next year, but Rishi Sunak now appears to have put those fears to rest.