Kate Middleton and Prince William have just travelled back to the UK after spending a little over a week in the Caribbean. Many of the Duchess of Cambridge’s outfits got rave reviews, as she wore many different colours on the trip. Most of the outfits Kate wore were by well-liked designers, such as Emilia Wickstead and Jenny Packham.  However, some of her outfits could have been from another era. When departing Lynden Pindling airport in the Bahamas, Kate wore a sprightly white and yellow printed dress by Alessandra Rich. The designer gown is currently on sale for $2,033, which equates to roughly£1,541. It had short puff sleeves and a fitted bodice which continued into a peplum style.  READ MORE: Peter & Autumn's body language 'looked pretty besotted' post-split The gown pulled Kate in at the waist with a tie belt that had a silver and black buckle. The button down gown cut off just above the ankles. It had a large bow at the front of the top. The dress had similarities to one worn by Queen Elizabeth II, then Princess Elizabeth, in South Africa in 1947. The monarch wore a dress that also had a bold yellow pattern and a bow at the front.  Kate’s dress certainly had a retro feel to it, as have many of her other recent outfits. The Duchess made her first official outing in the UK in another of Alessandra Rich’s designs. Pictured with her family at the memorial service for the Duke of Edinburgh at Westminster Abbey, Kate wore a £1,495 polka-dot midi dress. She paired this with a hat from Lock & Co. Hatters, pearl earrings that were worn by Princess Diana, a Russell and Bromley clutch and a simple pair of black Gianvito Rossi pumps.  The Duchess has modelled Alessandra Rich’s demure, ladylike dresses on several occasions. Her latest polka-dot style nods to Diana, Princess of Wales, who was an avid fan of the cartoonish print during the 1980s. The retro 1980s silhouette and puffy sleeves are not dissimilar from styles worn by Diana herself. But Alessandra Rich’s signature button embellishments and cinched belted waist offered a contemporary twist on the late royal’s formalwear.  This is not the first time the Duchess has nodded to Lady Diana’s favourite pattern. The royal wore a navy dress with a crisp collar by Alessandra Rich for Prince Charles’s 70th birthday portrait in 2018. She also introduced the world to Prince George wearing a polka dot cornflower blue dress by Jenny Packham as she stood outside St. Mary’s hospital in 2013. A spokesperson from British Savile Row tailors, Souster & Hicks, exclusively told Express.co.uk: "I think Kate Middleton takes a lot of inspiration from Princess Diana. "We have seen it many times, whether it's wearing Diana's iconic pearls leaving Jamaica most recently, or wearing similar colours to some of Diana's most iconic outfits." 