With inflation and energy bills on the rise many families will be looking at ways to save and make some extra cash to put towards the increasing costs. Britons are encouraged to save with the Help to Save scheme which is aimed to help those on low incomes specifically.  The scheme is available to 3.5 million British people who are claiming Universal Credit, Working Tax Credits and Child Tax Credits. Help to Save is backed by the Government so all savings in the scheme are secure. People can save between £1 and £50 each month. For example, if someone has saved £50 by May 21, they will not be able to pay into their account again until June 1. READ MORE: PIP: Thousands missing out on up to £600 from the DWP but don't realise - are you? To receive the maximum £1,200 bonus, someone would need to put away £50 a month for four years. At the end of year two and year four, people are paid a 50 percent bonus. It's deposited into an easy access account, so savers can make withdrawals if they need to. However Britons should be aware that this could impact the overall bonus that's available. The total amount saved over the four years would be £2,400, which the Government adds £1,200 to. It's estimated around 500,000 households may now be eligible to claim Universal Credit, when they weren’t previously, following a number of rule changes. However, many people claiming benefits are not aware of the Help to Save scheme which has been specifically designed to help them by boosting their savings by 50 percent. The savings scheme has been pushed so many times by money-saving expert, Martin Lewis and the MoneySavingExpert.com team, that new research into the scheme, published by the DWP and HMRC, has attributed a large part of its success to them, as reported by Daily Record. It said: "The research found that Help to Save customers are predominantly working women with children at home - in line with the general profile of the Tax Credit population. "A third are single parents. MoneySavingExpert was found to be a key source of awareness of the scheme. "Customer views on Help to Save are overwhelmingly positive, with a significant majority recommending the scheme to others." UK residents are entitled to open a Help to Save account if they are:• Receiving Working Tax Credit or Child Tax Credit• Entitled to Universal Credit and have earned income of at least 16 hours a week at the National Living Wage (from April 1, 2021, this is equivalent to £617.76 a month) in the previous assessment period. If a couple claim Universal Credit jointly and their combined income was above £617.73 in the last assessment period, they both will be able to open a Help to Save account – even if one partner isn't working currently. They won't be able to open a joint Help to Save account – it's one per eligible person. People can close their accounts at any time but if they do this early, they could miss out on their next bonus and will not be able to open another one. After four years, the Help to Save account will close. People cannot reopen it once this happens.