Former Liverpool and Manchester United striker believes Mohamed Salah would have to move to Manchester City if he did not want to take a step down. The Egyptian winger has enjoyed another stellar season under Jurgen Klopp, netting 28 goals and contributing ten assists in 36 appearances in all competitions. He has also added the League Cup to the hefty list of honours he has accumulated ever since he sealed a £34million move to the Reds from Roma in 2017. His ruthlessness in front of goal has been an enormous part of Liverpool’s recent success which has seen them move within one point of Pep Guardiola’s side. However, the 30-year-old’s future at Anfield remains a point of uncertainty for the Reds. Salah has entered the final 18 months of his deal with the Merseysiders and contract negotiations are believed to have stalled in recent weeks. While the former Chelsea ace has regularly stated that he is happy at the six-time European champions, this satisfaction is yet to transcend into a new contract, And Owen believes the Egyptian could only really move to the Premier League table toppers, if he did not want to take a downward step in his career. JUST IN: Leeds stance on selling Phillips amid Real Madrid and Man Utd interest "I'd be very surprised if Mo Salah didn't sign with Liverpool. What are the options at the moment?" Owen said to BBC Sport. "You are only going either sideways to Manchester City or down anywhere else because there is no-one else as good as these two teams in the world at the moment. "Let's give everyone time because these things don't happen overnight. You are talking about one of the biggest clubs in the world and one of the biggest players in the world and that player is about to sign the biggest contract of his life. I think it's entirely normal that negotiations can drag on a little bit.” DON'T MISS...Liverpool legend Divock Origi to leave on free transferBarcelona could be about to give Liverpool a major boost over SalahBruno Guimaraes sends bold Newcastle message to Man City and Liverpool Fabrizio Romano understands Salah rejected Liverpool’s latest proposal as his representatives feel his performances merit more than the terms the Reds offered. However, Owen urged Liverpool fans not to panic, as long, drawn out contract negotiations are a normal part of football. "Liverpool have got to run it as a business. They can't, of course, give any player what they want because if you do then there are lots of other players in the squad that could be knocking on Jurgen Klopp's door saying, 'well, hang on a minute, if he's on this then I should be on that’,” Owen added. "I'm sure Liverpool are very sensible, I'm sure Mo Salah and his representatives are all very sensible and understand that. It's just a case of them finding the middle ground and, hopefully, everybody will find that quite soon. "Mo Salah has got to be thinking about the chances of success in the future - if he's thinking along those lines then Liverpool ticks that box. It's just a question of whether they tick the box financially as well."