The Russian military's bombardment of the besieged Ukrainian city of Kharkiv has left shaken inhabitants "in a daze" according to Al Jazeera journalist Charles Stratford. Mr Stratford captured footage of the aftermath of Russia's bombing of the city in eastern Ukraine which has left large areas of the centre devastated. Mr Stratford told Al-Jazeera: "Scenes of utter devastation here in the centre of Kharkiv Ukraine's second City, second-largest city absolutely shocked by what we've seen. "I'm just going to turn the camera around and show you for example, this street. "This is what the power of Russian bombing can do to civilian areas of this city. Surveying the devastation he added: "This street completely and utterly devastated some of the buildings still on fire. JUST IN: 'Shut up!' Andrew Marr slapped down during live report from Ukraine war  "If I pan around here, you can see one of Kharkiv's, main churches, the steeples, the couplers on the top of that church, very, very damaged. All the windows blown out of that church." Mr Stratford added: "As I say, this is central Kharkiv many of the buildings on the other side are government buildings. "It's the scene of where we saw that huge shell drop about three or four days ago on the city. "The people here that you speak to cannot in any way get their head around how Vladimir Putin could do this to a city like Kharkiv. "I mean, some of the people that we spoke to literally walking around, in a daze unable to comprehend what has just happened," he added. Ukraine's military intelligence said on Tuesday that Ukrainian forces have killed a Russian general near the Kharkiv, the second Russian senior commander to die in the invasion. Major General Vitaly Gerasimov, first deputy commander of Russia's 41st army, was killed on Monday, the Chief Directorate of Intelligence of Ukraine's defence ministry said in a statement. Russia's defence ministry has so far not commented on the as-yet unverified reports of the general's death. DON'T MISS: Dementia: The troubling toilet sign that could precede brain decline [REVEALED] Prince William's anger after leaked photo: 'Worried for Kate' [LATEST] Putin TRAP exposed: Russian olive branch to Ukraine [REPORT] Another Russian general, Andrei Sukhovetsky, also a deputy commander of the 41st Army, was reported killed at the end of February. Ukraine says its forces have killed more than 11,000 Russian troops. Russia has confirmed about 500 losses. Neither Russia nor Ukraine have disclosed the number of Ukrainian casualties. United Nations' refugee agency has announced that over 1.7 million Ukrainians have left the country so far.