Russia's invasion of Ukraine has had far reaching economic consequences, one of which is a likely worsening of the UK's cost of living crisis. While inflation had previously been predicted to begin levelling off this year the impact of soaring gas and food prices now looks set to keep it running higher, and for longer. Think tank the Resolution Foundation has suggested the Chancellor now needs to focus the Spring Statement on supporting low and middle income families who it argues will be hardest hit. The group predicts higher food and energy prices will create a second spike of inflation later in the autumn which could reach over 10 percent for poorer households given the higher share of their budgets spent on these areas.  October in particular will see another adjustment to Ofgem's energy price cap which has been predicted to go as high as £3000 for a typical user. James Smith, Research Director at the Resolution Foundation, warned: “The chances of a living standards recovery this year are receding as rapidly as inflation is rising, and the risk of another recession is looming into view. "The Chancellor will therefore need to make some tough, and potentially expensive, choices in how to respond." The Resolution Foundation have called for targeted support through benefits such as Universal Credit and the State Pension, which it argues should be increased by eight percent rather than 3.1 percent in order to keep pace with inflation.  Mr Sunak has so far faced criticism for plans to raise National Insurance in April, which it has been argued will put a further dent in household budgets and potentially deter businesses from hiring and expanding. Martin McTague, National Chair of the Federation of Small Businesses (FSB), said: “The Chancellor has a choice: plough on with damaging tax hikes, or take steps to protect the most fragile and empower small firms to deliver his ‘culture of enterprise’ vision." The FSB has previously warned that the National Insurance hike poses a key risk to the Government's levelling up plans due to the impact on small British firms, particularly in target areas such as the North West and West Midlands. According to the group, across the country 280,000 firms are currently at imminent risk of collapse with high cost pressures for goods, services and energy the top concerns.  Among measures suggested, the FSB wants to see an increase in the Employment Allowance which it is hoped would reduce the cost of hiring staff. The group also hit out against the super-deduction, a tax incentive which allows companies to claim back 25p for every pound invested in certain machinery or equipment. According to the FSB the "eye-wateringly expensive" super deduction is mainly "used by corporations and multinationals, not small businesses operating in all our communities." Ruth Gregory, Senior UK Economist at Capital Economics, suggested there was "scope for borrowing to rise" if the Chancellor were to explore spending or tax cuts to address the cost of living. So far Mr Sunak has already committed to a £200 energy rebate in October which is then repaid over the following years.   DON'T MISS: Turkey faces 'perfect storm' as lira reaches lowest since December [INSIGHT] Eurozone trapped between inflation and recession risk [ANALYSIS]City surges as global financial centre since Brexit - 'great energy' [FEATURE] While suggestions such as a cut to fuel duty, VAT on utilities or increase to the energy rebate may all be possible Ms Gregory predicted: "Mr Sunak is unlikely to give such large sums away, knowing full well that what may initially be intended as a temporary measure can often end up as permanent spending. "Nor are there any signs that he is wavering on April’s 1.25ppt increase in national insurance contributions." While Mr Sunak faces numerous challenges over the rising cost of living and doing business, a major fear will be the extent to which the UK's recovery from the pandemic could be de-railed by the fallout from the Ukraine crisis. After a rapid bounceback in GDP many forecasts are now being revised down as squeezed budgets leads to less spending and consumption. Consultancy Pantheon Macroeconomics now predict GDP will only grow by 0.6 percent in the first quarter of 2022, before dropping 0.2 percent in the second quarter. 