Premium Bonds are a savings product administered by National Savings and Investment (NS&I), which allows bondholders to deposit and withdraw money from their accounts whenever they want. Compared to other savings accounts, interest is acquired through a monthly prize draw which sees savers win up to £1million. Currently, the annual prize fund rate for Premium Bonds stands at one percent but this is subject to change. Furthermore, the present odds of someone winning per £1 bond is 1 in 34,500. Usually, two winners win the £1million prize draw every month and April is likely to be no exception. At the beginning of each month, NS&I announces the winners of the Premium Bonds prize draw. The next winners are set to be announced on April 1, 2022. Ahead of this announcement, savers will be looking for ways to improve their odds of winning and becoming Premium Bonds millionaires. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim After the announcement of March 2022’s winners, Jill Waters, the retail director for NS&I, shared how Premium Bonds investors can boost their chances of winning the top prize in the coming months. Ms Waters explained: “A massive congratulations to our new Premium Bonds jackpot winners from Devon and Cheshire. “This really is a life-changing sum of money and we wish them all the best for the future. “Aside from our two jackpot winners, this month, ERNIE will be paying out more than 3.3million other tax-free prizes worth £97,337,100, surprising and delighting people up and down the country.  “You can start a savings habit by investing in Premium Bonds from just £25. You can do this via bank transfer or by setting up a regular standing order. “A regular savings habit really is the best way to help your savings blossom this March.” Financial journalist Martin Lewis has discussed Premium Bonds on his website MoneySaving Expert.com and has shared who is likely to win big through the lottery. Savers who have more than £5,000 worth in bonds are more likely to have improved odds of taking home a cash prize, according to Mr Lewis. The financial expert said: “The more bonds you have, the closer you get to the prize fund rate, and this is where the scales start to tip in Premium Bonds' favour.” As well as this, Martin Lewis emphasised how those who are saving long-term will be able to benefit from NS&I’s product offering. He added: “While Premium Bonds beat easy-access savings for those saving more than around £5,000, they don't beat many of the top fixed savings accounts on average luck. “Yet as the name suggests with fixes, your money's locked away, while with Premium Bonds, you have access to your cash. So if you want to save longer, but keep access to your money, they're a decent option.” Discussing the benefits of the NS&I savings account, Mr Lewis said: “Premium Bond prizes are tax-free, but so is savings interest for 95 percent of people. “Yet if you're one of those who earns more interest than your personal savings allowance, then if you've a decent amount in bonds, they'll usually be the clear winner (especially as cash ISA rates are poor).” Martin Lewis is the Founder and Chair of MoneySavingExpert.com. To join the 13 million people who get his free Money Tips weekly email, go to www.moneysavingexpert.com/latesttip