Louise Minchin told former BBC Breakfast colleague Steph McGovern that she would “love to visit” her Channel 4 show again. Steph, 39, and Louise, 53, caught up on the set of the former's hit show, Steph’s Packed Lunch.   Louise took to Instagram yesterday to share a picture of herself and Steph with her 128,000 followers. She also included a couple of selfies from Channel 4’s famous Steph’s Packed Lunch studio. Alongside the post, she wrote: “What a delight to be reunited with @stephlunch and talk about lots of things including my podcast #pushyourpeak my thoughts about leaving #bbcbreakfast also #menopause and taking pizza into the cinema. “What a fun programme, thanks to everyone and I would love (to) visit again please when I have finished my book! READ MORE: Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts     “Sorry to have missed out on @allegramcevedy’s poco loco chicken which smelt delicious!” Louise’s fans flooded the comments section of her most recent post, praising both ex-BBC Breakfast presenters, while gushing over the fact they were back together again. Kenny MacMillan wrote: “Two of my favourite presenters. Inspirational ladies.” Patricia Lowden commented: “Lovely seeing you together again. We needed Dan there also. Old gang together again!”      Andy Deighton added: “Two of the most amazing people in the world. Top presenters.” Margaret Fowler wrote: “Wonderful that you met up with Steph again. You must have had a lot of catching up to do.” Robina Castle penned: “You are missed but I’m sure you are happy not to do early mornings.” While Paul Barnes sent out a heart emoji, adding: “Miss you BBC Breakfast is not the same.” (sic) READ MORE... Piers Morgan slams Finding Freedom co-author for Wills and Kate swipe [LATEST] Ruth Langsford gives update as procedure leaves her with 'scabby' skin [UPDATE] ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home [NEWS]     Louise and Steph previously worked on BBC Breakfast together for many years. Steph was the show’s main business presenter between 2010 and 2019. She then went on to launch her successful talk show for Channel 4 in September 2020. The show offers a mixture of entertainment, food, news and an exciting variety of high-profile guests, most recently including the likes of John Whaite, Denise van Outen and Giovanni Pernice.      Louise was previously the host of BBC Breakfast, before saying goodbye to her team after 20 years. The presenter bid farewell to co-host Dan Walker in September of last year and went on to star in I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! two months later. Last month, Louise began hosting a podcast series called Push Your Peak on behalf of indoor cycling and performance brand, Wattbike. Steph’s Packed Lunch returns today at 12:30pm on Channel 4.   