Recent US intelligence has claimed President Putin has lashed out at his ’siloviki’ - which literally translates to “strongmen” - as his violent invasion of Ukraine fails to go according to plan. American officials have said they’ve acquired “solid intelligence” of uncharacteristic outbursts of fury from the Russian leader, prompting fears he may resort to even more catastrophic violence. While the claims are impossible to independently verify, the USA’s intelligence has been accurate this far into the conflict and its preamble. The revelations suggest the USA has a source within President Putin’s inner circle or some other means of monitoring it. Much of President Putin’s inner circle, which are referred to as the Siloviki, rose with him through the ranks of the KGB and share the same Cold War mindset - that the West is out to destroy Russia and that the country’s legacy must be restored. But who is Putin's inner circle?  READ MORE: Putin blasts Ukraine Nazis in deranged rant but opens up on losses There are few in President Putin’s life who wield as much influence as Nikolai Patrushev, who is head of Russia’s security council. Mr Patrushev has worked with President Putin since his KGB days and succeeded him as head of its post-Soviet Union iteration, the Federal Security Service, from 1999 to 2008. The pair are certainly on the same page - just days before the invasion of Ukraine began, he claimed without evidence it was the USA’s “concrete goal” to break up Russia. He plays the informal role of national security advisor and would have been instrumental in pressing President Putin to invade Ukraine. He has also been accused of approving assassinations on behalf of the Russian state and other illegal operations. A public inquiry into the assassination of Alexander Litvinenko found his slaying was allegedly approved by Mr Patrushev.  DON'T MISSBrexit blamed again! Leaving EU at fault for failure on sanctions [INSIGHT]Can Putin be stopped? The shocking way Putin could be removed [ANALYSIS]Zelensky speech: Ukraine President's most rousing statements [INSIGHT] Alexander Bortnikov is the current director of the FSB, Russia's domestic intelligence agency and successor to the Soviet spy agency, the KGB. The agency he heads up maintains an iron grip on life in Russia and is responsible for punishing dissent. The FSB has also been responsible for the tightening of restrictions on Russian society in recent years. The agency was responsible for the poisoning of Alexei Navalny in 2020 with Novichok under Mr Bortnikov’s order. An experienced military strategist and former Soviet Union general, Valery Gerasimov is the chief of general staff. He will have been central in planning the invasion of Ukraine, and is responsible for keeping a hawkish eye on Western activity in Russia’s perceived sphere of influence. In the same stroke, any failings in the invasion will fall squarely on Mr Gersimov’s doorstep - so he may not be personally popular with the Russian President at present. Sergei Shoigu oversees Russia’s military and its intelligence agencies, which makes him one of the most powerful figures in the Putin administration. Since being appointed to the Defence Ministry in 2012, he has overseen Russia's 2014 annexation of Crimea and its intervention in Syria. He is also reportedly a close friend of the President, and they often enjoy hunting and shooting expeditions together.