BBC Question Time was dominated by discussions about Russia's invasion of Ukraine. During yesterday's episode, panellists and audience members locked horns over the use of nuclear weapons. The SNP's deputy leader in Westminster, Kirsten Oswald, even clashed with the comedian Konstantin Kisin over how effective nuclear weapons are as a deterrent. But after Labour's Shadow Northern Ireland Secretary, Peter Kyle, claimed Ukraine "gave up" their nuclear weapons, one audience member came in to correct the record. Mr Kyle said: "There is another point here, Ukraine is one of the very few countries in the world that gave up its nuclear weapons." After some faint heckling from the audience, the MP for Hove added: "Well had them removed, lost its nuclear deterrent itself and I'm afraid the lesson is stark." JUST IN: BBC QT: 'Shame on you!' Penny Mordaunt trades blows with Peter Kyle MP over Ukraine visas In response, an audience member in Norwich said: "Ukraine gave up its nuclear deterrent on a whim because it signed the 1994 Budapest memorandum at the behest of the West, am I right?" "We promised, Britain, America, to protect them, protect their boundaries, protect their sovereignty, if it gave up its nuclear weapons." BBC host Fiona Bruce interjected to say: "And, of course, Russia promised as well." The audience member then continued: "They gave it all up, and what have we done? "We've sold them down the river." READ MORE: BBC QT: Audience member blasts Western attitude to Putin During the discussion, Mr Kisin also warned the BBC audience that it was “100 percent” possible for Putin to use nuclear weapons. He explained: "Of course, if pushed, yes." Kisin added: "If he feels that his life is on the line of course he would use nuclear weapons." The comedian’s comments echoed a warning from Donald Trump’s former National Security Council advisor Fiona Hill. Ms Hill said: "Every time you think, 'No, he wouldn’t, would he?’ DON'T MISS:What will Putin do next in Ukraine? President Macron issues warning [INSIGHT]Putin vows to destroy Western 'Anti-Russia' and achieve 'total victory [LATEST]Putin TRAP exposed: Russian olive branch to Ukraine [SPOTLIGHT] "Well, yes, he would. "And he wants us to know that, of course. "It’s not that we should be intimidated and scared… "We have to prepare for those contingencies and figure out what is it that we’re going to do to head them off." Next week's episode of BBC Question Time will be broadcast from Walsall and will even see ex-Manchester United fullback and Labour Party member Gary Neville sit on the panel.