The £150 council tax rebate was announced by Chancellor Rishi Sunak in November 2021 to help Britons pay their bills. The rebate is due in April but tens of thousands of Britons could miss out.   In some parts of the UK, tens of thousands of people don’t have direct debit payments enabled. Nearly 150,000 households in Yorkshire and Lincolnshire are at risk of missing out on the government's £150 council tax rebate, according to ITV News. Shaun Davies, a spokesperson for the Local Government Authority (LGA) said: “This year will be tougher than most, particularly for those on lower incomes, so it is good that the government is stepping in to provide financial support to help ease these pressures. “You can still get the money if you don’t have a direct debit set up, but it could take longer as your council will have to contact you and then you’ll have to make a claim.” READ MORE: 'Thank you!' Martin Lewis saves man £492 a year on his Sky TV bill Charities are concerned that some people will miss out if they are told they have to make a claim. While these rebates will be paid automatically, anyone who doesn’t have a direct debit set up could face delays. They are being warned that they could even end up missing this repayment altogether.  At the same time, people who are exempt from paying council tax should contact their local council to see if they qualify for £150 towards other household expenses. DON'T MISS: Martin Lewis: A little-known way to pay for dentistry and opticians [UPDATE]Pensioner explains simple way she earns £2,000 a month [INSIGHT]Cost of living: Pensioners urged to claim £3,000 DWP benefit [ALERT]  The Chancellor announced he was doubling his Household Support Fund from £500million to £1billion in his Spring Statement last week. Meanwhile, almost half a million people (400,000) are thought to be paying too much because they’re in the wrong council tax band. Financial journalist Martin Lewis has been highlighting this issue for years.     Mr Lewis continued: “Thousands have tried and succeeded, and payouts or discounts worth £100s or £1,000s are commonplace.” More than half of local councils (89 out of 151) are planning to increase council tax by 2.99 percent next month. People should have received a letter from their local council detailing their new charges. Alternatively, they can check the Council Tax levels set by local authorities in England 2022 to 2023 when official figures are released on March 30.      What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Council tax bills are due to rise by three percent for millions of households from April but 20 million households in bands A to D are due £150. Some 80 percent of households are eligible for the rebate which should go some way to easing current financial pressure. While these rebates will be paid automatically, anyone who doesn’t have a direct debit set up could face delays. They are being warned that they could even end up missing this repayment altogether.