Zara Tindall and Mike Tindall stunned on the first day of the iconic mid-March races, where guests flock in their thousands to show off their best looks as they spectate. Zara Tindall is one of the most notable guests this year, looking dazzling as usual. The royal has stepped out in a sophisticated burgundy coat with button detailing and wide sleeves and gold along the belt. She has paired this with a matching burgundy handbag, which also has gold detailing. The ensemble is tied together with an extravagant fascinator in the same colour. The intricate design boasts swirls and a fan shaped element. READ MORE: Princess Anne and Zara Tindall’s engagement rings are ‘understated’  Burgundy seems to be a favourite colour of the royal, with Zara wearing a very similar coat to the annual trials in January. She wore a mid-length maroon coat with a black faux fur collar. The ‘Edeline’ wool coat is a modest £249 from HOBBS London. She paired this with a black Julian Garner beret with statement feathers in striking blues and purples.  Stylish as ever, the royal kept the sun out of her eyes with cat-eye shaped Illesteva tortoiseshell glasses. Her makeup was minimal as is typical for this royal. But, she did make a statement with her earrings, which were silver and sparkly. Her bag is the same she has worn to Cheltenham today. Her boots were simple black leather. Today, Zara opted for a more dressed up shoe, turning up to watch the races in black stilettos with a pointed toe. With the burgundy pieces taking centre stage, Zara’s trousers are plain black and ankle length. Her makeup is minimal, and accessorised with a pair of gold hoops. Zara’s companion today was husband Mike Tindall. The royal ex-rugby player stepped out in a brown blazer with pink and green stripes, a white shirt and blue tie with pink polka dots Like his wife, he wore smart black trousers, which matched his black flat cap. At the annual trials in January, Zara attended Cheltenham with daughter Mia. Like mother, like daughter, the eight-year old looked lovely in a dark dress with sheer sleeves and black tights, with a brown and black hairband to accessorise.