Gardening hacks are a great way of combatting problems among your green haven without breaking the bank. Slugs and snails are one of the biggest pests for green-thumbed Britons, often going after your favourite plants and flowers as a source of food. Though garden snails hibernate in the winter months, as the spring approaches they are set to be out in force. Coupled with slugs, who don’t hibernate at all, now might be time to start ramping up your defences against these common garden dwellers. While branded repellants are widely available in supermarkets, they can be dangerous to put out in your garden - especially if you have pets or little ones running around. Many of the ingredients used in repellants can be fatal or at least cause quite a lot of harm if pets, children or other wildlife accidentally consume them. READ MORE: Huge mistake people make when painting walls and how to avoid it However, there is a popular fizzy drink which gardening experts say can work wonders to get rid of slugs and snails from your flower beds. According to Gardening Know How, you can lure slugs and snails with a low bowl or dish of Cola. You could just leave an open can of this enticingly sweet drink out if you would prefer. Make sure to position the beverage in an area where you commonly find slugs and snails chomping away at your plants. DON'T MISSDIY savvy woman saves ‘thousands’ transforming caravan for only £140 [REVEALED]Houseplants: 3 reasons your soil has turned mouldy [EXPLAINER]Get rid of ‘pesky weeds’ using cupboard essentials [COMMENT] Unfortunately, they likely won’t survive the experience. The experts claim that the sugars from the soft drink will entice the slugs and snails into the bowl. Once they enter the sweet liquid, however, they will drown in the acidic liquid. Be sure to regularly change the liquid and discard any slugs you find in the bowl. It is important to note, however, that the trap will only work effectively if set up properly. The trick can also work to get rid of wasps in your garden, though it can lure a large number of them to the region where you set the bowl. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Perhaps it is a bit of a brutal way to get rid of these garden pests, but the sweet nature of Coca Cola acts as a perfect trap. The acidity of this super sweet, deep brown drink is what makes it so good for use in the garden. Citric acid which is found in Coca Cola, as well as unbranded cola or coke drinks, works a treat as an acid fertiliser, compost ingredient and is making its mark as a pesticide.