Oscar Chu Ortega was looking for an easy way to make an additional income after relocating to East London while concentrating on his own business. Mr Ortega told Express.co.uk that his side hustle is perfect for people who need extra money but are time poor. Lots of people will be looking for ways to make extra money to offset the rising cost of living. Soaring energy bills and food prices are leaving many Britons’ finances stretched to the max. However, there are a few simple things people can do to earn a few extra pounds a month and some of them don’t eat up too much time. One means of making an extra income is through Stashbee - an online marketplace that allows people to hire out their garage, driveway or loft space. READ MORE: NS&I Premium bonds: Can you boost chances of becoming a millionaire? Oscar makes £130 a month hiring out his driveway and has racked up £3,780 since his Stashbee listing went live. The tech entrepreneur told Express.co.uk: “This source of income from renting my parking place has been very useful as it has helped with the expenses I had at the beginning of my entrepreneurial journey. “I was able to make a substantial side revenue stream for myself, particularly during the pandemic. “People should just go for it because it's always great to have a new source of income.” DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis shares the wage you WON’T pay more tax under NI hike [INSIGHT]60 Lloyds, Bank of Scotland and Halifax branches to shut [WARNING]State pension: DWP makes new commitment to triple lock [UPDATE] He said he would recommend it to other people who are time poor because it was easy money for very little work. Even if Britons don’t have a spare driveway, they might be able to make money by listing a garage or a loft. According to the RAC there are 5.7 million dormant garages in the UK. Yet Britons could be earning around £147 a month by letting commuters park there. Anthony Paine, chief executive of Stashbee said it could be a solution for other cash-strapped Britons. "Physical space is a fundamentally scarce resource - there's a limited amount on planet earth. “Urbanisation, globalisation, population growth, increasing cost of living and property price inflation are just some of the factors making it harder for people to find spare space at an accessible price, where they need it, and with the access and security features they require. "Stashbee solves this problem by providing a simple, smart and sustainable way for people to store their things locally, whilst also empowering people with space to become micro-entrepreneurs." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea How much could I earn from my space? BasementsThrough Stashbee, the average renting costs of basements is £0.91 per square foot, with an average earning potential of £181 per month. GaragesBritons can earn on average £147 per month through renting out their garage space. LoftsOn average, people can rake in £891 every month from renting loft space. Parking Spaces and DrivewaysPeople have been cashing in on renting their empty spaces and earn £213 per month on average. 