Courageous Russians took to the streets today to protest their country's war against Ukraine. Protests erupted in more than 37 cities across Russia for the third weekend in a row as anger builds inside the country against the war and its leader President Vladimir Putin. As expected, the Russian police response was brutal and swift with videos of riot officers beating protesters in Moscow, St Petersburg and even in remote Siberian towns.  In a sign of how panicked officials were in St Petersburg, the city's central Nevsky Avenue was closed off to members of the public today. The protesters risked the threat of a jail term after President Putin signed a bill that criminalises fake news about the Russian army. OVD-Info, which monitors arrests during protests in Russia, said that police had detained at least 745 people during demonstrations in 37 Russian cities today but that number is expected to grow. At least 353 of them had been arrested in Moscow, according to the independent monitor said. Cyclists - including their bikes - were taken into detention in Moscow as well as elderly pensioners. JUST IN: Captured Russian bomber pilot says 'we have already lost this war' On Saturday, an elderly woman was arrested by police in Nizhny Novgorod after she protested by holding up a blank sign. Protesters have since used blank pieces of paper at rallies to point out the absurd and extreme crackdown in Russia. People in Nizhny Novgorod, Rostov and Moscow were all spotted today holding up blank signs as nervous police officers detain anyone who is suspected of protesting. Matthew Luxmoore, a Moscow-based journalist for the Wall Street Journal, tweeted a thread of protests taking place in Russia: "They may be out of the headlines but Russia-wide protests against the war haven’t stopped. "Neither have the arrests. This is Yekaterinburg today - peaceful rallies already happening in multiple Siberian cities, and soon beginning in Moscow and St Petersburg. "Video from Irkutsk today. Many people who opposed the invasion of Ukraine have left Russia. "Many others remain and join demonstrations despite the high risk of arrests and even jail time." "A protester screams in pain as he’s detained by riot police in Yekaterinburg, who chase journalists away. "And people outside Russia decry the fact that more Russians don’t protest. "Mad scenes at anti-war protests in Moscow as police arrest pensioners, passers-by and even a cyclist in the middle of the road." DON'T MISS: Ukraine offers £767,000 reward for every defecting fighter pilot [VIDEO]Chelsea fans fuming as Roman Abramovich sanctions threaten club [REACTION]Ukraine LIVE: One US journalist shot dead and another injured [LIVE BLOG] Since Russia launched its invasion, more than 14,200 people have been arrested in Russia for taking part in anti-war protests. Jailed Kremlin critic Alexei Navalny has said that anti-Putin protests should continue every weekend until the war ends He said: "Mad maniac Putin will most quickly be stopped by the people of Russia now if they oppose the war. "You need to go to anti-war rallies every weekend, even if it seems that everyone has either left or got scared. "You are the backbone of the movement against war and death."