Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky called on foreign troops to come and join the fight to save his country from Russian occupation.  Mr Mamulashvili claimed to have sent a British soldier who was on active duty back home and he will continue to do so if more come. The Ministry of Defence warned British soldiers on active duty not to join fighting in Ukraine on Thursday as they could be seen to be interfering with Russia and cause further conflict with other European countries.  GB News host Dan Wootton said: "And any of the Brits who are with you currently serving in the British army? "Because there have been reports that serving troops have defied their command in the UK to travel to Ukraine." Mr  Mamulashvili said: "Well you know we do not accept guys who are currently on active duty. "There was a guy from the United Kingdon, a young guy who came to join us. JUST IN: 'Lost touch!' Putin alone as furious Russians turn on leader - 1.2 MILLION sign petition    Mr Manulashvili added: "As I understood that he had an active duty we bought him a ticket back. "And we sent him back because it is unacceptable for us because it can cause a political disagreement. "So we try not to accept foreign active duty, and they have never joined us, and they will not join us. Mr Wootton said: "That's good to know, can you give us a bit more detail about the person who you sent back? "Obviously not revealing his identity but just the circumstances?"  READ MORE: Energy crisis: UK handed plan to END Putin’s 'stranglehold' by cutting Russia's cash cow Mr Manulashvili added: "He was 21-years-old, you know and I recommended him not to join us because you know he has a bright future. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss last month encouraged Brits to go over and fight then later denied the comments she gave. Vladimir Putin has threatened nuclear warfare on the country that interferes with his invasion. Transport Secretary Mr Shapps said: "You cannot go and fight if you're in the British Army, you cannot just get up and go and fight. "Of course, that's inappropriate behaviour and you would expect the army to have some very, very strict rules in place, as they do." When Mr Shapps was asked what Russia might do if a British soldier was captured or even worse, killed in Ukraine, Mr Shapps said: "There's a big difference between Britain sending its army in and some people who are breaking with our law and going to do it. "But, clearly, this is a dangerous situation. And clearly, we want to make sure that the assistance we're providing is done in an official way - like the anti-tank missiles that we provided prior to and during this conflict, and like the 22,000 Ukrainians that we've trained 