Britney Spears has taken to Instagram to announce her hopes for the future as she admits she wants a baby with fiance Sam Asghari as soon as possible. The newly-freed star posed topless in more raunchy beach snaps as she celebrates the end of her conversatorship. Crouching in the sand with her hands covering her assets and her head raised towards the sky, Britney, 40, shared with her 39.7million followers: “Planning on having babies in Polynesia”. In another snap, the Toxic hitmaker could be seen lying on her front with her arms holding her up, showing off her cheeky yellow and pink bikini bottoms. Further stunning photos came as Brit lay down in the water with the waves lapping over her as she soaked up the sun. Her fans flocked to the comments to support the iconic singer in her new lease of life.  Hannah wrote: “WORK IT BABY!!!! So happy to see you happy”. Mary added: “OMG YES!!! Have all the babies you want and wherever you want!!!” Perez Hilton remarked: “Sounds nice and relaxing! You deserve that!” Britney has made no secret of her desire to have more children with 28-year-old Sam, after claiming her father Jamie Spears forced her to have a contraceptive coil against her will during her 13-year conservatorship.  She already shares two teenage sons: Jayden, 15, and Sean, 16, with ex-husband Kevin Federline. The star also recently hinted that she had secretly tied the knot with Sam on their tropical holiday as she referred to him as her “husband” in a post. Celebrating the personal trainer's birthday, Britney paid tribute to him by posting a smouldering Instagram photo of him lying on a deck chair, his arm outstretched towards the camera. "Such an amazing pic of my husband @samasghari !!!!" she enthused in view of almost 40 million followers. DON'T MISS... Tamzin Outhwaite left 'in tears' over Liverpool's tribute to Ukraine[LATEST]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak[INSIGHT]‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle[NEWS]  "He’s such a hard worker and he amazes me each day with his passion for life !!!!" she added. "I’m so lucky to be able to share my life with him …. HAPPY BIRTHDAY." Referring to his outstretched hand in the photo, Sam jokingly quipped: "I’m saying no more cake baby, no more please!" Confused fans flooded the comments to query the use of the word "husband", with one Instagrammer, @_maryrankin_, quizzing: "Britney Jean what do you mean by HUSBAND??? You got married already? If so, love it!!!" Britney and Sam have been together since they met on the set of her 2016 music video Slumber Party - and since her conservatorship ended last year, the pair seem to have been inseparable. Sam, who acts and models when not working as a personal trainer, publicly announced last autumn that they were engaged after Brit was seen flaunting her ring. He took to Instagram Stories to joke: "Thank you for your concern about [getting a] prenup! "Of course we’re getting an iron clad prenup to protect my jeep and shoe collection in case she dumps me one day!"