Houseplants can be difficult to get to grips with, as different species have their own unique set of care instructions. However, if plants are beginning to feel under the weather, this may manifest itself in physical warning signs. These signs include leaves falling, turning brown or developing dark coloured spots. Luckily, gardening experts at Balcony Garden Web have advised plant owners on how to save dying houseplants. Maintaining healthy and productive plants can sometimes be quite difficult, and it is always good to learn some handy tricks – just like this one - for reviving dying houseplants. The gardening experts explained why rusty nails are beneficial for plants. They said: “Rusty nails contain iron oxide, a reddish brittle coating, which forms when iron and oxygen react together in the presence of moisture in the air. “Also known as ferric oxide, the rust in nails can provide iron to plants, which is beneficial for plants.” READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks The experts noted that plants require iron to stay healthy, but only in small amounts. They said: “The iron deficiency in plants can cause pale yellow and weak leaves, poor or stunted growth, stressful plants with leaf fall. “Iron is also essential for a few enzyme functions in several plants.” As rusty nails contain iron they are “vital” in helping a plant thrive. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home  [TIPS]Garden weeds: Use Epsom salt to ‘effectively’ kill weeds - ‘amazing!’ [EXPERT]Gardening: Tea can be used to water all plants - ‘it works!’ [COMMENT] The gardening experts said: “Because rusty nails contain iron, which is the main component of the various physiological and biochemical activity in plants, it is an important part of the vital enzymes like cytochrome and helps in chlorophyll synthesis. “Supplementing the plants with the iron oxide in nails will also help in chloroplast structure and function. “As a result, making them greener, healthy, and more active.” What’s more, rusty nails can slightly increase the soil acidity, which helps the acidic plants. The experts said: “While you may not be able to get the blue colour of hydrangea flowers by this hack, it definitely works for small container plants. “Similarly, gardenia, azalea, ixora, and many other plants benefit from this.” The gardening pros detailed two ways gardeners can carry out this hack. One of which is by creating rusty nail water to pour on the soil. The experts explained: “You can put your rusty nails to good use by submerging them in water for four to five days. “Once the water turns brown with the rust, use it to sprinkle on the leaves or water it the usual way.” The other hack is to stick rusty nails straight into the post around the houseplant. The gardening enthusiasts said: “Poke eight to 10 rusty nails in a pot around the plant. “Every time you’re going to water, the rust from the nails will help.”