Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge, wore a Catherine Walker ‘Sapphire’ coat and a matching pillbox hat by designer Sean Barrett to attend the Commonwealth Day Service at Westminster Abbey. The Duchess of Cambridge channelled Jackie Kennedy with her outfit but she's not the only one who likes the chic ensemble. Princess Eugenie donned a similar look for the christening of her son August. She was seen arriving at Windsor with her husband Jack Brooksbank last summer wearing a cream dress which she combined with a classy beige pillbox hat. Many fans took to social media to comment on the royal's look with Twitter user @Millennialal_ saying: "I got Jackie Kennedy vibes from Princess Eugenie and I’m loving it!" READ MORE: Weight loss: Woman loses 10st and maintains by cutting out 1 food Jackie Kennedy Onassis was an American socialite and first lady of the United States as the wife of President John F Kennedy. Stylist Melita Latham explained why many royals choose to recreate the iconic look: "Pillbox hats and coat dresses are reminiscent of Jackie Onassis from the 1960s. "Specifically a visit from 1962 where Jackie visited Queen Elizabeth II and 1966 when in London visiting her sister. "The pillbox hat and coat dress combined was a trend that Jackie started in her time in the White House.  "It's a style that is timeless and will forever be one that oozes elegance," she said. Melita continued: "At this time, Jackie was not only looked upon as a fashion icon, one that many looked up to, but also as an incredibly strong woman. "A widow who lost her husband under the gaze on the entire world's population, at probably the height of the cold war. "Both Kate and Eugenie opt for elegance when attending significant events. "Jackie was considered one of the most influential fashion icons of that era and clearly has influence today with Royal Family members. "Tailored coats and pillbox gowns are not of short supply when it comes to Kate. "Kate wore a classic cream pillbox hat when attending an Easter Sunday service at St George's chapel in Windsor, brown velvet pillbox hat at an annual St Patricks Day parade too. "With St Patricks Day and Easter just around the corner we eagerly wait in anticipation for Kate's pillbox hat to appear," Melita said. The fashion expert added: "One could also argue that Audrey Hepburn could have had influence on Jackie Kennedy in the 60s considering they both wore Givenchy's famous dress. "Which of us would not wish to be looked upon as a strong woman, but also as a beautiful and stylish woman. "Jackie, managed this seemingly without effort, but living through the events of her life, you'd imagine that mostly anything subsequent, would be a walk in the park."