Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame on Instagram when she started to share cleaning hacks. Now with more than four million fans, the social media sensation now shares family life. Her followers regularly share their own advice, including how to clean bathroom grout. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one group member asked for some grout cleaning advice. They wrote: “What is the best thing to get grout back white? I tried neat bleach and a toothbrush. I have a full bathroom of small tiles I don’t want to be scrubbing daily. “I want to try anything apart from re-grouting, especially when it’s privately rented.” Grout can turn several different colours including yellow and black. READ MORE: Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how If it turns yellow, it may be due to hard water because the minerals present can cause discolouration. If the grout turns black, it is likely to be mould and mildew building up, which can be hard to get rid of. Mrs Hinch fans shared their top tips with the group member in the comments. Karen Meenie commented: “I used Rainbow Chalk grouting pens, they were amazing and so quick and easy to use.” DON'T MISS:Average UK house price exceeds £260k for the first time [EXPLAINER]How to prevent 40% heat loss in your home as energy bills soar [COMMENT]Common decor mistakes homeowners are making - ‘bad idea’ [EXPERT] Rainbow Chalk grout pens can be purchased for around £3.50 in a variety of different colours. They can help tackle grout discolouration without any hassle. Karen added: “I bought mine from eBay. You just effectively colour the grout in, my grout was really grubby and it brought it up with one coat. If it’s particularly dark it may take a few goings over.” Maxime Brunt said: “A grout pens will take a matter of minutes!” Holly Maxwell added: “A white grout pen will save the day, made my grout look brand new, so cheap.” While grout pens may not be a permanent issue, they can be an affordable and easy way to help homeowners transform their homes. There is a huge variety of different brands on the market which can be picked up from any DIY store as well as some retailers like B&M. Other group members recommended using a dedicated mould and mildew remover to try and help tackle the issue. Limescale can also often build up in the bathroom especially on shower doors and on plugholes. Asking for help on the same page, Katie Burt wrote: “Please help, I’ve tried everything to get this off, any advice?” She shared a photo of her plughole which showed limescale surrounding the stainless steel. Limescale is more common in hard water areas and is caused by a build-up of calcium and magnesium. Dedicated limescale products can be used to get rid of it including one of Mrs Hinch’s favourite products, Viakal.