The entire incident was captured by CCTV cameras installed on the premises by the owner, which gave a clear view of the perpetrator. The rabbits quickly attracted the attention of the "billions" of prowling cats that live in the vicinity, leading the cute bunnies to fear for their lives. Now her sons want to give a home to their new pets and are "fighting" over what to call them. Recounting the incident on Mumsnet, she wrote: "I've come home to 2 terrified rabbits sitting in a cage in my garden. "The b****y things were surrounded by the billion cats that live here who are fascinated." She added: "I've relocated them to a very old rickety hutch from when we had rabbits a million years ago and chucked them some hay, carrots and water and told the DSs [dear sons] at least 72 times that we are not keeping them whilst they fight over names. "CCTV shows a woman dropping them over the gate. "She obviously didn't realise I've got CCTV and I have a nice clear view of her face." The boys' mum then sought advice from fellow users on whether she should publicly shame the woman in a Facebook post. She asked: "I mean I clearly won't be returning the rabbits but WIBU [would I be unreasonable] to stick her on Facebook in a "what the hell were you doing" post?" Her question prompted a mixed reaction from other users. Some argued that calling the woman out in public was counterproductive and unnecessary. One wrote: "They may have escaped and she thought she was doing a 'good turn' by popping them back? "Shaming people on Facebook is a bit extreme isn't it? READ MORE: Pet theft fears as catnapping soars by 40% in 2021 "Can't we just get annoyed privately these days?" Another suggested that the mum contact the RSPCA and get advice from the charity, or contact the police. However, there were those who backed the idea to shame the culprit. One said: "I don’t really understand what’s happened here?! "An unknown woman just dumped two rabbits in a hutch in your garden? DON'T MISSLondon's loneliest dog finally finds a forever home [NEWS]Gardeners warned over ‘fatal’ plants for pets this spring [SPOTLIGHT]Bombs and bullets won't stop Ukrainians loving pets [INSIGHT] "YANBU [you are not being unreasonable] to put the video on FB". Rabbits are a popular choice as pets for many families, according to the RSPCA. Around 900,000 are kept as pets in the UK. Most are related to the wild European rabbit. They are territorial animals and form complicated social structures. Rabbits are considered to be intelligent creatures and can be taught to respond to commands using positive reward-based training.