Lee Schofield was six months into his new job as senior site manager for the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds and he was excited but nervous to be presenting his revolutionary plan to rewild 7,400 acres of Lake District uplands.The oak-panelled meeting room was packed with local farmers keen to hear what might be in store for their prime grazing land, and Lee had no idea what he was up against. He finished talking, looked around the room, and waited. He didn't have to wait long. The insults came thick and fast. One of the countrymen - who appeared to have been asleep - suddenly stirred into life, like the Kraken rising from the deep. "He woke up with the intent of venting as much bile in my direction as possible," recalls Lee of that day in 2013. The RSPB plan was designed to restore the eco-system of centuries-old common land around Haweswater reservoir to recreate a landscape that would support the return of golden eagles, then in single figures, alpine flowers and other lost wildlife. "The farmers accused me of dismantling thousands of years of custom, of rural depopulation, getting rid of sheep that could trace their ancestry back to the Vikings and stopping the nation being able to feed itself," recalls Lee. He was so shaken, his wife Becki had to calm him down over the phone as he sat in his car outside the hall before driving home. A few years earlier, the young couple arrived in the area to run two upland hill farms rented by the RSPB. It had seemed like the perfect move. Lee and Becki, 41, met at university in London but she grew up in the Lakes and he had been raised in rural Devon, in the heart of dairy farming country. They married in a barn at Ullswater and had two children, Aphra, 10, and Elliott, 8. Whilst the Schofields felt their lives tightly interwoven with the fabric of this ancient landscape and its people, it soon became clear that the feeling was not reciprocated. Lee wanted to rebuild the eco-system from the bottom up, which involved changing some farming practices. It was a contentious plan. In 2017, the Lake District was designated a Unesco World Heritage Site, yet far from protecting the area, it bred yet more division, much of it aimed at Lee. "We had a visit from their steering group and we were basically told to our faces that they saw us as a "wart" on the face of the World Heritage site by not being authentic farmers," says Lee, 42, shaking his head. "To be described like that was extremely offensive. A lot of criticism was s targeted at me and it was really challenging." He turned for support to Rory Stewart, then MP for Penrith and nrith Secretary of State for International Development, who lost his seat in 2019. "On a visit, we talked him through our nature-friendly farming system, our plans for tree planting, hay-meadow and bog restoration, and how we believed it could all be done in sympathy with farming traditions. I thought we'd done a decent job." But according to an article on the MP's website not long after, he didn't see it that way. Lee claims Stewart gave a one-sided and not entirely accurate report of their conversation. "It also felt like he was poking fun at us," complains Lee, "saying me and my colleague were dressed like 'canoe instructors', a reference that made us distinct from farmers, and clear where Rory's allegiance lay." For Lee, whose book about his journey Wild Fell is out now, it was almost the final straw. "There were a handful of people spreading lies to discredit us. One rumour that our livestock were all at death's door due to maltreatment was particularly hurtful. It wasn't a happy place to be." With opposition mounting, Lee's resolve began to buckle and he took the difficult decision to start talking therapy "to keep some dark thoughts at bay" and started looking for another job. Depressed and demoralised, he took up running to improve his mental health and one day, out jogging, had an epiphany. "It occurred to me that I lacked a community. Many farmers here can trace their origins back for centuries, so I figured some of the hundreds of people in other local conservation groups like the Wildlife Trust and Natural England might help. I started forging links and now I'm part of a large network." Lee also learnt not to blame the custodians of the past for the sins of the present. The State of Nature report, first published by the Government in 2013 (and updated twice), makes depressing reading - 44 million fewer birds in the UK than 50 years ago, 97 percent of wildflower meadows lost since the Second World War, half the hedgehog population gone since 2000. Climate breakdown, pollution, invasive non-native species and disease all played a part but the single most important factor was intensive agriculture. It may come as a surprise to that room of angry farmers but Lee's now one of their staunchest defenders. "Farmers have always done what society has asked of them," he says. "For the past 70 years, the demand has been to produce as much food as possible, particularly post-war. Their success has been extraordinary - a rise in productivity of 150 percent." But it has come at a cost. There is no more sombre metaphor for this than the death of England's last golden eagle on the Lake's eastern fells in 2015 - two years after Lee arrived. Ironically, the birds were first drawn there because Haweswater was dammed to create a reservoir to supply water for industrial, over-populated e Manchester, and the village of Mardale was cleared of residents and flooded. "Every generation's drivers are different," says Lee. "We're tackling climate change and biodiversity loss. The people that came before us, their primary driver was producing as much food as possible." Whilst there have been devastating clearances of trees and diversion of water courses which have affected fish, wildlife and plant numbers, the Lake District still boasts some of the rarest, pristine habitats in its inaccessible peaks. The pyramidal bugle, England's rarest mountain flower, is found in just one location in the whole of the country, on a cliff ledge in Haweswater. "As a symbol of how fragmented and vulnerable so many of our wildlife habitats have become, this flower is important," says Lee. "But we've collected some seed and are regrowing it in our tree nursery and planting it out where it stands a better chance." It's one of many successful projects Lee has overseen. Using drone technology and ancient maps, straightened rivers have been returned to their natural meandering course and salmon numbers have swelled because they are now able to lay eggs in sheltered bends. The RSPB team has restored the hay meadows, which are providing wildlife habitats. There is widespread planting to protect low lying areas from flooding and to encourage birds and insects back. "There's a whole load of fear around changing the landscape - if it'll be less appealing for visitors, schools might close, locals will leave. So a big part of my job is telling people that change isn't something to be scared of and it can actually be really good for the local economy." Lee has commissioned a series of landscape visualisations to show what he hopes it will look like in 50 years. "It is the same rugged Lake District, beautiful and still accessible. The shape of the mountains is the same but it's got more trees and wildlife in it. We're seeing red kites returning and the critical thing is having sheep on enclosed land rather than wandering all over the place," Lee says. "We'd switch to native breeds of cattle and feral ponies and by expanding the woodlands, we'd expect the pine martens and beavers to make their way back." He plans to double the number of people working full time - raising livestock, building dry stone walls, hedge-laying, running ecotourism, doing conservation work and tree planting. But Lee says we all have a responsibility to care for the entire country - not just "honey spots" like the Lakes: "We have 20 million visitors a year, crazy numbers, and we need to make the whole of the UK appealing and accessible. "When you get these hotspots with cars, blocking up people's gates and hay meadows, it causes friction." Lee chooses to stay positive about the greater climate emergency: "I believe that we can pull ourselves back from this precipice. Like everybody, I worry that the future for our children is a frightening one. But there are good news stories out there." If he could chart his success by one thing it would be the widespread return of the globeflower. "I love it," he says. "It's part of the buttercup family and its lemon-yellow orbs appear sealed. Only one group of flies has worked out how to reach the nectar within. "When we started out, there was one plant growing in the whole of the valley. As a result of the changes we've made, there are probably a couple of hundred in the wet areas." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea