Fern Britton used to host This Morning alongside Phillip Schofield until 2009. In recent years, she has been seen on a slew of other TV shows, including Tipping Point: Lucky Stars. Fans of the star will know she has lost an impressive amount of weight recently. How did she do it? In various recent interviews, Fern Britton has opened up about her recent weight loss. The 64-year-old unveiled she has dropped from a size 22 to a size 12, losing an impressive five stone. To do this, Fern focused on her diet, reducing her carbohydrate intake and following a more balanced diet. The author also credited a gastric band for her transformation. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton's strict diet and exercise regime to keep in shape Fern decided to undergo a gastric band operation in 2006. Gastric bands are fitted around the stomach for those who want to lose a large amount of weight in a relatively easy way. They help slimmers lose weight by making them feel fuller with fewer calories each day. Additionally, Fern ate fewer carbohydrates and cut out microwave meals from her diet. DON'T MISS: Asda, Sainsbury’s and Aldi remove Russian products from shelves [NEWS]Meghan & Sophie ‘unhappy in each other’s company' - expert suggests [VIDEO]Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower ‘regularly’ [EXPERT] She opted for more home cooked meals and added more fruit and vegetables to her diet. “I needed to get healthy,” the TV presenter told The Daily Mail. “I wasn’t unhappy the way I was – I was unhealthy. “I’d been recovering from having children, having a divorce, all those emotional things.” Fern’s health wasn’t at its best as her knees had begun to hurt, and she had high cholesterol. The 64-year-old’s husband at the time, Phil Vickery, explained: “Fern has cut right back on carbohydrates and eats a really healthy diet now with loads of vegetables and fruit.” Fern also ate her husband’s home cooked meals. Phil added: “Family meals are old-fashioned favourites, like cottage pie or chicken with lots of veg and salad.” Reducing the amount of carbohydrates in your diet can greatly contribute to weight loss. Many nutrition experts have recommended following low-carb diets that are high in protein and fibre as these foods make you feel fuller for longer. Feeling fuller for longer enables the body to reach a calorie deficit, which means burning more calories than you consume. Cutting carbs is one of the simplest and most effective ways to lose weight, according to Healthline. The website continued: “Studies illustrate that people on low-carb diets lose more weight, faster, than those on low-fat diets – even when the latter are actively restricting calories. “This is because low-carb diets act to rid excess water from your body, lowering insulin levels and leading to rapid weight loss in the first week or two.” Low-carb foods to eat while following a low-carb diet include lean meats, such as sirloin, chicken breast or pork, fish, eggs, leafy green vegetables, nuts and seeds, fruit, and unsweetened dairy products.