While the legal requirement to wear face coverings indoors has been scrapped in England, the mask mandate in Scotland has remained on public transport and most indoor public settings due to a spike in coronavirus cases. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon attended the late Prince Philip’s memorial service at Westminster Abbey along with the Queen and the rest of the Royal Family.   It was the first major event this year attended by the 95-year-old monarch, who travelled by car from Windsor Castle with Prince Andrew. Political leaders, including Boris Johnson and Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer, were among the guests, as were representatives from European Royal Families, including from the Duke of Edinburgh's native Greece. Despite the memorial being a touching goodbye to the royal, Scottish Tory leader Douglas Ross has commented on the fact the First Minister was snapped without a face covering. He stated Ms Sturgeon had “used her own judgement” by choosing not to wear a face mask during the 45-minute service. READ MORE: 'A gift to Putin' Sturgeon slammed for posing 'threat' to NATO However, Mr Ross stated the First Minister was “treating the Scottish public like children” by refusing to grant them the same allowance. The Covid mask mandates in Scotland also remain in places of worship. Mr Ross said on Tuesday: “Nicola Sturgeon used her own judgement to choose not to wear a mask at the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service this morning – yet she won’t trust Scots to do the same. “Instead of treating the Scottish public like children, Nicola Sturgeon must allow Scots to take personal responsibility for their own safety. DON'T MISSLaura Kuenssberg's salary rises by £10k for new role [REVEAL]Brexit poll: Do YOU think the UK should rejoin the EU single market? [POLL]Westminster 'fury' over Welsh Government's stance on Queen booklet [INSIGHT]   “I hope her choice today indicates that she will be scrapping facemask requirements in Scotland.” Arguing the higher Covid rates in Scotland showed her restrictions had failed, he added: “All the SNP have achieved with their dithering and delays is to prolong the hardship of the public and businesses.” Ms Sturgeon's official spokesman commented on Mr Ross’ criticism, bringing attention to recent ‘partygate’ scandal fines which are set to be issued. The spokesman said: “This is utterly desperate deflection from Douglas Ross on the day it emerged 20 fixed penalty fines are to be handed out as a result of the appalling rule breaches in Downing Street, as Boris Johnson and his colleagues partied while the rest of the country made huge sacrifices.” Boris Johnson faced a renewed threat to his position over the ‘partygate’ scandal after the police decision to fine 20 people for lockdown breaches. However, the Met Office has made it clear this was only the first tranche of referrals.  