Kate was spotted cooing over a baby as she was meeting some of the hundreds of royal well-wishers gathered in Nassau on Friday. The Duchess of Cambridge was handed over the adorable child by the mother, with whom the royal exchanged a few words. The trio then posed for a picture, with Kate protecting with her umbrella the little one from the unforgiving rain. In a lucky coincidence, the baby was wearing a one-piece suit in the same shade of mint green of Kate's dress. During the walkabout and the first part of her full day of engagements in Nassau, the Duchess dazzled in a mint-green, pleated mid-length frock by London-based label Self-Portrait. She paired it with a crisp white pair of Jimmy Choo heels. Finally, she paid tribute to The Bahamas by donning a pair of intricately-designed gold hoops by local designer Nadia Irena. Kate's adorable meeting with the baby took place just a few weeks after she openly confessed working with young children make her want to have a fourth baby. While visiting Copenhagen in February on a fact-finding mission focused on the Danish world-leading approach to the early years, the Duchess was left stunned by two eight-month-old babies. She told their mothers: "It makes me very broody. READ MORE: Prince William's heartbreaking promise to Diana left her in tears "William always worries about me meeting under one-year-olds. "I come home saying, 'Let's have another one'." Kate had already hinted at the fact she may like to have another baby in the past. In February 2019, the Duchess admitted she felt "broody" as she met a five-month-old child. The baby's father, met during a visit to Northern Ireland, quipped: "Baby number four?" Kate replied with a laugh: "I think William would be a little worried." Almost one year later, as she was visiting Bradford, royal fan Josh Macpalce told the Duchess he had sent congratulatory cards after the birth of Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Kate told him: "I don't think William wants any more." Prince William showed to be aware of his wife's broodiness during an engagement the pair carried out together in January. During a visit to the organisation Church on the Street in Burnley, Lancashire, Kate posed for a picture with Anastasia - the baby daughter of a couple she met there, Trudi and Alastair Barrie. After William spotted Kate cooing over the baby, he quipped: "Don't give my wife any more ideas!" As Kate handed the baby back to her parents, William added: "Don't take her with you!" Kate and Prince William are ending their whirlwind tour of the Caribbean today. Since last Saturday, they visited Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas. In their last destination before travelling back to the UK, the Duke and Duchess met Philip Davis, the country's Prime Minister, and his wife Ann-Marie Davis. They also visited a primary school in Nassau, thanked key workers for their efforts during the pandemic and went head to head in a Platinum Jubilee regatta. Finally, they attended a reception hosted by the Governor-General.