The claims were made by investigative journalist and head of Bellingcat Christo Grozev. Mr Grozev discussed his insight into the developments within the Kremlin with the team of the Russian investigative newspaper, Novaya Gazeta. The interview was not allowed to be published in the newspaper as it was out-ruled by the Russian authorities. However, a video of the discussion was uploaded on YouTube and shared on social media. On Monday, Novaya Gazeta announced the suspension of its operation after receiving multiple warnings from Roskomnadzor, the Russian state media watchdog. During the interview, Mr Grozev was asked why the Russian Minister of Defence, Sergei Shoigu, hasn’t appeared in public for a long time. He was also asked whether he has any information about what his absence from the public view might be connected with. The journalist claimed: “Sergei Shoigu is located in bunkers or in one of the Russian governmental facilities that cannot be destroyed by a retaliatory strike - for example after a nuclear strike.” He added: “This is logical, it is not very strange and we are seeing constant flights of the Kremlin aviation including such aircraft that Shoigu was seen to be onboard to Ufa and back.” According to the expert, these planes began to fly only on the day of the beginning of the war, while the flights became even more frequent from March 2 onwards. Mr Grozev said: “Maybe he (Shoigu) is somewhere in the bunker. “These flights are done transparently and the transponders of the planes are not turned off.” READ MORE: Inside Putin's Siberian doomsday bunker ready for nuclear warPutin's spokesman dismisses nuclear threat and swats away Biden speechChernobyl horror as Putin troops inhaled 'clouds of radioactive dust' The journalist went on to say that there were other flights recorded towards northern parts of Russia, above the Ural Mountains. In these flights, he added, the transponders are turned off in the last half hour. He said: ”So, it’s likely that there are other, more ‘elite’ bunkers and ‘comfortable’ than those for the general staff. “These luxury bunkers are also hidden better than the one at Ufa.”