Piers Morgan, 56, issued a scathing attack on the Met Office after it revealed its International Women’s Day campaign. In a blistering tweet sent today, Piers urged the national weather service to “just give us the damn weather”. The broadcaster also accused the Met Office of “virtue-signalling” over the poster, which featured Met Office employees vowing to promote gender equality at work in different ways. One of the promises read: “I will maintain and promote generations equal mindset.” The Met Office captioned the image: “We’ll be sharing more stories from Met Office colleagues over on @MetOffice_Sci throughout the day.” Piers quote-retweeted the post, adding: “What is this c**p? READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update “There’s a war on, just give us the damn weather and pipe down with this absurd virtue-signalling nonsense.” Piers' remarks sparked a variety of reactions from other Twitter users. ThomQ23 said: “If even this war in Ukraine doesn't stop the woke nonsense then what will?” TheRealInsano enquired: “Can you please tell me what you mean by woke?” Derekabma joked: “You know, concern for gender and racial equality - all that extremist stuff.” The former Good Morning Britain host has been outspoken in his criticism of “virtue-signalling” activities. One of his most recent rants on the subject involved some of the outfits worn at the Met Gala 2021 last year. He reviewed some of the outfits worn by the attendees at the glitzy event in his Mail Online column. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan blasts Justin Trudeau after royal meeting with the Queen [LATEST]Eddie Boxshall pens emotional post to ex-fiancee Denise Van Outen [UPDATE]'Royal-trashing whine-a-thon' Piers Morgan stands by Meghan Markle row [INSIGHT] Piers wrote: "Where do I even start with this towering monument to hilarious hypocrisy and horrifically hideous 'haute couture'?" The journalist first took aim at model Cara Delevinge, who wore a top that read: “Peg the patriarchy.” He claimed that her outfit was a "supremely ironic piece of virtue-signalling for an event run by rich successful women and mostly populated by rich successful women". Piers then went on to label American politician and activist Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez a “hypocrite”. She had opted for a white dress which featured the words: "Tax the rich.” Piers wrote in the column: “Naturally, Ocasio-Cortez believed she was still being a good little socialist, disingenuously insisting that her only motivation for attending the fancy party was to prompt a debate about taxing the rich. “’We need to break the fourth wall and challenge some of the institutions,' she said. 'While the Met is known for its spectacle, we should have some conversations about it.' “Unfortunately for her, the only conversation about the Met Gala today is what a flaming hypocrite she is.”