On Thursday, after telling staff to discharge passengers and freight, P&O sent workers a pre-recorded video message informing them their "vessels will be primarily crewed by a third-party crew provider … Your final day of employment is today". Long-serving crew — nearly a quarter of staff — were removed from ships by former British special forces staff in Dover, Kent, and in Larne, near Belfast after being made redundant without prior notice. The redundancies, and the way they were handled, sparked widespread condemnation among the British public, flooding social media with furious messages against Dubai-based DP World, which owns the ferries. On Twitter, Jamie Phillips wrote: "F*** P&O Ferries. That’s no way to treat a workforce." User Christine said: "I think everyone should now boycott P&O ferries. "I certainly won't use them!" HAVE YOUR SAY: Should we kick P&O Ferries out of Britain? Tina Bob, along the same lines, claimed: "They've treated you terribly. I hope people boycott them." And Philip Sinclair added: "Appalling. No one should use P&O henceforward. No one." P&O said the decision had been made because it lost £100million year on year and it would "not be a viable business" without "swift and significant changes now". Julius Rt Hon The Lord Nicholson Of Arnage said: "Here's a thought... If 'P&O Ferries is not a viable business' and is making '100m loss year on year' perhaps they should be firing those who have been running the company and not their staff!" Darren Boyle argued: "If sacking all the staff and replacing them with cheaper labour is necessary, then the company doesn't deserve a future." P&O still employs another 2,200 people. The company operates major routes from the UK to the continent, including the Dover to Calais journey, one of the busiest sea-crossings in the world. It also provides crucial links between western Scotland and Northern Ireland, Liverpool and Dublin and Hull and Rotterdam – all of which have been cancelled for the next few days. In a statement, P&O said it "plays a critical role in keeping trade flowing, supply chains moving, and connecting families and friends" across places. But Twitter user David JW Bailey suggested: "If it is critical infrastructure, then the government should immediately nationalise all the ferries for £1." His words echo those of commentator and presenter Iain Dale, who, despite having spoken against nationalisations in the past, said the Government should bring the ferries under state control and "give £1 in compensation to this Dubai fund that owns it because they have been morally reprehensible". DON'T MISSHow to get a refund as Dover to Calais P&O route stopped [GUIDE]Every word of shocking P&O Ferries explanation for sacking 800 staff [INSIGHT]Why has P&O sacked its staff? [EXPLAINER] A further point of tension is the legality of P&O's plot to staff with cheaper agency workers. Michael Callaghan tweeted: "Employment lawyers should have a field day with this – I don’t think you can be made redundant from a role/job that continues to exist?" Unions and MPs across the political spectrum are casting doubts over the lawfulness of the sackings, as employers are required to consult workers before making them redundant, and those wishing to make more than 100 redundancies must notify the business secretary at least 45 days in advance. Mark Dickinson, the General Secretary of seafarers union Nautilus International, vowed "the full resources of Nautilus International stand ready to act in defence of our members". He told Radio 4’s Today Programme: "It is a dark day in the shipping industry. "I've been in this game for over 40 years and I've seen some curveballs and some shocking developments over those times, but this is a new low."