As a member of the Royal Family, Kate Middleton often wears jewels from the collections of the Queen and her husband's late mother, Princess Diana. But the Duchess of Cambridge has access to an incredible wealth of jewellery of her own. And sometimes Kate sports a citrine ring with a distinct yellow hue, and it is believed to have joined Kate's jewellery collection long before she became a royal. When Kate and William's youngest child Prince Louis was born in 2018, many guessed that Kate's citrine ring had been a 'push present' after welcoming their new baby. But now it is thought Kate was pictured wearing her dazzling citrine ring in her 20s, back when she was known as Prince William's girlfriend. Jack Cherry, Sales Consultant & Gemmologist at Queensmith, told Express.co.uk: "Citrine is a semi-precious quartz gemstone that boasts a lustrous, yellow-orange glow. "Natural citrine is a relatively rare gemstone. However, the citrine that populates the market is usually amethyst that has been heat-treated to coax out intense, deep yellow colours. READ MORE: Kate and William 'seem to get each other' on Caribbean royal tour  "There is no way of telling whether Kate’s citrine is natural or heat-treated by eye - but either way, it is a striking gem!" Kate's citrine ring isn't the priciest in her collection but it could be worth a five-figure sum, according to another jewellery expert. Mike Shotton, Jewellery Expert at Acotis Diamonds, told Express.co.uk: "Kate Middleton's citrine ring is an ultimate statement piece, making headlines for its value (estimated at £25,000)." Mr Shotton added that Kate's citrine ring "looks to roughly come in at around the 20-carat mark", and he described it as a "beautiful toasted honey-coloured gem".  Time and again, Kate has turned to her citrine ring while wearing gold and yellow outfits, such as at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding in 2018. Kate was also spotted accessorising the gem to her bright yellow dress courtside at Wimbledon in 2018. Notably, Kate also paired the ring perfectly with her show-stealing Jenny Packham gold gown for last year's premiere of the James Bond film, No Time To Die. Citrine is adored by jewellery lovers for its vibrant colour, and it traditionally holds a host of special meanings.  DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton steps out in shorts during Bahamas boat trip [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton's 'fascinating' style 'resonates' more than Meghan's [ANALYSIS]Kate Middleton's best Caribbean tour outfits in pictures [PICTURES] But for Kate, who has likely owned the ring for years, it is also thought her citrine ring represents "independence". Mr Cherry added: "While most jewellery Kate wears is assumed to be from the royal collection, she actually wore this citrine beauty on her 26th birthday, suggesting this is a personal piece. "Some relate her wearing of the citrine ring to a sign of independence. "Throughout history, gemstones adopt symbolic meaning - citrine is recognised as a gem of optimism, hope, and happiness." 