Vladimir Putin has been widely condemned for orchestrating Russia's invasion of Ukraine in late February. But as the country grapples for its freedom, Ukraine has been able to count on global support, with several royals across the world voicing their support, including Prince Charles and the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Prince Charles condemned the "brutal aggression" of Russia's attack on Ukraine while visiting Essex earlier this week. Speaking as Southend-on-Sea was due to be granted city status in the wake of the killing of MP Sir David Amess, Charles said: "What we saw in the terrible tragedy in Southend was an attack on democracy, on an open society, on freedom itself. "We are seeing those same values under attack today in Ukraine in the most unconscionable way. "In the stand we take here, we are in solidarity with all those who are resisting brutal aggression." READ MORE: Kate in cheeky reference to Charlotte as she joins forces with Camilla  The King and Queen of the Netherlands penned a heartfelt message last month, stating their thoughts were "very much" with the Ukrainian people. They wrote: “Our hearts go out to the people of Ukraine and everyone affected by the violence. "Our thoughts are very much with the people there and with the Ukrainian community in the Netherlands, who will be anxious about the situation of their families and friends”.  In a statement on Twitter last weekend, Kate and William expressed their support for the President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelensky. The Cambridges said: "In October 2020 we had the privilege to meet President Zelenskyy and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine’s future. "Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine’s people as they bravely fight for that future. W & C". President Zelensky replied on Twitter: "Olena and I are grateful to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge @RoyalFamily that at this crucial time, when Ukraine is courageously opposing Russia's invasion, they stand by our country and support our brave citizens. Good will triumph." DON'T MISS:POLL: Do YOU think it's fair to Camilla that Kate is more prominent? [POLL]Prince William in line for 'very quick' change when Charles is king [ANALYSIS]Camilla gets teary-eyed as she makes ‘substantial’ donation [INSIGHT]  Crown Prince Haakon outlined his support for Ukraine during a briefing this week with the general secretary of Save the Children, general secretary of the Norwegian Refugee Council and the foreign chief of the Norwegian Red Cross. As per Royal Central, the future Norwegian king said: “It is war in Europe. People are being killed and people are fleeing. But there are also many who fight and resist. "It is important that we take care of each other, and that we preserve our humanity and that we see people as they are: people. Both Ukrainian and Russian people should feel safe in Norway”.  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex issued a statement last week on their Archewell website following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Harry and Meghan encouraged the world to "stand with the people of Ukraine" in a short but poignant message. The couple said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex and all of us at Archewell stand with the people of Ukraine against this breach of international and humanitarian law and encourage the global community and its leaders to do the same." 