All the focus at Manchester United is currently on the underperforming team following their disappointing goalless draw against relegation-threatened Watford on Saturday. That is entirely understandable, given the competitive nature of the race for a place in the Premier League’s top four – but there is something else going on at the club which requires attention.       United are in a strange position at the moment, being led by an interim manager who only arrived in November and who knows he will be asked to step aside in the summer. When sacking Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, the club hierarchy opted for a stop-gap appointment to allow them to properly think out the next steps. Those next steps are currently in the works, with chief executive Richard Arnold, football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher leading the search for, what they hope, will be the club’s next long-term manager. Ever since Sir Alex Ferguson retired in 2013 they have been looking for that man. With David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, they failed to find him. United need to get the next appointment right in what promises to be an absolutely crucial summer for a club approaching a crossroads. JUST IN: Rangnick's 'dreaming' admission poses concern over Man Utd transfers  After the 0-0 draw at Old Trafford against Watford, many supporters’ minds drifted to the summer transfer window. That is understandable given the current malaise in attack, continued stasis in midfield and state of flux at full-back, but really the manager should come before any thoughts of player transfer strategy for now. Get the manager right and then build the recruitment around it, not the other way around. DON'T MISS Man Utd 'make decision' on Cristiano Ronaldo and Martial's future Liverpool hero McAteer mocks Man Utd suit decision in viral video Man Utd's Cristiano Ronaldo regret as costly £4m error comes to light  United have been more guilty than most clubs of splashing cash and hoping for the best in recent years – they have spent a remarkable £1.85 billion on players since Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. Yet their record in hiring managers comes in stark contrast to their free-wheeling approach to the transfer market. Moyes’ Everton contract was about to expire and was Ferguson’s pick as his successor. Van Gaal was coming to the end of his spell in charge of the Netherlands. Mourinho was available after being sacked by Chelsea. Solskjaer was easy to tempt back from a job with Molde. Rangnick came from the relative backwaters of a job as head of sports and development at Lokomotiv Moscow. United are quite happy to pay £89million for Paul Pogba, £80m for Harry Maguire and £73m for Jadon Sancho.  But when it comes to picking a manager they appear reluctant to rock the boat and hire someone who is already in a prominent position and will require an outlay in terms of compensation. It is a point which former United midfielder Roy Keane made astutely while on the panel for Sky Sports production, The Overlap, last week. “It’s as if they won’t go to prise a top manager away from a club,” he said in front of a live audience.  “People say, ‘Well, he’s already tied up with a club’. But if you really want a manager, the same as you want a player, you go and get him. “You go and get the manager you think is the right manager for your club. None of this, ‘He’s not available for two years’. If he’s the right manager for Man United, go and get him. Pay the money, whatever it takes. Because you pay fortunes for players.” Keane went on to advocate for the hiring of Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone, who has won two La Liga titles, two Europa League trophies and the Copa del Rey in 11 years with the Spanish side.  “He’s done great things,” Keane said. “Big character, big personality, doesn’t mess round with players. Go and get Simeone.” The fact Simeone does not speak English is a problem when it comes to Manchester United. But Keane’s point remains a good one nevertheless. Whether it is Paris Saint-Germain’s Mauricio Pochettino, Ajax’s Erik ten Hag, or one of the other names in the frame who they want, United must pick from the very top of the shelf when it comes to hiring a manager this summer. They simply cannot afford to get it wrong once more. 