But since its invasion of Ukraine, the country can also lay claim to influencing nearly three-quarters of the world’s sunflower oil exports, which is expected to lead to severe supply disruptions of cooking oil. Before the Russian invasion, Ukraine accounted for 46% of global sunflower oil exports, with Russia accounting for 23%. Ukraine was also the second highest exporter of rapeseed oil in 2019 behind Canada. That means our reliance on oil in Europe and the West goes much further and will drive-up prices of cooking and vegetable oils at a time when consumers are already feeling the pinch. Vegetable oils are key contributors to the ongoing inflationary pressure, rising 136% over the last 2 years according to the Food and Agriculture Organization. If the conflict in Ukraine has taught us anything, it’s that France and Germany needs to re-evaluate who its real friends are. The aggression of Russia has resulted in a need to form relationships and alliances with those it has isolated previously, including Malaysia and Indonesia on palm oil. France and Germany have been guilty of short-termism and double standards by sticking with a damaging protectionist agenda, rather than preparing for a long-term agenda of forming alliances beyond the Great Bear, protecting supply lines and building an infrastructure and production of oil and gas, rather than be overly reliant on Russia, as Germany has found itself. Yet French President Macron has spent the past two years on the campaign trail criticising palm oil and burning bridges with the world’s largest palm oil producers in Malaysia and Indonesia, which produce 84% of total palm oil. The French EU Presidency has been pushing for a protectionist external EU ‘climate’ tariff, something that will hit consumers hard. The EU’s obsession with deforestation is a worthy cause, but it’s deliberate focus on Malaysia is nothing short of myopic when the biggest deforestation drivers are beef and soy farming, with palm oil only accounting for just 3.8% of global deforestation, and, despite 90% of the palm oil imported into Europe being sustainably sourced, China and Russia remain the biggest threats to the environment and the main causes of climate change globally.  Interestingly, the invasion of Ukraine is playing havoc with commodities in which France is a direct competitor, including wheat and oils. With one major agricultural competitor under military occupation and facing devastation, Macron is looking across Asia, beyond Russia, to Indonesia and Malaysia, at ways to stop competing oil products from reaching European shelves. We have wagged our finger at the Russian Bear with gusto, threatening her with enforced hibernation as winter turned to spring. From the high pulpit of righteousness, the leaders of the civilised world decried the invasion to the top of their lungs, announced sanctions in lockstep but imposed them with extreme reluctance. In doing so, they exposed the brittle nature of their own ethical standards. Close to 90% of France largest blue-chip companies listed on the French stock exchange remain active in Russia. Some, like Leroy Merlin, are even expanding as competitors are leaving the market. In addition, while Emmanuel Macron allegedly found the time to dress up as a Village-People version of Ukraine President Zelensky ahead of the French Presidential election, presumably in support of the beleaguered nation, he saw no contradiction in giving Renault his and the French government’s blessing to continue operating in Russia. Further, with over USD 25 billion of exposure, French banks are among the largest lender in Russia, data from the Bank of International Settlement shows. France’s position, however, goes beyond keeping her business toe in Russia.  The country is the political head of the European Union. As such, and against all council for reform, she has fought tooth and nail over decades to keep its farming and fishing population subsidised by more credulous members, such as the United Kingdom. For Germany: Sanctions on Russia? Absolutely. So long as these exclude oil, gas and coal. So said Olaf Scholz, her lionised Chancellor, and Robert Halbeck, a Green, and Business Secretary, currently in office. As he said about the concept of energy sanctions on Russia: “I would even oppose it because we would endanger social peace in the republic.” Under relentless pressure from the millenarian German Green Party, this European manufacturing behemoth dismantled her entire nuclear energy sector over a decade, turned her back on France, her supposed EU “partner” and ran headlong into Russia’s embrace – for the Climate. Judging them by their actions, Greens pushed their agenda for the sake of political expediency and Germany, while she voted against Russia at the United Nations, is in fact on her side.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Germany is sending hard currency back Putin’s way, directly funding his war machine. The performance of his troops notwithstanding, Putin’s war has become relatively cheap and is funded by those who directly and indirectly dismantled Western Europe’s hydrocarbon infrastructure and potential alternatives to Russia’s oil, hoping against hope that a greener more sustainable alternative would materialise. And when none was truly available, the Zealots decided to plough on regardless and to sacrifice our future and energy security on the altar of their moral conviction. 