The Queen was accompanied into Prince Philip's memorial service by her son, Prince Andrew and his appearance has led to speculation as to whether this marks his reintroduction into royal life. Speaking to GB News, former royal correspondent Charles Rae discussed the prominent role of the Duke at the memorial but said that his attendance does not mean "a rehabilitation of Prince Andrew is going to happen". He added the Duke "is in the wilderness and will remain in the wilderness", although admitting that "we may see him occasionally". Mr Rae said: "You would have expected to see him yesterday, in any case, because it was his father." Speaking of the Queen's motherly nature, the former royal correspondent said that the Duke's appearance shows that the Queen "still puts her family first" He continued: "Mothers tend to be a lot more understanding about their children and other members of the family." The Queen travelled from Windsor with Prince Andrew and Mr Rae admits that "someone had to be with Her Majesty for support, just in case". READ MORE: Royal row: Prince Andrew sparks fierce conflict with Queen – Charles and William not happy When speaking of the choice of Prince Andrew being the one to accompany the Queen, he said "he was the only one who could do it because everyone else was with the partners". The memorial, which was held at Westminister Abbey, had nearly 2,000 guests in attendance. Guests included Philip's family and friends, more than 30 foreign royals, and 500 representatives from charities and organisations of which he was patron. The memorial service took place almost one year after the death of the Duke of Edinburgh. Prince Philip passed away in April 2021 and his funeral was held during the third UK lockdown which meant only 30 people could attend. READ MORE: Prince Harry branded 'spoiled brat' for 'sulking in California mansion' as Queen struggles The monarch only confirmed her attendance at the Service of Thanksgiving shortly before it commenced. Until the morning of the service, it was uncertain if she would be in attendance due to recent ill health and suffering from poor mobility. Her ill health has prevented her from travelling to recent official engagements which have resulted mainly in cancellation or other members of the Royal Family representing her. The Queen arrived at Westminster Abbey with the Duke of York by her side, holding on to his elbow as she moved slowly to her seat with the aid of a walking stick. DON'T MISS 'You think they're scroungers?' Brit erupts at Royal Family [VIDEO]Ukrainians forced to drink sewage water as Russian atrocities exposed [INTERVIEW]Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William tipped to 'take control' [LIVE BLOG] Palace aides are said to be concerned about the 95-year-old's frail health. The memorial was her first official public outing this year after testing positive for Covid-19 last month. Her Covid-19 diagnosis came shortly after it was confirmed that Prince Charles and Camilla had tested positive.