As Putin’s invasion entered its seventh and bloodiest day, fighting intensified with strikes on all fronts. And scores died. In a televised address, defiant Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky – now a symbol of the proud nation’s courage – told his citizens the Russians “know nothing about our capital, about our history”. But he said: “They have an order to erase our history. Erase our country. Erase us all.” Mr Zelensky, unshaven and wearing a military T-shirt, inset, said the West’s response had not been enough and called for more international support, including backing Ukraine’s bid to join the European Union. He said: “This is no time to be neutral.” The Ukrainian ambassador to the UN later told an emergency session: “The clear goal of Russia is not occupation, it is genocide.” On the ground in Ukraine, it was a day of fast-moving military assaults, with missile attacks across the country. But all eyes were on Kyiv, where Russian artillery and tanks were last night preparing to encircle the besieged city. After making slow progress, Putin’s 40-mile military convoy was finally edging towards the capital from the north. Another convoy approached from the south-east – and analysts feared the Russians may fully surround Kyiv, before commanders are ordered to “crush” all resistance. But brave Ukrainians citizens remained defiant. One woman even said she had become “used to” bombs. Anastasiia Bulanienkova, 30, from Kyiv, has been sheltering in her parents’ house in the village of Bobritsya. She said: “The first day was awful. There would be an explosion and everybody would be nervous. “Two days ago I was in Kyiv and I met a neighbour and asked about the bombings there. He said it’s [become] normal.” Multiple explosions could be heard as Anastasiia spoke. She said: “I can hear the bombs and my house is shaking. But I guess it’s scarier that we’re now just used to it.” Authorities said the Kyiv civilian neighbourhoods of Rusanivka, Kurenivka and Boiarka, and an area near Kyiv International Airport, had all come under attack. There was also a loud explosion at Bila Tserkva, after a fuel depot was bombed. The Russian defence ministry yesterday warned residents to leave the capital. Thousands tried to. Footage from Kyiv station showed throngs of people, many with children, trying to cram onto a packed train. Last night there was a powerful rocket strike near the station, which may have cut off heating supplies amid freezing temperatures. The city of Kharkiv was pummelled by missiles. But despite the onslaught, the city’s governor Oleh Synegubov, said all Russian attacks “were repulsed”. He added: “The Russian enemy suffered significant losses.” Barricades have been set up around the huge facility in Zaporizhzhia as Russian troops prepare to launch an assault on the city. But there are warnings there could be a “catastrophe” if the nuclear plant is damaged. In Energodar, brave citizens blocked the roads to save the nuclear power plant. Mayor Dmytro Orlov said: “We won’t let Russians take a step in the city.” Despite Russian gains yesterday, UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said: “The Russians are considerably behind their schedule – by days not hours – and that leads to stresses on their logistical supply chains. “They have also been surprised by the strength of the Ukrainian resistance.” But Putin’s forces appeared to be making more gains in Kherson – Ukraine’s largest city – and the port of Mariupol. There are also fears over Europe’s biggest nuclear plant in south-eastern Ukraine. Putin’s actions continued to spark fury around the world. In his State of the Union address, American president Joe Biden announced the closure of US airspace to Russian planes. He added: “Putin may circle Kyiv with tanks, but he will never gain the hearts and souls of the Ukrainian people.” Four Russian fighter jets briefly violated Swedish airspace over the Baltic sea yesterday. In a statement the Swedish Armed Forces said: “We view this event very seriously.”