Arsenal icon Paul Merson has aimed two digs at Manchester United and insists the Red Devils will be beaten to a top-four Premier League spot by his former side. Arsenal leapfrogged their Manchester rivals into fourth last weekend after defeating Watford at Vicarage Road. After a summer of promise, United have endured a tumultuous season and have struggled to build any significant momentum throughout the current campaign. Former manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was given his marching orders in November following an egregious run of form as Ralf Rangnick came in to replace him on an interim basis. But United haven’t fared too much better under the German, who doesn’t appear to be getting the best out of his players, although they are losing less matches. And Merson has dug out Rangnick’s team due to the contrasting fortunes of Arsenal’s Bukayo Saka and the Red Devils’ Marcus Rashford. “When you look at Bukayo Saka now and then at Marcus Rashford, it's strange to see how one just keeps going forward and the other is going backwards at the moment,” Merson told Sky Sports. MUST READ: Berbatov suggests Ronaldo's potential Man Utd exit plan - EXCLUSIVE “A year or two years ago it was Rashford who was flying, but at the moment Saka is making all the right decisions. “Everything he is doing at the moment is coming off for him. He is at the top of his game.” United only appointed Rangnick until the end of the season. And Merson has called out the 13-time Premier League champions for not having a plan. “[Arsenal] have stuck by Mikel Arteta and looked at the all-round picture,” Merson continued.   “There have been times where they could have got rid of Arteta, and then what would they have done? Bring in an interim manager, just go nowhere and get stuck? “It has taken a bit of time, but Arsenal really have done well. They have bought in players for a reason and not just for the sake of it. “In contrast, you look at Manchester United and they aren't taking a similar course. They are just drifting along and there is no change coming, which is really sad for the biggest club in the world.” United will go back above Arsenal on Saturday if they defeat Tottenham at Old Trafford in the early evening kick-off.  But Merson believes the north Londoners will eventually take the final Champions League qualifying spot come the end of the campaign. “A top-four finish is definitely Arsenal's to lose,” added the former England attacker. “They've got the games in hand, and while it is not the easiest fixture list in the world, they are playing really well. “They do have to play Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester United and Spurs, but they are in form. “They still have to get the job done in the games we expect them to win, but they are in a great position.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 