Arsenal have reportedly held an initial meeting with Bukayo Saka's agent as they begin talks over a new contract for the winger. Saka's current contract runs until 2023 with the club having an option to extend it for a further campaign. There is no question that Arsenal would take up that option. Saka has again been one of the club's standout performers this season. The 20-year-old has nine goals and five assists to his name in 28 Premier League appearances this term. Saka is one of a number of hugely exciting young players to flourish under Mikel Arteta. But he is arguably the best of the bunch, so securing him to a new contract will be vital. And it appears Arsenal are starting their attempts to do just that. READ MORE: Aubameyang goal celebration explained after Barcelona thump Real Madrid  The Athletic claims there has been a meeting between the club and Saka's agent to discuss the player's future. Arsenal are claimed to have stressed their desire to resolve Saka's situation as quickly as possible. The report says there are two factors that are likely to have a say in whether Saka signs a new deal or not. The first is the financial package Arsenal are willing to offer. The second is whether or not the Gunners can qualify for the Champions League this season. They currently sit fourth in the Premier League table, three points clear of rivals Tottenham with a game in hand. Despite their position in the league, Arsenal's top four ambitions are far from being certain. They still have to travel to Chelsea and Tottenham, as well as hosting Manchester United at the Emirates. DON'T MISSTottenham boss Conte names wonderkid with 'brilliant future' after West Ham win [QUOTES]Arsenal boss Arteta may give up on flop after nightmare showing vs Aston Villa [COMMENT]Man Utd boss Rangnick told of Paul Pogba replacement who could save millions [QUOTES]  Saka confirmed earlier this month his and the club's desire to be in the Champions League. He said: "This is the dream this year to be in the top four and qualify for Champions League football. "We have to stay humble and focus on ourselves." Last month, Arteta confirmed talks were set to be held over a new contract for the forward. The Spaniard said: “It is a conversation we are going to have with the player, then his agent, his family — [talks] which are going to be extremely important as well — so everybody is on board. Obviously, our desire is to keep Bukayo as long as possible, because we are really happy. "He is part of our club, our DNA, he is growing, he is maturing. His importance in the team is unquestionable and we want to keep our best talent, that’s for sure." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 