James Martin, 49, has shared how radio presenter and close friend Chris Evans reacted when he first told him he was thinking of leaving BBC’s Saturday Kitchen. Speaking on the Talkshire podcast last month, James admitted he didn’t realise the extent of the show’s popularity and impact until he spoke to the Virgin Radio DJ. The Yorkshire-born TV chef was asked about what he loves when it comes to sharing his culinary experiences with viewers. James said: “It didn’t really hit me until I left Saturday Kitchen, which is five years ago now. “I didn’t realise how big a deal it was. “And I genuinely mean that. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty missing from show as BBC Breakfast host replaced “And I remember saying to Chris Evans, before I announced the fact, that I was leaving and he spat his drink out, he couldn’t believe it.” James didn’t mention if Chris gave him any advice, or if he had been too stunned to speak. The star spoke about wanting a challenge being part of the reason he left, saying: “I didn't do it for any other reason. "I just wanted a different challenge and bits and pieces.”  James hosted Saturday Kitchen from 2006 and worked with the BBC for 10 years before he left. He went on to join ITV’s James Martin’s Saturday Morning in 2017. However, his TV career first began back in 1996. The former Strictly Come Dancing contestant said he enjoys endorsing other chefs and their restaurants, giving them “a voice and a platform to showcase what they do”. DON’T MISS:ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home [NEWS]Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts [NEWS] Sally Nugent 'stopped in tracks' over BBC Breakfast admission [LATEST] James added that he always gives genuine recommendations. When recommending a restaurant on TV, he has found that viewers respond positively and often book the aforementioned restaurants in their droves - something other chefs are grateful for. Chefs have been telling James just how busy they’ve been after appearing on TV alongside him. James explained: “In terms of a chef, called Gareth Ward, he told me the other day, he said, ‘[I’m] coming on your show’. “He did a great fish menu, all that sort of stuff. “He said, ‘Coming on your show [James Martin’s Saturday Morning], I filled my restaurant for three months." James was also asked about what it was about becoming a chef that appealed to him when he was younger. He candidly replied: “Honestly, I was c**p at everything else. “I wasn't very good at anything else and I knew I could do it from quite a young age. “I didn't find it easy but I found it easier than anything else I was doing.” The chef went on to add that he struggled academically, because - he later realised - he had dyslexia.