Darren Grimes, 28, took to social media to express his pride in Brexit Britain for its response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The Eurosceptic campaigner, who now hosts his own show on GB News, told his 189,000 Twitter followers that Remainers were wrong to underestimate the UK on the world stage. He wrote: "They told us that post-Brexit Britain would be smaller, isolated and mean spirited. "The one thing that this horrendous war has shown, with crystal clarity, is how very wrong they were. "I feel immensely proud of the British response." Mr Grimes, who won his appeal against the Electoral Commission after it fined the ex-BeLeave campaigner £20,000 in 2018, previously worked as a deputy editor on the political website BrexitCentral and as the digital manager at the free market Institute of Economic Affairs think tank. During the 2016 referendum, the Britain Stronger in Europe campaign claimed: "If we want Britain to be a leader in the world, we need to be in Europe helping to take the big decisions." JUST IN: John McDonnell ABANDONS Corbyn's Ukraine rally after Starmer threatens him with suspension When David Cameron, 55, appeared on Sky News' keynote referendum debate, the ex-Prime Minister said: "In the European Union, with 27 countries behind us, we can take a stronger lead in... standing up to Russian aggression." Despite Mr Cameron's comments, Boris Johnson, 57, led the way in pressuring Germany to change tack on some of the sanctions it had imposed. Initially, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz, 63, opposed the proposal to exclude Russia's financial institutions from SWIFT. The UK was also singled out by MPs in Kyiv for offering support to Ukraine. READ MORE: Ukrainians told to KEEP Russian tanks by government Before Russia launched its invasion on February 24, parliamentarians in the Rada held up two Union Jacks, alongside the flags of NATO, Canada, Czechia, Denmark, Estonia, Latvia, Poland, Turkey and the USA. But Remainer campaigners, including Mike Galsworthy, 46, claim Brexit Britain has appeared isolated in the ongoing crisis. He said on Twitter: "Ukraine now negotiating to join the EU. "So much for Brexit having a 'domino effect' of countries leaving. DON'T MISS:Galloway launches scathing attack on Starmer over Brexit failures [REACTION]Russian ace Pavlyuchenkova in 'fear' after condemning Ukraine invasion [WATCH]SNP President shamed as he links Ukraine hell to Scottish independence [UPDATE] "We just isolated ourselves on our own continent and for nothing." Mr Johnson is also under pressure to match Brussels' sanctions on Russian oligarchs, according to the Times. But not all Brexit critics seem to agree. Speaking earlier in the Ukraine crisis, Washington's former ambassador to the EU Anthony Gardner, 58, said: "As bad as Brexit has been, I fully admit that a significant upside is that the UK can act swiftly in foreign affairs including Ukraine rather than being dragged into endless EU waffle. "No doubt this has been noticed in Washington."