  Motsi Mabuse took to Twitter to share the news that her parents in law, who were trapped in Ukraine, will be reunited with their family tonight. The Strictly star's husband Evgenij Voznyuk is Ukrainian and his parents were forced to hide out in bunkers amid Russia’s invasion.      Motsi, 40, told her fans that she and Evgenij were “extremely relieved” but that they were still “so sad” about the citation unravelling in Ukraine. In view of her 72,800 Twitter followers, she wrote: “My parents in law will be arriving tonight from Kharkiv! “We are extremely relieved but at the same time, we are still so sad about this whole situation. “After our first load of donation delivery to Ukraine this week, we are going to work on a way to keep supporting everyone.” READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update      Motsi has been keeping her friends and followers up to date on the struggle of her husband’s parents to leave Ukraine, as the country’s death toll continues to rise. The pair were desperate to flee to Germany via the Polish border but things didn’t look too promising, as Motsi previously put out concerning posts on social media saying she had “no idea” how they would be able to escape. Last week, Motsi reassured fans that she was in contact with Evgenij’s parents but explained the terrifying situation the city of Kharkiv continues to face. She wrote: “They spent more than half the day yesterday in the bunkers!      “In Kharkiv, there are heavy battles so we can’t get to them! “At the moment there is nothing we can do. We did try to get them earlier in Germany.” However, Evgenij’s parents have since managed to escape and Motsi’s followers took to the comment section to send their best wishes to the star’s family. Sal Goodwin wrote: “I have been waiting for you to have this news. Huge relief for you. Very very difficult time.” (sic) READ MORE... 'Horrible, tragic' Martin Lewis bids farewell after worrying warning [LATEST] ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [NEWS] Alex Scott talks co-star Gary Lineker's rare 'emotional' on-air moment [NEWS]      Alice Anne Faith commented: “So pleased they’ll be able to have a safe place to be now. Ukraine will pull through and one day they can return home if they want.” Carrie Bugeja added: “Glad they will be safe with you this must have been a very scary time.” (sic) Jaz penned: “I’m so so glad that your parents in law are safe!!! Sending you all love.” While Ginger wrote: “Thank you Motsi for using your platform and making this terrible time personal and real, I'm so glad your family are safe. We are family we shouldn't forget it.” (sic)      A few days ago, the Strictly judge admitted that amidst the chaos, the horrifying situation made her realise who her friends are. The star revealed that there were now some people she could simply never welcome into her life due to their opinion on the conflict. On Monday she wrote on social media: “This situation also makes me how I could never, ever be friends with some people , friendly , politeness yes but never friends because we care about different things which is fine but also a reminder for me.” (sic) Motsi shares a three-year-old daughter with Evgenij, who is also a dancer.   