U2 singer Bono and US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi have been ridiculed on social media for the past day over a St Patrick's Day poem. Ms Pelosi, the third most powerful politician in the US, read aloud Bono's poem about the Ukraine war in honour of St Patrick's Day. It did not take long for the pair to be bashed and mocked, with some calling it the "worst poem ever written". Bono's poem included lines: "They struggle for us to be free / From the psycho in our human family. "Ireland's sorrow and pain/ Is now the Ukraine. "And Saint Patrick's name now Zelenskyy." Ms Pelosi read the poem in front of US lawmakers at the White House’s annual 'Friends of Ireland' luncheon yesterday. JUST IN: ‘No hesitation’ Defector issues chilling nuclear warning She followed up the bizarre poem by awkwardly introducing a Riverdance performance. Leading Fox News host Tucker Carlson did not hold back with his tongue-in-cheek response to the poem. He said: "Today Pelosi may have unveiled the most powerful weapon in her armament which she is sending directly to Ukraine. "It is not a missile. It is a poem - by Bono of U2." Mr Carlson remarked that Ms Pelosi read the poem as if she "had just ended the war" in Ukraine. Ben Domenech, the publisher of the conservative Federalist, tweeted: "Is this a prank? Did someone pretend to be Bono and send it to her?" Fox News contributor Joe Concha said the poem "was an insult to our intelligence". He added: "This is the third most powerful person in the country. She is acting profoundly odd." One Twitter user @serentrippety remarked: "Trigger warning: Bono’s poem may induce death by cringe. However bad you imagined it to be, it’s way worse than that." DON'T MISS: Putin's caused China 'terrible embarrassment' as Xi regrets alliance [INTERVIEW]Putin humiliated as cameras CUT OFF speech in front of thousands [VIDEO]Ukraine war LIVE: Russian paratroopers facing massacre [LIVE BLOG] Bono later rushed to downplay the poem, saying it "wasn't written to be published". One commentator on YouTube Ray Caster remarked: "Biden, Harris, and Pelosi this would be a bad joke if it wasn't so disastrous for our country." This follows President Biden's own blunder yesterday as he joked "I may be Irish but I am not stupid" in his St Patrick's Day speech. Bono's intervention struggled to have the impact of fellow celebrity Arnold Schwarzenegger on the war in Ukraine. Mr Schwarzenegger was widely praised yesterday for a video address to the Russian people which was quickly trending on Russian Twitter. Unlike Bono, his intervention has been applauded by Russians who oppose the war in Ukraine.