Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield were joined by Royal Correspondent Camilla Tominey and Gyles Brandreth on Monday's This Morning as they reflected on the latest developments in Ukraine. They spoke about families trying to flee and what the UK public has been doing to help those in need. At the end of the segment, Holly, Camilla, and Phillip were all in tears as they watched a viral video of a young Ukrainian girl singing Frozen, Let It Go The team discussed the positivity and morale the people of Ukraine continue to share with one another. Holly said: "Despite the ongoing war, the resilience and morale amongst Ukrainian people remains extraordinarily high. "We have seen many acts over the weekend, a newlywed military couple were pictured getting married on the Ukrainian front lines. "Love finds a way, you wonder what their married life is going to look like, many of us are optimistic when we say those vows. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? "You sort of look at them there, and you think what life are they going into together," she expressed. She soon spoke about the viral video which surfaced of a young girl in a bomb shelter in Kyiv singing Let It Go in Ukrainian. The video then played for the viewers at home to watch, as the clip ended, the four of them were sat in silence, not knowing what to say. Holly emotionally said: "There is such innocence, isn't there." Gyles interrupted and commented: "We are seeing the worst of humanity and the best of humanity in this crisis, aren't we." Camilla then realised the girl in the video was the same age as her youngest and said: "I haven't seen that before actually. "She is the age of my youngest daughter, it's awful." "It's awful," Holly choked, unable to fight back tears, with Phillip also holding back tears before they cut to an ad break. DON'T MISS... 30 Putin helicopters blown to smithereens [INSIGHT]Putin sparks panic as he CUTS main gas pipeline to Europe [LATEST]Praying for peace in the middle of a savage, brutal war - JOHN MARONE [WATCH]  At the start of their discussion, Gyles passionately gave his opinion on the people who were being denied access to the UK as only 50 visas had been passed out. He told Holly and Phillip: "Well, she [Priti Patel] must do more than everything that is possible, people are demanding action. "It is very complicated in Calais because there has been immigration, illegal immigration, problematic immigration for some years. "How do we organise that in a sensible and humane way, one of the ways is doing it in Calais, but one of the issues are people are turning up and being told actually you have to go to a consulate in Brussels. "That is ridiculous, we must get something focused on the Ukraine in Calais, and it must be processed as quickly as possible." Holly asked: "Camilla, surely right now, what we are witnessing does that not have to just go out the window?" Camilla agreed: "Well, this is the debate, there are two arguments going on, first of all, why can't you process people at the border. "Second of all, they have got this Ukrainian family scheme which is allowing people with links to Britain to come here for three years, the processing of the paperwork is taking too long." This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.