An estate agent is key when it comes to buying and selling a property. When it comes to selling a home, an estate agent will help determine the asking price of the property and will market it. Estate agents also have an understanding of the local market and will be familiar with property market trends over time. But how can sellers choose the right estate agent? Property expert Bryn Lucas has shared his advice for choosing the best estate agent in a video for Move iQ. The property pro said it’s important to “choose your estate agent carefully”. Mr Lucas also shared the sign an estate agent might be using a sales “tactic”. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘one minute’ trick for unblocking plugholes He continued: “Pick an agent with a track record of selling your type of property in your area. “Also look at how they market their other properties. Is it up to standard? “Online estate agents may be cheaper but perhaps don't always have the local knowledge of a high street agent. “Also, with the online option you'll likely pay upfront rather than the percentage of the sale price.  DON'T MISSMrs Hinch fan shares 88p method to clean dusty skirting boards [INSIGHT]Orchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms [UPDATE]Property: Most ‘underestimated’ feature to add £27,000 to house value [ANALYSIS]  “Do check whether they'll conduct viewings and how much support you get once an offer has been made. “If an agent's suggested asking price seems massively inflated, it might be a tactic to try and win your business. “An asking price that's too high will generate less interest and mean your home stays on the market for longer, and the longer it stays on the market the lower the price could be. “So ensure your estate agent is being realistic.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The property expert said it’s also important that an estate agent includes plenty of photos in a listing. Mr Lucas said it’s likely the first place a buyer will spot a home is on a property portal. The housing pro said to check the listing “closely” to ensure it’s appealing to buyers. “They [homebuyers] will decide in seconds if it peaks their interest so make sure your agent has included plenty of photos and they are high quality.  “Does the property look clean and tidy? “Does the listing feature any key selling points? “You must have an accurate and well-written description and an accurate floor plan.” Some notable property portals include Rightmove, Zoopla, OnTheMarket, PrimeLocation and Boomin.