But actually there are two precedents that contrast widely and we still do not know which will be followed here. In 1940 the Nazi war machine was launched at France which threw up its hands, waved the white flag and surrendered in under three weeks. That was why the British Expeditionary Force had no choice but to race for the coast and by a miracle be rescued from Dunkirk. But, as the Daily Express detailed yesterday, there was another short war that most have erased from memory. In 1919, with Russia wracked by civil war, the Finns, for a century their colony, seized the moment, snatched their independence and declared the Republic of Finland. Lenin could do nothing but 20 years later Stalin took revenge and invaded Finland. The fashionable view in the West was: “Poor little Finland, not a chance.” But the smartypants were wrong. The Finns, under the leadership of Marshal Mannerheim, fought back with ferocity and skill. It was called the Winter War. They fought as partisans from out of the snow-covered wilderness of their limitless pine forests, gliding on skis, invisible in white snowsuits. The Russian columns plunged along the roads, hub-deep in snow, often bogged down. The Finns swept out of the pines to carry out ambush after ambush from the sides and behind. Red Army casualties climbed and climbed, their morale sank and sank. Eventually, they could take no more, ­abandoned their snowed-in trucks, guns and tanks, and fled back to the border. Finland had to give up some territory, but it has been independent and free ever since. Which could happen in Ukraine? The short answer is – either. We do not know yet. But this fight could be far from over. Not as big as Russia, Ukraine is nevertheless a huge expanse of country.  As the Russian columns advance their lines of communication get ever longer, and every mile harder to protect against partisans sweeping out of the landscape to strike. If they elect to fight like the Finns it could be Vladimir Putin has not yet even begun to recognise his possible casualties. Under Stalin the Russian people could be kept ignorant of what was going on. Not today. Every last detail is being photographed from space, and made available on the internet. The Russians in their homes can see it all. Their dictators may not like it but they cannot stop it. So… a French-style collapse or a Finnish-style fight-back? So far we see the fleeing women and children but it could be that Russian casualties have not really begun yet. And when they do? The Russian generals? Their young generation? The crashing economy? The tidal wave of coffins? We will know all within a month, but not before. A SINGLE paragraph last week tells you all you need to know about modern Britain. Anglian Water’s chief executive Peter Simpson and its chief financial officer Steve Buck were paid more than £2.2million in bonuses while the quango delivers a rotten performance. The year before last it spilt untreated sewage into our rivers and streams 17,428 times. Once again reward for failure seems to be the hallmark of our public sector. If Boris Johnson really wanted to restore himself among the British people he would instigate a campaign of dismissals right across the army of parasites who infest and govern our useless quangos and become millionaires off our backs. A Night of the Long Knives, or at least a Night of the Long P45s. He would gain a thousand enemies but five million disenchanted Tory supporters flocking back to his banner. But rather than be our champion, which he used to be, he now rules only for the bone-idle elite. On every hand failure is richly rewarded.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea SOMEWHERE there must be a laboratory with boffins hard at work. What they are seeking to discover is the sealing mechanism of a consumer item so complicated that the purchaser will never get it open without the liquid content squirting all over the kitchen. Item after item entering Chateau Fred seems to have been sealed in a manner so obscure that unless one trained at Bletchley Park in the art of decoding one risks skin and fingertips wrestling with the seal before realising it was at the other end all the time. IT SEEMS this spring we may have a repeat of a measure of some years ago – establishing road blocks here and there to protect migrating toads as they cross the roads. I once witnessed the following on a country lane. A rural constable stepped into the road in the path of a single oncoming car and held up a firm hand in an obvious “stop” sign. The car, open-topped and, as I could hear, carrying German tourists, obediently braked. From the sedge emerged a female mallard leading her six chicks. All waddled across the lane to safety. The constable turned to the car, saluted the occupants and waved them forward. As they went past me I heard the father tell his children in the back: “Now you know why we couldn’t defeat them.”  WAR RAGES across Ukraine. All eastern Europe trembles. China may be poised to invade Taiwan. Thanks to the mismanagement of Covid our economy is about a trillion in debt. Half our public sector is still working (or pretending to) from home. Honestly does anyone really care a badger’s backside whether our Prime Minister had a glass of plonk on a lawn two years ago? The litany of our woes does not stop there. Prices of basic consumer needs emulate the rockets out of Cape Canaveral; filling the car tank is becoming a rare luxury. Taxes and obscure charges on every aspect of life are reaching the unaffordable for many folk. We simply have to start concentrating on the essentials and sweep the fripperies out of court. Among these are the tiny claque of eco-freaks who forbid us to tap the ocean of shale oil and gas beneath our feet; who pursue the pipe-dream of net-zero by 2030 despite proof that this means national bankruptcy; a vastly excessive bureaucracy and its unaffordable tax burden on us all. Boris Johnson may have made a Churchillian speech in the Commons on the Ukraine situation but words, however admirable, will never replace vital policies and their energetic fulfilment. That, at the moment, is what we are lacking.  A FEW days ago was February 22, 2022. Meaning it was 22.2.22 or five consecutive identical figures. That only happened twice in history; on the 11th of January 2011 and the first of November, same year. And it will never happen again since there is no 33rd of March. So we have all lived through three days that only happen once in history. It must be spring. The sky was of that brilliant blue that I recall in the Caribbean, from horizon to horizon, without a puff of cloud. Outside the Cricketers a few hardy toperssipped their pints on the benches, despite a nippy wind. On my rear lawn a cheeky robin snatched a tuft of dog whiskers fresh from the grooming comb, no longer needed by a moulting pooch but vital as bedding for chicks soon to come. I could have sworn he gave me a wink as he flew back to his hedge. Our bizarre climate may still have a cold day or two left in its armoury but winter is defeated and there is no going back.