Westminster Abbey holds poignant symbolism for the Queen and the Royal Family, with the London landmark famously serving as the setting for the Queen and Prince Philip's wedding in 1947 and the Queen's coronation in 1953. So it is particularly touching that almost a year on from Prince Philip's death aged 99 in April 2021, a Service of Thanksgiving will be held at Westminster Abbey on Tuesday, March 29 commemorating the Duke's incredible legacy. Express.co.uk has all the details about which Royal Family members will be attending this special event honouring the life of the late Duke of Edinburgh. Seven of the most senior members of the Royal Family are expected to attend Philip's memorial on Tuesday, including Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex are also expected to attend, as is the Queen and Philip's only daughter Princess Anne. Anne will likely be joined by her husband Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence. After concluding their eight-day Caribbean tour on Saturday, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge are also expected to attend the memorial service.  Other non-working members of the Royal Family could also be on the guest list, including many of Philip's grandchildren: Princess Beatrice, Princess Eugenie, Zara Tindall, Peter Phillips, Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘childish’ and ‘petty’ over Philip memorial The Queen has significantly scaled back her public appearances in recent months, so her attendance at Prince Philip's memorial service hangs in the balance. The Queen is thought to be very keen to pay tribute to her late husband of more than seven decades in person, but whether or not the Queen will attend the service is likely to be announced on the morning of the event. Plans are reportedly being considered to get the monarch to the Abbey via helicopter and, according to The Sun, privacy screens and a wheelchair could also be used to allow the Queen to attend on Tuesday. While the Queen has appeared to be in good spirits at recent engagements, there are concerns for the Queen's comfort following the monarch's well-documented health issues in autumn of last year.  The Queen and Prince Philip's third child Prince Andrew is expected to appear at Prince Philip's memorial service on Tuesday. The outing will mark Prince Andrew's first public appearance with the Royal Family since the US civil case brought against him by Virginia Giuffre was settled earlier this month. The terms of the out-of-court settlement were agreed last month, although the sum of the settlement was not revealed to the public. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Queen health fears: 'Increasingly clear' monarch to miss major events [ANALYSIS]Inside touching gift Prince Philip gave to 'his Princess Lilibet' [PICTURES]  Prince Harry and his wife Meghan, Duchess of Sussex are not expected to attend Prince Philip's memorial service this Tuesday. The Sussexes now reside in the US, and this month a spokesperson for the Duke announced that he will not be returning to the UK for the event. Prince Harry is challenging a Home Office decision made in February 2020 which prevents him from paying for police protection for himself and his family while visiting the UK.  More than 30 royals from across Europe are expected to fly in for Prince Philip's memorial service this week, and the Duke's wider family and friends will also be in attendance. Some 500 guests from Prince Philip's charities and patronages will also be attending the poignant ceremony which will pay tribute to Philip's life and work. A Buckingham Palace spokesperson said: "The service will give thanks for The Duke of Edinburgh's dedication to family, nation and Commonwealth and recognise the importance of his legacy in creating opportunities for young people, promoting environmental stewardship and conservation, and supporting the armed forces. "The service will in particular pay tribute to The Duke of Edinburgh's contribution to public life and steadfast support for the over 700 charitable organisations with which His Royal Highness was associated throughout his life." 