Piers Morgan has launched a vicious tirade at Omid Scobie, the co-author of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s biography Finding Freedom. Scobie had criticised photos of Prince William and his wife Kate Middleton during their trip to the Caribbean. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited Kingston in Jamaica, where photos showed them greeting local children who were reaching through a wire gate, and posing next to a statue of Bob Marley. The snaps have been branded “tone-deaf” and “awkward” given the British Empire’s history of colonialism and slavery. Scobie wrote on Twitter, where he has 79.9k followers: “I do wonder what the hell palace organisers were thinking with some of yesterday's photo moments. “The planning and recon that goes into every step of these engagements is next level, so how did no one think to avoid certain imagery? Quoting this tweet, Piers responded: “Pipe down you nasty little race-baiter.” His followers were divided on the issue, with some agreeing the photos appeared problematic. @matlockyer replied: “Havn't you seen the images Piers? “I can understand why this photo causes concern. “The more distant pics provide a better context and are less "us and them".” Mitz1978 added: “If Meghan was shaking hands with kids behind metal fences you would have had something to say.” “Come on @piersmorgan even you can admit that the PR was a little off there,” wrote @shanetoner00. But others agreed with Piers, with @Macey74401596 writing: “Well said Piers. READ MORE... Kate Humble was 'vile' to husband Ludo amid work struggle [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid ‘sacrificing extra work projects to find a new beau' [NEWS]Louise Minchin, 53, braves freezing cold temperatures in swimwear [NEWS] This need calling out and for more in the media to pick it up.” @peterfarman1 added: “Well said piers”. (sic) Piers also took aim at Harry yesterday, branding him a “little twerp” for “bleating” about his problems while the war rages in Ukraine. The Duke of Sussex has claimed he suffered "substantial hurt, embarrassment and distress" after a Mail on Sunday report about one of his other court cases. The repercussions of this, according to Harry's lawyers, inspired a "feeding frenzy of hostile comments" online. Piers quipped in view of his 7.9 million Twitter followers: "Is the little twerp ever not hurt and distressed? "Imagine bleating like this when there’s a war raging?"