By mid-March, spring will be here which means there will be longer days and more sun. As the weather warms up, gardeners can start to increase what they do in the garden. From sowing seeds, pruning, planting and ousting unsightly weeds, there’s plenty to be done. Kate Turner, Miracle Gro’s Gardening Guru, has shared her top tips on what to do in the garden in March. Kate said: “Spring is here, so it’s time to get busy in the garden again and start preparing for the gardening season ahead. “Be on the lookout for any weeds that start appearing and remove, either by hand or hoeing as long as it’s dry.” The reason it’s best to remove weeds on a dry day is because they’re easier to remove. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share how not to wash towels - ‘they’ll go nasty’ Ignoring weeds means they could spread or release seeds which could lead to bigger problems later on down the line. Weeds will compete with other plants and crops for nutrients which is why it’s a good idea to remove or prevent them. Kate also said March is a great time to get children involved in the garden. She said: “Get your kids involved and get creative by designing a bug hotel to attract any beneficial insects to your garden. DON'T MISSMrs Hinch fan shares £1 trick to remove bathroom radiator rust [INSIGHT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to remove toilet bowl stains [UPDATE]House buying timeline: How long does it really take to buy a home? [ANALYSIS] “Utilise what you can find around the garden - wood, bricks, pots and tiles can create the structure, then add twigs, grass, shingles and fir to fill any gaps.” Encouraging insects into the garden will actually benefit plants. Many insects pollinate plants which allows them to reproduce. Some insects will also eat pests that can easily destroy plants. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea For example, ladybirds are a great natural solution to eradicating aphids. It has been reported that a ladybird can eat around 50 aphids a day. March is also the perfect time to start sowing vegetable seeds. Kate said: “If you have a vegetable patch, March is the perfect time to begin to sow a range of vegetables including beetroot, carrots, radish and salad leaves.  “If the weather is still cold, you can try and warm up the soil by covering the soil with fleece or using cloches or mini tunnels for a week or so.” Gardeners can also start to sow crops such as chillies and tomatoes, which will give them a longer growing season. These can be sown indoors or in a greenhouse. March is also the last chance to plant bare root fruit trees.