The cost of living crisis is about to get considerably worse for British households from April onwards, with a slew of bill and tax rises on the table for millions who are already struggling. Express.co.uk has compiled all the tax and bill rises you will be paying extra for in the 2022/2023 tax year. The dreaded rise in the energy price cap will take effect from April 1. The cap will rise from £1,277 to £1,971 for a household on average usage, equalling a £693 per year increase for the average customer. The pain is likely to get worse in October, when the next cap is brought in, with experts believing it could rise to around £3,000 per year.  READ MORE: Rishi Sunak plays down prospect of more help with energy bills New council tax rates will begin on April 1, and will affect everyone aside from those who are exempt, such as students and those on some benefits. All in all, your council tax will increase by five percent. This is made up of a two percent council tax rise and an additional three percent for social care. The Government is pressing ahead with its controversial tax rise, which will come into force on April 6. The pay packets of workers will be subject to a 1.25 percentage point rise - but the exact amount you will pay depends on how much you earn. Mr Sunak has also raised the threshold at which workers pay the tax, from £9,568 to £12,570 - effectively meaning those on salaries under £35,000 will not be paying more. The Chancellor announced a raise on the levy in 2021 - but has not withdrawn the manifesto breaking policy despite public outcry.  DON'T MISS‘Out of Touch’ Millionaire Chancellor Rishi Sunak owns four cars [INSIGHT]Council tax discount: Pensioners could get their bill paid in full [EXPLAINER]Britons to pay billions in inheritance tax as house prices rise [REPORT] Your yearly state pension amount will be changing from April 11. British pensioners will see a 3.1 percent increase in their payments, but how much you receive overall depends on your NI record. For example, someone on the maximum old state pension will receive £141.85 per week and those on the full rate of new state pension will get £185.15 weekly. Prescription costs are expected to rise from April 1, when rates have usually always risen. However, the Government has not yet announced the new rate for NHS prescriptions. For example, in 2021/2022, the cost of medication went up from £9.15 to £9.35.