Mark Dolan invited two expert guests to join him in the 'The Big Question' segment of his GB News show to discuss Vladimir Putin and the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Mr Dolan, who formerly worked at TalkRadio, was joined by the Evening Standard's defence correspondent Robert Fox and an ally to ex-President Donald Trump Sebastian Gorka. Mr Fox claimed diplomacy "hasn't got a hope in hell in the next few days" after events in Moscow seemed to show the Russian President is "losing touch with reality". He explained: "We are hearing these rambling versions of history and why he was doing it. "He doesn't seem to be very good at explaining exactly why he is doing what he is doing to Ukraine." Mr Fox added: "Putin is very bunkered at the moment. JUST IN: GB News: Former aide claims Ukraine crisis would not happen under 'Trump's watch' "He seems to be fighting some of his own staff, he's finally fired his head of overseas external intelligence at the FSB and put him under house arrest." The Evening Standard's defence editor also questioned whether Mr Trump has the capabilities of bringing Putin's invasion of Ukraine to a halt. The 45th President has been claiming Russia would not have mounted its onslaught on the ex-Soviet state if he returned to the White House in 2020. Mr Trump said at the recent Conservative Political Action Conference in Orlando, Florida: "As everyone understands, this horrific disaster would never have happened if our election was not rigged and if I was the President." READ MORE: Putin health concerns: President may be suffering from brain disorder Despite the former President's comments, there is no evidence to suggest the 2020 Presidential Election was rigged. Speaking about Mr Trump's chances of bringing peace to Europe, Mr Fox argued: "He could try to reach out to President Putin as he has actually said. "But what has been noted is there has been a steady deterioration on President Putin's part." He added: "Even an attempt by Donald Trump to reach out to him wouldn't get terribly far. DON'T MISS:Brave Russian protesters defy Vladimir Putin's brutal crackdown [VIDEO]Ukraine LIVE: Drone carrying bomb crashes into Croatian capital [LIVE BLOG]Putin and his band of thieves must be brought to justice [COMMENT] "I think the one that most stands a chance, just a chance, is President Xi Jinping of China because he is about to be Russia's biggest client for oil and gas." The Ministry of Defence's most recent intelligence update on events in Ukraine said: "Russian naval forces have established a distant blockade of Ukraine’s Black Sea coast, effectively isolating Ukraine from international maritime trade. "Russian naval forces are also continuing to conduct missile strikes against targets throughout Ukraine. "Russia has already conducted one amphibious landing in the Sea of Azov and could look to conduct further such operations in the coming weeks."