Changes to the Russian president’s appearance in recent months have led to speculation across the world that the leader could be obscuring some form of disease or illness from the public. Body language expert Allan Pease first met Vladimir Putin in St Petersburg in 1991 - just after the fall of the Soviet Union - when the future Russian leader was 39 years old. At the time, Vladimir Putin was a little-known name, but he had begun to carve out a reputation for himself during his time with the KGB, the Soviet intelligence agency. Mr Pease, who last saw Putin in 2014, said that he had then seemed “the same as he did in 1991”. He added: "There has been no fundamental change in his approach or behaviour since communism fell. “This change is a recent thing, and it is linked to his bloated face." Mr Pease emphasised Putin’s insistence on being seen as a “G.I. Joe” and a “patriot”, including maintaining physical fitness through martial arts. Mr Pease said: "He's put a lot of weight on, he's carrying a lot of fat. "Rumours among many of my friends in Russia are that he has colon cancer. Weight gain is often a symptom of treatment. He continued: "Putin has always been a fitness fanatic. "Clearly at the moment, he's not working out. READ MORE: Russian ambassador's chilling warning to NATO with hint at 'plans' “So rumours are swirling in Russia about him having cancer, or early-onset Parkinson's." He picked up on Vladimir Putin’s new insistence on keeping visitors, guests and Kremlin officials as far away from the leader’s own seat as possible, saying Putin’s “absurdly long table” indicated he is “no longer the confident ‘managing director’ in charge”. Mr Pease said: "He's a guy who is keeping everyone at a distance." He added Putin’s placement at the table "at the other end with his back to the wall or window" indicates he could be "expecting an attack" at any moment. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Zelensky eyes 'significant' victory as troops scramble [LIVE] Ukraine HELL: Russians shell peaceful protestors and kidnap children [REPORT] Putin’s plush wardrobe branded “disgusting” [ANALYSIS] Speaking of Putin’s “paranoia”, he said: "The weight gain is significant, as is him distancing himself. “He keeps everyone on the opposite side of the room from him. "Clearly, there is something going on in his head. He doesn't want to be around people." Mr Pease commented he believed illness of some form could explain Putin’s actions in Ukraine, adding he was convinced Putin expected little resistance from the Ukrainian people. He said: "Putin is 69 now. "He's always been a patriot. If he was going to make a move on Ukraine, with his disease, he may be thinking, 'well, damn them, I'm going in'." Mr Pease, who called Putin a “fast learner”, described how he saw the Russian leader using the “same techniques” he had shown him when addressing the public in television broadcasts. He said he taught Putin “power poses” such as the “steeple pose”, which makes the person feel more “confident” and “in control”. Mr Pease described: "You put your hands together like a church steeple and lean back. Grin without showing your teeth. He added: "This stance makes you seem confident and in control of your own emotions. “If you adopt this stance - even if you feel nervous, it has an effect. "If you intentionally take this stance in a meeting or interview, you will start to feel more confident. "Watch videos of Putin from before the Ukraine crisis. He adopts this stance. You won't see him crossing his arms."