Arsenal hero Arsene Wenger has sensationally revealed he wants to return to management. Wenger holds the record as the longest-reigning manager in Premier League history after overseeing the Gunners for nearly 22 years. Wenger won a plethora of trophies during his time in north London and led the Gunners to three Premier League titles. The 72-year-old’s final title success came in the 2003/04 season as Arsenal tasted Premier League glory without losing a single match throughout the entire season – a feat which had never been done before and has never been done since. He called time on his management career in 2018. “I spent 40 seasons in the dugout and, if I listen to my guts, I would still do it,” Wenger told beIN Sports. “You know, I can contribute in a different way. I'm still missing it. I'm still missing the intensity of it. And so overall, I'm still vulnerable. I'm like a guy who's off drugs.” Wenger would surely not be short of offers if he were to tout his services around. And Express Sport takes a look at four teams the Frenchman could manage. Arsenal Wenger will go down in history as one of Arsenal’s greatest ever managers. The former Strasbourg player transformed the Gunners’ fortunes after arriving at the club in 1996 and turned them into Premier League contenders. Wenger won the league title during his first full season at the helm as Arsenal carved out a fierce rivalry with Manchester United. Arsenal eventually fell away as Chelsea became a dominant force in England - but Wenger managed to secure Champions League football for the club year after year. The Gunners have endured a difficult few seasons but finally appear to be getting back on track under Mikel Arteta. While there is a chance he could form a duo along with his former player, many Arsenal fans would not welcome the return of Wenger, who became increasingly unpopular among some sections of the fanbase towards the end of his reign. So he may have to find a different team. READ MORE: Chelsea bidding war hots up as favourite agrees to 'emulate Liverpool'  Paris Saint-Germain Paris Saint-Germain are the dominant team in French football and could be looking for a new boss if they decide to sack Mauricio Pochettino. But the Ligue 1 giants are apparently chasing Zinedine Zidane. Pochettino is under pressure after PSG were knocked out of the Champions League by Real Madrid earlier this month. The club are desperate to achieve European success and will now have doubts over whether Pochettino is the right man for the job. But Wenger never tasted Champions League success with Arsenal, despite getting to the final in 2006, so PSG might look elsewhere. France If Wenger can’t land a high-profile club management role, he could offer his services to the France national side. France have been fairly successful under current boss Didier Deschamps and won the World Cup in 2018. They underperformed at Euro 2020 last summer but went on to win the UEFA Nations League. Deschamps has been in charge of the team for nearly a decade and, if he decides to walk away at the end of the year when his current deal expires, Wenger would surely fancy himself in the role for a few years. DON'T MISS: Liverpool backed to finish 10 points behind Man City in title race (INSIGHT)Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp may be regretting January transfer call (TRANSFERS)Klopp’s 4 options as Liverpool “change systems” after Trent injury (ANALYSIS)     England If France don’t come calling, Wenger could potentially be a replacement for Gareth Southgate should the former defender leave the Three Lions. Southgate could be another man who might suddenly decide he fancies another challenge after this year’s World Cup, although he only signed a new contract last autumn. Southgate has created a positive environment and winning philosophy in the England camp and perpetually has an eye on the future. So Wenger would surely only be a stop gap if he was appointed as Southgate’s successor. Monaco If all else fails, Wenger could try to persuade Monaco to give him another go as manager. The legendary boss spent over seven years in charge of the club in the late 1980s and early 1990s and won the French title with them in 1988. Monaco last won the league title in 2017, and Wenger could be the man to return the club to their former glory. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 