Losing belly fat isn't easy, in fact it's one of the most stubborn parts of the body to target as fat cells in the stomach area have a higher amount of alpha receptors. But experts have suggested by making some small, "effortless" changes will facilitate the process for people wanting to shed the pounds around their midriff. The human body consists of six different types of fats, but visceral fat can be dangerous for one's health if there is too much of it in the body. Experts have warned that it could cause long term consequences such as increased risks of cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, strokes and even cancer. But even though stubborn fat areas are hard to get rid of, a sustainable approach towards weight loss and lifestyle changes can help cut it out considerably. Protein can help people lose weight naturally, as foods rich in it have been proved to help people stay fuller and more energetic for longer periods of time. This means there is less of a risk of snacking and over-eating. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure Personal Trainer Luke Brown, explained it also helps build lean muscle mass, adding: "Adding protein to your diet is effortless, effective and more than beneficial when it comes to your weight loss journey and fitness goals." It's no secret that consuming more water daily is good for hydration and your health. In the UK, the Eatwell Guide suggests people should aim to drink in total 1.2 to 1.5 litres a day, aiming for around six to eight glasses of water on top of other liquids. Even replacing sugar-free drinks with water could help considerably. Dr Melina Jampolis, a California-based internist and board-certified physician nutrition specialist, suggested some people may also mistake hunger for thirst, which is triggered by mild dehydration. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Not getting enough sleep has been linked to a variety of health issues, as it is an essential function that allows the body and mind to recharge, leaving you refreshed and alert when awake. Healthy sleep can also help the body remain healthy and warn off diseases and without a good routine, there has been found to be an increased risk of obesity and interference in weight loss attempts. Experts say sleeping for a minimum of seven hours should be a goal for people of all age groups. Nutritionist and Certified Diabetes Educator Parul Malhotra Bahl, explained: "Alcohol is nothing but empty calories. "Around 1gm fat has nine calories, and 1gm of alcohol has seven calories. So, with zero nutrition, you are consuming calories that are equivalent to fats." And according to Healthline, excess alcohol consumption can lead to what is known as alcoholic fatty liver. By damaging the liver itself, it can affect the way the body metabolises and stores carbohydrates and fats which can make it difficult to shift that stubborn belly fat and lose weight in general. With alcoholic drinks, moderation is important and so is knowing how to choose drinks that will have the least impact on your weight loss goals. Additional calories from mixers can contribute to gaining visceral fat. This method may not work for everyone because of the difference in people’s bodies and the way they work. But trying out a specialised app for counting macros (macronutrient - protein, carbohydrates and fats), could prove to be extremely helpful as it may help maintain lean muscle and get rid of stubborn belly fat. A 2017 study noted that people may be "more likely" to maintain a moderate weight if they track the amount of food and nutrients they consume over a longer period. Healthy sleep can also help the body remain healthy and warn off diseases and without a good routine there has been found to be an increased risk of obesity and interference in weight loss attempts. Experts say sleeping for a minimum of seven hours should be a goal for people of all age groups. 4. Cut down on alcohol Nutritionist and Certified Diabetes Educator Parul Malhotra Bahl, explained: "Alcohol is nothing but empty calories. Around 1gm fat has nine calories, and 1gm of alcohol has seven calories. So, with zero nutrition, you are consuming calories that are equivalent to fats." And according to Healthline, excess alcohol consumption can lead to what is known as alcoholic fatty liver. 