Mercury, Mars, the Sun, Neptune and the Moon are all getting involved in our fate today. Luckily, they’re coming together in a way that makes us in tune with our dreams, moods and the feelings of others. Overall, it’s going to be a really fun and potentially nostalgic day. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for March 12. Mercury, the planet of communication and travel, is semi-sextile to Mars the planet of sex and action today. Cafe Astrology said: “This suggests a tendency toward either indecision or the rushing of decisions. “We may not have an easy time putting our ideas into action.” READ MORE- Horoscopes: ‘Big-spirited’ Sagittarius is an ‘endless labyrinth’ However, the Sun aligns with Neptune, helping us take things as they come. The mystics at the site explained: “We’re finding meaning in our experiences more readily than usual. We’re tuned in, inspired, and charitable. “With this combination, we can be extremely sensitive to the moods and undercurrents around us. We make judgments intuitively and instinctually. “We might resist defining our actions and goals, and instead, we seek alternate ways of connecting with our dreams.” Our morals may be flexible as we tend to stretch our usual boundaries with the Sun aligning with Neptune in Pisces. This transit stimulates and enhances spiritual awareness, according to Cafe Astrology’s horoscope. They said: “It’s a good time to connect with our dreams, ideals, and romantic or spiritual selves.” Tarot.com added: “We can keep those good times rolling when the Moon trines the Sun in soulful Pisces and tonight could feel like a fairy tale!” DON'T MISS...Horoscopes and karma: The sign that increases good karma by forgiving [INFORMER]‘Horoscopes: Capricorn doesn’t ‘need’ a partner but falls 'deeply' [INSIGHT]Pisces 2022 yearly horoscope: What the water sign can expect from 2022 [EXPLAINER] The Moon is in emotional, homely Cancer all day. Cafe Astrology said: “The Moon feels right at home in the sign of Cancer, as it rules the sign. “This Moon position has much healing potential. Although insular by nature, our feelings run deep, making it an ideal time to get in touch with what motivates us.”