Home Secretary Priti Patel’s landmark Nationality and Borders Bill has reached the stage where amendments are debated between the Lords and Commons. And while the UK will welcome those fleeing the conflict in Eastern Europe, it will not become a soft touch, according to Tom Pursglove, Minister for Justice and Tackling Illegal Migration. He said: “[The Bill] has been designed to allow as many Ukrainians as possible to come to the UK. “It’s absolutely critical MPs back these reforms so we can continue helping those in need. The Home Secretary and I will do all we can to deliver on what the public voted for: to fix our broken asylum system.” Some 150,000 people have signed up to the Homes for Ukraine scheme to give sanctuary to refugees fleeing Russia’s invasion, further cementing Britain’s history of supporting the vulnerable in their hour of need. The Daily Express asked the Conservatives, Labour and Liberal Democrats how many of their MPs had signed up and would do the same. Our request was ignored by each party. Ms Patel said adults posing as children to claim asylum were “playing the system” and abusing the UK’s global reputation as a welcoming nation. Her Bill is a fresh bid to fix an asylum system costing taxpayers £5million a day – and brings in methods used by countries such as Finland, Norway and France, involving radiographs and other types of X-ray to examine bones and teeth. She says her “firm but fair” approach will better protect and support those in need while deterring illegal entry to the UK. It will smash the business model of people-smuggling networks, protecting the lives of those they endanger, while giving fresh powers to more easily remove those with no right to be here, she adds. Ms Patel said: “The Bill will give experts the power to assess age using scientific methods informed by a new Home Office Scientific Advisory Committee – and if someone refuses to undergo an age assessment without good reason, this must be taken into account when assessing what they say about their age.” The idea of using high-tech tools to assess ages of those illegally entering the UK was first mooted by then backbench Tory MP David Davies at the height of the Calais crisis. In 2016, the now Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Wales caused controversy when he said: “If they are jumping on lorries, they are not going to be averse to lying about their ages.” Mr Davies warned that without a new approach, Britain’s “well of hospitality” would be “quickly exhausted”. The UK has already issued 9,500 visas to Ukrainians with family ties to the UK. Health Secretary Sajid Javid said: “I’m pleased we are supporting Ukraine in every single way that we can. “I expect that we will see hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians arrive here in the UK, and they will get all the support that they need.” -------------------------------------------------------------- Putin’s invasion of Ukraine is a barbaric attack. The targeting of the vulnerable and defenceless is utterly depraved and my heart goes out to the Ukrainian people fleeing this horror. The UK Government has made a generous and compassionate offer to citizens fleeing the country through our Ukraine Family Scheme. It reflects the urgency of the moment, with visas issued around the clock, no cap on numbers and a fully online system for passport holders. It has been designed to allow as many Ukrainians as possible to come to the UK and gives them immediate access to valuable support. It follows the UK’s proud tradition of helping those in need, which spans many decades – from the victims of conflict in Syria, people evacuated from Afghanistan and those fleeing draconian laws in Hong Kong. And it’s part of our New Plan for Immigration, which seeks to break the grip of another vice in this world – criminal people-smuggling gangs who cause untold human misery, with no regard or concern for loss of life. The Nationality and Borders Bill – which is the legislative framework to deliver our New Plan for Immigration – will crack down on these criminal gangs, freeing up our asylum system so we can help those who need it most. The Bill is now in its final stages in Parliament before it becomes law. It’s absolutely critical that MPs back these long-term reforms so we can continue helping those in need in an increasingly uncertain world. Rest assured, the Home Secretary and I will do all we can to deliver on what the public voted for: to fix our broken asylum system.