Former England boss Fabio Capello has fired a warning to Arsenal transfer target Victor Osimhen in the wake of Italy's shock 1-0 defeat to North Macedonia in midweek. The result means Italy will miss the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, with Capello taking the opportunity to question the standard of football in Italy. Italy were heavy favourites to come through the play-off campaign to clinch a World Cup spot after their stunning success at Euro 2020. But Roberto Mancini's side were left frustrated by North Macedonia, who stood firm amid wave after wave of Italian pressure. The result means that Italy will miss out on successive World Cup's for the first time in their history after they also failed to qualify for the 2018 tournament that was held in Russia. And Capello launched a scathing attack on the state of Italian football - and warned Osimhen that he could struggle to cope with the rigours of the Premier League. The 23-year-old has been linked with a move to the Gunners after plundering 15 goals for Napoli this season. But Capello has pointed out Tammy Abraham as an example to Osimhen. The former Chelsea striker struggled at Stamford Bridge but has been in dazzling form for Napoli's rivals, AS Roma, since moving to Italy. READ MORE: Man Utd and four other clubs Gareth Bale may join for free after proving he's still elite  “Italian football has imitated Guardiola for 15 years,” Capello told Sky Sport Italia. “There were no vertical passes or physical strength, there is no habit to making challenges. On the other hand, we should follow Jurgen Klopp’s playing style. “The only ones doing that in Italy are Atalanta and look at their results. Vincenzo Italiano is trying something similar, same as Alexander Blessin at Genoa who is offering even something more than Klopp. The German way is the model to follow, we don’t have the technique to look at the Spanish one. “There is a high pace in European competition and we are not accustomed to it. There are not enough young Italian players, but there is a wrong idea at its base. We are the country of the back pass to the goalkeeper. Victor Osimhen, Romelu Lukaku and Tammy Abraham were just normal strikers abroad. They became champions in Italy. This should raise some questions." DON'T MISSArsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks heldErik ten Hag's first two Man Utd signings should follow him from AjaxAchraf Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Lionel Messi and Neymar 'don't speak to him' As well as Arsenal, Manchester United and Tottenham have also been credited with an interest in Osimhen, who has helped propel Napoli into the title picture this term. The Italian outfit are just three points behind AC Milan in the race to claim the Scudetto. Osimhen recently took to social media in a bid to play down any talk of a move away from the Diego Armando Maradona Stadium. But it remains to be seen if Napoli would be able to resist a big-money bid for their star striker. A host of Premier League clubs are set to be in the market for a top striker in the summer - and there's a possibility that other clubs could join Arsenal and United in the race to snap up Osimhen.