The GB News presenter said that Ms Truss had worked “tirelessly” behind the scenes to secure the release of the British-Iranian women after six years of captivity. Mr Wootton also said that Ms Truss had found an “appropriate” way to settle the £400million debt the UK owed Tehran.  He said: “Who secured her release? Well, the Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, something that her predecessors Dominic Rabb, Boris Johnson and Jeremy Hunt all failed to do. “Jealous and often sexist critics of Truss often like to paint her as a lightweight. “Because she, as a high-profile female public figure, cares about her image. “She has worked tirelessly to secure this deal for months behind the scenes.  “Including finding out an appropriate way to settle a 400 hundred-million-pound debt. All while dealing with the Russian invasion of Ukraine. “She gets stuff done, because of course today’s incredible result follows the brilliant job Liz Truss did in securing the free trade deals for post-Brexit Britain in her previous role as International Trade Secretary. “So, I’m happy to say as it stands, at least following this excellent diplomatic victory, in Liz we Truss.” However, Mr Wootton indicated that he was not as pleased with the performance of Chancellor Rishi Sunak. READ MORE:Brexit POLL: Should UK just refuse to pay any more Brexit bills to EU?  He said: “Although I’m not so impressed with the Chancellor at the moment.” Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe was detained by Iranian authorities in 2016 and accused of attempting to overthrow the government, charges that she denies. Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe’s MP, Tulip Siddiq, also confirmed earlier today she had left Iran and shared a picture of her flying back to the UK. According to Iranian state media the £400million debt refers to money that the UK has owed Tehran since 1979. DON'T MISS:  UK still sending BILLIONS to EU! Brexit betrayal as Britain bled dry [REVEAL] John Bercow: Five times former Commons Speaker frustrated Brexit [INSIGHT] Angela Rayner savaged over 'reckless' anti-army vote [SPOTLIGHT]  It relates to the order of 1,750 Chieftain tanks and other vehicles that was not fulfilled by London after key ally Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was overthrown in the Iranian revolution and replaced by an Islamic Republic.