 On Saturday, the President added to the end of his speech that Putin “cannot remain in power”, which caused a swift response from the White House to retract the comment that signified a direct call from the President for a regime change. A White House spokesperson explained Mr Biden was instead condemning the Russian President’s actions.   The spokesperson stated: “The President’s point was that Putin cannot be allowed to exercise power over his neighbours of the region. He was not discussing Putin’s power in Russia or a regime change.” Speaking to GB News host Dan Wootton, author and presenter Neil Oliver called the US President a threat to united allies who are supporting Ukraine. Mr Oliver said: “This is such a fragile and volatile time for the whole world and it’s worth remembering that throughout the US has been carefully making it clear that there are limits to its involvement and that there are limits from NATO. “It is so much a time of diplomacy, careful, careful diplomacy.”   He added that “anything contrary to that, anything that risks warmongering or increasing the temperature in something that is already dangerously hot, potentially for the whole world” is deeply concerning, and he said that it was “worrying to watch” the President’s actions. At an event at the White House on Monday, Joe Biden commented on his remarks and said he is “not walking anything back” before adding: “I was expressing the moral outrage I felt…I had just come from being with those families. “But I want to be clear that I wasn’t then, nor am I now, articulating a policy change. I make no apologies for it.” Like many other critics of the ageing President, Mr Oliver commented on the frailty of Mr Biden and the lack of confidence which is instilled when he addresses the public. READ MORE:Body language signs Princess Eugenie is not ‘Team Cambridge’   He said: “Who can say what his state of mind is and how cognitively capable he actually is? He certainly looks frail, and he certainly looks as if he struggles to keep up with his speeches and the message that he’s trying to get across. “If he is adlibbing, then it’s no time for that kind of off-piste, free form talking.” The author listed the recent gaffes from the President which included his comment on chemical weapons used by Russia that would be responded to “in kind” by the US and stated that “you do not back him [Putin] into a corner”. He added: “That is not an individual to be provoked, especially if it is happening because an old man, an elderly man at the end of his cognitive strength, is just carelessly stepping into a potential minefield.” DON'T MISS:F1 marshal quits Saudi Arabian Grand Prix over vile Hamilton tweet (REVEAL)Andrea Bocelli wedding anniversary: Romantyic video with wife Veronica (VIDEO)Brexit POLL:Do YOU agree that Boris Johnson should trigger Article 16? (POLL)   When questioned by Mr Wootton on the solution to the lack of leadership being projected by the United States, Mr Oliver declared that after “the speed with which the White House comes in behind [Biden] to tidy up the mess”, it is clear that they are “well aware” of the threat posed by the President’s comments. Mr Oliver concluded stating that the only solution to the Ukraine conflict is through careful negotiation and diplomacy which will mean the President cannot afford to go “off-piste” with his speeches. He said: “The thing has to end with negotiation. Surely enough people, too many people have already suffered and died, and it has to get to negotiation.” 