Tommy (played by Sonny Kendall) has been bullied by a group of boys at his school. Phil (Steve McFadden) scared them off a few weeks ago, but he is now behind bars - and Tommy's schoolmates know it. On Tuesday's episode of the BBC soap, the troubled schoolboy resorted to carrying a knife with him as he left for school, but his cousin Lily (Lillia Turner) spotted what he was up to. She warned him about the dangers of carrying a knife but Tommy refused to listen. If he takes it out to scare his bullies in upcoming episodes, could protective Lily be the one who gets hurt? Lily jumped to Tommy's defence on Tuesday's instalment after the boys started spraying him with water. "It's only a laugh - I still need my money by the way," one of the youngsters threatened. As he continued to chuck water over Tommy, Lily yelled: "Stop it! Leave him alone." The boys eventually walked away, laughing at the Walford schoolboy. Tommy looked into his bag for the knife, which made Lily suspicious. READ MORE: Alexander Vlahos age: How old is Outlander’s Allan Christie star? Later, Lily went through Tommy's bag when while the two were at home, and was stunned to find the weapon. The revelation clearly shook the youngster, who sat quietly on the sofa, unsure of what to do. "Are you alright, Lily?" Jean Slater (Gillian Wright) asked her. Lily nodded but seemed upset, and later confronted Tommy. "If they find you with that knife in school, you'll be excluded," she whispered. She added: "Don't tell me you're planning on using it." Tommy replied: "I don't want to, but mum can't walk me to school every day, and what if they jump me? "I can't hide from this stuff, I've got to deal with it directly." Lily argued: "You know what they've told us at school - kids end up in hospital, Tommy. "They end up dead. What if you drop it and they use it on you?" DON'T MISS... The Repair Shop's Jay Blades concerned for 'overwhelmed' guest [VIDEO]EastEnders exit for Jean as Stacey shares concern for mum's health? [SPOILER]Holding writer Graham Norton details big change in series [EXCLUSIVE] "That won't happen," Tommy answered, adding: "I'm handling things, everything's going to be alright." But could Lily's warning be foreshadowing her own fate? Lily is likely to keep an eye out for Tommy at school now she knows he could be in trouble. It's possible he will produce the knife to defend himself and Lily might jump in to intervene. Could she end up caught in the crossfire and accidentally become the one who is stabbed? Tommy would be devastated to have hurt or potentially killed his close family member. The incident would certainly make him realise he has made a catastrophic mistake. With Lily concerned about what might happen, it's likely she would try to stop things escalating if she sees Tommy in trouble again. She has been quick to defend him lately, and with Tommy in even more danger, she will probably be more defensive of him than ever. Could the schoolgirl end up dead in a terrible tragedy if an attack ensues? Tommy would be in more trouble than he's ever been in if Lily is hurt in the attack. After refusing to allow the school to help out of fear of being labelled "a grass", this could be Tommy's wake-up call. With Phil behind bars, he probably thought it was the only way he could defend himself. If Lily pays the price though, he will soon regret his decision. EastEnders continues on Wednesday at 7.30pm on BBC One.