Meghan and Prince Harry are striving to become the "royal couple to the world" through their charity work and humanitarian efforts, brand and reputation management expert Eric Schiffer believes. And he claims they are "winning" against other royals based in the UK, in particular Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, in successfully creating a worldwide brand focused on diversity and the younger generations. Mr Schiffer told Express.co.uk: "Meghan and Harry's strategy is to be seen as the royal couple to the world, not just England, and to better connect at an emotional and at a value level with young people of all races and genders around the world. "And they are winning that war - but not at home, not in the UK. "I think in the UK they are losing but that's not their battleground. "They don't mind ceding the UK, they are focusing on the world. "And in the process they are gaining soft power." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex recently received a major accolade for their public service and charitable efforts. In late February, they were awarded the NAACP Image Awards' President's Award "in recognition of special achievement and distinguished public service". Former recipients of this prize include singer Rihanna and ex-US President Bill Clinton. READ MORE: Harry ‘driving wedge’ through relationship with William Upon receiving the accolade, Prince Harry said: "I think it's safe to say that I come from a very different background than my incredible wife. "Yet our lives were brought together for a reason. "We share a commitment to a life of service, a responsibility to confront injustice, and a belief that the most often overlooked are the most important to listen to." Meghan outlined some of the work she has done with Prince Harry on equality since stepping down as senior royals.    She said: "I couldn't be prouder that we're doing this work together. "We moved to California, my home state, shortly before the murder of George Floyd, and for Black America, those nine minutes and 29 seconds transcended time, invoking centuries of our unhealed wounds. "In the months that followed, as my husband and I spoke with the civil rights community, we committed ourselves and our organisation Archewell, to illuminate those who are advancing racial justice and progress." Meghan was a gender and racial justice activist even before meeting Prince Harry in 2016 and, after reaching fame as an actress, spoke about racism and finding her voice as a mixed race woman. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex officially stepped down as senior royals at the end of March 2020. A few days before, they relocated to California, where they started building their private and working post-royal lives. The pair have since launched their organisation Archewell, which comprises a non-profit branch, the Archewell Foundation, and two production powerhouses Archewell Audio and Archewell Productions. Throughout 2020 and 2021, Meghan and Harry have spoken out about a number of causes close to their heart. Last year, they embraced the worldwide campaign for vaccine equity, calling for wealthy countries and pharmaceutical companies to share Covid jabs with developing nations to end the pandemic. The Duke and Duchess are also collaborating with experts through their organisation to create safer and more humane online communities. And Meghan is continuing her work in supporting gender equality through a series of initiatives - including backing a campaign for parental paid leave in the US and launching a mentorship initiative to help women rejoining the workforce after losing their jobs during the pandemic. At the beginning of March, to mark Women's History Month, Archewell also announced to have issued non-profit investments in four organisations focused on supporting and empowering women in the US and UK.