TV licences are a legal requirement which are needed to watch or record live programming as it is being broadcast. It is also required to stream live programming on streaming services, such as BBC iPlayer and Amazon Prime. While the BBC is in-charge of administering the licence fee, the Government is responsible for setting discounts and concessions for vulnerable groups. Anyone who is registered as severely blind in the UK is eligible for a 50 percent discount off their fee. It should be noted that this concession is not extended to those who are only partially sighted or slightly visually impaired. Currently, the cost of a television licence in the UK is £159 for a colour licence and £53.50 for a black and white licence if someone were to pay full cost. If the discount is implemented, a television licence for a blind person would cost £79.50 for colour and £26.75 for a black and white TV licence. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim There are over two million people living and dealing with some form of sight loss in the UK, according to NHS statistics. Out of this demographic, around 360,000 are registered as legally blind or partially sighted by the public health provider. To apply for this concession, potential claimants will need to prove to the TV Licensing body that they are legally blind. Among the considered qualifying documentation to prove this is either a Certificate of Visual Impairment (CVI) or a BD8 Certificate. DON'T MISS  Alternatively, a letter from an eye surgeon confirming an applicant’s blindness and a certificate from someone’s Local Authority would also count as proof to the assessor. Applications for the blind TV licence discount can be found on the TV Licensing website. Recently, the UK Government announced a two-year freeze on the cost of the television licence while decisions are made regarding long-term funding for the BBC. This means that the 50 percent discount will keep the price for blind people at £79.50 over the next couple of years. The BBC had been hoping that the TV licence cost would rise in line with inflation, as it has done years before. Nadine Dorries, the Government’s Culture Secretary, explained her reasoning behind the TV licence freeze. Ms Dorries said: “The BBC is a great national institution with a unique place in our cultural heritage. It broadcasts British values and identities all over the world and reaches hundreds of millions of people every day. “But at a time when families are facing a sharp increase in their living costs we simply could not justify asking hard-working households to pay even more for their TV licence. "This is a fair settlement for the BBC and for licence fee payers. The BBC must support people at a time when their finances are strained, make savings and efficiencies, and use the billions in public funding it receives to deliver for viewers, listeners and users. “With the recent news that TV licences will be frozen for two years (being kept at the current cost of £159) and will then increase in line with inflation for a further two years, is great news especially for the most vulnerable people in our society." On who will benefit from the decision to freeze the cost of TV licences, financial expert Karl Tippins said: “Pensioners across the country will be thrilled with the news especially as their pensions will only rise by 3.1 percent in April. “Many elderly people will be cutting costs in order to pay the basic bills potentially, so keeping the licence fee frozen for two years will hopefully mean our most vulnerable pensioners will be able to keep watching TV which many have been relying on since the pandemic as their only form of socialisation.”