The BBC Radio 2 host made the prediction on Twitter, with many fans quick to back his pick. He said: "Anyone else starting to think that the next prime minister is Nadhim Zahawi?"  It comes as the Education Secretary unveils a new national plan to better support children and young people with special educational needs and disabilities (SEND). It also follows Mr Zahawi agreeing on Monday with Department for Levelling Up minister Kemi Badenoch that children should be taught about the benefits of the British Empire and not just the drawbacks. The former vaccines minister said he agreed with Ms Badenoch who made the demand on Times Radio. He told Times Radio: "Let me give you an example. You know that my parents fled Iraq because of Saddam Hussein.  "If you ask Iraq before the Ba'athist regime came into office about cronies and criminals, Iraq was left a legacy of a British civil service system which actually served the country incredibly well for many, many decades, and that's the sort of thing that actually children should be learning about. "And of course all aspects of empire, and I think that's important." The next general election is not due until 2024, but Mr Vine's apparent approval for Mr Zahawi found support among Twitter users with Rupert Myers replying: "He’s certainly very impressive." Fellow Twitter user Kevinirobins chimed in: "He seems to be the adult in the room and manages quietly and efficiently to get things done."  READ MORE ABOUT BREXIT BRITAIN REPAIRING ITS RELATIONSHIP WITH THE EU And TrendinNow commented: "I think he’s genuine." Meanwhile, there were fresh calls for Prime Minister Boris Johnson to resign on Tuesday as the Metropolitan Police announced that 20 fines would be issued over gatherings in Downing Street that broke Covid lockdown rules. Detectives are investigating 12 gatherings held at Downing Street and the Cabinet Office in 2020 and 2021. An internal inquiry said Mr Johnson's staff enjoyed alcohol-fuelled parties, with the PM attending some of the events himself.  DON'T MISS: Queen gave Camilla Queen title to stop Harry from 'harming' her [REVEALED] Special arrangements in place to help Queen mark life of Philip [REPORT] Kate Middleton shows 'sartorial prowess' [LATEST] Those who have been fined will not be identified, but Downing Street has said it will reveal if the prime minister receives one. Angela Rayner, deputy leader of the Labour Party, said: "Boris Johnson's Downing Street has been found guilty of breaking the law.  "The culture is set from the very top. The buck stops with the Prime Minister, who spent months lying to the British public, which is why he has got to go." Liberal Democrat Leader Sir Ed Davey said: "If Boris Johnson thinks he can get away with partygate by paying expensive lawyers and throwing junior staff to the wolves, he is wrong. "We all know who is responsible. The Prime Minister must resign, or Conservative MPs must sack him." Government minister Will Quince said the gatherings which took place during coronavirus restrictions shouldn't have happened, but it would be inappropriate to comment further.  He told Sky News: "I completely understand the considerable upset caused, the events that took place shouldn't have happened. "But I hope you'll understand that both as an education minister but more importantly, as there's an ongoing live Metropolitan Police investigation, it's just not appropriate that I comment." He said questions over whether the PM should resign if fined were hypothetical, but also said Mr Johnson had committed to publishing a full report into the scandal by senior civil servant Sue Gray as soon as the Metropolitan Police has concluded its investigation. 