Prince George is turning nine in a few months but is already showing some of the best traits a future King should have, according to a source. The third-in-line to the throne has been described as "incredibly tidy" and "immaculate" by the source. They told Us Weekly: "His confidence has grown leaps and bounds over the last couple of years. "He is assertive, self-assured and knows what he wants, and doesn’t hold back on speaking his mind. "His personality is really starting to shine". Referring to the role he is destined to assume after his father Prince William, the source added: "Prince George is already showing that he has what it takes to be the future King of England”. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here Despite the fact Prince George is reportedly coming into his own, he still maintains the "cute, mischievous side" typical of an eight-year-old, the source added. Kate and Prince William have strived to give their three children a childhood as normal as possible and protected them from the spotlight. However, they have been gradually introducing George and his two siblings Charlotte and Louis to duties over the past years. The three Cambridges have appeared in past years on the balcony of Buckingham Palace to watch the Trooping the Colour parade. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's stepson Wolfie in heartbreaking remark And on Christmas Day 2019, Princess Charlotte and Prince George made an appearance at St Mary Magdalene Church in Sandringham. After the service, they joined other royals in their traditional walkabout and spoke to royal fans who have been waiting to catch a glimpse of them for hours. One year later, the three Cambridge children accompanied their parents to a special panto performance held at the London Palladium to honour key workers.  Prince George, however, has also made a few solo appearances alongside his parents in recent months. In the summer of 2021, he headed to Wembley Stadium to watch two EURO 2020 matches. The boy matched his father Prince William's outfit by wearing a suit and tie. Royal expert Duncan Larcombe reported rumours Kate had wanted her little boy to wear a more formal outfit rather than an England jersey to show George was "on duty". He told OK! magazine: "People were asking why they hadn’t let him wear an England shirt 'like a normal eight-year-old.' "William was apparently keen on the idea, but it was Kate, the former commoner, who said no. "She was showing George that being 'on duty' requires a different approach… he has to learn to don the royal armour." Most recently, Prince George also accompanied his parents Kate and William to Twickenham Stadium to watch the England v Wales rugby match. The Duke and Duchess were in attendance as the patrons of the Welsh Rugby Union and Rugby Football Union respectively. Prior to the match, won by England, the Cambridges met a few representatives of the unions and George gained the spotlight by speaking about his rugby lessons at school. The little royal said he was being taught how to tackle at Thomas's Battersea, and joked with his mother he had yet to tackle her during their practice together. George also didn't take any sides, as he did not respond when asked which team he would support during the Six Nations tournament.