Thomas Markle is launching the channel with co-host and close friend Karl Larsen. The pair will broadcast their views on current affairs every week and will likely discuss Meghan and Prince Harry. Thomas and Karl are said to have been inspired by royal author Lady Colin Campbell and US podcast king Joe Rogan. Meghan's father told the Mirror: “We have discovered YouTube… we’ve decided to join and share our story.” It comes as Meghan is being sued by her half-sister Samantha Markle for defamation over claims she made in her and Harry's Oprah Winfrey interview. Speaking in the debut episode, which is set to go live later today, Thomas says: “I’m standing up for my oldest daughter, Samantha.  "In this case, she should win because Meghan’s book was full of lies about her. "I would appear in a deposition in this case, if it came to it.” Discussing why they are launching the YouTube channel, co-host Karl said: “Tom wants to do it to put his thoughts out there from the horse’s mouth. "He wants to speak about how Meghan and Harry have affected his family. READ MORE: Harry's heartbreak over UK visit as 'mentor' unwell "The chat will be no-holds-barred. “He wants his truth to be out there, just like Meghan’s truth came out a year ago in her Oprah Winfrey interview. “He also wants to speak about other things in the news, too.” In papers submitted to a court in Florida earlier this month, Samantha accused Meghan of “defamation based on demonstrably false and malicious statements” during her and Harry's TV interview in March 2021. DON'T MISSHarry shows off language skills ahead of major European event [VIDEO]Prince Harry's upcoming project's 'unfortunate timing' sparks warning [INSIGHT]Meghan 'never a good fit' for Royal Family duties as it's 'all others' [ANALYSIS] The Duchess's half-sister also accused her of concocting a “false narrative and fairytale life story”. Samantha also accused Meghan of a “campaign to defame and destroy her sister’s and her father’s reputation and credibility in order to preserve and promote the false ‘rags-to-royalty’ narrative”. Meghan's lawyer Michael Kump branded Samantha's lawsuit "baseless and absurd". He said: "This baseless and absurd lawsuit is just a continuation of a pattern of disturbing behaviour. "We will give it the minimum attention necessary, which is all it deserves." Meghan has been estranged from her father, 77, who lives in Mexico, since her royal wedding in 2018. He has spoken out about his daughter in a series of interviews with the media. 