Ryanair and Jet2 have already decided to scrap masks on flights. TUI is the latest airline to ditch the rule. On an update on its website it said: “From Friday March 11, face masks will no longer be a legal requirement on TUI Airways flights to/from England and Northern Ireland, however in line with UK Government and EU Charter guidance, we strongly recommend that you still wear a mask throughout your flight. “Under current guidance, it is still mandatory for customers aged 12 and above travelling on TUI Airways to/from Wales and Scotland to wear a mask throughout their flight unless medically exempt. “It is mandatory for customers aged two and above travelling to the USA on TUI Airways to wear a mask throughout their flight. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares really ‘frustrating’ action passengers do “Please remember to carry evidence if you are medically exempt. It is mandatory for all customers aged six and over travelling to Italy on TUI Airways to wear an FFP2 mask throughout their flight. “Please remember to carry evidence if you are medically exempt. “If you are showing any Covid-19 symptoms or have recently tested positive you should not travel and will be able to change your holiday fee-free under our Covid flexibility policy. “If you are flying with one of our airline partners please check their website for the latest information.” As TUI states, passengers must still wear masks on flights in certain circumstances such as on flights to the USA. It is also mandatory for all passengers to wear an FFP2 mask on a flight to Italy throughout their flight. While passengers will no longer be legally required to wear a mask, it is still advisable to wear one during a flight. Travellers to countries such as Spain will need to wear a mask indoors at all times so should remember to pack one. Rules on masks vary across Europe and tourists can find the latest information on the British Government website. British tourists will currently need to fill out a passenger locator form when they return to the UK from holiday. However, the forms are expected to be scrapped before the Easter holidays in a boost for British tourists. Currently only unvaccinated British tourists have to take a test when they arrive in the UK from holiday. Masks have been a contentious issue on flights during the pandemic with some arguments between passengers. Several passengers in the USA were removed from planes after refusing to wear a mask on a flight. Others have complained about having to wear a mask on a plane although many people feel safer doing so. British tourists should check their airlines' latest rules on masks before travelling to the airport.