Meghan Markle is one woman who captures the attention of the world when she steps out in public. While many royal fans want to know the details of her fashion choices, her skincare is always flawless. Express.co.uk spoke to Diane Ackers, a skin expert for Doctors Formula and licensed aesthetician about the Duchess of Sussex’s possible beauty regime. She explained there is one product Meghan possibly uses daily in a bid to keep her skin looking so young and healthy. Diane said: “Meghan obviously loves a hydration boost and is up to date with her exfoliation with that gorgeous glow she permanently appears to have. “She’s most definitely a ‘keep your skin clean and healthy’ type of woman, maintaining that fresh-faced, radiant glow we all aspire to have.” As for what treatments or products Meghan might opt for, the expert added: “Without doubt, we can see that she most likely uses a combination of an age-defying serum, regular facial peels, and some hydration heroes. “She’s known to have name-dropped Kate Somerville in the past who has a world renowned aesthetics clinic and is a passionate believer in staying on top of cellular renewal with regular exfoliation and a great skincare range to use at home. READ MORE: Kate Middleton steps out in shorts during Bahamas boat trip “I wouldn’t be surprised if there was some retinol, vitamin C and/or a combination of AHA/BHA ingredients within Meghan’s everyday skincare routine, working its magic on those barely visible fine lines and wrinkles for her age." Diane commented: “Without the inside information on the specific routine of Meghan’s skin, we can certainly look to see what would achieve a similar luminosity with just a few tweaks to your everyday routine.” SPF is on many beauty expert’s list of recommended products but not for protecting against sunburn. People generally slather sunscreen on when on holiday, sitting in the sun, or during the summer when taking part in outdoor activities like swimming in the sea or walking. DON'T MISS...Prince William beats Prince Harry for 'most attractive' royal eyes [DATA]Meghan and Princesses Anne & Beatrice share an 'honest energetic aura' [HOROSCOPES]Queen Elizabeth surprises royal fans donning her Flower Basket brooch [PICTURES] While sunscreen protects against sunburns and skin cancer, there is another benefit - it helps reduce signs of skin ageing. Diane explained: “Without a doubt, Meghan is a keen SPF user. “Preventing UV radiation from attacking the skin is a sure anti-ageing technique. “It aids with premature ageing and blue light attack from digital devices, so no matter what the weather, or time of year, incorporating and SPF into your skin care routine is vital.” Evidence shows that using sunscreen every day helps slow down the skin’s ageing process. According to one study, people who use broad-spectrum sunscreen daily experience 24 percent less skin ageing than those who use sunscreen only intermittently. The study followed more than 900 people over a four-year period. It found that even participants who started daily sunscreen applications in their 40s and 50s showed reduced signs of skin aging.  You don’t need to spend a lot of money on suncream. Most suncreams from a supermarket or health stores are suffcient for good sun protection. The only reason to spend more money would be if you have sensitive skin or allergic reactions to cheaper creams. The single most important thing about sun protection cream is not how much they cost, but how well and regularly you apply them. As for what brand Meghan prefers, back in the summer of 2019, she was seen cradling a then baby Archie while Prince Harry played polo. In the background of the photos was a bottle of Nivea’s Sun Protect & Moisture SPF Spray, which costs just £6. You don’t need to spend a lot of money on suncream. Most suncreams from a supermarket or health stores are suffcient for good sun protection. The only reason to spend more money would be if you have sensitive skin or allergic reactions to cheaper creams. The single most important thing about sun protection cream is not how much they cost, but how well and regularly you apply them. As for what brand Meghan prefers, back in the summer of 2019, she was seen cradling a then baby Archie while Prince Harry played polo. In the background of the photos was a bottle of Nivea’s Sun Protect & Moisture SPF Spray, which costs just £6.