As Vladimir Putin's onslaught continued across Ukraine, the head of Russia's National Guard stepped away from tight-lipped protocol by saying the invasion was not going as quickly as originally envisaged. In what is being seen as the strongest acknowledgement so far, Viktor Zolotov, a close ally and former bodyguard of Putin, said: "I would like to say that yes, not everything is going as fast as we would like." He blamed Russia's poor progress on far-Right elements hiding among the Ukrainian population, playing on an accusation repeatedly used by Moscow to justify its invasion that neo-Nazis have infiltrated the nation. His comment on the official website of the Kremlin's National Guard came as a nine-storey block of flats in the Kyiv district of Obolon was hit. One resident was killed and three people were taken to hospital. Nine were treated at the scene and a further 63 people had to be evacuated. Obolon was one of numerous suburbs being targeted by missile strikes yesterday as Russian forces started to surround and bombard the capital. Authorities said two people died and seven were injured after a plane factory was struck just outside Kyiv, sparking a large fire. The Antonov factory is Ukraine's largest aircraft manufacturing plant and best known for producing some of the world's biggest cargo planes. A town councillor for Brovary, east of Kyiv, was killed in fighting and shells also fell on Irpin, Bucha and Hostomel, which have seen some of the fiercest fighting to resist the invaders' push towards the capital. Meanwhile, in Donetsk - in one of the two regions held by pro-Russian rebels - the Kremlin said 23 were killed and nine injured in a Ukrainian "cluster bomb" attack they described as a "war crime". There, a woman was pictured weeping over a dead man's body. The rebel separatists also showed what they said were fragments from a Tochka missile that landed in the city. Ukraine said the rocket was Russian and accused Moscow of a "false flag" operation. A senior US defence official said Putin's forces were being frustrated, with nearly all advances stalling. He added that there was a convoy of between 50 and 60 vehicles heading towards Izyum, south-east of Kharkiv. But there were no signs Russian forces were being boosted with more munitions or troops. However, the civilian and military death tolls continue to rise. The Ukrainian general prosecutor's office revealed some 90 children have been killed and more than 100 wounded since the invasion began nearly three weeks ago. Air strikes were reported across the country. In Kharkiv, Ukraine's second-biggest city in the east, firefighters doused the remains of a four-storey residential building on a street of apartments and shops. It was unclear whether there were casualties. Rockets also hit southern city Mykolaiv, and Chernihiv in the north, where power was cut. Explosions also rang out overnight around the occupied Black Sea port of Kherson. President Volodymyr Zelensky told Ukrainians in a TV address that he was hopeful of a meeting with Putin as a fourth round of virtual talks began yesterday morning. Diplomats remain sceptical about a breakthrough, but Zelensky said: "Our mission is clear: to do everything we can to ensure a meeting of the two presidents. The meeting I am sure people are waiting for." The Ukrainian leader promised every damaged building would be rebuilt at the end of the war. But he again warned Nato that if it did not act, its countries would be next on Putin's hit list. He said: "If you do not close our sky, it is only a matter of time before Russian missiles fall on your territory." Mariupol - besieged for nearly two weeks - again bore the brunt of "constant shelling, bombing and street battles". Officials and charities such as the Red Cross warn there is a desperate need for food, water, medicines and electricity. The southern city's deputy mayor Serhiy Orlov said: "The humanitarian crisis and genocide continues." He estimated its death toll has now risen above 2,500. Mariupol is seen as strategically important because capturing it would enable Russia to link up its forces in the Crimea and eastern Donbas region and control the coast. The UK's Ministry of Defence last night warned that the Russian navy had set up a "distant blockade" of the Black Sea coast which was isolating the country from international maritime trade. It also means the Kremlin can launch amphibious landings, with the historic port of Odessa seen as a critical target. Russian forces have also been shelling Mykolaiv just down the coast from Odessa. Authorities in Kyiv are trying to evacuate trapped civilians through 10 humanitarian corridors, including near the capital and in the eastern region of Luhansk. But there is cynicism as to whether Russia will keep to any ceasefire. The UN estimates some 2.7 million refugees have fled since the invasion began on February 24, with 1.7 million taken in by Poland. 'Our mission is to do everything to ensure a meeting of the two presidents'