Speaking on ITV's Lorraine, the actor was talking about being part of new drama Holding, based on the novel by Graham Norton. Lorraine Kelly took the opportunity to solve a Game of Thrones mystery though as she asked the star if he was the cast member who left a Starbucks coffee cup in view during a pivotal scene. "Now look, you were thrown under the bus," Lorraine commented. "Can I put it to you?" "Yes, go ahead," the 57-year-old replied during Thursday's show. Laughing, Lorraine continued: "Were you or were you not responsible for a Starbucks coffee cup being on set?" As a photo was shown of the moment a modern-day coffee cup was clearly visible in the HBO drama, she added: "There it is! The offending cup." READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role "And where am I?" asked Conleth, alluding to the fact the still depicts Emilia Clarke's character Daenerys Targaryen sat on the table next to the cup. "You're nowhere there," Lorraine pointed out, as the actor replied: "Thank you." The presenter added: "No you're not, it is sitting in front of a certain young lady..." Conleth commented: "I think I was to Emilia's left, sort of out of the frame. But I genuinely... no, it wasn't me." "It wasn't you!" Lorraine gasped, dismissing rumours the Varys actor had been responsible. "But I did take the blame for a while," the Game of Thrones icon admitted. "That was very noble and very kind of you," Lorraine responded. Conleth explained: "Well, she was getting - I think Sophie was laying into her, and David and Dan were laying into her saying it was definitely her because it's in front of her." DON'T MISS... Awkward moment Rishi Sunak tries to end GMB interview [VIDEO]Prince William labelled 'deeply embarrassing' over slavery statement [LATEST]Louise Minchin took BBC bosses by 'surprise' with exit [INTERVIEW] He went on: "I don't remember ever drinking coffee on set." "These things happen," Lorraine stated. "These things happen and it's okay!" The actor joked: "It's a talking point, it's an icebreaker." Conleth plays the role of PJ Collins in ITV's Holding, and later teased future episodes of the series. Lorraine remarked: "So look, with this whole new series are we going to get some more, because it has been so successful do you think we'll get some more?" "Well, I think it's possible," the star teased as Lorraine probed further. She replied: "You can't just leave them there when we've got to know and love them, we want more of this!" "I'd love it," he admitted. "And obviously we won't have all our cast members... without giving anything away. But it was just one of the happiest experiences." Lorraine airs weekdays at 9.30am, while Holding continues on Monday at 9pm on ITV.