Kevin Costner, 67, stars in biographical crime drama ‘Molly’s Game’ on BBC Two tonight. The Hollywood star plays the domineering father of the author Molly Bloom, whose dreams of being an Olympic skier tragically ended with injury. Jessica Chastain stars as Molly, who becomes a big a name in the gambling world after running a high-stakes poker game, which is then targeted by the FBI. The stellar cast of Aaron Sorkin’s debut film also features British star Idris Elba as Molly’s lawyer. “We watch it from across an ocean and sometimes we don't understand exactly what is going on. “She’s had enough attention for a lifetime now in a year.” The star was asked whether Meghan, who starred in US legal drama ‘Suits’ before marrying Prince Harry, could ever return to the acting world. Drawing on his own experiences, Kevin jokingly said: “It would be hard. “Why? Because if you're Harry — and he seems like a great guy – that’s why I’m not married to an actress. “I don't want to see my wife kissing somebody. I'm on Harry's side. “This is the step. I don’t want to be a person that is ever limiting somebody. “There is so much thought that goes into, number one, being a wife.” During the interview, Kevin also spoke about Diana being lined up for a ‘Bodyguard’ sequel before her tragic death in 1997. The star explained how Sarah, Duchess of York played a key part in arranging for the royal to appear in the film. DON'T MISS: 'They're getting cross!' Prince William and Kate in stitches after awkward photo moment [LATEST]Kate Middleton and Prince William’s horror as plane once caught in ‘heavy thunderstorms’ [INSIGHT]Royal poll: Are Commonwealth countries waiting for Queen to die to oust royals? [ANALYSIS] He said: “Sarah was really instrumental in that. Something I always admired about Sarah was how open she was to that idea and how supportive she was of the idea, and clearly how much she liked Diana. “When we lost her, that was tragic. Incredibly tragic, and private to me actually. I didn’t talk about it for a year, and somebody else talked about it and that’s how that story bubbled up a while ago. “There was a little discrepancy about whether it was true or not, and we worked our way through that. “But one of the things about Sarah that I don’t know people know is, Sarah in trying to help this along never once said, ‘Well what about me?’ “She never joked about it, she never hinted at it, she was all about Diana. It was really incredibly respectful the way she was.” ‘Molly’s Game’ airs on BBC Two tonight from 10pm.