How often you should clean your kettle depends largely on how often you use it. Though the exterior is easily cleaned, requiring nothing more than a wipe down once a week, cleaning the interior might be a little more confusing. However, the inside of your kettle does require some attention, especially if you are partial to a daily cup of tea. This is because limescale can begin to build up in your kettle, the result of hard water where calcium or magnesium are dissolved in the water. If you use your kettle daily, then it should be descaled around four times a year. In the face of rising energy bills, with the price cap set to soar by 54 percent, cleaning the inside of your kettle can also make it more efficient READ MORE: How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients This means it will take less time to boil, ultimately using less electricity. Though there are numerous products on the market which claim to help clean your kettle's interior, you might already have the solution hiding in a cupboard at home. White vinegar is hailed for its multi-purpose cleaning uses around the home, and this includes the inside of your kettle. Due to its high acidity, white vinegar is able to break down the calcium carbonate which makes up limescale. White vinegar also acts as a natural disinfectant for some household bacteria. DON'T MISSGarden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants [COMMENT]How to clean your hob using white vinegar and a toothbrush [INSIGHT]Why do I need to take my meter reading today? The best time to submit [EXPLAINER] To begin, create a solution of equal parts water and white vinegar. Pour the liquid into your kettle and bring it to a boil. Next, unplug the kettle and allow the boiled solution to sit for at least half an hour. This gives it plenty of time to work. Pour out the liquid and rinse the kettle with clean, clear water. While doing so, make sure not to get the element wet. Once all traces of limescale and vinegar have been rinsed away, give your kettle a wipe with a damp cloth, then leave it to air dry. If your kettle is made from stainless steel, you can use olive oil to shine the outside surface. Simply dip a soft cloth in olive oil and wipe it over the exterior. Then polish it away to leave your kettle gleaming. Once your kettle is completely dry, plug it in and fill three-quarters of the way full with water. Allow this water to boil and then discard to ensure your kettle is fully clean. If you are concerned about wasting water, why not keep this boiled water to one side to feed your houseplants once it has cooled down.