Holding is ITV's latest crime drama set in the beautiful Irish district of West Cork. While the series dives headfirst into a murder mystery plot, Holding is lined with plenty of dark humour along the way. Of course, some readers will already be well aware of the story of this new series. Holding comes from the mind of comedian and presenter Graham Norton, who originally published the book in 2016. Set in the fictional village of Duneen in West Cork, Holding is about a murder that rocks a tight-knit town but as the investigation continues, secrets begin to emerge. Norton's debut novel won the Irish Book Award for Popular Fiction in the same year and it soon caught the interest of director Kathy Burke and writers Dominic Treadwell-Collins and Karen Cogan. Now, six years later, it's time for Holding to make its big debut on ITV. READ MORE: Emmerdale youngster April Dingle devastated by dads health scare? Holding season one premieres on Monday, March 14, at 9pm on ITV. In total, the series is going to be made up of four one-hour-long episodes. A new episode will be released every Monday on ITV in the same timeslot. This means that the finale of Holding is going to air on Monday, April 4. There is another way of watching the new series if you're not keen on waiting each week for another episode. After the first episode is shown on ITV on March 14, the boxset will become available on the streaming service ITV Hub. The platform is free, with subscribers only needing to register an email address to gain access. This way, fans of Holding can binge-watch Norton's drama whenever they please. DON'T MISS...Vera's Brenda Blethyn shares huge update on new series [UPDATE]Coronation Street twist as Phill Whittaker's secret unveiled? [THEORY]Grantchester’s Will Davenport star on bosses 'rejecting' story ideas [EXPLAINER] As well as being based on a best-selling novel, Holding has got a very recognisable cast. Actor Conleth Hill, who is known for Game of Thrones, Dublin Murders, Suits and The Life and Times of Vivienne Vyle, portrays Sgt PJ Collins. He is joined by Derry Girls actress Siobhan McSweeney, This is England's Helen Behan, Normal People's Clinton Liberty and Bloodlands' Charlene McKenna. Father Ted actress Pauline McLynn also stars as nosy neighbour Eileen O'Driscoll. The first of four episodes will see the beginning of a murder investigation begin, waking up the once sleepy town. The synopsis reads: “When human remains are found in a sleepy Irish village, Sergeant PJ Collins finally has a genuine mystery to solve. "As the discovery ripples through the community, it threatens to expose decades of secrets.” Holding premieres on Monday, March 14, at 9pm on ITV.