Prince William, 39, and Kate, 40, are midway through a royal tour of the Caribbean in honour of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Representing the crown, many have praised Kate’s elegance as she sparkled at special receptions in Belize and Jamaica and swam with sharks. But a royal expert has said this road to embodying the values of the monarchy is one that Kate, who is increasingly taking on key senior royal duties, has long travelled. Royal author Tom Quinn described the Duchess as becoming “more regal” than even some members of the Royal Family - a quality that made the future Queen consort a “paradox”. For Mr Quinn, this was emphasised by the Duchess of Cambridge’s appearance at the late Duke of Edinburgh’s funeral in April 2021. He told Channel 5: "She has a kind of poise, almost a stillness, so I think all the focus, without her really trying was on her. She almost looked more regal than the Royal Family.” He added: "What a paradox that was, especially seeing as she wasn’t born into it." The Duchess of Cambridge married Prince William in 2011, at once starting a new phase of her life in the service of the monarchy. The royal couple are spending one final day in Jamaica, before jetting off to their final stop in the Bahamas. The pair, representing the Queen abroad, has been closely watched by the world’s media, attracting both praise for their trip and protests from the countries they visit. READ MORE: Fergie branded 'disaster of a royal' as she is to be left out of Crown In what has been described as a “charm offensive” by the monarchy in the wake of Barbados becoming a republic last year, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have faced opposition to their stay as royal representatives. On Wednesday, Prince William and Kate met with Jamaican Prime Minister, Andrew Holness, and his wife, who said the country was “very happy” to host the Duke and Duchess on their royal tour. However, Mr Holness added their trip was an “opportunity for issues to be addressed” with the backdrop of vocal protests in the country’s capital ahead of the couple’s arrival. He told the couple: "You will have seen the spectrum of expression yesterday". DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Queen urged to strip Prince Harry of major role [LIVE] Queen health update: Will the Queen attend Prince Philip's memorial? [REPORT] Royal POLL: Do YOU think William should have apologised to Jamaica? [POLL] Mr Holness said: "Jamaica is a very free and liberal country. "The people are very expressive and I'm certain that you will have seen the spectrum of expression yesterday, which as you would know is unresolved. "Your presence gives an opportunity for those issues to be placed in context, put front and centre, and to be addressed as best as we can." Just before the couple jetted from Belize City to the Jamaican capital of Kingston, protesters in Jamaica called for an apology from the future rulers and for reparations for the British role in slavery. Opal Adisa, who helped put together the protest outside the British High Commission building, joined the chorus calling for the monarchy to acknowledge and make amends for the slave trade. Ms Adisa called William and Kate “beneficiaries”, adding: “They are, in fact, complicit because they are positioned to benefit specifically from our ancestors, and we're not benefiting from our ancestors.” Prince William, in a speech at the Governor-General of Jamaica’s residence, said the “appalling atrocity of slavery forever stains our history”. He continued: “While the pain runs deep, Jamaica continues to forge its future with determination, courage and fortitude. “The strength and shared sense of purpose of the Jamaican people, represented in your flag and motto, celebrate an invincible spirit.”