Max Verstappen has claimed he and Charles Leclerc “get on very well” after a report claimed the two had a heated rivalry. Verstappen and Leclerc are tipped to be the 2022 title protagonists after both went head-to-head for the win at the Bahrain Grand Prix. However, the Dutchman has opened up on racing with his Ferrari rival, claiming the pair “enjoy our battles” on track. Verstappen said: “I never speak about these things with other drivers. I mean, it happens. I’ve lost wins, as well, and it’s not the end of the world, you move on. “I think Charles is one of the most talented drivers in Formula One and he will win many more races. I think we are just good competitors and we like racing, I think you saw that when we were battling hard and it was all good.” He added: “I would say back in the day it was a little bit more difficult, but also (we) were very young and growing up and you are fighting for the same goal, right? READ MORE: Max Verstappen says Red Bull 'still looking into' Bahrain GP problem “Now that you’re in Formula One, I think it is really different. You are representing really big brands. So we get on very well now. We can have a good chat and enjoy our battles, and I think that’s very nice. “Knowing each other for such a long time helps. We’ve spent so much time together, in a way.” The comments come after Sky Sports F1 pundit Anthony Davidson said Leclerc had never “forgiven” Verstappen for an incident in 2019. Leclerc was leading the Austrian Grand Prix in the closing stages with Verstappen hunting him down. Verstappen lunged up the inside and pushed him off the track at the turn three hairpin which cost Leclerc his debut win. Davidson warns the rivalry between the pair “stems back” to the incident and could play a factor in a possible 2022 title battle. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen shoots down F1's Netflix hopes [INSIGHT]Verstappen angered Italian press with Ferrari 'cheating' claim [COMMENT]Max Verstappen gives view on Leclerc amid reports of growing tension [ANALYSIS] He said: “I think Charles, every time he is with Max now, treats him differently and that's what I immediately say come into play in Bahrain. Max is going to have to rethink how he races him I think going forward from here. It is going to be interesting." The pair were rivals as youngsters and was involved in a karting incident in 2012 which has received notable attention on social media. After the karting shunt, a young Verstappen vented: “No, he is just unfair. I’m leading. He wants to pass, and he pushes me and I push him back and after that, he pushes me off the track. It’s not fair.” However, Leclerc replied: “Nothing, it’s just an incident on the race."