Alexander Edwards, 30, became "embroiled" with next-door neighbour Ian Cox when Edwards moved in with his mother Jane at the address. Edwards had a view down a valley until Mr Cox's hedge grew "out of control" in Conwy, north Wales. Edwards cut a hole in the hedge measuring several square feet on July 5 last year. There was no CCTV footage of the act - but he admitted it to Mr Cox, who reported the behaviour to police, reports North Wales Live. It was the climax of a long-standing feud between Mr Cox and his neighbours.Edwards had also shone a torch at his neighbour’s CCTV camera, sang rap music and goaded dogs into barking late at night.Edwards appeared at Llandudno Magistrates Court this week to admit harassing his neighbour and was ordered to do 80 hours of unpaid work.  The acts were branded "anti-social behaviour" in court. District Judge Gwyn Jones also imposed a four-year restraining order, prohibiting the defendant from contacting or approaching Mr Cox directly or indirectly. It also bans him from entering the curtilage of any property occupied by Mr Cox. The defendant must also pay £85 costs and a £95 surcharge.The judge said: "For whatever reason, you got embroiled in a dispute which is not of your making."Whatever the rights and wrongs of this matter, you conducted a series of little acts which caused harassment to your neighbour. It was anti-social behaviour." Mr Cox had reported issues with Mrs Edwards to Conwy Council as long ago as 2014, the judge heard.The problems worsened when her son came to live with her last year.  Rhian Jackson, prosecuting, said Mr Cox made a log of the behaviour and installed CCTV cameras. Edwards would encourage dogs to bark at midnight or 1am, shine a torch at the CCTV camera at night and sing rap music lyrics at Mr Cox. These included the line "I'm f****** gonna kill yer," said the lawyer.Edwards stuck up his middle finger towards Mr Cox in their street on another occasion. He did the same to Mr Cox in his van, then ran after him causing alarm, several months later. He even spat at Mr Cox's van window that same day.In a victim statement, Mr Cox said the incidents mean he cannot use his garden and he is reluctant to walk on their estate.""He just wants to be left alone to live a normal life," said Mr Jackson.Graham Parry, defending, said Edwards the hedge grew "out of control" and the defendant was allowed to cut the hedge, albeit on his own side.