As Putin’s cluster bombs rained down on Ukraine; as women and children were shot down by Russian guns, the buffoon Blackford thought this was a good time to start talking about how an independent Scotland would get rid of Trident. Seriously? So, at exactly the same time as Russia’s mad butcher Putin is talking about unleashing his nuclear arsenal on Ukraine this puffed up popinjay decides to say that we should get rid of ours? On what planet does that make sense? How can a politician read a room, a country, a world so very badly? Doesn’t he get that Ukraine is what happens when you don’t have a deterrent? Putin’s illegal invasion of this sovereign nation has made most other countries totally rethink their scaled down weapons policies. Doesn’t Blackford understand this war would probably never have happened if Ukraine had kept its nuclear base that it gave up in 1994 after a promise from world powers – including Russia – that we would protect its security? Or is he so consumed by the dream of an independent Scotland that it has rendered him not just stupid but ruthless and without compassion. Because how else could he exploit the humanitarian catastrophe unfolding in Ukraine to push for Scottish independence and the abolition of nuclear weapons here? So blind to reality is he that he refuses to accept that the whole point of nuclear weapons is that they act as a deterrent.  Do we think Putin would now be threatening to unleash his nuclear weapons if he knew Ukraine was capable of doing the same? Are there no depths to which these rabid nationalists won’t stoop in pursuit of their cause? They see everything through the prison of Independence – even, ironically, the destruction of an independent, sovereign nation. Blackford and his SNP cronies want to get rid of the nuclear deterrent here which if it happened would leave – Scotland together with the whole of the UK – exposed and at risk to terrorism and Russian aggression. In fact any kind of aggression. It’s bad enough that the SNP is responsible for Scotland’s failing education system and its health service but now Blackford and his ilk would leave Scotland isolated, alone and vulnerable. I hope to God the Scottish people are looking at and listening to this man who would expose all of us to exactly what is happening to Ukraine right now. I’ve never bought Blackford’s or Sturgeon’s claims that a majority of people in Scotland want independence. The Scottish people made it clear in 2014 that they didn’t and I believe they’d vote exactly the same way again.  But those people who still think an independent Scotland is a good idea should look at Blackford this week – and be terrified. His ludicrous argument that Scotland wouldn’t be alone because it would apply for membership of NATO isn’t just farcical, it’s fantastical. He has no idea whether or not NATO would ever accept Scotland or whether the country meets the political, economic and military standards required for membership. In his head (and only in his head) he imagines it’s a given and is using it as an argument to get rid of Trident. Do the Scottish people really want to put their safety, their security, their future in this man’s hands?