Ajax are expecting Erik ten Hag to leave after it emerged Manchester United had interviewed the 52-year-old about taking over at Old Trafford, according to reports. The Red Devils are exploring their options when it comes to permanent Ralf Rangnick successors. And it’s the Dutchman who is now in pole position to land the role. Manchester United are preparing to embark on another new adventure next season. They’re hoping to get this managerial appointment right, having seen the likes of David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer fail to bring back the glory days since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. United have now interviewed Ten Hag about taking over at the end of the campaign, with the Ajax boss highly-rated behind the scenes at Old Trafford. He took charge of Ajax back in November 2017 and has won multiple trophies in the time since playing an attacking, enterprising brand of football. Ten Hag learned his trade in coaching while working alongside Pep Guardiola at Bayern Munich and has created his own style in the time since. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And, after it emerged United had held talks with the Dutchman, the Daily Mail claim Ajax are expecting him to leave. That bodes well for United, who are unlikely to meet too much resistance when it comes to prising the 52-year-old away from the Johan Cruyff Arena. It will cost a fee in the region of £4million to secure Ten Hag’s signature, a relatively low amount for a club of the Red Devils’ size and stature. And Edwin van der Sar, who currently works at Ajax as a director, is likely to give the green light to any potential appointment. United have a good relationship with Ajax, not only because of the Van der Sar links but also because of their dealings with the club in recent years. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message They poached Daley Blind from the Eredivisie outfit back in the summer transfer window of 2014, when Van Gaal was boss. And they then negotiated a return for the Netherlands international four years later after he was deemed surplus to requirements by Mourinho, who was manager at the time. In 2020, United snapped up Donny van de Beek - paying a fee in the region of £40million to bring the midfielder in. Van der Sar, who spent six glittering years at Old Trafford during his playing days, was personally involved in the negotiations. And it now seems only a matter of time before Ten Hag moves to the Premier League, even though the club plan on talking with other candidates including Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag was recently quizzed on whether he’d been learning English ahead of a potential switch to England. And he smirked while saying: "We (already) talk English at the club because there are a lot of foreign players in Holland and they are already educated in English so (it makes sense)." United chief John Murtough, meanwhile, recently insisted the club were going through a ‘thorough’ process when it came to their next boss. Previously, when Solskjaer took charge on an interim basis in 2019, they planned to look at other candidates. However, after the Norwegian excelled during that spell, he was then given the keys to the club on a permanent basis instead. Murtough, though, has insisted United are keeping their options open at the current moment in time. "We know that consistency is key as we strive for a top-four finish this season," Murtough said at the start of the month. "I want to reiterate however that this is not the ultimate objective for Manchester United, and everyone at the club is focused on challenging for the top trophies. "We are now conducting a thorough process for the appointment of a new permanent manager who will take charge this summer, with the objective to get us back to challenging for those domestic and European titles."