A number of Chelsea players have contacted their lawyers in order to explore the possibility of tearing up their contracts at Stamford Bridge, according to reports. The Blues appear to be facing an uncertain future as things stand after Roman Abramovich, who has owned the club since 2003, was sanctioned by the UK government on Thursday amid Russia's ongoing invasion of Ukraine. The sanctions have left Chelsea unable to sell match-day tickets, merchandise or renegotiate contracts due to the new measures, which have left supporters unable to attend games unless they are season ticket holders. The European champions will also be forced to spend no more than £20,000 on travel to away matches as part of their licence to continue operating as a club. Chelsea players are now believed to be exploring potential escape routes in the event of the Blues slipping into financial armageddon over the next few months, according to The Telegraph. It is said that agents have been in contact with lawyers to discuss contingency plans in the event that salary payments are made late in the near future. A legal source is quoted as saying that players would need to go unpaid for two months before they would have 'clear just cause' to rip up their contracts after a 15-day notice period. JUST IN: Berbatov suggests Ronaldo's potential Man Utd exit plan - EXCLUSIVE However, a court may find in favour of a player if he or she wishes to leave Chelsea at an earlier stage given the circumstances surrounding Abramovich and the recent sanctions handed down to him. There is said to have been a clear sense of unity between the Blues squad in the wake of Thursday's news, but it seems likely that further issues could soon be on the horizon if the situation is not resolved over the coming weeks and months. Those in command in west London are said to be extremely concerned by the club's financial situation after their corporate accounts were temporarily restricted on Friday. They are worried that it will be impossible to keep all sections of Stamford Bridge open in the near future and would like to negotiate the terms of their licence with the UK government as a matter of priority. Chelsea issued a statement in response to the sanctions on Thursday in which they outlined their desire to explore the possibility of amending the current restrictions in place. "Chelsea Football Club has been advised that its owner Roman Abramovich has been sanctioned by the UK government," read the statement. "By virtue of his 100 per cent ownership of Chelsea FC plc and affiliated entities, Chelsea FC would normally be subject to the same sanctions regime as Mr Abramovich. "However, the UK Government has issued a general licence that permits Chelsea FC to continue certain activities. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE "We will fulfil our men’s and women’s team fixtures today against Norwich and West Ham, respectively, and intend to engage in discussions with the UK Government regarding the scope of the licence. "This will include seeking permission for the licence to be amended in order to allow the Club to operate as normal as possible. "We will also be seeking guidance from the UK Government on the impact of these measures on the Chelsea Foundation and its important work in our communities."The Club will update further when it is appropriate to do so." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here