Met Office weather forecasters have spent much of their time preoccupied with extreme winds and rain in 2022, having already named four storms this year. Corrie, Dudley, Eunice and Franklin came within three weeks of one another between January and February, tearing through Britain with winds over 100mph. The next significant system en route to the UK, while not named, could bring another type of disruption. Long-range weather charts from Netweather.tv have tracked a potentially notable snow deposit that could make landfall in less than two weeks. From Monday, March 21, forecasters with the organisation have identified a fast-moving snow system passing over Scotland and into England. A tight cluster of snow showers will first stick to Scotland's mountains and northernmost regions. Scottish highlands stand to gain approximately 100mm (4 inches) of snow from 6pm on Monday, with two patches of 65mm and 75mm (2.5 to 3 inches) on the southern border and over Yorkshire. READ MORE: UK weather warning: Jetstream jolt to spark 'dangerous' conditions Northern Ireland could also see a covering, but more limited at around 35mm (1.3 inches) over the northwest. By early on Tuesday, the snow will start moving further south, concentrating in Northern England between Sheffield and Edinburgh. The Scottish highlands remain high-risk for snow, as totals stick around 100mm, primarily over the Cairngorms. Coverage extends as far south as Wales by this point, again over the highest elevations at the Snowdonia National Park, where depths could reach 65mm. By 3am on March 22, the snow has moved off Scotland completely, sticking to Wales, the Midlands and Yorkshire. The system by then should cover most of Wales with 65mm (2.5 inches) depths but with the most snow in the Lake District and its surrounding areas. Totals should max out at 90mm (3.5 inches) but stick between 70mm and 85mm (2.7 and 3.3 inches) nearby. Towards mid-morning on March 22, around 9am, the snow will extend its furthest south. Totals between 25mm and 55mm (1 and 2 inches) will dominate a sliver of southeast England between London and Peterborough, with 20mm (0.7 inches) around Norwich and Hull. Snow depths will increase further north, spreading around the northwest and Wales. Netweather has plotted red spots around higher land in Wales and Northern England, where snow could pile up to 70mm (2.7 inches). In Sheffield, the system could add another 15mm to 20mm (0.6 and 0.7 inches), bringing the depth to 70mm and 75mm (2.7 to 3 inches). On England's border with Wales, Netweather predicts snow depths would reach between 40mm and 50mm (1.5 to 2 inches), rising back to 75mm (3 inches) over the Welsh mountains. While Netweather predicts a wall of snow for March 22, other forecasters aren't convinced. WXCharts, which uses data from MetDesk, predicts rain, not snow, will pelt the country during the same period. The organisation predicts some occasional snow concentrated around Scotland and Yorkshire, but only between 1cm and 5cm (1.3 to 2 inches).