Even if you don’t believe you have a beer belly, you may be at more risk than you realise. Around 26 percent of men in the UK are overweight, and in many cases, the excess pounds are situated around the stomach in the form of visceral fat. So what can you do to get rid of a beer belly? One PT shared his top exercise and diet tips. Tom Opper, an online personal trainer at Top Fitness said: “Men are often more likely than women to have a beer belly for a couple of different reasons. “Firstly, men tend to favour beer as their go-to drink more than women, and are also more likely to binge-drink than women. “Secondly, where we store excess body fat is determined by our genetics, and men generally tend to hold body fat around their belly, while women more often store body fat around the hips and thighs.” It is impossible to target fat loss in one area, instead, you should focus on losing weight more generally. To do this, Tom said: “You need to regulate your calorie consumption and - ideally - increase your activity levels in order to ensure your body is burning enough calories.” READ MORE: Michael Mosley's secret ingredient for healthy chocolate brownies The most effective way to lose weight is to consume fewer calories than you burn in a day. But calorie counting in the long term can be really disheartening. Tom suggests a strategy known as “calorie borrowing” which means you can still lose weight, but eat the things you enjoy. Instead of having a daily calorie allowance, 2,000 calories for example, try having a weekly “budget” of 14,000 calories instead. Tom explained: “You can then plan ahead and schedule in a couple of lower-calorie days at 1,500 calories to give yourself an extra 1,000 calories to use how you like. “For lower calorie days, prioritise protein-rich foods – which are more filling than carbohydrates or fats – and vegetables, which are both low in calories and extremely rich in the important nutrients.” DON'T MISS...Nutritionist's 5 healthy food swaps to lose weight quickly [EXPERT]Weight loss: Michael Mosley’s 2 exercises you need to do every day [INTERVIEW]Jane McDonald lost 4st by making three diet swaps [PICTURES] If you’re looking to eradicate that beer belly once and for all, it’s vital you don't neglect the weight rack for hours of torturous cardio. To burn fat you're going to need a quick and efficient metabolism; the easiest way of achieving this is to lift weights and put on muscle, as your body will need to burn more calories in order to keep those muscles fed. A Harvard study revealed your body's metabolism can be increased for up to 48 hours after a weight training workout. A pint of beer is equivalent to 240 calories, while a lager is around 180. Tom said: “If you’d usually drink five pints of five percent lager on a Friday night, this would equate to just under 1,200 calories, which roughly equates to about five Mars Bars.” By reducing the amount of beer you drink, it can help shift the weight around your midriff. You don’t have to cut out beer entirely, swapping to low-calorie, or even zero-alcohol beers can help. Alternatively, swap a beer for a gin and slimline tonic, which is around 56 calories for a single measure. Sleep is crucial for fat loss and Tom suggests “getting seven to nine hours of sleep per night”. Establishing a regular sleeping pattern also “comes with tremendous physical and psychological benefits”. The expert explained to The Sun what a bad night’s sleep can do: “You naturally crave sugary, fatty and highly-calorific foods the day after a night of bad sleep, to give you a much-needed energy boost when you’re tired.” This can then lead to overeating and weight gain.