 The Kent MP and Sir Keir have clashed before on this issue which led to Ms Duffield’s absence from the Labour Party Conference in September. Keir Starmer and other Labour MP’s have been criticised for giving confusing or nondescript answers during such discussions after the Labour leader became flustered and concluded his ‘argument’ saying: “I don’t think that discussing this issue in this way helps anyone”.    Speaking on ITV’s Peston, Ms Duffield sent a stark message to the Labour leader of unrest in the party. She said: “I think the Prime Minister nailed it, actually, in PMQs last Wednesday when he just gave a good answer to Angela Richardson's question, which was to separate gender ID and biological sex, and it is disappointing that my party can't do it.” The Kent MP added that her positive view of the PM’s statement is also held by “the majority of MP’s” she knows in the House. Conservative MP Angela Richardson questioned Boris Johnson on the interim Cass report that “highlights the need for more research into why so many young girls are presenting with gender distress”. The Prime Minister replied: “When it comes to distinguishing between a man and a woman, the basic facts of biology remain overwhelmingly important.”   He had previously stated: “This is one of those issues that the whole house is coming to realise is one that requires extreme sensitivity, tack, love and care. “We must recognise that when people want to make a transition in their lives that they should be treated with maximum possible generosity and respect.” In comparison, Keir Starmer said to Nick Ferrari on LBC Radio, “I’m not…I don’t think we can conduct this debate with…I don’t think that discussing this issue in this way helps anyone in the long run” as he was grilled on if “a woman can have a penis”. In an interview with The Times, Sir Keir also said: “A woman is a female adult and, in addition to that, trans women are women, and that is not just my view – that is actually the law.” READ MORE: Spain: Weather warning issued for tourist destinations   After such comments author JK Rowling tweeted: “Among the thousands of letters and emails I’ve received are disillusioned members of Labour…Women are scared, outraged and angry at the deaf ear turned to their well-founded concerns.” She added: “Keir Starmer publicly misrepresents equalities law, in yet another indication that the Labour Party can no longer be counted on to defend women’s rights.” Mr Peston further questioned Ms Duffield as he insinuated that Keir Starmer struggles to find words to define what a woman is, she said: “He really does, yeah, and the longer he struggles to say it in those clear terms, like Wes Streeting did brilliantly this morning, the more he's going to get asked those questions. DON'T MISS:Brexit POLL: Should UK just REFUSE to pay any more toward EU pensions? (POLL)Low-income Britons could get a cash boost of £1,200 (INSIGHT)Lewis Hamilton's Mercedes engineer had X-rated message for Brit (REVEAL)  “It's been going on for months and months and months now so if he sort of nailed it once and for all I think it would all die down a little bit and it would help those of us who have been in the middle of the argument.” Rosie Duffield chose not to attend the Labour Party conference in September after receiving threats and being labelled transphobic which she categorically denies. Keir Starmer previously took a swipe at Ms Duffield after she stated that “only women have a cervix” which the labour leader said was wrong. The Labour leader encouraged a more “considered, respectful, tolerant debate” despite himself turning a deaf ear to the comments and criticisms of Ms Duffield and Ms Rowling. 