Alan Davies was welcomed onto BBC Breakfast on Tuesday morning to discuss the controversy surrounding a joke Chris Rock made at the Oscars. Will Smith got onstage at the awards ceremony and struck Chris after he commented on the actor’s wife, Jada Pinkett Smith's appearance. Chris’ joke compared Jada’s appearance to G.I Jane, something many have taken issue with as the actress has alopecia. Many BBC viewers were left outraged as Alan defended the joke on Tuesday’s show.    Speaking on BBC Breakfast, Alan shared his thoughts on the drama that unfolded at the Oscars. He said: “I have a little difficulty with people saying that they’re offended and getting upset and wanting comedians to moderate what they say. “My instinct and any comedian’s instinct is always when you’re told to moderate what you say your instinct is always to do the opposite. “I’m sure that’s Chris Rock’s instinct,” Alan commented.   The comedian continued: “I’m a fan of Chris Rock, I’ve got tickets to see him at the Albert Hall in May. So I’m an apologist for him. "But, I don’t think he meant to reference that and I don’t think the reaction was in any way reasonable. "So yeah, I’ll stick up for the comic I’m afraid,” he said. Alan also questioned why Will wasn’t stopped from getting on stage: “Where were the security?”  The comedian insisted that if someone hit a comedian at a regular comedy gig they would be removed from the venue by security staff. Alan suggested Will's “meltdown” at the Oscars came as a result of the pressure put on him as a public figure. He said: “I feel sorry for him. There’s too much made of the Oscars. Too much pressure on them all. “Too many interviews, too much stuff to do. Their brains must be exploding,” Alan remarked. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Romantic reunion for Fiz Stape and Tyrone [THEORY]Piers Morgan's new show 'Uncensored' set to launch next month [UPDATE]All Creatures Great and Small boss describes ‘scary’ pigs on set [INSIGHT]  However, after watching Alan defend Chris, BBC viewers took to Twitter to complain. “Alan Davies just doesn't get the point. Would anyone tolerate their spouse to be insulted with a jibe about their illness?” @myrealm123 commented. “@alandavies1 how dare you defend someone who used a person's medical condition for his cheap comment in front of the audience and millions of people around the world. What would you be saying if he made deaf jokes about the cast of CODA, would you still be apologising for him?” @Pookietherabbit fumed. “@BBCBreakfast Alan Davies SHOULD NOT have wholeheartedly supported that disgusting little boy and his playground 'humour'. Chris Rock KNEW it was wrong and hurtful. He IS the one who should apologise,” @thespeeddemon1 said. @linnea_1987 wrote: “F**k off Alan Davies, don't pretend Chris Rock wasn't getting at Jada due to her hair loss and say it was about her dress. #BBCBreakfast why are you asking a comedian who wasn't there what his opinion is?”   Meanwhile, others agreed with Alan and insisted the American comedian’s joke was fine. @scouser221b said: “@BBCBreakfast I agree with Alan Davies. I am on the side of Chris Rock.” “Alan Davies on BBC Breakfast calling the Will Smith Chris Rock incident right. Chris Rock said nothing wrong and Will Smith needs to take a look at himself,” @Dilligaffer1 posted. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC. 