In his 2014 autobiography titled If The Cap Fits: My Rocky Road to Emmerdale, Halliwell spoke openly about his past struggles with addiction and mental health, including one time where he was arrested for sleeping rough in an empty government building in London. Speaking to The Mirror back in 2014, Halliwell said: “There's depression, drinking and having to fight your way out of situations. I've lived all those things – and more.” Having received treatment from a clinic in York, Halliwell was able to deal with his alcoholism, but years of drinking led to some ongoing health problems, especially with his heart.  In 2018, the actor took a break from the soap for several months to have a pacemaker fitted following some heart problems. Overall Halliwell missed five months of work, but returned to the fictional Yorkshire village as Zak in 2019. Following his emergency surgery, Halliwell told The Sun: “I'm back at work in a few weeks and feeling fitter than ever after having a pacemaker fitted in September. “It’s done me the world of good and I feel fantastic.  READ MORE: Blood clots: Did you know symptoms can arise in the belly area? Signs to spot The NHS explains that a pacemaker is a small electrical device that sends electrical pulses to your heart to keep it beating regularly and not too slowly. In the UK, pacemaker implantation is one of the most common types of heart surgery carried out, with many thousands of pacemakers fitted each year. If the heart’s electrical signals become disrupted for several reasons, it can lead to a number of potentially dangerous health conditions such as: Therefore, having a pacemaker can significantly improve an individual's quality of life, especially if they have problems with a slow heart rate. The device can be lifesaving for some people.  Having a slow heart rate is also known as bradycardia and typically affects elderly people. In adults a resting heart rate of fewer than 60 beats per minute (BPM) can qualify as bradycardia. A heart rate that’s too slow can cause insufficient blood flow to the brain. Symptoms of bradycardia include: There are multiple different causes of bradycardia, one of which is damage to the heart from heart disease or a heart attack - a life threatening condition that occurs when the blood flow that brings oxygen to the heart is reduced or cut off completely. Some heart attacks are sudden and intense. But most start slowly, with mild pain or discomfort. It is important to call 999 if you or someone you know starts to experience the following:  A pacemaker consists of a pulse generator, which has a battery and a tiny computer circuit and one or more wires known as pacing leads, which attach to the heart. The pulse generator emits electrical impulses through the wires to your heart. The rate at which the electrical impulses are sent out is called the pacing rate. Almost all modern pacemakers work on demand. This means they can be programmed to adjust the discharge rate in response to your body's needs. Pacemaker surgery is usually carried out under local anaesthetic, meaning individuals are awake during the procedure. The procedure usually takes about an hour, and most people are able to leave hospital on the same day or a day after surgery. 