People inside Manchester City were reportedly left stunned by Roy Keane after he included the England defender in his all-time Premier League XI - despite the Manchester United lambasting the same player last season live on Sky Sports. City took on Liverpool at the Etihad last season, drawing 1-1 in an end-to-end game that had a multitude of chances for both teams. However, whilst City's performance as a whole was impressed, Keane publicly aired his frustrations at Walker for his role in Liverpool's goal. "[Sadio] Mane is up against an idiot. People think Kyle Walker is playing well. I don't think so, he keeps making mistakes," Keane said during the game back in November 2020. "He's an international, 30 years old and he's a car crash." It was a pretty damning statement to make of a player who has been a largely consistent component of Pep Guardiola's side for the last five seasons. But Keane has now made a miraculous u-turn - by including Walker in his best-ever Premier League XI on Gary Neville's The Overlap recently. And according to The Athletic, City chiefs were shocked by the Irishman's change of heart given his previous comments. Keane was similarly scathing in his assessment of United's performance as they lost 4-1 to City on Sunday. "Shameful. Really unacceptable. It is a reflection of where the team and the club is. So far behind the other teams," Keane said. "The way we saw Manchester United, whatever is going on in the dressing room, and you hear noises all the time, you hear problems with the new manager coming in, but pride should kick in at some stage. "I forgive mistakes but there were five or six players that should never play for Manchester United again. Shameful. "Forgive the lack of quality because City are the champions but this is Manchester United in a derby match. They threw the towel in. City weren't at their best. They toyed with them a bit. "They gave up, shame on them. Subs coming on were not prepared to run around. Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Fred. [Marcus] Rashford when he came on. I could go on. "Egos come into it, you leave egos at the front door, these guys are all about how am I looking? Are my boots nice? Is my hair looking good? Play the game! "You’re at Man United, we’re looking at the fans behind the goal and they know, they’re not daft, this team we’re supporting have given up.” United currently sit just one point behind fourth-placed Arsenal, although the Gunners have three games in hand. And the Red Devils will look to avenge their loss to City on Saturday with a win against Tottenham.