The three officers are yet to be sentenced but could face some of the harshest penalties for their crimes. Tou Thao, 36, J Alexander Kueng, 28, and Thomas Lane, 38, were charged with depriving Floyd of his constitutional right to medical care as their fellow officer Derek Chauvin murdered him. Throughout the ordeal, Kueng knelt on Floyd’s back, Lane held his legs and Thao kept bystanders back. Kueng and Lane both said they deferred to Chauvin as the senior officer at the scene. Thao testified he relied on the other officers to care for Floyd’s medical needs as his attention was elsewhere. A federal jury also found the conduct of the three officers during Mr Floyd's arrest in the US city of Minneapolis on 25 May 2020 caused his death at the age of 46.  READ MORE: George Floyd's four-year-old great-niece identified as shooting victim Thao and Lane also were charged with failing to intervene to stop Chauvin. Chauvin kneeled on Mr Floyd’s neck for more than nine minutes. Footage of his death went viral at the height of coronavirus lockdowns around the world and sparked a huge backlash and questions over policing tactics used in the USA. Chauvin was convicted of murder last year in state court, then pleaded guilty in December in the federal case and remains in prison for his crimes on a term of 22 and a half years. The video of his death sparked international condemnation and protests across the world against racist policing practices. The three will also face a separate trial in June on state charges alleging that they aided and abetted murder and manslaughter. Brandon Williams, Floyd's nephew, said: "That's historic for our country, because oftentimes officers kill black and brown men and women, and we get little to no consequences. "A lot of times we don't even get charges, let alone convictions." Philonise Floyd, George's bother, said after the verdict was read: "This is just accountability. “It could never be justice because I can never get my brother back."  DON'T MISSDonald Trump blasts Joe Biden over Russia's invasion of Ukraine [INSIGHT]President Joe Biden ridiculed for blunder during State of the Union [REPORT]George Floyd's four-year-old great-niece identified as shooting victim [INSIGHT] Prosecutors have not yet said what sentence they will request, but the men may face many years in prison. Violation of a person’s civil rights under the USA’s constitution that results in death is punishable by life in prison or even the death penalty. However, such sentences are extremely rare.