When the weather warms up, ants can suddenly start to appear in gardens and homes. Now, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have unveiled a hack for ousting ants without using harmful chemicals. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning sensation who became famous on social media for sharing her cleaning, tidying, DIY and gardening tips. She now has over 4.3 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Fans of hers have created their own cleaning and gardening groups on social media to share their own tips. On one of the groups, Facebook user Bev Louise asked: “ANTS. I seem to have the problem each year. “My kids refuse to play in the garden because it’s swarming with ants. READ MORE: ‘I learnt the hard way’: Monty Don shares warning over tulip bulbs “Thinking early this year. Do any of you have foolproof remedies aside from the usual vinegar and hot water, which I might add do absolutely nothing to them? “I’ve noticed by my back gate there’s already swarms of them under my neighbour’s rubbish bin. “I suspect that’s the root cause and I never noticed before as that’s right near the usual entry point.” Bev’s post received over 50 comments and varying responses.  DON'T MISSCleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home [INSIGHT]House prices map: 10 regions see valuations soar across the UK [UPDATE]‘The risk is real’: Monty Don shares warning on Gardeners’ World [ANALYSIS] However, the most popular response was to use talcum powder. Kirsty Gillies said: “Orange peel in vinegar for two weeks, then pour into a spray bottle. “It won't kill them, but they don't like it. “I have also used talcum powder as they won't cross it.” Tania Johnson replied: “Talcum powder! If you know where they are coming in? “We had them keep getting in our kitchen and when we found where they were coming in, we popped a bit down and never had them again. “Obviously, it might be a bit harder being outside. “But if you can see them by your back gate, sprinkle a load of powder down (bonus is it’s safe for kids and pets).” Rita Dawe agreed and said: “Talcum powder is good.” Johnson's Baby Powder 500g can be bought from Superdrug for £1.49. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Sainsbury's Little Ones Baby Powder 400g is available to buy for £1.50. Essential Sensitive Talc is £1.20 from Waitrose. Johnson's Baby Powder 200g can be bought from Wilko for £1. Other similar options included using cream of tartar, icing sugar and bicarbonate of soda. Kate Wills said: “Cream of tartar around the holes. They hate it and won’t cross it. Humane option. “Then fill the holes. I had them once in a rented kitchen as they lived in the window bricks of the kitchen. “They didn’t need to be dead. They just needed to not be route marching around my kitchen.” Dot Obrien replied: “Put sugar under the bin they will take it back to the nest and it will do the job.” Vicki Keane said: “We have had an ant problem for last five years.  “We have used many different ant powders, spray, pastes, etc and nothing ever worked. “They started to get in the house so I had to fill up holes I didn't know I had around the doors. “Then last year I got really fed up, I made a mix of part icing sugar and part baking soda/bicarbonate of soda and sprinkled it on the nests in the garden. “Everyone told me not to, telling me ‘it’s a icing sugar mix, it will attract them and make it worse’. “I did it once, left it for a week, then repeated it again and poured hot water on top. The nests dried out shortly after that. “They usually appear around mid-February for us and they haven't returned this year - so far!”