Meena (played by Paige Sandhu) has been in prison for weeks, waiting for her moment to take to the stand and profess she had nothing to do with the murders of several beloved Emmerdale characters. Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker) has been in a dilemma over whether she should testify as she has developed deep anxiety over the guilt she feels for her sister's crimes. However, it seems the doctor's days could be numbered as her younger sibling is going to make a new friend behind bars in next week's episodes of the ITV soap. The drama begins as Meena is determined she is going to walk free from her crimes, believing she does not deserve to spend time in jail. Although, she also wants to put on a show as she craves the attention of the public for the murders she committed in the village. Whilst the villain gleams with delight in prison, her sister Manpreet decides she is going to testify after all and accepts Ethan Anderson's (Emile John) help to prepare her for the battle of a lifetime. It's not too long before the killer discovers what her sibling is up to and this only gets her more fired up to put on a performance. Meena thrives off the fact she is going to be able to publicly destroy Manpreet and blame her for the death of Andrea Tate (Anna Nightingale). READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith However, Manpreet does become dubious of her sister when Wendy Posner (Susan Cookson) is called forward as a witness for the defence. Needing to be more prepared than ever for what's about to come her way, the doctor ensures Ethan has covered every basis with her. Manpreet soon confides in Wendy about taking to the stand, who is also worried about her day in court as she knows how serious the case is. Whilst the lives of the villagers continue to unfold in the Dales, back in prison, it seems Meena has made a new acquaintance. With her skills of manipulation, it seems the villain has managed to get a prison officer wrapped around her little finger. The first time viewers will notice Meena is in cahoots with the prison officer is when he slips her a bar of chocolate. Meena is delighted her charm offensive has worked and the gifts don't stop there as the jail official bows to her whim. Later the same day, he manages to slip the killer a newspaper that has her story splashed across the front page of it. Wanting attention on her, the murderer is over the moon she is the person everyone is going to be talking about. As she sits and waits for her day in court, she dwells on the fact she is going to make Manpreet's life a living hell. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Emma Atkins left 'devastated' by Charity Dingle's fate [COMMENT]Hayley Tamaddon health: Star was left in 'agony' after IBS flare up [COMMENT]Louise Jameson admits making 'wrong choice' with Emmerdale audition [COMMENT] In a new theory by Express.co.uk, however, it seems Meena doesn't just want to see Manpreet suffer publicly but she also wants her dead. With a prison officer on side and with him doing just about anything the villain asks for, Meena could enlist his help for a bigger job. She could persuade him to get in contact with a hitman for her and to task them with silencing her sister once and for all. Wanting to please the killer, the jail official would carry out the request, meaning the killer would have put in an order for Manpreet's death. Of course, she would be angry she didn't get to do it herself but she would also rejoice in the fact she finally got her revenge. This could work against Meena, however, as it wouldn't take the court officials too long to put the pieces of the puzzle together. If the villain thought this would help her reclaim her freedom, she would be mistaken as this could only increase her prison time. Realising what he's done is criminal, the prison officer could turn himself in and land the killer in a huge mess as he tells the authorities everything. With nowhere to run, this would be Meena's final appearance on the show as she would be sentenced to life behind bars. The villain would be seething as she would know this would mean she couldn't take anyone else's life or live her own out of jail. The actress who plays Meena, Paige, has spoken out in the past about her character leaving the show as the natural end of the storyline. Paige explained: "This is the beginning of the end for Meena but there's more drama to come," she told ITV's This Morning. In another interview, she explained: "The ending’s incredible, better than I could ever have imagined, and I have already started crying. “[Meena] is a psychopath and believes nobody will ever get the better of her. Psychopaths are incapable of feeling fear like we can," she told The Mirror. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.