Squid Game showrunner Hwang Dong-hyuk has dropped a huge bombshell after he revealed he was “brainstorming and collecting the ideas” for another season of the popular South Korean survival drama. After its huge success worldwide, the writer reportedly has no plans on stopping after season one, promising viewers another killer instalment to binge out on. Hwang hinted in the process that breakout star Jung Ho-yeon could return for a new role in the drama as a “twin sister”. Gesturing beside him on the red carpet at this year’s PGA Awards to Jung, who plays Kang Sae-byeok, in the show’s first season, he said: “Let’s say maybe she has a twin sister, you’ll see.” Standing beside him, the actress chuckled: “I could change my hair colour. “Let’s do a little plastic surgery,” she told Deadline. READ MORE:Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show Later, Hwang told viewers to expect better challenges from its cut-throat players. He said: “There will be more great games, that’s all I can say. “I’m just still brainstorming and collecting the ideas for season two. “I haven’t even started with the writing yet,” said the 50-year-old storyteller. Fans were delighted when Hwang confirmed he would return for season two last November. The season finale begins shortly after Sae-byeok is killed at the hands of Sang-woo (Park Hae-soo), leaving him and Gi-hun (Lee Jung-jae) as the last remaining players in the game. The final challenge sees Gi-hun square off against Sang-woo in a bloody knife fight, Refusing to be corrupted by the game, Gi-hun spared Sang-woo's life and decided to forfeit the prize money and return home. In a shocking twist,  when Gi-hun returns to Sang-woo to inform him of his decision, his childhood best friend slices his own neck. In his final moments, Sang-woo requested that Gi-hun accept the prize money and help his mother. But whether some of the late characters could make a return is yet to be discovered. Speaking to The Korea Herald, Jung confessed: "To be honest, I have never thought about [participating in] the next season, because I am dead." “We should all wait for brilliant imagination and ideas from the director and Netflix.” The actor and model remarked: “Let's wait together." When discussing the popularity of the Netflix series, Jung said: "I am honoured and feel thankful [to the viewers] for loving my performance in the series. “But I am well-aware of how much work I have to do and learn to become a better actor.” Squid Game season 1 is streaming now on Netflix. Season 2 has been confirmed.