Baking soda and white vinegar are the go-to products for almost every cleaning task, being used in the kitchen, bathroom and anything in between. These pantry staples are unmatched for their stain removing and bacteria-fighting properties, but the jury is still out on whether a soda-vinegar solution is the ultimate cleaning duo. Using these two products separately will leave your home gleaming without using harsh chemicals, but what could happen if you mixed them together? Some of the most effective cleaning solutions can be found in your kitchen cupboard, but it doesn’t mean that they are always safe to mix together. While it’s obvious that mixing bleach with harsh chemicals can be dangerous, combining other common products should also be avoided. Unlike chemical bleach mixtures, combining white vinegar and baking soda is unlikely to cause any real harm, but it is unlikely to harbour any real cleaning powers. READ MORE: Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how The acid content in vinegar is the key to lifting stubborn dirt and polishing shiny surfaces. When combined with powdery baking soda, the once-powerful acid loses its appeal, rendering your vinegar-soda duo ineffective. While the fizzing motion can be useful for a split second, it will not provide effective cleaning powers once the carbonic acid mixture decomposes. Once the enticing fizz of the combined ingredients stops, the mixture is turned into a useless liquid made up of: Combining these two ingredients might not leave you with the cleaning powerhouse you hoped for, but don’t let it stop you using them around the house. Instead of mixing the two ingredients into a volatile liquid, make use of the short-lived fizzing motion by using them separately in a multi-stage approach. For the best results, you should: DON'T MISS:How to stain a fence: Refresh your garden fence for spring in 4 steps [INSIGHT]Energy bills: The flooring that could slash 10 percent off energy bill [REVEAL]Spring cleaning: The cleaning task you're probably forgetting [ANALYSIS] If you’re looking for an effective baking soda paste, ditch acidic vinegar for sparkling water. Still water will work too, but the fizzing motion will be even more intense when using a carbonated liquid. For a stain-fighting paste, mix one tablespoon of baking soda into a clean bowl with a few drops of water. Add more water until you achieve a thick yet spreadable paste. Buff into fabric stains and scrub onto dirty surfaces to banish deep-rooted grease and grime. This non-toxic paste is highly effective on a number of surfaces, but take care when using it on delicate materials. To maximise the cleansing properties of white vinegar, use essential oils for an antimicrobial additive to your DIY cleaners. White vinegar works best with fragrant scents to minimise its natural odour and is just as effective when diluted with water. If you don’t mind its pungent aroma, use white vinegar as a stand-alone liquid to soak showerheads and loose items. This acidic solution is perfect for hard water stains, while baking soda is best used to cut through grease and correct discolouration.