Mark is currently taking centre stage in an important storyline on Emmerdale as Marlon suffered a stroke during last week's episodes. The ITV soap is portraying the reality of the illness, which can happen to anyone at any age regardless of their lifestyle choices. For some, the general consensus is a stroke only happens to someone who is a lot older than the actor who plays Marlon but Mark has spoken out on the prevalence of showing how someone even his age can have their life changed in the blink of an eye. The soap star has been on the show for over 25 years, meaning he has played the character of Marlon for almost half of his life. Mark was born on August 28, 1968, which means he is currently 53-years-old and later this year, he will be celebrating his 54th birthday. Therefore, when the actor first appeared on the weeknight serial drama in 1996 as the beloved villager, he was just 28-years-old. He is not the only famous person to celebrate their birthday on this day as there are a number of high profile celebrities who share it with him. They include the likes of Hollywood star Jack Black, Country singer Shania Twain, lead singer of Florence and the Machine, Florence Welch, and actress Jennifer Coolidge. READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith Mark touched upon age with regards to having a stroke in a video explaining the importance of getting help as soon as possible for someone who has suffered from one. Speaking to viewers, the actor said: "Emmerdale has worked with some amazing people on this storyline, including the Stroke Association, clinicians and survivors, people who have actually been through it. "Now strokes can happen to anyone, at any age, at any time and they happen every five minutes in the UK. "50 percent of survivors are dependant on others for their everyday needs and sadly one in seven strokes are fatal. “Hopefully there is some really helpful information we can take from Marlon’s story, the most important is the acronym F.A.S.T, we can use this to identify symptoms of a stroke in you or someone else." The actor also added: "Working with Emmerdale’s research team and The Stroke Association on this storyline has been a total eye-opener for me. "We hear the word stroke bandied around a great deal, but being confronted with the sheer weight of numbers in this country alone has been a shock. "It’s an enormous responsibility to try to get it right for the survivors and their families, and for those who’ve lost loved ones to this awful event." Despite Marlon still being so young, he is going to have a long road to recovery as he and his partner, Rhona Goskirk (played by Zoe Henry) try to navigate their new world together. Discussing how long it will take a man of his age to recover from having a stroke, the soap star admitted this is just the beginning and it's going to continue for some time yet. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Emma Atkins left 'devastated' by Charity Dingle's fate [COMMENT]Hayley Tamaddon health: Star was left in 'agony' after IBS flare up [COMMENT]Louise Jameson admits making 'wrong choice' with Emmerdale audition [COMMENT] "I don't think he’s going to get to where he wants to be for a long time," the soap star told Express.co.uk and other media. "We're just at the beginning of his journey. He can't work anymore, and he feels, wrongly, that he can't be the dad he wants to be anymore, which is everything to him, because of his incapacitation. "He has a thrombectomy and they drag the clot out and it's only the beginning of the story really. "It helps with his facial drooping in the first instance, but he's still got a very long journey about learning how to speak and all that stuff again. "It's all down his right side and so his arm, his leg and his mouth are all quite badly affected, so he has trouble. "He goes through phases. He's got a phase where it affects his speech and being able to express himself properly." The beloved villager was reportedly born on March 20, 1974, which would make Marlon 48-years-old, a whole five years younger than the actor who plays him. Before the character suffered his stroke, he was shocked to find all his loved ones had prepared a surprise birthday for him. This included them dressing up in chef's whites and wearing masks with Marlon's face on it to tie in with the theme of the party. Following the reveal of the surprise, Marlon and Rhona proceeded to propose to one another and forgetting the ring, Marlon ran home to get it. He was later found by his teenage daughter, April Windsor (Amelia Flanagan), who called for an ambulance and his family have been seen discussing their shock at how he could suffer a stroke at such a young age. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.