The scheme, created to mark the Queen's historic 70-year reign, invites people from across Britain to “Plant a Tree for the Jubilee”. The first official planting season ran from October to March. Tree planting will commence again in October 2022, through to the end of the Jubilee year. The monarch, 95, said she is “deeply touched” by people's efforts thus far in a message marking the end of the first Green Canopy season. The scheme has so far seen more than one million trees being planted in celebration of Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee. A statement released by the Queen reads: "As the planting season draws to a close, I send my sincere thanks to everyone across the country who has planted a tree to celebrate my Platinum Jubilee. "I am deeply touched that so many community groups, schools, families and individuals have made their own unique contributions to the Green Canopy initiative. "I hope your Jubilee trees flourish and grow for many years to come, for future generations to enjoy." The message was signed off "Elizabeth R". The statement was shared on Twitter, and royal fans responded with delight over the impressive contribution made by the public thus far. One wrote: "Lovely message and wow over a million trees!! What a wonderful contribution to the world". READ MORE: Kate and Prince William announce new CEO of Royal Foundation While another called Jen added: "An extraordinary living legacy. So happy to have contributed. Much love to her Majesty." The scheme was launched last year by the Queen and her son and heir, Prince Charles. The Prince of Wales, the initiative's patron, said at the time: "Planting a tree is a statement of hope and faith in the future. I urge you to join me in planting a tree for the Jubilee. In other words, a tree-bilee." The pair planted the first Jubilee tree on the grounds of Windsor Castle in March 2021. At a number of royal engagements since then, members of the Royal Family have also contributed to the Queen's Green Canopy (QGC). DON'T MISS Queen packs day with seven engagements as she honours Philip's aides [INSIGHT] Prince Andrew could join Queen at Epsom and Ascot for races [REPORT]Sophie Wessex leaves royal fans ‘awestruck’ [REVEAL] Earlier this month, during part of a two-day visit to Ireland, Charles planted a tree in the Gardens of Hillsborough Castle for the initiative. Despite wearing his usual attire of a blazer and brogues, the heir to the throne got stuck in and grasped a shovel to dig a small hole for the sapling. On Thursday, the same day the Queen released her statement of thanks to the public, Sophie Wessex also planted a tree for the scheme at Buckingham Palace. The monarch's daughter-in-law joined year four schoolchildren from Grange Park Primary School in Shropshire for the planting of an elm tree in the palace gardens. The Queen further contributed to this one million trees milestone as she joined forces with Charles again last year. The monarch and her son marked the start of the official planting season back in October by planting a tree at the Balmoral Cricket Pavilion on the Queen's Scottish estate. Participants are encouraged to plant a tree during the planting seasons, and then add it to a dedicated QGC Map, which acts a digital record of the Jubilee tree planting projects across the United Kingdom. The Green Canopy scheme also aims to dedicate a network of 70 Ancient Woodlands across the United Kingdom and identify 70 Ancient Trees to celebrate Her Majesty’s 70 years of service, according to its website.