Senior ministers signed off plans to ditch passenger locator forms and tests for unvaccinated travellers. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said the UK’s vaccine rollout means the change is possible and it will allow “greater freedom in time for Easter” for passengers. He said: “I said we wouldn’t keep travel measures in place for any longer than necessary, which we’re delivering on today - providing more welcome news and greater freedom for travellers ahead of the Easter holidays. “I look forward to continuing to work with the travel sector and partners around the world to keep international travel moving.” Coronavirus infections are rising in all four UK nations for the first time since the end of January following the lifting of restrictions. The numbers of hospital patients with Covid are also rising, up 19 per cent week-on-week in England, but remain well below the peaks reached during the Omicron and previous waves.  Passenger locator forms allowed the government to track people down in the event of an outbreak but were unpopular with travellers and the tourism industry. The government will also fully stand down all remaining quarantine hotels from the end of the month. But it says contingency plans are being put in place to manage any future variants of concern.  Tim Alderslade, Chief Executive of Airlines UK said: “Today’s announcement sends a clear message to the world – the UK travel sector is back. With travellers returning to the UK no longer burdened by unnecessary forms and testing requirements, we can now look forward to the return to pre-Covid normality throughout the travel experience.” Karen Dee, Chief Executive of Airport Operators Association, said: “A return to restriction-free travel is good news for passengers and should allow for aviation to take significant steps towards recovery. People should feel encouraged to book their long-awaited holidays, trips to see relatives and friends abroad they haven’t seen for a long time and travel to rekindle business ties with other countries.” Steve Heapy, CEO of Jet2.com and Jet2holidays said: “The removal of passenger locator forms and testing regimes means that customers can at long last enjoy hassle-free travel, just like they did before the pandemic.” 