Chelsea fans will be hoping that their imminent sale will put an end to the uncertainty going on behind the scenes at their football club. However, that may not be the case as there could be a reshuffle of staff once contracts are signed. Following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, pressure has mounted on the shoulders of Blues owner Roman Abramovich. The Russian businessman’s links with Vladimir Putin saw him sanctioned by the UK government shortly after he looked to sell the club. Reports have circulated that there is plenty of interest in the Stamford Bridge outfit, but it may not be the end to all of their issues as there is uncertainty over the future of director Marina Granovskaia. The 47-year-old has been the face of Chelsea’s transfer business since 2014, but she may not be at the club after new owners arrive. Sky Sports journalist Kaveh Solhekol responded to a question about the implications of the club changing hands by writing: “Definitely. Is Marina Granovskaia going to be there? She's the one overseeing all the transfer business. JUST IN: Paul Merson proven wrong by Arsenal star who is now 'one of the best' “She's the one who's in charge of negotiating all the contracts - I'm not sure she's going to stay. This is the kind of time of year where Chelsea would be working hard behind the scenes before the window opens, working out who they're going to try and sell, who was going to leave. “All of those plans have been put on hold for the time being.” Currently, Chelsea are unable to offer contract players to existing squad members nor sign anyone meaning that manager Thomas Tuchel could begin the 2022/23 campaign with the same squad.  Antonio Rudiger, Cesar Azpilicueta and Andreas Christensen are all out of contract at the end of the season and, as it stands, cannot renew their current deals – though whether they would have or not is another matter. The Blues were linked with Borussia Dortmund striker Erling Haaland prior to their sanctions, though signing the sought after star looks very unlikely. Solhekol went on to discuss how it is unlikely that players’ agents would be recommending a move to Stamford Bridge for the foreseeable future until things have settled at the club. That could leave Tuchel with a weakened defence for the upcoming campaign, with young talents like Trevoh Chalobah and Malang Sarr being potentially relied upon heavily.