Bukayo Saka is very happy at Arsenal and has no thoughts of seeking a transfer amid interest from Liverpool, according to reports. Saka’s fantastic form for Arsenal has caught the attention of several top European clubs, but he remains focused on playing for Mikel Arteta’s side.     The 20-year-old midfielder has made 29 appearances for the Gunners across all competitions this season, contributing eight goals and four assists. His performances have prompted Liverpool and Manchester City, among others, to keep an eye on him in view of a transfer in the future, according to ESPN. The Premier League giants are hoping that Arsenal fail to qualify for the Champions League and Saka then gets his head turned by another club. Saka signed a new “long-term” contract with Arsenal in July 2020, which reportedly runs until June 2024. JUST IN: Man Utd receive transfer boost as Araujo contract offer beats Barca  Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano now reports that a new Arsenal deal is on the cards for the England international, but it is not on the agenda just yet. Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta and technical director Edu are desperate to keep hold of their most exciting young player and the feeling is understood to be mutual. Saka is settled with the Gunners and is not planning to leave any time soon – and that stance is behind the club’s feeling that there is no need to rush a new contract. DON'T MISS Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich's six most expensive signings rated Man Utd set to begin undoing the mistakes of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer Carlo Ancelotti's first three Man Utd transfer targets examined  Arsenal are relaxed about the situation and are expected to offer him a new contract at the end of the season to ward off interest from elsewhere. That could scupper the plans of Liverpool, who are looking at Saka, and West Ham’s Jarrod Bowen, as potential replacements for Mohamed Salah. Salah is out of contract in the summer of 2023 and the club have so far failed to reach an agreement with the Egyptian over a new deal, heightening speculation that he could leave. Former Sunderland striker Kevin Phillips believes Saka could be the perfect solution to the Salah problem for Liverpool.  “I think Saka will get better and better. He’s still a young kid, he’s done a lot already in his short career,” he told Football Insider in February. “I think he’s an unbelievable talent and I think, moulded in the right way, he’ll turn out to be a top-class player. “Whether he can go to Liverpool, if that was to happen, could he emulate what Salah’s done? It’d be very, very difficult for any player to do that. “But he’s certainly got the attributes and qualities that he possibly could join Liverpool and replace Salah. Let’s not forget, Salah didn’t tear it up early on at Chelsea. “For Saka, he’s developing all the time”. 