Emmerdale star Charley Webb has hinted that she will be making a comeback on our TV screens after she quit the ITV soap last year.  She had played Debbie Dingle for 19 years. Charley, 34, was answering questions from fans on Instagram when one asked her about her future career plans. “Are you going to go back into acting? We miss you on our screens xxx” they wrote. Posting a selfie of herself giving a peace sign to the camera, Charley replied: "When the right thing comes to me, I'll be back.” She added: “Can’t wait.” The mum-of-three confirmed earlier this year that she had left the soap for good, only briefly returning after maternity leave for a short storyline. She shares sons Buster, 11, Bowie, six, and Ace, two, with her husband Matthew Wolfenden, who plays David Metcalfe on Emmerdale. “I left to have Ace two years ago,” said Charley. "I went back at the end of last year for ten weeks to complete a storyline so I guess officially it's been a year. "I never felt the need to announce it so we didn't.” It had been reported that Charley’s decision to leave was also influenced by the row Matthew and fellow co-star Isabel Hodgins, who plays Victoria Sugden, were caught up in. It was reported that a mixed-race actress was subjected to an inappropriate comment and had her accent mimicked on set. As a result, Matthew and Isabel, who both deny the allegations, had scenes paused. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart (ADMISSION)Sean Penn shares heartbreak as he walks to Polish border amid invasion (UPDATE)Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update (VIDEO) A spokesperson said: “While we would never comment on individual cases, Emmerdale has robust policies in place to deal with any allegations that are brought to our attention and take the appropriate steps. “Neither actor has been suspended from Emmerdale.” She and Matthew recently celebrated 15 years together, as Charley posted a photo of the happy couple smiling together. “Happy 4 years married,” she wrote. “This is what our anniversary looks like. “15 years together, 3 children later. I’m in my pyjamas ready to read my book in bed and @matthewwolfenden55 is watching a cooking programme. “Happy Anniversary pal, you wouldn’t have it any other way.”