Three glamorous shots of the future Queen taken by the fashion photographer Paolo Roversi are to go on public show for the first time as part of the National Portrait Gallery’s Coming Home project, in which pictures of well-known individuals are sent out on loan to places with which they are closely associated. Kate, who was 40 on January 9, picked the church where generations of her family have worshipped and a musuem close to where she was born, as well as her university museum and an arts centre in Anglesey, where she and Prince William first lived as a married couple, to display the photographs acquired by the NPG for its permanent collection. A black and white shot of the Duchess sitting and looking left will be on view first from March 22 to April 5 at St James the Less in the Berkshire village of Pangbourn where Kate’s family have been parishioners for generations. The same photograph will then move to the Reading Museum - close to the Royal Berkshire Hospital where she was born in 1982 - from April 7 to June 4. A picture of the Duchess with her hair flowing and wearing a red Alexander McQueen dress will be on show between June 13 and September 30 at the Wardlaw Museum at the University of St Andrews. William and Kate met as students at the university in Fife, when Kate was studying history of art, as was William before he switched to geography. The third photograph in Roversi’s series, showing Kate in a white dress and smiling straight at the camera, will be displayed at Anglesey’s Oriel Mon museum and art centre between July 16 and October 2. William and Kate had a home on Anglesey in north Wales before their wedding and remained there during the early years of their marriage while William worked as an RAF search and rescue helicopter pilot. Nicholas Cullinan, director of the National Portrait Gallery, of which Kate is patron, said: “As one of her first and earliest patronages, we are delighted to be sharing Paolo Roversi’s wonderful portraits, taking each to a place of resonance across the United Kingdom for Her Royal Highness as part of our Coming Home project.” The portraits can be visited free of charge under the scheme, which is intended to send works out across the country while the gallery remains closed until spring 2023 during building work. Roversi took the photographs at Kew Gardens in November last year and when they were published to mark her birthday he said it had been a joy to take 250 shots in the session of Kate. “I was moved by her warmth and friendly welcome and enchanted by her shining eyes that reflected the loveliness of her soul and her smile showing the generosity of her heart,” he added.