Carlo Ancelotti is in trouble. While Real Madrid remain on course to win La Liga in the wake of their defeat to Barcelona on Sunday, the crushing manner of the loss has now raised questions over the Italian’s future. And previous comments from Florentino Perez should worry the 62-year-old. Real Madrid went into their La Liga showdown with Barcelona looking to boost their chances of winning the title. However, they were comprehensively outplayed on a night where Xavi’s side rocked the Bernabeu by scoring four times without return. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was the best player on the pitch, with the former Arsenal star scoring twice for Barcelona on the night. Contract rebel Ronald Araujo also struck, while Ferran Torres completed the rout in the second half. After the game, Ancelotti fronted up to try and accept responsibility for the defeat. “It is tough because it is a Clasico, for the fans when we play against Barca... it is a blow, we have lost a battle, we still have an advantage and we have to stay calm and get back our injured players,” he said. “We were unrecognisable, everything went wrong, we have to forget that and move forward. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “We have a big lead [in La Liga]. I, the coach, am at fault.” At any other club on the planet, Ancelotti’s job would likely still be safe. After all, they remain on course to claim a La Liga and Champions League double - despite not always convincing on the pitch. Yet this is Real Madrid, a club that takes every defeat as a personal insult. Expectations are higher at the Bernabeu than any other club in the country and club president Perez, in particular, has been ruthless over the years. From Fabio Capello to Julen Lopetegui, Santiago Solari to Manuel Pellegrini, Jose Mourinho to Rafa Benitez, Perez has been trigger-happy. And he also previously dismissed Ancelotti in 2015, too, after they’d failed to win a trophy that season. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Speaking at the time, Perez showed his brutal nature by saying he was unsure what Ancelotti did wrong. Then, even more worryingly, he admitted the demands at the club were ‘very high’. "I would like to inform you that the board has taken the decision to relieve Carlo Ancelotti of his post as Real Madrid coach," Perez said at a press conference at the time. "The affection that the players and the fans have for Carlo is the same as the affection I myself have for him. "What did Ancelotti do wrong? I don't know. “The demands here at Real Madrid are very high." Now, Ancelotti can be forgiven for fearing the worst in the wake of this crushing defeat to Real’s fiercest rivals. Losing by four goals, in a Clasico, is something that simply can’t be allowed to happen given the star-studded players at the club’s disposal. Should Real fail to win both the Champions League and La Liga, it’s certainly easy to see Perez taking action. After all, the demands of the club are ‘very high’. And with Barcelona now on the rise again, their brilliance may force the trigger to be pulled. While it was agony for Real, Barcelona boss Xavi was jubilant having seen his team run riot. "We have worked hard for these results. But we didn't expect to be so superior in their stadium,” he said. "We expected a more open game. I am very happy." Xavi did insist, however, that Barcelona had to keep working hard to improve. "We have to keep working. It's not a trophy. We have to be humble," he added. "We'll celebrate today and then we have to rest and think about Sevilla. It's three more points. "I don't think it will give us enough to win LaLiga, it's very difficult. But today is a great kick in the teeth [of the league leaders]. "First [we'll focus on staying in] the Champions League places and then we'll see. This [win] strengthens the project. We haven't achieved our objectives yet. We have to keep going."