Some drivers may have been in the situation where a random car is parked in their driveway, but many may not know how to deal with the issue. Naturally, motorists would think to call the police or the council to have it removed, but they may not be able to help. A curious loophole in the law means that drivers may be able to park on someone else’s driveway and go unpunished. There is no criminal law against the indecent act of someone parking on a driveway without the homeowner's consent. A driveway is part of a property, so by driving onto it the person is committing an act of trespassing. However, trespassing is classed as a civil offence, not a criminal offence, meaning the police don’t have the power to make an arrest. READ MORE: RAC calls for car tax rates to be cut When a motorist parks on someone else’s driveway there is very little chance of the law getting involved. This is because the council has no authority over private property and cannot dictate or control access. However, if the car is parked on a public road blocking a driveway, the driver is committing a parking offence. In these circumstances, local authorities have the power to get involved and issue a fine to the motorist. DON'T MISSMajor diesel changes being introduced in April will 'punish hauliers' [SHOCKING]Vauxhall to be all electric by 2028 as hydrogen fuel plans take off [INSIGHT]Major driving laws to launch in weeks as UK motorists risk fines [WARNING] A spokesman for StressFreeCarRental.com said: “Unfortunately, many homeowners stuck with someone else parked on their driveway are turned away from local authorities and councils as they have no authority to remove vehicles from private properties. “Although this act can very often go unpunished, there are some things irritated homeowners can do to help avoid this problem happening to them again.” If a homeowner suspects the vehicle has been abandoned, their local council would be required to move the car regardless of its position on private or public land. However, if the car has up to date MOT, tax, insurance and is not in a position where it could cause danger to anyone around, the council are again powerless. The RAC advises drivers to keep calm and “don’t let the situation escalate”. It added: “Never take the law into your own hands and do not stoop to revenge tactics that could get you prosecuted also. “If it's causing an issue, try and speak to the person and resolve the situation sensibly.” This comes as new Highway Code rules have outlined that drivers “must not” park partially or wholly on the pavement in London and should not do so elsewhere unless signs permit it. Rule 244 looks to prevent parking vehicles on pavements as it could obstruct and inconvenience all pedestrians. This is especially relevant to those with visual impairments, people with prams or pushchairs and wheelchair users. The RAC has suggested that drivers can take steps to deter people from parking on their drive, including putting up a fence, gate or bollards. This may be more necessary if a driver lives near a hospital, stadium or airport, where parking is notoriously difficult and expensive.