Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea reportedly threatened to quit playing for Spain after being snubbed for the latest squad by Luis Enrique. De Gea was left out of the squad for Spain’s recent friendlies against Albania and Iceland and is understood to have not reacted well to Enrique’s reasoning behind the decision.    De Gea has won 45 caps for his country since making his debut in 2014, but his relationship with the national team has been far from straightforward. The United keeper was initially stuck behind Iker Casillas and Pepe Reina in the pecking order and is now engaged in a battle with Athletic Bilbao’s Unai Simon for the No 1 jersey. There was surprise on March 18 when De Gea was omitted from Enrique’s squad for the international break, with Simon, Brentford’s David Raya and Barcelona youngster Arnau Tenas called up instead. Spain beat Albania 2-1 with Raya making his debut, before thrashing Iceland 5-0 with Simon between the posts. According to AS, Enrique had phoned De Gea to break the news to him before the official announcement. The manager reportedly told him the decision was based on his desire to see younger goalkeepers in action before the World Cup. JUST IN: Arsenal receive Nunez transfer boost as Benfica slash price in half  De Gea apparently ‘did not take the decision well’ and is ‘upset’ with Enrique, who he feels did not give sufficient reasoning for the snub. Sources close to the manager, however, said that De Gea threatened to quit international football if Enrique intends to use him as a second-choice keeper. Enrique was asked about his decision to drop De Gea in a recent press conference. “What I had to tell him I told him and if he wants to make it public, let him say it,” he replied. “I don't have much more to add. In the next squad list, you will see.”  DON'T MISS Tammy Abraham's stance on Roma future as Man Utd plot transfer raid Arteta could quit Arsenal after fourth-placed finish claims Neville Roy Keane blamed for Maguire booing as Man Utd hero labelled 'vicious' Marca reports that Enrique does intend to pick De Gea in his squad for the World Cup in Qatar in November. But it seems there is some tension between the two over De Gea’s status in the squad. Simon was Spain’s No 1 at Euro 2020, with Brighton’s Robert Sanchez in the squad as third-choice, behind De Gea. The 31-year-old has retained his place in the United team this season, despite pressure from Dean Henderson. He has made 37 appearances in all competitions, maintaining decent form despite United’s rollercoaster campaign. 