The action-packed CBS drama is returning for another daring mission on Sunday night, which will see Agent Kensi Blye (played by Daniela Ruah) at the centre of the action. In her latest Instagram post, the NCIS: Los Angeles star confirmed she’ll be teaming up with her long-standing NCIS partner Eric Christian Olsen to helm their very own episode. Eric and Daniela will write and direct, respectively, the 19th episode of the current season of NCIS: Los Angeles. Both of them took to their Instagram accounts on Friday to confirm the news with a sneak peek behind the scenes of the upcoming episode. The snap of the stars’ set chairs confirmed Eric will write while Daniela will direct the as-yet-untitled episode. Their post prompted plenty of excitement from NCIS fans who were thrilled to see the actors will be working together behind the camera for the very first time. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson crosses Russian border for The Grand Tour In their joint update, they wrote: “Working with my partner of 12 years, playing different parts today. “Writer and Director. It's a freight train episode and we can’t wait for y’all to see.” They then added the hashtags: “#ep #299 #ncisla #cbs #ericcolsen #bestcrewinhollywood.” The 299 hashtag seems to confirm they’ll be directing the last episode before the show’s milestone 300th hour, the 19th episode of season 13. Down in the comments, Eric joked: “I'm having my chair heighten by 3/4 of an inch tomorrow.” [sic] While several NCIS fans sent hundreds of messages of support to the show’s dedicated co-stars. Instagram user @fillisray wrote: “You are both so talented and such good people.” @ericchristianolsenfans added: “I’m SOOO excited for this! You guys are the dream duo.” DON'T MISS:Blue Bloods delayed: CBS drama won’t air until next month [LATEST]Y1883’s Sam Elliott admits Shea told huge lie [INSIGHT]Love Is Blind’s Deepti addresses dating rumours with co-star [COMMENT] And @jvento said: “I've never been more excited for an episode!!” Episode 299 will mark just the second time Eric has penned his own episode, the first being 2019’s revenge case, Mother. Meanwhile, Daniela could be becoming one of the show’s most reliable guest directors, having helmed three of her own episodes so far. This includes two instalments in season 13 alone, Lost Soldier Down and the upcoming Pandora's Box, set to air at the end of March. Details for the episode, including a plot summary and a release date, are currently being kept under wraps. Thankfully, CBS doesn’t appear to be putting the series on hiatus any time soon, and season 13 will even include a jam-packed NCIS LA double bill on Sunday, March 27. In the meantime, fans can look forward to another high-stakes mission in this week’s episode, All The Little Things, in which the task force race against time to save a newborn baby. NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.