Uniformed patrols have been stepped up by Britain’s biggest force amid mounting criticism that not enough is being done to tackle violence against women and girls. The Metropolitan Police acted after 3,272 reports to the Home Office’s StreetSafe online platform. Almost three quarters were from women complaining about anti-social behaviour, harassment by strangers, drug-related violence and street drinkers as well as areas of poor lighting and CCTV coverage. Unsurprisingly, most of the “hotspots” are in and around town centres and transport hubs. Police chiefs say they are committed to restoring the trust of women following the murder of Sarah Everard by a serving Met officer. Veteran front line officer Glen Smyth welcomed the move yesterday but said the public’s feeling of abandonment by police has been building up for years. The policy of taking officers off the streets and closing down police stations is at the root of problems “now coming home to roost,” he said. “There has been a head-long retreat away from dealing with anti-social behaviour,” said Mr Smyth, former chairman of the Metropolitan Police Federation. “It has got to be nipped in the bud or it will grow. There has got to be a physical police presence, feet on the street and consequences in court for bad behaviour.” He added: “This feeling of vulnerability has been building up for years. “They have to sustain these new patrols. This is a battle they have to win or there is a danger the streets will go back to pre-policing days.” Met Police Superintendent Andy Brittain, said: “It is fantastic that so many people, both men and women, have taken the time to use StreetSafe to report their concerns about places where they feel unsafe.  “Local policing teams are already using this valuable information about very specific locations to target anti-social behaviour and other issues that communities have told us about. “We are refining how we make the most of the rich source of information and translating it into making public places safer.” He added: “This is just one part of our firm commitment to rebuilding the trust and confidence and tackling violence against women and girls. “I want Londoners to know that we are listening to their concerns and we are acting on them. StreetSafe is helping us work smarter and better. “We would urge people to continue to use StreetSafe - it is helping us respond quickly to community concerns, and make communities safer for everyone.”