Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis, 49, has thanked his fans for their “kind comments” asking him to host Good Morning Britain permanently alongside Susanna Reid. The broadcaster has been presenting GMB on a rotational basis since Piers Morgan’s exit last year. He and other hosts including Richard Madeley, Adil Ray and Alastair Campbell have been taking it in turns to front the show, but after being so impressed by Martin’s performance, viewers want him to take on Piers’ role full-time. However, on Tuesday, Martin disappointed fans when he dismissed their pleas because of the show’s unsociable “workload and hours”. He told his 1.3m followers: “Many kind comments about me doing GMB more permanently. “Sadly, the workload and hours mean it’s not compatible with my day job, so I can't do more. READ MORE:ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home “Shame, as I enjoy the challenge. “Yet being the Money Saving Expert is my calling and where I think I have most impact. I can't risk that.” Over a hundred of Martin’s followers took to the comments to voice their dismay. Julie penned: “You're great on GMB, shame but totally understand why you can't do it permanently. Need to try and get a feature spot with you on there more often. Keep up the good work Martin and thank you for everything you do!” Paul added: “You do a very good job on GMB, but you do a much better and well needed job as a consumer expert. I hope we can get your take on whatever the Chancellor announces tomorrow and its impact on ordinary people.” And Lydia echoed: “Don't normally watch GMB or BBC Breakfast, retired so usually still asleep, but watched you yesterday with Sajid Javid, who's one of our local MPs, and you were impressively direct without being rude and aggressive....an asset to GMB.” The interview in question aired during Monday’s show. Martin grilled the Health Secretary about the cost of living in the UK and the government's plans to help the most vulnerable. DON'T MISS'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star[LATEST]Ruth Langsford gives update as procedure leaves her with 'scabby' skin[INSIGHT]'Will miss it!' Lorraine Kelly devastated at show cancellation[NEWS] Discussing rising prices, Martin probed: “Are you aware of the physical and mental impact [it has] impact on people in the UK? “People are struggling to maintain their physical health as the cost of living rises, dealing with the mental health cost of worrying how they’re going to make ends meet. What do you say from a health perspective?” Mr Javid said the government is doing “what they can” in terms of support, before Martin prefaced his next question with an apology for “breaking the rules”. The money expert said: “If you forgive me I'm taking off my presenter's hat for a second and putting on my campaigner's hat. "People on oxygen concentrators, people on dialysis machines, people with electric wheelchairs are in panic and shocked that their lives are going to be cut off because of these energy rises. "I know we have a cabinet government. I know you sit around that table, please as Secretary of State for Health, will you champion those people and make sure that we don't disable their lives going forward with what's about to happen in April? “It's not a question you don't have to answer.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.