Loose Women presenter Nadia Sawalha, 57, has made quite an impression on the internet when it comes to body confidence and promoting positivity among her fans. Now, she's shared her latest weight loss secret: intermittent fasting. The TV star opened up about her journey a YouTube video, where she spoke about following the the 16/8 intermittent programme. She first shared details of her experience back in September last year, but it seems to be working a treat for Nadia. Writing to her followers on Instagram, she made her reasoning very clear for why she wanted to become a healthier version of herself. "I am not losing weight for my looks," she reiterated. READ MORE: 'Bold statement': Camilla wears purple and green tartan ensemble "I like the way I look. "I am losing weight for my health. "I have high cholesterol and my dad has diabetes which I don’t fancy inheriting." With fasting a very controversial diet option, she pointed out that what she's doing isn't actually a diet at all. DON'T MISS...James Martin lost a stone and a half with one ‘weird’ secret [WEIGHT LOSS]Woman breastfeeding toddler would consider until the age of 6 [HEALTH NEWS]Dr Michael Mosley: The ‘most effective’ diet for weight loss [DIET TIPS] "Intermittent fasting is not a diet," she shrugged. "It's a way of eating for life that works brilliantly for me. "It's about more energy, mental clarity, freedom from the diet culture, oh yeah, and weight loss. "And it doesn’t cost anyone a penny!" But what is intermittent fasting? There are many different methods to it, such as Nadia's 16/8 and the 5:2 method. According to Healthline, slimmers have seen changes in the function of hormones, cells and genes. In a 2014 review of the scientific literature, intermittent fasting was found to cause weight loss of three to eight percent over three to 24 weeks. The study participants also lost four to seven percent of their waist circumference over six to 24 weeks, which indicates that they lost lots of visceral fat - the harmful fat in the abdominal cavity that causes disease. In her video, Nadia also explained how the approach works while making herself breakfast. "So guys I'm not that hungry, I've only had one egg but if I was hungry I'd have two," she said. "That’s another thing with 16/8, really thinking about how hungry you are. "Not just going, 'Oh ok I'm out of my hours now, I'm just going to have everything,' because obviously you are going to lose more weight if you don’t do that."