Sarah (played by Tina O'Brien) has been front and centre of Adam Barlow's (Sam Robertson) recent storyline on Coronation Street as her husband's former lover, Lydia Chambers (Rebecca Ryan), tried to break up their marriage. In this week's episodes of the ITV soap, the beloved couple have found each other again after the lawyer's former lover admitted she had completely made up an affair to tear the lovebirds apart. In the coming weeks, it seems things are going to be a little quieter for the soap stalwart but Tina has addressed in an interview with Express.co.uk and other media whether she will be staying on to play the character past her 25th anniversary. The actress was asked whether she would like to stay on the show until she hits the milestone year, to which Tina replied: "Wow. I'd love to. "We tend to be contracted so the moment I know I've got a guarantee of about a year and then who knows after that," she added, hinting she could leave in the near future. However, the soap star praised the team who have supported her over the past quarter of a century as she said: "But I do absolutely love Coronation Street and I am very, very happy at the moment. So fingers crossed." Tina first appeared on-screen as the daughter of Gail Platt (Helen Worth) in 1999 when Sarah took centre stage in a huge storyline. It was revealed the youngster had fallen pregnant at the age of 13 and later gave birth to her daughter, Bethany Platt (Lucy Fallon). READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Paddy Kirk's unimaginable loss as Bear Wolf 'dies' This has made Sarah one of the most prominent figures in the show's history as the subject had never been tackled before. From this point, she went on to have several failed relationships and even left the show for a period of seven years. Tina reprised the role in 2015 when her character returned from living abroad in Milan to be with her loved ones as Bethany became a teenager. During her second stint on the show, the soap stalwart was placed at the very centre of Callum Logan's (Sean Ward) death storyline. Subsequently, this led to her developing postpartum psychosis but the beloved character was able to receive the help she needed to take care of her mental health. In recent years, her stories have been focused on her marriage to Adam and her failed relationship with Gary Windass (Mikey North). Gary even ended up killing the loan shark Rick Neelan (Greg Wood) to make sure he didn't cause the Platt family any harm. Adam was always worried he would lose his wife to her ex-boyfriend but the plot with Lydia has shown the couple are unbreakable. Discussing what she loves so much about playing Sarah, Tina added: "I think it's the fact that you go through different phases with writers. "At the moment Sarah's smartly dressed in these power suits and running a factory." DON'T MISS...Former Corrie star Beverly Callard slams soap and dishes on exit [COMMENT]Dame Maureen Lipman: Star turned to therapy to help with grief [COMMENT]From Weatherfield to Man About The House: Paula Wilcox's TV journey [ANALYSIS] Tina continued: "Whereas when I first came back, I was pulling pints behind the bar in the Rovers and I was more of the girl next door. "Your character can change and develop but the essence is still the same. I'm still Sarah Lou who had a child at the age of 13. "She's still that vulnerable girl that's trying to find a way. But she's growing up. "She's learning as she goes and she's trying to hold her own now. She's at a stage in her career where she feels more secure. "She's got a good family network around her and she's trying to sort of now make a marriage work," the actress explained. "It's nice that I get to play different parts of the same person, I guess," Tina said, so it will be up to the writers to consider whether they've exhausted all avenues with the character now or whether there is still material to play with. Before Lydia came on the scene, Sarah was going to try and get pregnant with Adam's baby but his former lover disputed their plans. A pregnancy could therefore be on the horizon as the couple get their lives back on track and they will have to face all the challenges parenthood brings them. Although she might not be leaving just yet, the actress who played Lydia, Rebecca, made her exit from the show earlier this week. Discussing her co-star's departure from the cast, Tina said: "I loved working with Rebecca. "It's been really lovely to see that friendship blossom [between Sarah and Lydia] obviously. But we were together for quite a while back on Waterloo Road. "So it was just really nice to work together again and catch up and it was lovely as well to see different sides to Sarah. "The fact she sort of said, 'Oh, she's my girl crush' and to sort of see Sarah be so woman-focused and have a friendship. "It was just nice to see," the soap star added and Rebecca made her last appearance during Wednesday night's episode. As of yet, there is no confirmation on whether the character will make a return in the future. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.