Red Bull's chief technical officer Adrian Newey has insisted that a handful of upgrades to their RB18 challenger will arrive over the course of this week's pre-season test in Bahrain. The Austrian outfit will be looking to maximise their time on track over the coming days in order to stand the best chance of bringing the fight to Mercedes when the new season finally gets underway at the same circuit next weekend. The Silver Arrows turned plenty of heads when they arrived in Bahrain with a vastly different car to the one that was used in last month's three-day shakedown at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya. The biggest changes were made to the sidepods, which are now virtually non-existent in an unprecedented innovation that has raised no shortage of eyebrows across the F1 paddock. A number of teams were rumoured to have been left concerned by the unique development, which is yet to be replicated by any other manufacturer. However, Newey has revealed that Red Bull are preparing to respond by introducing their own batch of performance upgrades over the next few days. "You will recognise them with the naked eye," he told Auto Motor und Sport when quizzed on his team's new components. JUST IN: Johnny Herbert details why he fears Mercedes may 'have a dominant car' It remains to be seen whether Red Bull will be able to match the performance gains expected to come from Mercedes when the new season finally gets underway in just over a week. Many onlookers have suggested that the Silver Arrows may have aced the new regulations with their slimline design, a move which could potentially hand them a major early advantage as other teams attempt to catch up over the first few races. George Russell admitted on Thursday that he is proud of the work that has gone into fine-tuning the W13 from all members of the Mercedes garage. However, he went on to admit that there is still every chance of Red Bull or Ferrari emerging as the quickest team on the grid when the competitive action gets back underway. Both teams excelled at the first pre-season test in Barcelona and will be looking to prepare for a renewed season-long battle by tweaking their respective packages over the course of this weekend. "I guess it looks interesting but it's not about how it looks, it's about how fast it goes," said Russell. "It obviously caught a few people's eyes this morning. From my side, I'm proud to be part of a team that's pushing innovation. "All this hard work, blood, sweat and tears going into something pretty spectacular being pulled off is pretty incredible. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE "But as I said, it doesn't matter what it looks like. We need to see if it's fast on track. As Max said, they've [Red Bull] a few things coming. "At the moment, Ferrari probably look globally the strongest. In every low-fuel run, consecutive laps, they look very solid. "And if you look at their sidepods they are quite drastically different to what we have at Mercedes and what Max has at Red Bull. "Time will tell next week. It truly is unknown for now."