Nicholas Latifi's testing session on Friday morning was brought to an abrupt end after his Williams car burst into flames, forcing the session to be red flagged. Latifi was able to escape the car, although the fire appeared to only be at the back of the Williams.  Replays appeared to show that Latifi's rear brakes failed as he went into Turn 12 before flames engulfed the back of the car. Latifi ran off toward a fire marshal, but he was forced to step back as there was a small explosion. The Canadian driver even picked up an extinguisher himself to help put out the fire. After several minutes, the fire was soon contained but Latifi was clearly concerned as he watched on as his car was attended to.  Alex Albon, speaking on commentary briefly for Sky Sports, examined the scene and gave his view on what caused the fire. "Oh, I see why it broke," Albon said. "My initial feeling was, 'how did he spin?' but it looks like the rear left snapped just as it was overheating. "That's a bit scary."  Talking on the small explosion, Albon added: "I hope it's just the tyre. All that stuff flying around could be the rear drum that shattered after the explosion." William later tweeted: "Following a fire on Nicholas’ car, the team will assess the damage and look to understand the cause of the issue prior to any further running." It likely brings Latifi's run for the day in Bahrain to an end which may cause some frustration after Albon was able to log over 100 laps on Thursday. Albon impressed in the Williams as he got to grips with the FW44 having had a season out of F1 last year.   Speaking after Thursday's session, Albon said: "Today's been a fight. "We've been fighting little things constantly. It hasn't hurt the running too much. We've lost maybe 20 laps which is nothing. "We need some work to do because honestly there's a lot of lap time in this car that we can get just by having a better balance but it's hard to know whether it's the tyres, the car, the stiffness of the car. "There's a few things we need to check in these last two days. If we can get that sorted out we'll be fine." 