Diabetes UK says: “No individual is the same. The symptoms you experience won’t exactly match those of another person. “However, the most common symptoms experienced by many people with diabetes are increased thirst, increased urination, feeling tired and losing weight.” It says other common diabetes symptoms include: READ MORE: Fatty liver disease: The changes to your personality signalling 'the liver is struggling'  The charity adds: “If you feel very unwell or your symptoms have come on quickly seek an urgent appointment with your GP or call NHS 111. “If you have any diabetes symptoms, it’s important to contact your GP and ask for a blood test for diabetes.” The NHS says that you should see a GP if you have any of the symptoms of type 2 diabetes or you're worried you may have a higher risk of getting type 2 diabetes. It notes: “A GP can diagnose diabetes. You'll need a blood test, which you may have to go to your local health centre for if it cannot be done at your GP surgery.”  The Mayo Clinic notes diabetes may weaken your ability to fight germs, “which increases the risk of infection in your gums and in the bones that hold your teeth in place”. It notes: “Your gums may pull away from your teeth, your teeth may become loose, or you may develop sores or pockets of pus in your gums — especially if you have a gum infection before diabetes develops.” The NHS outlines several other possible signs. These include:  Drinking more water is important for glucose control because it allows the body to flush any excess sugar. Carbohydrate intake should also be managed efficiently, as the body breaks downs down the nutrient into sugar. High blood sugar, known as hyperglycaemia, can affect people with type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes, as well as pregnant women with gestational diabetes. The NHS notes: “Hyperglycaemia should not be confused with hypoglycaemia, which is when a person's blood sugar level drops too low.”  Diabetes UK says: “Hyperglycaemia, or a hyper, can happen when your blood glucose (sugar) levels are too high – usually above 7mmol/l before a meal and above 8.5mmol/l two hours after a meal.” This happens because the body either cannot produce enough insulin to process the sugar in the blood or it cannot use the insulin effectively enough. Despite this, when your blood sugar levels are slightly higher than normal, you will not usually experience any symptoms. It is normal for blood glucose levels to go up and down slightly throughout the day. Nonetheless, there are a number of ways to treat hyperglycaemia. 