It comes after culture secretary Nadine Dorries criticised by the corporation, suggesting it is staffed by people "whose mum and dad had worked there". In its annual plan, published on Wednesday, the BBC said: "By 2027 we want 25 percent of our staff to come from a lower socio-economic background." The corporation has set "ambitious goals" in an attempt to improve equality and diversity in its workforce. This includes having more staff from different socioeconomic backgrounds, as well as increasing the proportion of women, those who have disabilities and people from ethnic and minority backgrounds. Speaking in October last year, Ms Dorries said: "North West, North East, Yorkshire, if you've got a regional accent in the BBC it doesn't go down particularly well.  "They talk about lots to do with diversity but they don't talk about kids from working-class backgrounds." The BBC has announced plans to grow their apprenticeship scheme - by committing to bringing 1000 apprentices into the company by 2025. The corporation announced its intention to increase its socioeconomic diversity in February 2021, before Nadine Dorries' comments, but they had not yet revealed specific details of their plan. In an outspoken appearance at the Conservative conference last year, the culture secretary condemned what she called "groupthink" in the BBC.  READ MORE: Remain campaigner blasts Brexit Britain's trade deals Ms Dorries told a live edition of the Telegraph podcast Chopper’s Politics: "We’re having a discussion about how the BBC can become more representative of the people who pay the licence fee, and how it can be more accessible to people from all backgrounds, not just people whose mum and dad worked there.” Ms Dorries criticised the BBC for excluding people from working-class or northern backgrounds, saying: "If you’re only taking people from one kind of background you end up in a groupthink scenario.” Following Ms Dorries' comments, the BBC said it was the only broadcaster to measure socioeconomic diversity and out of its entire workforce, it said only 11.5 percent went to private schools.  DON'T MISS: Brutal analysis of Laura Kuenssberg's BBC career by former colleague [INSIGHT]'I'd send that back!' Gregg Wallace halts MasterChef dish tasting f... [COMMENT]BBC's Deborah James 'text Tom often' amid The Wanted star's death [ANALYSIS] In its recent annual plan announcement, the BBC said its priorities for the next 12 months will include: strengthening impartiality; creating distinctive, high-impact content, transforming the BBC's digital offer and capability, accelerating commercial and global growth, delivering reforms, getting closer to audiences across the UK, and managing the impact of the first year of the new licence fee settlement. Richard Sharp, BBC chair, said: "Our plan highlights the challenges and opportunities in the media market. "We will continue driving changes to our public service and commercial operations to fulfil our duty." 