There is speculation that his current legal battle over his personal security could be the reason behind the prince’s decision. The Duke of Sussex was told he would no longer be entitled the same level of security when he comes back to the UK, despite his assurances that he would pay for it himself. Prince Harry has insisted that he “does not feel safe” to make the trip across the pond with his wife and children without the protection he seeks as the Duke’s security team reportedly cannot operate with the same efficiency abroad without access to UK intelligence networks. A spokesperson for the Duke of Sussex confirmed Prince Harry will not make the trip across the Atlantic for the event. The decision was tweeted by Omid Scobie, the author of 'Finding Freedom', who added that the Duke was hopeful he could be reunited with his grandmother soon. He tweeted: “A spokesperson for the Sussexes confirms that Prince Harry will not be returning to the UK for the Service of Thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip on March 29.  “He does, however, hope to visit the Queen as soon as possible.” Royal experts took to Twitter to share their reactions to the situation. Chris Ship, ITV News Royal Editor, tweeted: “UPDATE: Prince Harry is planning to fly to Europe for @InvictusGamesNL in mid-April in The Hague. “But he’s not going to Prince Philip’s Thanksgiving at the end of March.  READ MORE: Prince Edward celebrates birthday doing charity work with wife Sophie “As his lawyers claimed, he’s concluded he isn’t safe in the UK without the access to intelligence he has asked for.” Rebecca English, Royal Editor for the Daily Mail, praised the Invictus Games as “arguably Harry’s greatest achievement” but questioned his logic over the decision. She wrote: “Prince Harry says he won’t fly to the UK to attend the memorial for his grandfather, the Duke of Edinburgh, on March 29. “But he will fly to The Hague the following month for Invictus.  DON'T MISS:Jacinda Arden’s party slips in polls amid spiralling Covid cases [COVID]'Paranoid’ Putin invaded Ukraine because 'time was running out' [INSIGHT]Man Utd team news: Expected XI vs Tottenham as Ronaldo returns [SPORT] “Invictus is a brilliant initiative, arguably Harry’s greatest achievement, but his logic is?” Prince Harry reportedly hopes to visit the Queen soon, as neither she nor Prince Charles have met his youngest child Lilibet Diana, who was born last June in California. The Duke of Edinburgh passed away last April, aged 99. His funeral took place under Covid restrictions at Windsor, however the Service of Thanksgiving will take place at Westminster Abbey on March 29. 