Zara and Mike have been described as "brilliant parents" by their close friend James Haskell. The former rugby player spoke of the family-of-five just weeks after it was announced he is expecting a baby with Chloe Madeley. Providing a unique insight into the Tindalls' household, James told OK! magazine: "They are brilliant parents. "Every time I go and stay with them or see them, I just think what a wonderful family they’ve got. "Mike’s an incredible dad, Zara’s an incredible mum. "Mia, Lena and Lucas are so sweet." Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here James, who played in the England national rugby team with Mike, also revealed he would like his future daughter to take after some of Mia's traits. Describing the eight-year-old, he added: "Cheeky, a bit of a tomboy and girly when she needs to be". James also said he will take "any advice" from two experienced parents such as Zara and Mike. And his wife Chloe revealed she has already started asking Zara for tips. READ MORE: Prince Edward branded 'pompous and arrogant' after rare interview She said: "Zara’s given me some really good advice and a sack of muslins." Chloe added she asked Zara and other fellow mums for advice about "bottle and breastfeeding". She said: "They’ve all said, ‘You just won’t know until you try'." Zara gave birth to her third child, Lucas Philip, on this day last year. Little Lucas arrived very quickly, as Mike revealed a few days later in the podcast he and James co-host with Alex Payne. After announcing he had become a father for the third time, Mike revealed the boy was delivered on the Tindall's bathroom floor. He said during an episode of The Good, The Bad & The Rugby: "On the bathroom floor. "So yeah, it was running to the gym, get a mat, get into the bathroom, get the mat on the floor, towels down, brace, brace, brace." While speaking to James and Alex, the former rugby player also spoke about bonding with the boy soon after his birth. He said: "The best thing about being at home was as soon as he's wrapped up, skin on skin, straight downstairs. "TV room, put the golf on. I was like, 'this is what you and me are doing'. "There was actually a ridiculously old rugby game on." Zara and Mike met at a bar in Sydney, Australia, in 2003. The couple eventually married in late July 2011 at Canongate Kirk in Edinburgh. Among the royals in attendance there were the Queen, Prince Philip, Prince Harry as well as newlyweds Prince William and Kate.