Rylan Clark, 33, has spoken about being single as the BBC Radio 2 star explained how something was missing in his life. The star tweeted the message out to fans yesterday morning after coming back from a night out with his friends. The star reflected on his night out, and mused about the importance of friends when it comes to overcoming hardships. Rylan explained to his 1.6 million followers that he sometimes went on nights out with pals and found himself wishing he was at home. He said he sometimes wished that he could be at home watching Netflix with that special someone. The star said: “Ever have a night out where u have a really good night with friends... READ NOW: Kate Humble opens up on ‘very seductive’ first meal with now-husband. “However on the way home u sit and think, would much rather a night in with Netflix and someone u care about... (sic) “Yeah that babe." The presenter split from husband Dan Neal, 42, last year. The two broke up last year and Rylan explained that he needed some time off work as a result. The host of Strictly: It Takes Two blamed himself for the pair splitting. However, fans responded to Rylan and explained that going out and putting yourself out there was the only way to move on. @Hertz47 said: “You need to go out to see your friends and who knows on one of those nights you might meet the one. Try not to be sad xxx.” @Jqedwards wrote: “It’s always the darkest before the dawn my friend x.” DON'T MISS... 'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown [LATEST] Naga Munchetty reacts after colleagues 'decide to step away' from BBC [INSIGHT] Strictly star's tears as family 'turned back' at Ukraine border [UPDATE] @Poppyplops reassured Rylan, saying: “Rylan the great Robin William's quote: ‘It is other people who can make you feel alone  - being alone doesn't make you feel lonely’. I really hold on to this at those times xx.” @Pjbaxi86 penned: “It’s the worst feeling. “Especially when friends are going home to partners.” @Probesandjelly said: “It’s hard but try to enjoy the journey rather than focus on a goal. “I know the security of a relationship is lovely but there are those in a relationship that wish for the freedom you might currently have. It’s tough, but baby steps and look for the positive in everything xxx.” Following the break-up last year, Rylan spoke up to The Observer in January about how he had to be in hospital for a while due to “dangerously dark thoughts.” He added: “Strange situations do very strange things to people. “If it wasn’t for my mum, and my family and close friends I genuinely have no idea if I’d be here.”