The popular author has now accused Sir Keir Starmer of misrepresenting equalities law. The controversy began after Sir Keir Starmer told The Times that "trans women are women" and called for a "respectful" debate on the issue. He added: "If you talk to anybody who's been through the process there's a real issue about respect and dignity."  But after the comments were made, the Harry Potter author said that Labour can "no longer be counted on to defend women’s rights" if the party's leader insists upon maintaining his position. Miss Rowling said that "women's anger is growing" and criticised the Labour leader's comments on Twitter. She tweeted: "I don’t think our politicians have the slightest idea how much anger is building among women from all walks of life at the attempts to threaten and intimidate them out of speaking publicly about their own rights, their own bodies and their own lives. "Among the thousands of letters and emails I’ve received are disillusioned members of Labour, the Greens, the Lib Dems and the SNP. READ MORE: Keir Starmer left red-faced as he abandons calls for Boris to resign  "Women are scared, outraged and angry at the deaf ear turned to their well-founded concerns. "But women are organising." She added: "Now Keir Starmer publicly misrepresents equalities law, in yet another indication that the Labour Party can no longer be counted on to defend women’s rights. "But I repeat: women are organising across party lines, and their resolve and their anger are growing." Miss Rowling also said lesbians too are coming under attack for "not wishing to be redefined". DON'T MISS:Sir Keir Starmer destroyed by Putin as Labour leader's hopes crushed [ANALYSIS]JK Rowling sparks backlash after hitting out at Labour MP [REACTION]Labour on the wrong side of history AGAIN after welcoming Bercow [INSIGHT]  She added: "Innumerable gay people have been in touch with me to say exactly this. "Like women, they, especially lesbians, are under attack for not wishing to be redefined and for refusing to use ideological language they find offensive." Sir Keir has spoken of his support for one of the key demands of feminists who have clashed with transgender activists by insisting on safe spaces, such as toilets, for those born as women. He said: "I believe in safe spaces for women. "I'm very clear about those too. "I think the 2010 act, the Equality Act, which does provide for safe spaces for women is right. "And therefore I'm very straightforward about this." 