Alexander Vlahos is perhaps best known for playing deadly sorcerer Mordred in BBC's Merlin as well as Prince Philippe in Versailles. He has also made appearances in the hit BBC crime drama Death In Paradise and medical series Doctors. With the Welsh star now appearing in two period dramas which both returned to screens earlier this month, Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the actor. Alexander recently joined the sixth series of the hit STARZ show Outlander as Allan Christie. The character is the son of Thomas (played by Mark Lewis Jones) in the series and he is Malva's (Jessica Reynolds) half-brother. While Thomas was behind bars, Allan and his mother lived with his uncle and his half-sister Malva was born while his father was locked up. Malva was actually Edgar Christie's daughter and when Edgar was killed, Allan and Malva were left in the care of their aunt. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot? Alexander recently opened up on joining the Outlander cast as Allan, admitting he made a vow to his agent in 2020 he would not star in any more period dramas. He explained: "Throughout my very lucky and blessed career, I’ve had the absolute joy of being surrounded by chainmail, or horses, or dragons, or 17th-century corridors in Versailles, and I said, 'Let’s try and avoid any more as I am starting to get a bit of a reputation as the bad boy of period dramas!' "But then Matt [Roberts] and Maril [Davis], the Outlander executive producers, reached out and said that I had been on their radar for quite a while." He told Digital Spy: "When Matt Roberts was over filming season three or four of Outlander, Versailles was on telly and he was very aware of Philippe and he was a big fan. "He said they were trying to get me to come into the show for quite a while so I think they were just waiting for the opportunity for, I guess, the right part, and that just so happened to be Allan Christie."  The Outlander actor was born in July 1988 which means he is now 33 years old. He joined the series at the same time as co-stars Thomas (Mark Lewis Jones), Allan and Malva (Jessica Reynolds). Mark, who is also Welsh, is 57 years old and Jessica is 23, soon to turn 24 in a couple of weeks. Jessica is very new to acting and with just a couple of credits under her belt including the BBC Three comedy-drama My Left Nut. DON'T MISS...Outlander season 6: Sam Heughan speaks on Jamie costume restrictions [LATEST]Mark Lewis Jones age: How old is Outlander's Tom Christie star?  [INSIGHT]Next James Bond: Outlander's Sam Heughan details his 007 audition  [INTERVIEW] Alexander, however, made his first television appearance in 2009 in the BBC Wales drama Crash before going on to star in the medical soap Doctors in a week-long storyline. Speaking about his large roles, he told Digital Spy: "I have been very blessed with huge shows that have had huge fandoms, from Merlin into Versailles. "I was blessed by having these very strong, opinionated, creative, loving, loyal fans. "Outlander is the same but bigger, and I am overwhelmed by the support – people knew I was in Glasgow, there were a couple of articles guessing what part I would be playing."  As well as joining season six of Outlander, Alexander has also landed a role in the second series of the 19th Century drama Sanditon. The ITV series is based on Jane Austen's unfinished final novel of the same name. Alexander plays the “striking and flamboyant” character Charles Lockhart, an artist who paints portraits of fashionable and wealthy residents. Outlander season six is available to watch on STARZPLAY in the UK and STARZ in the US. 