Manchester United have been tipped to let up to seven first-team players leave this summer - but Marcus Rashford is not one of them. United are set for a big summer transfer window as they look to appoint a permanent successor to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Rashford is reportedly keen on leaving the Red Devils but the England star has been advised to stay put. United are in a fight to retain Champions League qualification for next season. They are a point behind fourth-placed Arsenal but Mikel Arteta's side have three games in hand. Whether they qualify for Europe's elite club competition could determine the calibre of player they can sign in the summer. But Darren Bent believes there are several of the current squad who should be on their way whatever the outcome.  Edinson Cavani and Paul Pogba are out of contract at the end of the season and expected to leave. But former Tottenham striker Bent has named five other players who he thinks could be sold. Centre-backs Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof and Eric Bailly, as well as Cristiano Ronaldo and Aaron Wan-Bissaka make up the seven players. "There's a transition period going on at Manchester United where I can't see them winning the league within the next five to 10 years, I just can't," Bent said on talkSPORT. DON'T MISSBillionaire Chelsea fan gives Newcastle financial headache as he plots Abramovich takeover [REPORT]Arsenal star Alexandre Lacazette calls out 'killer' Thomas Partey after suffering injury [SOCIAL]Mauricio Pochettino hints how much he would change at Man Utd in Rio Ferdinand chat [INTERVIEW]  "But they're going to have to start the process of rebuilding that squad at some point. "And this summer, when they get a new manager in, it might be that. Ronaldo, Cavani, Pogba's obviously going to go it looks like. "Even maybe Maguire, Lindelof, Bailly, I like Wan-Bissaka but he just hasn't been good enough. "They could generate a lot of money from selling some of these players and I think the rebuild needs to start again."  However, Bent does not think Rashford should be too hasty with a decision over his future. Rashford has struggled for game time at United but Bent says he should at least wait until the new manager is appointed. “I would probably hold fire if I was Rashford, just to see who comes in,” Bent added. “The new manager might come in, all of a sudden they have a clear out and could make noises like 'listen, I'm going to build my team around you, you're going to be the main part of my attack'.  "That might just encourage Marcus Rashford to want to stick around a little bit and have a go. "But then it comes back to himself and he needs to sort his own form out. “He needs to wait to see who is coming in, wait to have a conversation with that individual, and then make a decision after that.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 