The Netflix adaptation of Julia Quinn’s bestselling novels has become a worldwide phenomenon, and there are already at least two more seasons in the works after the second instalment dropped earlier this month. Although Bridgerton features some of the most lavish sets and costumes on screens today, Bessie Carter admitted the locations aren’t as luxurious as they appear. Prudence Featherington star Bessie has pulled back the curtain on one of the biggest shows in Netflix’s catalogue. Bessie reprised her role as Prudence in the second outing, which dropped this month after a long 15-month gap between Bridgerton seasons. Although the steamy period drama has become one of the most-watched streaming shows of the last two years, Bessie revealed filming the series wasn’t always as glamorous as fans might believe. She revealed to Express.co.uk and other press: “The really obvious thing that people don’t know is the joy of, on set, you’ve got the Featherington house and you go across one corridor and then you’re in the Bridgerton house.”  Prudence Featherington star Bessie has pulled back the curtain on one of the biggest shows in Netflix’s catalogue. Bessie reprised her role as Prudence in the second outing, which dropped this month after a long 15-month gap between Bridgerton seasons. Although the steamy period drama has become one of the most-watched streaming shows of the last two years, Bessie revealed filming the series wasn’t always as glamorous as fans might believe. She revealed to Express.co.uk and other press: “The really obvious thing that people don’t know is the joy of, on set, you’ve got the Featherington house and you go across one corridor and then you’re in the Bridgerton house.” READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is Both the Bridgerton and Featherington families are known for their distinct yet equally luxurious homes. While the Featheringtons lavish in their wealth, down to their bright and extravagant dresses, the Bridgerton family is somewhat more low-key and refined. Despite their contrasting style, many sequences inside the family homes were actually filmed on the same set. “That I quite like, you’d never know watching it,” Bessie went on at the show’s recent press conference. “I still, to this day, just find it so amazing. Like, ‘look, it’s so small!’ It’s just all fake.” Exterior shots actually take place outside Ranger's House in Greenwich, standing in for the Bridgerton manor, though several locations are used throughout the series. Much of the filming occurs inside Halton House at RAF Halton, which fans now know doubles as the Bridgerton and Featheringtons’ interior. Showrunner Chris Van Dusen admitted post-production for the series was also not quite as sophisticated as the finished product might have viewers believe. DON'T MISS:House of the Dragon release date set for August 2022 [UPDATE]Power Book 4: Walter and Serbian war teased in promo [VIDEO]NCIS fans rejoice as series confirms Kasie Hines romance [REACTION] He explained: “I have a post-filming [secret], and that’s a lot of the show is edited in my basement. “You would expect me to be in this huge, state-of-the-art editing suite. But, as a sign of the times, due to the pandemic, we did all the editing virtually.” Having released the first season in 2020, the second season of Bridgerton was almost immediately ordered by Netflix and had to be written, filmed and edited during the pandemic. Thankfully, the finalised second season was delivered just over a year later, though creating an entire season of television with various restrictions in place was no small task. “God bless my editors for being so patient,” Chris added. “But there was a lot of just me in my basement at home, with sometimes 18-month-old twins and a four-year-old running around. “They were actually a benefit to the show because they would dance to the orchestral pop songs we were doing. And I knew those songs were keepers.” Chris won’t be returning to his basement to edit Bridgerton as he has now departed as showrunner, but the cast are all confirmed to be back for two more seasons - and potentially more - of the hit historical romance. Bridgerton seasons 1 and 2 are available to stream on Netflix.