The Duchess of York shared a heartfelt message in a series of Instagram stories. Sharing the Crown Prince of Johor's message on her Instagram Story, she posted: “We live in a world today that facts no longer matter.  “It's all about perception. That is very sad and scary.” The Royals have been coming out in support of Ukraine as the disastrous act by Russia continues. The Prince spoke to invited guests from the Ukrainian community in the UK in a heartfelt address. He said: “I must say my wife and I have been deeply moved by everything we've heard today during our visit and above all by the extraordinary bravery, generosity and fortitude of the Ukrainian community in the face of such truly terrible aggression.” The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall also showed solidarity with the eastern European nation following Russia's invasion by paying tribute to the “extraordinary bravery and fortitude” of the Ukrainian people in the face of “such truly terrible aggression”.  The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall also showed solidarity with the eastern European nation following Russia's invasion by paying tribute to the “extraordinary bravery and fortitude” of the Ukrainian people in the face of “such truly terrible aggression”. The royal couple were greeted by Bishop Kenneth Nowakowski, Ukraine's Ambassador to the UK Vadym Prystaiko, and his wife, Inna Prystaiko, at the venue. During the visit, the Duchess, 74, broke from royal protocol to hug the wife of the country's ambassador who clearly looked emotional, before telling her: “We are praying for you.” Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy personally thanked Prince William and Kate Middleton for their message showing their alliance.  READ MORE: Diane Abbott accused of dreadful statement about Putin The royal couple shared a personal tweet in support of Ukraine on Saturday, writing: “In October 2020 we had the privilege to meet President Zelenskyy and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine's future. “Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine's people as they bravely fight for that future W & C.” The Queen has also made a “generous” donation to the Disasters Emergency Committee in light of the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. Taking to Twitter, the organisation, which brings together 15 major UK charities to quickly coordinate responses to overseas incidents, thanked the monarch.  DON'T MISS:Mark Dolan slams Labour MP after election interview snub-'Over to you'‘End of Covid’ SAGE stands down as UK enters new phase of pandemicBoris Johnson pledges ‘toughest ever’ sanctions against Putin They wrote: “Many thanks to Her Majesty The Queen for continuing to support the Disasters Emergency Committee and for making a generous donation to the DEC Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal. @RoyalFamily #UkraineAppeal.” Prince Harry and Meghan Markle also issued a statement of their own on February 24. A statement posted to their Archewell Foundation website last week read: “Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex and all of us at Archewell stand with the people of Ukraine against this breach of international and humanitarian law and encourage the global community and its leaders to do the same.” When Meghan and Harry accepted an award at the NAACP Image Awards on Saturday, Prince Harry also addressed the ongoing crisis by saying, “Before I begin, we would like to acknowledge the people of Ukraine, who urgently need our continued support as a global community.” 