Lewis Hamilton has revealed the effect that some of the abuse he received last season from fans of rival drivers had on him as he battled for a record eighth world title. The Briton would fall just short of that goal as Max Verstappen won the title in controversial circumstances at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. After missing out on the championship in such a painful way, Hamilton went on a two-month social media hiatus. His silence only served to fuel rumours that he was considering ending his racing career after becoming "disillusioned" with the sport. The Briton's decision to stay away from social media may have had something to do with some of the abuse he had already received earlier in the season. In particular, he was targeted by Verstappen fans after an incident at the British Grand Prix, when the Dutchman was sent flying into a tyre wall and out of the race after contact with his title rival. Hamilton talked about what could have happened had he taken any of that abuse to heart. "Of course there's so many nice comments and then there's trolling, all these different things that people experience," the Mercedes racer told Sky Sports F1 on the subject of social media. JUST IN: Hamilton snooped on Verstappen's car and gave Mercedes feedback "If I had sat and read all the comments after Silverstone – the racial abuse – I could have downward spiralled to a negative place. "I just don't let that volatile medium control my life. You've got to be careful because obviously the way the media try to hype up the drama also creates a narrative for fans." Abuse towards Hamilton from Verstappen fans was not just limited to social media last season. Many members of the 'Orange Army' were also rather vocal in person, particularly at tracks in countries where the Dutchman is the more popular racer. Races in Hungary and Belgium either side of the mid-season break saw a large amount of Verstappen fans visit, many of whom booed Hamilton over the course of the weekend. DON'T MISS:Drive to Survive chief shuts down Wolff and Verstappen suggestionsMax Verstappen raged at Drive to Survive: 'Don't like it'Toto Wolff was warned to 'grow up' by fuious Johnny Herbert It was expected to get even more intense, for obvious reasons, when the paddock travelled to the Netherlands for the Dutch Grand Prix. Despite the anticipation of a hostile reception for his rival in his homeland, Verstappen saw no need to call upon his countrymen to ease up on Hamilton. "I look at it like this…when you go to a football match, you come into the home ground, the opposition will be booed at some point," he said ahead of the race. "It's not up to the local club to go on to the speakers and say 'guys, you cannot boo', because it will naturally happen. "I don't think it's up to me to then say 'guys, you cannot boo' because at the end of the day I am not them and I have to just focus on what I am doing on the track. "I am pretty sure that most of them are here for a great weekend to see cars racing and of course, some of them will boo. I cannot decide for them." Meanwhile, the on-track rivalry between Hamilton and Verstappen is expected to heat up once again when the racing action gets under way for the season in Bahrain on March 20. After three crashes and several more flashpoints involving them in 2021, Hamilton has suggested that both racers have a responsibility to avoid a repeat of such incidents. "Some days we get it right, sometimes we get it wrong," he added. "But I think what's really important is that we're human beings and that we do keep respect."