Airing on BBC One on Saturday, March 5 following its initial broadcast in the USA, the early reaction to Killing Eve was mixed. Although some people jumped on BBC iPlayer when it landed at the end of February to get stuck in, many who saved their viewing until March wish they hadn't as several fans changed the channel. The trailer had viewers hooked, with them wanting to know how the devilish Villanelle (played by Jodie Comer) and Eve (Sandra Oh) would end the smash-hit show. Season three ended with the pair looking back at each other, longingly teasing fans that their relationship might not entirely be over. However, as the show hit the TV screens of BBC spectators, many soon took to social media to share their dissatisfaction. Within the first 20 minutes, Twitter was a frenzy with "confused" fans wondering what was happening and wondering why Villanelle was now posing as an angelic churchgoer. Read More: 90s TV presenters: Where are Pat Sharp, Jayne Middlemiss and Ortis Deley now? Her heavenly demeanour was soon wiped away when she accidentally killed a pet cat from the house she was seeking refuge at. It was at this point that some viewers had enough and reached for the remote, threatening to boycott the rest of the final ever season. Twitter user Jayne Alliss said: "Yes, just switched off and won't be bothering with the rest of the series. Shame on you." She wasn't alone as @PolygoniaSpec tweeted: "Should have ended at series one........with Eve dead. #KillingEve."  "Bit of a s***e start, probably a series too far.. #killingeve," @kev_g63 commented. Gillian Hudson voiced her concern as well: "Gotta be honest, struggling a bit, here. #KillingEve." New love interests were introduced as well as Eve having now had some form of combat training, appeared to be a stronger, more bold version of her previous character. The continuation of the story with a minimal recap left spectators wondering "what's going on" with some thinking it had taken an "unusual turn". DON’T MISS…Coronation Street twist as Daniel Osbourne begins affair with former flame? [SPOILERS]Emmerdale return for Megan Macey after Laurel betrayal in Kim Tate twist? [SPOILERS]Donny Osmond explains why he handed over iconic hit to Michael Jackson [LATEST]  It wasn't all doom and gloom for the loyal Killing fans watching, as many couldn't wait to find out more. @Jeanne_Pan wanted to embrace the kooky killer: "Oh my sweet little murder baby... can someone please just give her a hug #KillingEve." @droftes demanded silence online: "Right, stop talking! "Killing Eve is back, and with the world spinning out of control, who doesn't need a little Villanelle in their life? #KillingEve."  The concluding season will be made up of eight episodes and with a lot of ground to cover, the show is sure to contain more action and plot twists as it progresses. Konstantin actor Kim Bodnia has already teased that Jodie helped push him to new emotional depths, which should encourage fans to stick with it. Speaking on This Morning recently, he said: "So she wanted to push my feelings as I had pushed her feelings through the seasons. "She came up with something in a scene that she wasn't supposed to do, and she got me! "The emotional stuff was just coming out of me." Killing Eve continues Sunday at 9pm on BBC One. 