Royal commentator Phil Dampier hailed the return of the Queen to in-person duties as a hopeful sight boding well for the future. Her Majesty recently recovered from a mild bout of COVID-19, which she contracted in mid-February. Despite the worrying diagnosis, the monarch never stopped undertaking her daily duties as head of state - including dealing with government documents and holding weekly audiences with the Prime Minister. THE Queen's recent public appearance "gives hopes" she will be able to enjoy in person some of the most important events taking place to mark her Platinum Jubilee, according to a royal author.  Earlier this month, she also resumed audiences with foreign diplomats via video link. And on Monday, she met Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in person. In pictures taken during the private audience, the Queen appeared in high spirits and was not using a walking stick. Commenting on Her Majesty's return to full duties, Mr Dampier told FEMAIL: "It's wonderful to see the Queen back meeting people after recovering from Covid... "Most importantly the fact she is well again gives hope that she will be able to fully enjoy her Platinum Jubilee celebrations later in the year." He added: "She would have been very pleased to see Justin Trudeau as she takes her role as Head of State in Canada very seriously." Mr Dampier suggested the Queen has an unparalleled experience as head of state, given 2022 marks her 70th year on the throne. He said: "How many world leaders can say they knew a visiting Prime Minister's father when he was PM as was Pierre Trudeau?" READ MORE: Prince George is not ‘a spoiled child’ - expert analysis Mr Trudeau's father has been the 15th Prime Minister of Canada and was in office between 1980 and 1984. The Queen sparked health concerns multiple times over the past few months. First, on October 20 last year, she left the public concerned after she cancelled a planned two-day trip to Northern Ireland to mark its centenary following her doctors' advice to rest. In the following days, after a very busy few weeks which saw the sovereign travelling across the country and undertaking multiple in-person and virtual engagements a day, the Queen cancelled most of her scheduled duties, including the attendance to the reception at COP26. She was also forced to miss the National Service of Remembrance in November at the Cenotaph after spraining her back. Concerns over the monarch's health dissipated in late autumn last year. While she did not undertake any royal engagement outside of palace walls, the Queen travelled to Sandringham in early November for a private visit. Moreover, she also undertook virtual and in-person audiences at Windsor Castle with foreign diplomats and heads of state. The Queen returned to Sandringham in late January to see the beginning of her historic Platinum Jubilee from the royal residence where her father King George VI died 70 years ago. However, after returning to Windsor Castle in February, the monarch sparked further health worries after pointing at her feet and joking she couldn't move during a meeting with Defence Services Secretary Major General Eldon Millar and his predecessor Rear Admiral James Macleod. Celebrations for the Jubilee are to take place during a long bank holiday weekend lasting between June 2 to 5. Among the events planned there is the Trooping the Colour parade, street parties and a festival of thanksgiving. Buckingham Palace is also to become the set of a concert. While the monarch is unlikely to attend every single event planned for the special weekend, she has been tipped to be at some of them. Mr Dampier said: "She may be suffering from stiffness in her legs and hips, but it will be wonderful to see her enjoy The Derby, Trooping the Colour and all the other events in June".