Edward celebrated his 58th birthday this week and his mother, the Queen, 95, was among the well-wishers. The Royal Family’s official Twitter account posted a picture of Her Majesty’s youngest son smiling. The post, which featured a birthday day cake emoji, read: “Wishing the Earl of Wessex a very Happy Birthday!” Edward and his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex are working royals and conduct engagements for the Queen. Royal expert Marlene Koenig told Express.co.uk how Edward’s pet project unravelled after he set it up in 1993. The US-based writer and librarian has researched Britain’s Royal Family for more than 40 years. She said: “Edward and Sophie dated and lived together for a number of years before they tied the knot in 1999 at St George’s Chapel. “At first, they were going to be continuing with their own businesses. “Edward had Ardent Productions and Sophie had established her own PR firm because she had worked in PR before she got married. “As we know, things got difficult. Edward did get some praise for some of his programmes that were sold to CBS and elsewhere. “He didn’t use his title. He was known as Edward Windsor. But there were some issues. It was not making money.” Although Edward initially received some acclaim with Ardent overseas, the business was not as successful in the UK. Edward, who notoriously starred in ‘It’s a Royal Knockout’ in 1987, drew criticism over Ardent’s content. When Edward stepped down as head of the firm in March 2002, journalist and historian Andy Beckett claimed much of the company’s programming was outdated. DON'T MISS: 'Sitting by their pool' Harry & Meghan savaged for new political move [LATEST]Prince Harry’s ‘unfortunate remark’ went down ‘like lead balloon’ with Markles [INSIGHT]Do YOU think it's OK for Royal Family to contribute to Andrew's payout with private money? [ANALYSIS] He wrote: “To watch Ardent's few dozen hours of broadcast output is to enter a strange kingdom where every man in Britain still wears a tie, where pieces to camera are done in cricket jumpers, where people clasp their hands behind their backs like guardsmen.” Edward said his exit from the company allowed him to focus on the Queen’s Golden Jubilee in 2002 to celebrate 50 years of her reign. After the Earl’s career in TV came to an end, Ardent was eventually dissolved in 2009, with its assets slashed to just £40. Ms Koenig said that after Edward and Sophie’s careers came to an end, rules known as the Luce guidelines were created to govern how royals balance Luce guidelines business interests with their work for the Queen. She said: “In the end, guidelines were established – they were called the Luce guidelines after Lord Luce. They agreed to them. “But this was the time of the Golden Jubilee, and the Queen, according to press reports, wanted them to take on more duties involving the Jubilee. “And both businesses were eventually closed down.”