Cooking meals at home has been associated with improved diet quality and cardio-metabolic health. These are essential to living a healthier and longer life. As a matter of fact, good cardiovascular health decreases the risk of premature mortality, while increasing life expectancy. The risk is reduced in both healthy adults and people with cardiometabolic disease. Researchers at Newcastle University conducted a study based on data from more than 11,000 adults in the UK. Participants were aged 29 to 64 years old. The study found that people eating home-cooked meals were more likely to stick to a DASH or Mediterranean diet lifestyle. Their intake of fruits, vegetables, and vitamin C was also higher READ MORE: Do hair loss prevention shampoos work? Expert on caffeine treatments [EXCLUSIVE] Researchers at Newcastle University conducted a study based on data from more than 11,000 adults in the UK.Participants were aged 29 to 64 years old.The study found that people eating home-cooked meals were more likely to stick to a DASH or Mediterranean diet lifestyle.Their intake of fruits, vegetables, and vitamin C was also higher. The study observed that people eating homemade meals more than five times a week consumed 62.3 g more fruit than people who rarely prepped their own food. The number was even higher when it came to vegetable consumption. People cooking at home had 97.8 g more vegetables a day. In general, regular consumption of homemade meals was linked to having a normal BMI range and body fat. The study observed that people eating homemade meals more than five times a week consumed 62.3 g more fruit than people who rarely prepped their own food.The number was even higher when it came to vegetable consumption.People cooking at home had 97.8 g more vegetables a day.In general, regular consumption of homemade meals was linked to having a normal BMI range and body fat. Researchers also pointed out that people cooking at home were 28 percent less likely to have overweight BMI. They were also 24 percent less likely to have excess body fat. Consuming home-cooked meals was also associated with signs of cardio-metabolic health. These included adiposity, cholesterol level, and diabetes risk. “These findings suggest that regularly eating home-cooked meals may confer benefits to diet and health,” said researchers. Eating at home, they argued, could make it easier to adhere to healthy eating habits. Consuming foods that are part of the DASH lifestyle, for example, is associated with “positive health indicators and lowered cardio-metabolic risk”. The diet, which is low in sodium and saturated fat and rich in potassium, calcium, fiber, and protein, is shown to prevent high blood pressure. The Mediterranean diet, too, has been linked with positive health benefits and it is ideal for the prevention of cardiovascular disease, researchers said. The diet is low in consumption of red meats, and moderate in consumption of fish and poultry. Fermented dairy products and wine are to be eaten in moderation. People following this lifestyle mainly benefit from the high consumption of fruits, legumes, cereals, and olive oil.