Manchester United will apparently not attempt to entice Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel to Old Trafford, with club chiefs conceding that any new Blues ownership group will want to secure the services of the German. United instead have a four-man shortlist for the top job as interim manager Ralf Rangnick prepares to take a behind-the-scenes consultancy role at the end of the season. Last summer, there was arguably more optimism around Old Trafford than there had been since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. The Red Devils had built what appeared to be a formidable team after Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane joined the club from Borussia Dortmund and Real Madrid respectively. And United appeared to be in dreamland as they signed Cristiano Ronaldo before the end of the summer transfer window and won four of their opening five Premier League matches. In fact, there were quiet suggestions that the north west outfit could even be involved in a Premier League title race this season. But the wheels fell off in the autumn following a dismal run of form and ex-manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was given his marching orders after his side were humbled 4-1 by Watford. Rangnick was eventually appointed until the end of the season and was given the task of cementing Champions League football next term. JUST IN: Man Utd face Raiola transfer trouble as Bayern 'bid' jeopardises plans The 63-year-old started his tenure well, but his side have been inconsistent since Christmas and a top-four finish is looking less and less likely with every passing week. United will want to bring in a new boss who can finally crack the dilemma of how to restore the team to their former glory. But, according to Sky Sports, United have distanced themselves for coverage suggesting they are chasing Tuchel. And one source has labelled the rumours as “media talk, not reality.” The 13-time Premier League champions would instead prefer to choose between Mauricio Pochettino, Erik ten Hag, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique. DON'T MISS...Arsenal's kit for 2022/23 'leaked' as Adidas copy design from Man UtdTottenham's Conte given cause for concern by Argentina's Romero callMan City have Haaland fear with Real Madrid set to use transfer tactic  Pochettino and Ten Hag appear to be the favourites at the moment, although the former is coming under increasing pressure at Paris Saint-Germain following their Champions League capitulation against Real Madrid earlier this month. Pochettino is regarded by some as a nearly man and United chiefs could be reluctant to appoint a manager who has a paucity of silverware in his trophy cabinet. Ten Hag has been successful in the Netherlands with Ajax but saw his side exit the Champions League at the round of 16 stage as well. So Sevilla boss Lopetegui, who won the Europa League in 2020, or Spain manager Enrique, who previously led Barcelona to Champions League success and two La Liga titles, could yet become the frontrunners to land the job. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 