Royally Us hosts Christone Ross and Christina Garibaldi have argued the Royal Family are in a "difficult position" over the war in Ukraine as they may want to speak out publicly but tend to stay away from involving the monarchy in politics. It comes after the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge made a visit to a Ukrainian Cultural Centre. Ms Garibaldi told Royally US: "So like we said they the royal family tend to not talk about politics, but this was definitely a way for her to lend her support and say which side she is on. Ms Ross replied" "Absolutely and we've talked before where there's such a fine line between political issues and humanitarian issues. "I think that this is that fine line where the UK is still kind of negotiating politically with Russia in certain ways. "So it really puts the Royals in a difficult position where they may want to speak out publicly, but it might not seem appropriate given their position." She added: "So I thought the queen I know that Duke and Duchess of Cornwall also made a quiet donation. "And the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge also made I think, a donation to the same organisation as the Queen. "So it is just incredible to see them lending their support." The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited the Ukrainian Cultural Centre in London to hear of efforts to help Ukrainians across Europe. William and Kate viewed the piles of donations in boxes being collected at the centre on Wednesday. The pair, who have donated to the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) appeal, learnt about steps being taken to support Ukrainians amid the ongoing war. The duke and duchess brought trays of homemade chocolate brownies and granola bars with them from Kensington Palace to give to the volunteers. They spoke with Saleh Saeed, chief executive of DEC, hearing about DEC's humanitarian appeal, which has so far raised more than £120 million. DON'T MISS: Queen and Prince Philip broke royal tradition with Prince Edward birth [REVEALED]Prince Philip's brutal assessment of Joe Pasquale laid bare [INSIGHT]Key development in Prince Andrew case: ‘Taken everyone by surprise’ [EXPERT] The couple also heard how there had been specific requests for medicines for hospitals in Ukraine, as they were shown the large amount of pharmaceutical goods amassed in the centre. At least two million people have already fled their homes to escape the conflict, with four million expected to be displaced as the Russian invasion continues. William and Kate expressed their solidarity with the people of Ukraine soon after Vladimir Putin launched his attack, saying in a tweet "we stand with the President and all of Ukraine's people as they bravely fight for that future." The DEC, which is made up of 15 leading UK aid charities aiming to raise funds quickly and efficiently at times of crisis overseas, said "generous donations" have been made by the Queen, the Prince of Wales and William and Kate among others.