The French President is expected to lead the first round of the elections on April 10 with 28 percent of the votes against 20 percent for National Rally leader Marine Le Pen. But according to a recent poll published by ELABE for BFM TV and L'Express, far-left voters are increasingly likely to vote for Le Pen against President Macron in the second round. The poll showed that up to 39 percent of members of the left-wing party Ensemble would vote for Ms Le Pen. Supporters of Jean-Luc Melenchon, also on the left, would vote for Le Pen by 31 percent against 28 percent for Mr Macron. Commenting on the poll, journalist Agnes C. Pirier said: "Rising pessimism in France. "Polls suggest that if Le Pen wins the presidency, now a real possibility, it will be thanks to the Far Left voters. Bleak."  A poll by the Ifop-Fiducial published this week put Mr Macron at 53 percent of the vote, with Ms Le Pen just behind at 47 percent. A separate Ipsos Sopra-Steria poll, published on Tuesday, placed Mr Macron’s share of the vote at 56 percent, versus Ms Le Pen at 44 percent. And a poll published today for Les Echoes and Radio Calssique sees Mr Macron winning with 55 percent of the votes against 45 percent for Le Pen. However, all indicates Le Pen’s popularity had shot up by three points in just a week. The ELABE poll is the first to indicate an even closer gap between the pair. They explain: "In the second round, the gap has never been so tight between Emmanuel Macron (52.5 percent, -3.5) and Marine Le Pen (47.5 percent, +3.5). READ MORE: Putin turns on ‘misleading’ military leaders  "Given the results measured in the first round and the margins of error the E. Macron / M. Le Pen configuration is the only plausible hypothesis today. "The rise of Marine Le Pen is explained by two phenomena: "A positive dynamic in the 1st round; a better report of votes from potential voters in the 1st round of Éric Zemmour (79 percent, +10 in one week) and to a lesser extent from Jean-Luc Mélenchon (31 percent, +4." Macron advisers dismissed Ms Le Pen’s rise, saying the change was down to public opinion towards the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The president’s popularity spiked with public approval for how Mr Macron handled the breakout of the war. DON'T MISS: Putin ‘misjudged’ Russian troops capabilities, says top spy chief [INSIGHT]Ukraine LIVE: Boris considering daring Mariupol rescue mission [LIVE BLOG]Kadyrov brags about Ukraine conflict but online post put him in Russia [VIDEO] One anonymous aide told AFP: “We knew he wasn’t going to stay so high.” Ms Le Pen took a rather different stance, telling the French newspaper Le Parisien: "I have never been so close to victory.” With just a week and a half remaining until the first-round election, Mr Macron addressed a Paris rally to explain his absence in domestic politics as he focussed on the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. He joked: “I adore rallies but let’s be clear-headed – I can’t do many!” Addressing his pre-occupation with Ukraine, he added: “No one would understand if I wasn’t there to protect the French.” The ELABE poll was conducted with a sample of 1,531 people representative of residents of mainland France aged 18 and over, including 1,416 registered on the electoral lists. Interview by Internet from March 28 to 30, 2022. The representativeness of the sample was ensured according to the quota method applied to the following variables: sex, age, socio-professional category, region of residence and category of urban area.