More than 10 million Britons rely on prescription medication every year in the UK so news that NHS prescriptions charges in England will remain at £9.35 this year is a welcome relief. However, millions of people who receive one of five benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) could get free prescriptions.   As the cost of living crisis continues to deepen, the Department for Health and Social Care (DHSC) has confirmed that NHS prescription charges won't increase this year. Edward Argar, the minister of state for health, said: “Prescription charges will not be uplifted on April 1, 2022. “There is currently no planned announcement on any future increase. “Decisions on increases take account of a range of evidence including the Gross Domestic Product deflator.” READ MORE: Thank you!' Martin Lewis saves man £492 a year on his Sky TV bill Although this is good news, Britons will be looking to make savings where they can to offset price rises elsewhere. While millions of Britons rely on prescriptions every month, some could be getting them for free. People who receive five DWP benefits should check whether they actually qualify for this free Government support. It could save them hundreds of pounds over the course of a year. DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis: A little-known way to pay for dentistry and opticians [UPDATE]Pensioner explains simple way she earns £2,000 a month [INSIGHT]Cost of living: Pensioners urged to claim £3,000 DWP benefit [ALERT] Which DWP benefits are eligible for free NHS prescriptions? Universal Credit claimants should get free prescriptions if they had no earnings or earnings of £435 or less in their last Universal Credit assessment period. People might be able to earn more than this if they have children at home. Those who don’t qualify for any Government help should consider investing in a Pre Payment Certificate (PPC)). A PPC lets people buy as many NHS prescriptions as they need for a set price. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea How much is a Pre Payment Certificate? A PPC can be bought from the NHS website.