Alexandre Lacazette's penalty technique reportedly led to a furious debate in the latest Premier League captains' meeting. Lacazette has now only taken over the captaincy since Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's departure in January, but the Frenchman has also become the club's No 1 penalty taker. After missing his effort against West Ham back in December, Lacazette has scored both penalties since. But his latest against Leicester caused uproar when Kasper Schmeichel demanded the penalty be retaken. The Danish shot-stopper was incensed and rushed to the referee Anthony Taylor to protest the legality of Lacazette's run-up. The match official stuck with the original decision and decided not to penalise Lacazette. But Schmeichel clearly still isn't happy about it as he raised the issue to the referee's body PGMOL in a recent meeting. According to the Daily Mail, Schmeichel was the first captain to raise his hand for a question. JUST IN: Arsenal warned of big Rashford problem which could end interest   And the Leicester goalkeeper wanted more clarity from officials about penalty takers who stutter during their run-up. PGMOL select group director Adam Gale-Watts is said to have outlined the laws of the game with his response, insisting players are able to stall or stutter in their run-up, but not when it is completed. Premier League officials have also come under fire this season for their use of VAR. Newcastle skipper Jamaal Lascelles reportedly wanted to know how referees are 'held accountable'. Mike Riley is said to have responded by admitting that referees are human and make mistakes, but the officials are also aware of 'consequences' for their actions. There was controversy last month when Everton were denied what appeared to be a stonewall penalty against Manchester City after Rodri handled the ball inside the box. DON'T MISS  The incident was referred to VAR, but Chris Kavanagh decided there was not enough clear evidence that the ball had struck Rodri above the level of the armpit. Everton boss Frank Lampard was furious in the aftermath of the match, insisting his three-year-old daughter would have been able to tell that it was a penalty. He said: "It is incompetence at best, if not that then someone needs to explain what it is." And Pep Guardiola admitted a few days later that if there was no offside call in the build up then it should have been given as a penalty against his side.