The 13th season of NCIS Los Angeles is now well and truly in full swing on CBS with the drama coming thick and fast for the likes of Marty Deeks (played by Eric Christian Olsen), Kensi Blye (Daniela Ruah) and G Callen (Chris O’Donnell). And the action looks like it’s showing no signs of slowing if new sneak peeks from filming are anything to go by courtesy of Caleb Castille and Medallion Rahimi. But that’s not all as the Devin Roundtree star also confirmed a familiar face will be back alongside the team. After its winter hiatus, NCIS LA has returned stronger than ever with episode 11, titled All the Little Things, the next instalment dropping on CBS on March 11. In the next episode, Kensi and Deeks’ desire for a family looks set to be revisited after they find an abandoned child on-board a Navy ship, while there’s a return for former series stalwart Nate Getz (Peter Cambor). Anna (Bar Paly) will also make a surprise comeback to reunite with Callen following the explosive scenes in season 12 which saw her kidnapped, saved and the pair’s romance in tatters. Beyond that, however, NCIS LA isn’t done with bringing back old faces as Castille confirmed on Instagram that Vostanik Sabatino star Erik Palladino would be making a comeback. READ MORE: NCIS season 19: Fans call for newcomer to become a permanent agent The news came on the social media site as Castille’s co-star Rahimi shared a series of behind the scenes peeks at filming with the Devin actor. In the first footage, Rahimi captured the crew filming Castille sprinting out of a building. She cheekily captioned the clip: “@calebcastille they’re definitely putting this in slow-mo @ncisla.” In a second clip, Castille again showed off his running skills, prompting Rahimi to quip: “@calebcastille those football skills come to good use on this show.” (Sic) But in a third clip, it looks like Roundtree is in for some bone-crushing action as the character can be seen wrestling with a suspect on the ground. Luckily, it looks like Roundtree will get his man as Castille can be seen planting the handcuffs on the suspect. Rahimi and Castille then shared a selfie from behind the scenes with none other than Palladino. “Look who’s in the house @erikpalladino,” Castille commented on the snap while Rahimi added: “Always a good ole time working with @erikpalladino.” DON'T MISS:NCIS: Is Director Vance's daughter Kayla Vance joining as new agent?NCIS' Pauley Perrette issues passionate plea against Ukrainian warNCIS NOLA's Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap replacement confirmed Palladino’s character Vostanik has had more than his fair share of gripping storylines on NCIS LA over the years, from trying to bring the team down to working with them to track down Anna. His last appearance came in season 12, episode nine, titled A Fait Accompli. And while details on his exact return date and episode remain under wraps for now, Palladino has been shedding more light on his return on his own Instagram page. Alongside Sam Hannah star LL Cool J, Palladino stopped for an on-set selfie with the pair head to toe in armour. “Always a pleasure working with @llcoolj,” he began. “Can’t believe it’s been 9 years Sabatino has been taking up space on @ncisla.” But what exactly could the duo be gearing themselves up for? Palladino’s armoured vest has “US Marshall” attached to the front so it sounds like the team-up with the NCIS team will be against rather formidable opposition. NCIS LA season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.