Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer had enjoyed a rise in popularity at the start of 2022, as public favour with the Tories dipped due to the ongoing ‘partygate’ scandal. Sir Keir will be hoping to topple Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s Government at the next general election. Though the latest data suggests his support has waned recently. Sir Keir currently has an approval rating of 32 percent according to YouGov - correct as of March 10. Compared to his February rating he has dropped two percentage points from 34 percent. In fact, prior to March the Labour leader had steadily grown his popularity month-on-month since last September - when it was ranked at 18 percent. READ MORE: ‘Totally undeniable’ MPs colluded with Remainers to try stop Brexit  Meanwhile, the number of people who disapprove of the job Sir Keir is doing has dropped by three points to 46 percent. The market research firm asked participants: “Do you think Keir Starmer is doing well or badly as leader of the Labour party?” Each person could then answer either ‘well’, ‘badly’, or ‘don’t know’. The number of individuals who gave the final option as their answer grew from 17 to 22 percent.  Overall, between 1,623 and 3,326 British adults were surveyed as part of the research. Since becoming Labour leader in April 2020, Sir Keir’s approval rating has peaked at 48 percent on two separate occasions, though from December 2020 his score has not broken the 40 percent mark and often fluctuated between 20 and 30 percent. The incumbent Prime Minister currently has a lower approval rating than the leader of the opposition. DON'T MISS: Boris denies being 'most anti-Russian leader' after gold sanctions [EXPLAINED]Thousands of Britons plunged into 'total darkness' [NEWS]Putin has legs cut from beneath him as Russian morale 'shockingly low' [INSIGHT]  Mr Johnson’s score stands at 30 percent after dipping to its lowest ever level in January - 22 percent. The last time his score was ranked higher was in October 2021 (32 percent). In the past two months Mr Johnson’s rating has recovered somewhat, growing by eight percentage points. Nonetheless, the 57-year-old still has a greater measure of people (63 percent) who think he’s doing badly in his role compared to Sir Keir.  Sir Keir’s stronger popularity with the public is reflected in the latest voting intention figures. At present Labour are edging the Tories out by one percentage point - 36 percent for Labour and 35 percent for the Conservatives. However, compared with the previous survey Labour have dropped by three points, while the Tories have seen their share increase by two percent. The next closest challengers are the Liberal Democrats with nine percent of the vote. 