Following Michael Keaton and Val Kilmer’s turns as the Dark Knight in Batman, Batman Returns and Batman Forever, George Clooney took his chances with 1997’s Batman and Robin with director Joel Schumacher, who helmed the last movie. With stars like Arnold Schwarzenegger as Mr Freeze and Uma Thurman as Poison Ivy, the DC movie looked like a promising sequel. However, upon release, the film was lambasted by the critics, from Arnie’s cheesy puns to the nipples on Batman and Robin’s suits and general pressure to make the franchise more family-friendly. On top of the bad reviews, making just $238.2 million on a budget of around $125-160 million was a box office disappointment for Warner Bros. As a result, a planned third movie from Schumacher called Batman Unchained was cancelled. It wasn’t until Christopher Nolan’s Batman Begins in 2005 that the franchise was magnificently rebooted. But what could have been another Clooney Batman movie did in fact have a script with huge stars planned to play the villains. In late 1996, Warner Bros hired screenwriter Mark Protosevich to pen this fifth Batman movie. Set for release in 1999, the main villain was going to be the Scarecrow with Harley Quinn as the supporting baddie. Jonathan Crane aka Scarecrow was played briefly by Coolio in Batman and Robin, however, Schumacher has said he had talked to Nicolas Cage about playing the role that would eventually be taken on by Cillian Murphy in Batman Begins. On top of this, The Joker – presumably reprised by Jack Nicholson – would have returned as a hallucination in Batman’s mind along with other defeated villains caused by Scarecrow’s toxin. Harley would have been written as The Joker’s daughter seeking to avenge her father’s death. Allegedly, Courtney Love was proposed for the part that would eventually be played by Margot Robbie in Suicide Squad. As for the plot of Batman Unchained, the storyline would have seen Scarecrow and Harley joining forces to make Batman appear insane and be put in Arkham Asylum. After defeating the villains, the movie would have concluded with Bruce Wayne entering a cave in Bali before being swarmed by bats to prove he had conquered his fear. DON'T MISSBatman movies viewing order for each Bruce Wayne star and more [BATMAN MOVIES]The Batman end credits: What flashed after the green question mark? [THE BATMAN]'No way, disaster!' Robert Pattinson left speechless after Batman news [R-BATZ] Schumacher also suggested rebooting the franchise with Year One, before Warner Bros took a pitch for another unmade film called Batman: DarKnight by Lee Shapiro and Stephen Wise. The storyline would have seen Bruce Wayne give up his mantle before returning to take on Scarecrow and a creature known as Man-Bat. But the studio would ultimately pass on these, along with the futuristic Batman Beyond and original attempt at Batman vs Superman. Luckily they made the right choice with Nolan’s Dark Knight trilogy, although he’s been providing tough to follow.