A treasure-trove of old BMWs has been unearthed at an abandoned dealership in the north of Spain, featuring many models that now sell for tens of thousands at auction. The dirt-covered cars have been sitting for many years after the owner closed down the building and walked away. Youtube channel M539 Restorations took cameras inside the warehouse and took some amazing footage over 70 minutes as they found classic BMW models including an E28 era M5, an 8 series 850i and a V12 750i. It wasn’t only BMWs however, the team also unearthed Alfa Romeos, Lancias, Jeeps, and Citroëns among the vehicles. Bird droppings and general waste covered the beautiful cars as the cameras panned around the hundreds of motors inside. READ MORE: London’s ULEZ scheme to cover all of the capital from next year Some cars were in better condition than others having been covered over for a decade and the experts believe they can be restored. However others would cost more than they are worth to bring back to life. Meanwhile the walls are covered with BMW branding and spaces for specialist tools to fix the cars. Elsewhere the floor is littered with spare engines, exhaust parts and wheels. DON'T MISSNew diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ [SHOCKING]Massive law changes to equip homes with EV chargers is 'frustrating' [WARNING]Andy Burnham calls for car tax U-turn after Clean Air Zone backlash [INSIGHT] Hundreds of motorbikes are also present in other areas of the building, including classic Vespas and more BMWs. The owner of the collection has begun the process of working out what each vehicle is worth if restored and has put some up for sale. Even without fixing up, some of the models like the older BMWs are being offered at prices of around 50,000 Euros (£42,000). Many of the cars in the warehouse have been sitting for thirty years without being started. The M539 Restorations presenter reveals he is interested in buying the M5 however he feels it, and many of the cars, could be overpriced. He said: “I don’t want to overpay for that car just because it’s rare. “It has no title, the body’s totalled, the drivetrain has been sitting for 22 years and has over 240,000 kilometres, the rims are missing. “I don’t want to encourage that type of behaviour where people in today’s crazy market can come up with whatever silly number they want and people will pay it.” Current values of the E28 M5s on sale in the UK range from £40,000 to £129,000. Classic car values have soared over the past five years with investors stocking up on well-looked after petrol engine manual examples. Many Porsche models that were selling for less than £5,000 a few years ago now command up to £20,000. Express.co.uk recently asked an expert on which models to look out for.