It has become fashionable among certain bodies to promote an ideologically driven anti-meat-eating agenda. Its proponents claim banning meat is entirely necessary to fight off climate change. They regularly cite global figures on agricultural emissions to prop up their arguments, focusing on farming systems in North and South America without any consideration of the entirely different systems used for British meat production. Oxfordshire County Council’s cross-party coalition have implemented a ban on the serving of meat at any council events. The policy was spearheaded by a local Green Party councillor, and waved through by their Labour and Liberal Democrat partners who cited ‘tackling climate change’ as justification. The unpopular move attracted anger among local farmers, who protested outside the council offices. Jeremy Clarkson, whose popular show Clarkson’s Farm is filmed in the county, also launched a robust rebuttal describing the decision as ‘utter, utter madness’. The Council’s response so far has been obtuse, with the motion’s Green Party proposer gleefully proclaiming that it “sends a powerful message to the people we represent that we take tackling climate change seriously and are prepared to play our part as community leaders". Utter nonsense. Taxpayers expect their local authority to carry out timely bin collections and essential road maintenance. They do not expect lectures in what they should or should not be eating. It was of particular concern when news broke of a primary school in neighbouring Lancashire implementing a ban on any meat product from being served in the canteen and packed lunches. This was done without any meaningful consultation with parents or guardians and was understandably met with fury. The Countryside Alliance wrote to Education Secretary, Nadhim Zahawi, to ask for his intervention on the matter and were pleased when he responded saying: 'It is for families to decide whether meat is part of their child’s diet – not schools'. He made it clear that if parents are not happy with the food provided by the school, they can take it up with the school and consider using the school’s complaints policy. If after this there are still concerns, the matter can be raised with the Department for Education directly.   It should go without saying that the decision of whether to eat meat is exclusively a personal one. It is a matter of choice and should not be the decision of councillors or headteachers who may have different dietary preferences. Councils and schools should be providing a choice and not discriminating against any group of people. Particularly so when the reasoning behind prohibiting meat in the name of environmental concerns masks an alternative agenda. Lord Deben, the chairman of the Climate Change Committee, said pro-vegan activists were wrong to argue that eating meat was not environmentally friendly and were “muddying” the debate by calling for plant-based diets. “They do it because they have other views about animals, but they have to accept that it is not about climate change,” he said. UK farmers have an important story to tell when it comes to promoting the sustainability of their produce, including livestock farmers. Through careful land management and low-intensity farming methods, red meat can be produced, and eaten, in an environmentally friendly and sustainable way. British beef and lamb is among the most efficient and sustainable in the world due to our extensive, grass-based system. According to the NFU, around 65% of farmland in the UK is best suited to growing grass rather than other crops. If we did not graze livestock on it, we could not use it to produce food. Rather than implementing sweeping bans on the dietary preferences of the vast bulk of the UK population- which from what I can see is done simply to grandstand and not for genuine concern for the environment-public institutions should instead engage with their farming communities and pledge to supply locally produced goods. Doing so will demonstrate support for the custodians of our countryside and help support sustainable farming for the long term. 