Express.co.uk spoke to Sheryl Rinkol, author of Titanic Today and presenter of Titanically Speaking to find out how Titanic would compare to a modern day ship. Sheryl is also a member of the Belfast Titanic Society and is an avid cruiser. She told Express.co.uk: “While Titanic was the largest man-made object afloat in 1912, it could easily fit inside today’s mega cruise ships.” Titanic measured 269m in length while the world’s largest cruise ship, Royal Caribbean's Wonder of the Seas, measures a whopping 362m. London’s Shard is 310m so is easily dwarfed by Wonder of the Seas although Titanic was smaller. Titanic had three classes onboard, first, second and third. Sheryl told Express.co.uk what passengers in each class could expect. READ MORE: Cruise guests exposes weirdest holiday experience She said: “In modern times, passengers expect their cabin to have its own toilet. “Titanic’s third class had only two bathrooms for approximately 709 third class passengers to share. One was for women and one was for men. “Wash basins were provided for third class passengers, many of whom washed both their feet and hair in what is equivalent to today’s sinks.” Cabins come in a variety of options today with the most wallet friendly option normally an interior room where passengers won’t be able to see outside. Sheryl added: “First class passengers on Titanic could optimise their luxury and book a parlour suite paying over $100,000 (£74,726) in today’s equivalent currency. “That is way more expensive than today’s cruise ship private-section balcony staterooms.” While modern cruise lines have many incredible luxury suite options, passengers aren’t likely to be charged as much as Titanic’s first class guests. Some luxury suites on modern cruise ships even include slides for children, grand pianos and works of art by famous artists. When it comes to food Sheryl said: “Both Titanic and modern cruise ships feature a la carte options and up charges for both dining options and experiences.” Passengers on Titanic and today’s cruise ships could choose to pay more for exclusive dining experiences. Sheryl added: “Amenities on Titanic include a Turkish bath, pool and gymnasium, all of which included an up-charge and were only accessible to the upper classes.” Nearly all modern cruise ships have a swimming pool and gym open to all guests, but passengers in the most expensive rooms may have more access to spas or even private pool areas. Sheryl told Express.co.uk: “Modern cruisers expect such amenities included in their cruise fare. "Today some passengers also enjoy the addition of a casino, complete with slot machines and table games. “Titanic’s passengers enjoyed card games, but not in a formalised casino.” For many modern cruise guests, a trip to the ship’s casino is a highlight of their holiday and it is often very well equipped.