Arsenal can get their top four hopes back on track when they face Aston Villa at Villa Park this lunchtime. Mikel Arteta has named an unchanged line-up for the past four Premier League matches but the midweek loss to Liverpool could see him make a couple of changes. Express Sport picks the XI Arteta is expected to field at 12.30pm today. Arteta said Aaron Ramsdale was "gutted" after the defeat to Liverpool. The goalkeeper was at fault for Diogo Jota's opening goal at the Emirates. Ramsdale has been one of Arsenal's players of the season and will need to bounce back from that error quickly. Bernd Leno was seen warming up in the second half of the match on Wednesday but Ramsdale saw out the rest of the match to ease any fitness concerns. READ MORE: Calvert-Lewin sends message to Mikel Arteta as Arsenal hunt summer transfer  Cedric Soares was arguably partly at fault for both of Liverpool's goals. The Portugal star has been good in recent weeks but perhaps was shown up against top opposition. He will keep his place if Takehiro Tomiyasu is not fit to return. Arteta says there is a chance Tomiyasu could feature at Villa Park and he could be thrown straight back in if that is the case. Ben White this week earned a recall to the England squad following his successful first campaign at Arsenal. Gabriel and Kieran Tierney will take up the two spots on the left-hand side of defence. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'very hot' on signing £63m-rated star who is Ralf Rangnick favourite [RUMOUR]Klopp's 'proud' message to Rashford as Liverpool 'eye' move for Man Utd star [GOSSIP]Ian Wright in foul-mouthed Marcus Rashford rant after Man Utd star's statement [SOCIAL]  Arteta is unlikely to want to split up the midfield that has been so successful of late. Thomas Partey has put a string of good performances together in a deep-lying position. Granit Xhaka has a big engine and Arteta is not concerned about playing him multiple times in a week. Martin Odegaard came off in the second half against Liverpool so that short breather could help his chances of starting again in this one.  Gabriel Martinelli's omission is no slight on the Brazilian's part. He ran Trent Alexander-Arnold ragged and didn't stop until the final whistle. Arteta will be wary of overplaying the 20-year-old and could give him a breather from the start. Emile Smith Rowe is the likeliest to come in for Martinelli if he is left out. Bukayo Saka perhaps wasn't at his best against Liverpool but will start if available. Alexandre Lacazette should continue up top unless Arteta feels bold and wants to give Eddie Nketiah a chance. Expected Arsenal XI vs Aston Villa in full: Ramsdale; Tomiyasu, White, Gabriel, Tierney; Odegaard, Partey, Xhaka; Saka, Lacazette, Smith Rowe. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 