The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were in Jamaica yesterday, March 23, for the fifth day of their royal tour of the Caribbean. Yesterday was the couple’s second day in the country, during which they met with the Prime Minister, Andrew Holness. Kate Middleton wore an elegant white suit during the day, paired with an orange blouse and matching orange bag. The chic blazer and trouser suit was by British iconic brand Alexander McQueen, while the blouse was the Ridley London ‘Alicia’ top, which currently retails for £249. Meanwhile, the bag was a vintage piece by designer Willow Hilson. But it was Kate’s second look of the day that stood out the most. READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' For a dinner hosted by the Governor General of Jamaica, Patrick Allen, at King’s House in Kingston, Kate wore an emerald-green floor-length gown. The dress had a tulle, ruffled neckline which showed off the Duchess’ bare shoulders and neck. The bodice was tight and cinched in at the waist, while the skirt flowed in subtle pleats to her feet. Both the bodice and the top of the skirt were dotted with glitter. DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton's nanny never uses one word around George and Charlotte [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton stuns in white £2,000 Alexander McQueen suit in Jamaica [PICTURES]Royal tour schedule: What awaits Kate and William in Jamaica [EXPLAINER] This gown was a bespoke Jenny Packham piece. A British fashion designer, Jenny Packham is a favourite amongst the royals and Kate owns many garments by her. The Duchess even wore a Jenny Packham suit on arrival in Belize earlier this week. It was a royal blue lace suit, featuring a peplum top with a V-neck collar and a pencil skirt. As for jewellery, Kate wore pieces lent by the Queen last night. Her earrings were long and dangling, set in gold and covered by diamonds and emeralds. These, as well as a matching bracelet, came from the Queen’s Emerald Parure. She also wore two brooches, pinned to the bodice of her gown. These were the Royal Family Order of Queen Elizabeth II badge and the GVCO Star. The Duchess did not wear a star and her hair was slicked back in a chic updo with a middle pattern. Kate’s make-up was natural-looking but her eyebrows were prominent and she wore lashings of black mascara and a slick of lipgloss on her lips. Meanwhile, Prince William wore a black suit and bow tie with a white shirt. Many royal fans took to social media last night to express their opinions on Kate’s look. Twitter user @pazampofo wrote: “Kate looks absolutely stunning. Love the dress and glam.” Jeini Kathleen wrote: “Oh my! Stunning Duchess! A future Queen is here everybody!” User @LibertyRains commented: “So classy…and the dress is divine.”