Addressing the Senate on Tuesday night Senator Fierravanti-Wells used parliamentary privilege to call Mr Morrison an “autocrat and a bully” who “backstabbed his enemies and lacked “a moral compass”. Ms Fierravanti-Wells also attacked his “consigliore” Immigration Minister Alex Hawke.  She said: “In my public life I have met ruthless people. Morrison tops the list, followed closely by Hawke. “Morrison is not fit to be Prime Minister and Hawke certainly is not fit to be a Minister. “He is adept at running with the foxes and hunting with the hounds, lacking the moral compass and having no conscience.” Earlier on Wednesday, Mr Morrison was forced to respond to Senator Fierravanti-Wells’ claims.   During a media blitz to sell the budget, the Prime Minister accused the Liberal Senator of being a sore loser. He said: “There are many disappointments in political life and you know, when you’re Prime Minister, people hold you responsible for many, many things “There were 500 members who came together. I wasn’t there.” Reacting to the statements of Ms Wells, Grace Tame took another dig at Mr Morrison. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin deploys 1,000 strong assassination squad  Sharing the video of Senator Fierravanti-Wells’ speech, journalist Quentin Dempster asked on Twitter: “Why weren’t we (the Australian people) told this earlier about the character of our Prime Minister? “Under parliamentary privilege outgoing Liberal Senator Concetta Fierravanti-Wells goes on the public record about Scott Morrison.” In response, Ms Tame tweeted: “Hi hello, it’s me,” before adding on Wednesday morning: “Told you so”. It comes just days after the 27-year-old took a swipe at the Prime Minister after his mentor Brian Houston resigned from Hillsong Church over inappropriate behaviour towards two women. DON'T MISS:Russia ‘repositioning’ rather than ‘withdrawing’ troops, says US Hospital issues ‘black alert’ Kate and William ‘can’t wait’ to return to The Bahamas with their kids Ms Tame shared an image of Mr Morrison and Houston at the 2019 Hillsong Conference, and photoshopped herself into the photo, using the now infamous image of her tense meeting with the Prime Minister at Parliament House in February. She captioned it: “He said we were going to see Hilltop Hoods.” 