Oti Mabuse has jokingly removed Jamie Laing from her "friendship list" after the former Made In Chelsea star previously stood her up and took aim at her dance partner Ugo Monye today. It comes after the South-African born dancer announced she would be stepping down from her role on Strictly Come Dancing after seven years on the BBC programme. Taking to Instagram today, the 31-year-old reacted to a video shared online by former Strictly contestant Jamie, 33. The reality star competed in the BBC series in 2020 after he was forced to pull out of Strictly Come Dancing in the previous year following a foot injury. He appeared in the pre-recorded launch episode but did not go any further in the competition back in 2019. Jamie cheekily took aim at Oti's dance partner and rugby star Ugo who took part in Strictly last year. READ MORE: Susanna Reid reacts to Ranvir Singh's replacement on GMB The Made In Chelsea star wrote: "5.30am pick up to fly to Glasgow to do a show with @ugomonye - the guy who pushed @otimabuse into retirement." Catching wind of his cheeky post, Oti reacted as she hit back at Jamie's claims. Taking to her Instagram stories, the professional dancer jokingly scolded Jamie as she called out the TV personality and claimed he "faked" his foot injury. In view of her 644,000 followers, Oti shared Jamie's post but added her own message.  She wrote: "Says the guy who stood me and Karen [Hauer] up for three years for some sushi and faked an injury to get out of Strictly because he needed more time. #leaveUgoalone." Her comments come after her Strictly co-star Amy Dowden shared a video of Jamie, Ugo and Kai Widdrington sat in the dressing room of a studio together, earlier today, Amy said: "I'm interrupting Jamie Laing's terrible stories. Say hello, former Strictly finalist. "We have another finalist,", she said, as the professional dancer panned the camera over to Kai. DON'T MISS... Josephine Jobert shares 'embarrassing' moment with Ralf Little[LATEST]Demi Rose flaunts jaw-dropping curves in skimpy bikini on the beach[PICTURES]Jedward in tears branding Vladimir Putin a 'crazy mofo'[POLITICS] Amy then said: "And how do you want to describe Ugo?" Jamie said that the former rugby star is another dancer before he joked that Ugo is a "horrible, horrible man". The reality star then stood up and faced the camera, where he cheekily blamed him for Oti quitting the series. Jamie said: "He [Ugo] retired her." Seeing the clip, Oti shared her dismay as she jokingly claimed her friendship with Jamie was done. She shared the clip and wrote: "@jamielaing at this point you're off the friendship list." Oti announced her departure from the Strictly dancefloor last month. She described the past seven years on the BBC show as an "incredible time" she would "never forget". 