Lucy Alexander, 51, has sparked concerns among Homes Under The Hammer fans as she gave an update on her trip to Spain. The presenter took to Instagram to show her 54,000 followers the “freak weather conditions” created by a storm from the Sahara Desert. Lucy took a video of herself showing the strong wind and orange-tinted sky after Spanish officials instructed the public to wear face masks while outside and to stay indoors where possible. She explained in the caption: “Away filming in Spain… Worst freak weather conditions. “No sun… just wind, rain and sand storms.” (sic) Lucy recorded herself on a balcony while her hair was blowing in the strong wind, which could be heard in the clip. “The weather’s been terrible. Look!” Lucy said as she panned to a view over the town. In a later update, the TV star could be seen already outside as she prepared to film with her colleagues. Lucy said: “If I didn’t have no hair, you wouldn’t know how windy it was. It’s a giveaway really, isn’t it?” She continued: “So we are really having freak weather conditions here.” The video was captioned: “The glamour of TV. The storms have come over from the Sahara.” The strange weather is known as a “calima” in Spanish and was branded as “historic” by Jesús Riesco, the director of the Aemet Met Office in Malaga. He said: “The calima we are experiencing today is historic. “It is very unusual to see such a high concentration of dust in suspension and I can’t remember it ever being this intense before.” DON'T MISS...'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid reacts to Ranvir Singh's replacement on GMB [UPDATE]Mark Labbett says The Chase USA dropped him for 'no reason' [LATEST] Ahead of her trip to Spain, Lucy announced she was pleased to be travelling for work again following the coronavirus pandemic. She took a video of herself walking through the airport luggage in hand before setting off for Spain. Lucy captioned the post: “Off and away for a weeks filming … warm weather incoming. “Onboard my flight I’m sat amounst a Hen party…. lol it’s al kicking off but don’t care I’m so happy to be working, flying, and travelling again!” (sic) Lucy was soon inundated with messages from friends and fans wishing her a nice trip. Presenter Ruth Langsford commented: “Mine should have said HAIR looking gorgeous!! Have a great time little Miss Sunshine!” Dancing_leopard added: “Ahh how exciting Lucy! Hope you have an amazing time.” Stephenhomewood said: “Safe travels beautiful Lucy.”