There's nothing better on a Sunday morning than a cup of tea, a tasty breakfast and a quick game of Wordle. However, despite the relaxing nature of a daily Wordle puzzle, the pressure of losing that hard-earned winning streak is enough to give long-time fans nightmares. Ever since The New York Times purchased the exclusive rights to Wordle, maintaining that winning streak is becoming increasingly challenging. Fortunately, if you're struggling to solve today's Wordle puzzle for March 6, then Express Online has put together a few hints to help with Wordle 260. Good luck! First up let's go over the rules. You probably already know, but here's a refresher just in case. In Wordle, players are given six chances to guess a different five-letter word each day. You'll need to use the process of elimination to uncover the correct answer. For each guess, the letter tiles will show up in one of three colours. If the letter tile turns grey, the letter does not appear in the word you are guessing. If the tile turns yellow, the letter you guessed is in the word, just not in the correct position. If the tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the right place. The app keeps track of your statistics, showing the number of correct answers you've managed, and your winning streak. If you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the next day for a new Wordle to be released. Read on for some general Wordle tips, followed by three specific clues for Wordle 260... Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'CRANE' is a good word to start with, while 'GHOUL' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 260 clues... 1. Wordle 260 isn't the trickiest teaser to date, even if it does contain only one vowel. 2. If you've been using the general tips further up the page, you'll be pleased to find out that Wordle 260 starts with the letter 'C'. 3. The man in the picture with the clue symbol above is your final hint to solving Wordle 260 for March 6.