Hollywood actress Katheryn Winnick is no stranger to the spotlight and on Tuesday's Good Morning Britain, she used her platform to speak about her links to Ukraine proudly. The star has met President Volodymyr Zelensky and told hosts Susanna Reid and Adil Ray why he would not leave his capital of Kyiv as he defends the country from Vladimir Putin's attack on Ukraine. Although born in Toronto, Canada, Kathryn comes from a Ukrainian family and belongs to a strong Ukrainian community. Opening up on the tragedy the country has befallen, she revealed how proud she was of their president: "I think if anybody who follows him in the media can see, he speaks for himself, he is a true hero. "He lives by his word. He is there on the street fighting with his people. He won't leave his capital or his nation. "He will be alongside and fighting for our land and his land, and rightfully so." Read More: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plan to destroy the Dingles exposed?  The Vikings actress and her family had made sure that despite growing up in Canada, they still practised their eastern European values speaking "Ukrainian growing up" and attending "Ukrainian school every Saturday". She was also a member of her homeland scouts in Toronto and recently visited Kyiv for the first time to celebrate their 30 years of independence. Katheryn told the hosts: "It's unbelievable what's happening. "I'm lost for words, really, that we are in this position today in 2022." As Adil asked what her friends and family thought about the conflict, the actress replied: "I will tell you this, the Ukrainian pride is so strong! "We are fiercely proud of being Ukrainian; we are fiercely proud of our culture, our traditions, our language, our history." Visibly upset, The Dark Tower star continued: "We have been in battle for our independence for years and years, and we will fight to the death to protect our land and our home, and our children and our women and our men and our nation. " DON’T MISS…Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv Flaherty? [SPOILERS]'Get out!' Simon Rimmer and Tim Lovejoy walk off Sunday Brunch as guest scolds hosts [LATEST]'I love you son' EastEnders' Lorraine Stanley pays tribute to co-star ahead of exit [LATEST]  The 44-year-old has been using her social media to show her support for the country with her 5.6 million followers. Just hours ago, she posted a photo with President Zelensky and his wife, which she captioned: "Standing by President Zelensky and the First Lady. Standing with Ukraine. Слава Україні!" This is just one of the many images and prominent posts she has shared over the last few weeks. In another she shared an image of the Ukrainian flag along with the words: "I Stand With Ukraine."   Sharing a reel of images from protests against the conflict, Katheryn also penned: “People around the world are protesting to stop this unprovoked, unjustified war. “We are an independent, loving country and deserve to live in peace. Together We Will Win. “Together We Can Stop Russian Aggression. Together We Will Prevail.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 