Holly Willoughby and former MP Gyles Brandreth discussed the aftermath of Will Smith's violent outburst at the 94th Academy Awards ceremony on Tuesday's instalment of This Morning. The Oscar-winning actor stormed on stage to swipe host Chris Rock around the face after the American comic joked about Jada Pinkett-Smith's shaven head. Following the shocking incident, Will issued an apology to Chris, but Holly stated the quip was Chris' "style of comedy". Holly began: "There is obviously an apology here because he apologised to the Academy on the night and his fellow nominees but he didn't apologise to Chris Rock."Do you think he's woken up and in the cold light of day gone, 'Oh god that was awful'?"Gyles interjected to tell Holly he believed both Will and Chris had both "woken up" and thought about their actions.Holly then stated to Gyles about the controversial joke the comedian made during the awards ceremony: "It is [Chris'] style of comedy." READ MORE: New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air Gyles replied: "It is his style of comedy, but perhaps it was an inappropriate jibe." However, Holly chimed in: "What he an inappropriate host then? I mean if you're having to tailor what you do..." "You're an appropriate host if you run the gags you were going to do through the Academy," Phillip added. Chris presented at the Academy Awards ceremony in Los Angeles when the unprecedented moment happened in front of a live audience.   Chris said in an apparent reference to Jada's shaved head: "Jada, can't wait for GI Jane 2." Jada has been dealing with alopecia since 2018 and the comment affected Will so much that he stormed on stage and whacked the comedian. After the actor slapped Chris, the stunned comic remarked: “Will Smith just smacked the s**t of me." Will's fury continued when he returned to his seat and started shouting at the host: "Take my wife’s name out of your f*****g mouth."  DON'T MISS...‘Hypocritical!' Camilla Tominey slams Oscars for applauding Will Smith [LATEST]Ricky Gervais makes dig at £100,000 Oscar gift bags degrading 'poor pe [INSIGHT]Will Smith ‘should have Oscar withdrawn’ for Chris Rock slap [OPINION] The audience fell into silence following the alternation which also shocked viewers across the globe who were watching the ceremony at home. Following the attack, Will received the Best Actor gong for his role in King Richard where he portrayed Serena and Venus William's father Richard. During his acceptance speech, he said: "I know to do what we do you’ve got to be able to take abuse and have people talk crazy about you and have people disrespecting you, and you’ve got to smile and pretend it’s OK." While the actor apologised to the guests and the Academy during his tearful speech, he failed to say sorry to Chris.   However, the actor took to Instagram on Monday afternoon to issue an apology to the comedian and called his own behaviour "unacceptable and inexcusable." 