One area many people are keen to lose weight from is around their middle - more commonly known as belly fat. While it is necessary to have some fat to protect our organs, having too much can present health complications. One doctor has shared three ways to reduce the amount of visceral fat on your body. Dr Siyamek Saleh, from South Africa, is a “medical doctor with a passion to educate and raise awareness on various medical conditions”. He took to his TikTok account which has 2.3 million followers, to share his advice for busting belly fat. The first tip he mentioned was to manage your stress levels. Being stressed, or experiencing feelings of stress can lead to people eating more. READ MORE: Rebel Wilson weight loss: Exercise which saw star shed 5.5st A study found that more than a third of people who are overweight say stress is the number one reason they have piled on the pounds. Data from Lloyds Pharmacy revealed 59 percent of people reach for food when stressed. Several things can be done to lower stress levels, such as going for a walk, meditating, listening to music or taking time out to do something you enjoy. Alternatively, try drinking a large glass of water and if you still feel hungry after, reach for a healthy mindful snack. DON'T MISS...Asda, Sainsbury’s and Aldi remove Russian products from shelves [NEWS]Meghan & Sophie ‘unhappy in each other’s company' - expert suggests [VIDEO]Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower ‘regularly’ [EXPERT] The second tip he suggested was to be in a calorie deficit. He said: “Crunches and sit ups don't help you lose belly fat! You need to be in a calorie deficit!" A calorie deficit is when you consume fewer calories than your body burns. Over time, this can lead to weight loss. Past research has shown that there are roughly 3,500 calories in one pound of body fat. If someone reduces their calorie intake by 500 calories a day, then they could expect to see a weight loss result of one pound a week. The third tip Dr Siyamek had was to make sure you get quality sleep. Short sleep - usually defined as fewer than six to seven hours - has been repeatedly linked to a higher body mass index (BMI) and weight gain. As a result, those who are sleep deprived have an increased appetite and higher daily calorie intake. Another study showed that sleep deprivation led to significant increases in hunger, food cravings, portion sizes, and chocolate and fat intakes. To add to this, those who are tired, usually reach for sugary food for energy boosts.