Paul Merson 'would be surprised' if Declan Rice is still at West Ham United next season and has touted Manchester United as an enticing destination despite links to Chelsea. United are known suitors and could have an open goal for his services amid Chelsea's uncertain ownership situation. Roman Abramovich's messy exit following UK and EU sanctions has left the Blues' summer transfer plans up in the air with just two months left of the season. And they are thought to have been United's main contenders for Rice's signature under both Frank Lampard and Thomas Tuchel. Abramovich was known to freely spend on his playing staff, leading to his impressive trophy collection from his two decades as Chelsea owner. But now the Russian oligarch has left the building, Chelsea could be out of the running for such a big deal Rice would demand. And Merson has backed Rice to join United in his latest Daily Star column but believes no Champions League football could be a deal-breaker. He wrote: "Declan Rice should strike while the iron's hot and leave West Ham this summer. He's taken his game to another level this season and is playing N'Golo Kante now, affecting things at both ends of the pitch. JUST IN: Man Utd quoted £67m for striker 'target' as Newcastle remain in hunt "I'd be surprised if Declan Rice is playing for West Ham next season. They have completely punched above their weight for months. Where could he go? It depends on what happens at Chelsea and who buys the club. "Manchester United would be a good move, but will they get in the Champions League? That's where Rice wants to play. They [West Ham] play Tottenham this weekend, and playing Spurs should always be a big game for West Ham, but the Europa League game against Sevilla was a bigger one. READ MORE: Man Utd 'very hot' on £63m-rated star who is Rangnick favourite "West Ham have gone past Spurs, and to be honest, I don't know how Tottenham have allowed that to happen. You just hope West Ham don't miss out on the Champions League by a point or two because they will be kicking themselves. They will be wondering why they didn't go out and get another striker in January." United are expected to prioritise signing a defensive midfielder this summer, and Rice could be at the top of the club's shortlist. But it will primarily depend on the new manager's preferences, and as Merson suggests, a lack of Champions League football could also be a significant stumbling block. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.