Queen Letizia and King Felipe VI hosted a reception and lunch to meet the president of Costa Rica Carlos Alvarado Quesada at the Royal Palace in Madrid. For the occasion, Queen Letizia opted for her favourite colour and wore a very chic red dress. The beautiful monarch chose a midi gown with puffed sleeves and a pleated skirt. However, it is not the first time she wears this outfit as Queen Letizia also chose the stylish look to deliver the National Fashion Industry Awards back in 2019. The gown was worn over 40 years ago by Queen Sofia of Spain, Queen Letizia's mother-in-law, who donned the piece in the 80s during an official trip to Hungary. READ MORE: Princess Anne 'very hands-on' with Zara - now royal copies her  Queen Letizia opted for red suede pumps by Magrit to combine the vintage gown. The mother of two accessorised the look with a pair of ruby and diamond earrings by Spanish designer Aldao and a Carolina Herrera handbag. She was also seen wearing her favourite gold ring by Hallam Jewels. Royal fans took to social media to comment on the monarch's look and many agreed Queen Sofia was more stylish back in the 80s as she chose some beautiful pieces of jewellery to accessorise the dress and in particular, a brooch.  Fan account @letizia_de_princesa_a_reina said: "Spectacular in red!" Another user, @raquel.a.porcel commented: "I love it, she looks good in red and it's nice to use Queen Sofia's dress. "Perhaps she's missing a brooch." "The colour is beautiful but the design looks a bit outdated. "Love the earrings, but I agree she needs a brooch," said @anacarmengar. Another royal watcher, @koquito2, commented: "She always looks beautiful." While @anafuentes777 disagreed: "I prefer Queen Sofia's" to which @acionescu replied: "Because she wore jewellery!" This is not the first time Queen Letizia borrows her mother-in-law's dress. Last month, she donned a Valentino dress which was previously worn by Queen Sofia in 1977. The vintage gown featured a semi-transparent long sleeve white blouse embroidered with pink flowers, a light pink waistband and a long emerald green skirt. Queen Sofia wore the dress during her state visit to Germany over 40 years ago. Instagram user @alex.bruck commented: "She paid tribute to Sofia even this is not really her style and I appreciate it."