Andy Murray struck coach Ivan Lendl in the chest during a doubles exhibition match at Queen’s Club in 2013. The pair were on opposite sides as the two-time Wimbledon champion partnered comparatriot Tim Henman to face the eight-time grand slam champion and Tomas Berdych. The British team were winning the first set 4-2, but during the seventh game, the 34-year-old purposefully hit his mentor which sparked wild celebrations. Lendl served and proceeded to approach the net, and Murray hit a backhand return. The 61-year-old responded with a forehand volley and the Brit couldn’t resist and launched a forehand in the direction of Lendl, which smacked him straight in the chest. Murray yelped with joy, jumped up and down and lifted his hands aloft in delight, while Lendl smiled as he walked back to the baseline. The crowd lapped it up and former tennis player Ross Hutchins also saw the funny side as he raised his fist in the air with a smile on his face. JUST IN: Andy Murray appoints familiar face as new coach with focus switched to Wimbledon Afterwards in his BBC Sport column, Murray said: "If I'm playing well enough to hit Ivan Lendl with a forehand for the first time ever, I reckon I'm in pretty good shape for Wimbledon. "I hit it so cleanly - it was the best shot I played all week - and I already know that Ivan will try to get me back when we practise together this week." Murray was in excellent shape for Wimbledon and he would go on to win the first of his two titles at the All-England Club. His straight-sets win over Novak Djokovic in the final meant the tennis star became the first British man to win Wimbledon since Fred Perry in 1936. DON'T MISS   Lendl was instrumental in Murray’s success, and he would win another title at SW19 in 2016, along with a US Open crown in 2012, two Olympic gold medals, the ATP Finals title and the year-end world number one ranking. Murray hopes he will be able to rekindle the magic he had with Lendl, as the pair will now work together once again. The surprising news broke on Friday and amid uncertainty regarding the former world number one’s new permanent coach, he has opted for a familiar face. A statement from Murray’s 77 Sports Management company said: “Andy Murray and Ivan Lendl have agreed to begin working together again over the next few months. “They will spend several weeks together in the US after the Miami tournament on an extended training block, where Andy and the team will get ready for the grass season. “Andy will also look to appoint an additional coach, who will travel with him and work closely with Ivan.” After first appointing Lendl on December 31 2011, the pair split in March 2014 but got back together in June 2016, before Murray won his second Wimbledon and Olympic title and reached world No.1. The pair split for a second time in November 2017 as the Scot struggled with a hip problem which saw him undergo two operations.