DIY SOS host Nick Knowles, 59, has launched a series of tweets directed at Formula One driver Max Verstappen as well as the FIA and Sky Sports’ F1 pundits. Nick responded to the news that Max finished the final day of pre-season testing with the fastest time on Sunday. A tweet from Formula One’s official account started the presenter off. It read: “Living up to his car number, @Max33Verstappen ends #F1Testing the way he ended 2022 - on top!” Nick then fumed: “He didn’t finish the same way as last season. "As far as I can see he wasn’t helped by @Fia officials or singled out to be given a clear advantage over his competitors. @SkySportsF1 pundits will help you sell it but you’re going to have to intervene more to assure him a World Drivers Championship this year.” (sic) READ MORE:Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update The BBC presenter’s tweet garnered a mixed response from users, but one in particular got his back up. A user named Katie told him to: “Let it go,” alongside a GIF of a broken record. Nick swiftly retaliated: “I’m surprised anyone who cares about F1 will let it go. “Obviously Max and Red Bull fans want to move on to legitimise WDC, so do @Fia to avoid scrutiny of how bent the sport is and @SkySportsF1 pundits are the main cheerleaders, apart from Johnny Herbert, because they need the contract. Fans care.” Another F1 fan named Glen hit back: “Replacing all with Johnny Herbert would certainly make the Lewis Hamilton fans happy. After all, who doesn’t want to listen to a Lewis cheerleader every race.” And Nick replied: “You mean someone who simply won’t take the @Fia dollar to cheerlead for Red Bull and Max? “Someone who will actually call out cheating, someone even handed on the @SkySportsF1 pundit team - God forbid.” Nick previously shared his disdain following Max’s controversial championship win back in December. DON'T MISSLoose Women's Frankie Bridge undergoes surgery after discovery in ear[LATEST]Julia Bradbury details 'disturbing' realisations amid cancer battle[INSIGHT]Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert[NEWS] He tweeted at the time: “What's extraordinary is @Fia suggesting that the ongoing row over the result is tarnishing the sport. "What's tarnished it is the farcical last lap that only the most rabid Red Bull or Max fan could think was fair. Only a court case outside the sport could restore the confidence." In a separate tweet a few days after Max's win, Nick went as far as to say he was “done with F1” after being a fan for 50 years. He raged: “It’s no longer a verifiable sport. It's not who won - it's how it was won. “I don't think three days to be upset about something you have loved for 50 years ending is too long. “I've travelled the world and given up hundreds of weekends to follow F1. From Peterson to Senna to Hamilton and Verstappen. Now, it is no longer something I can enjoy." A user named BSJ2009 then criticised Nick, Lewis Hamilton and Toto Wolf for being “sore losers” and “showing a poor example to young racers”. To which Nick rebuked: “Tough to set an example in a cesspit."