From April, Ofgem has confirmed an estimated 22 million Britons will be slapped with higher energy bills in the midst of a cost of living crisis. Although spring is on the way, many households might still have their heating on full blast to warm up the chilly evenings. According to experts from PlumbNation, however, there is a key date when Britons should consider switching their heating off. Heating expert Jordan Chance, who works for PlumbNation, warned Britons the time to turn off the heat could be as early as next week. He said: “With the cost of living rising across the country, including higher energy price caps, many Brits will be feeling the financial squeeze. “Although there is no single temperature at which you should turn your heating off, many aim for the time when clocks go forward, which this year falls on March 27.” READ MORE: Lawn care: The ‘spiking’ trick to remove all signs of moss By the end of March, the UK can experience average highs of 12 degrees. Average lows, particularly in the south of the country, sit at around eight degrees. However, it isn't necessarily the temperature outside that will dictate when your home is warm enough to have the radiators turned off. Mr Chance said: "While many may be waiting for the temperature to change, there’s no specific temperature at which you should be turning off your heating, as it will depend on how well insulated your home is. "Well-insulated homes will retain their heat even when temperatures are low into the early spring, but every home will be different." DON'T MISSGrass care: Key jobs to do this month to 'revive' your lawn [INTERVIEW]Alan Titchmarsh shares ‘brilliant’ bag hack for growing potatoes [REVEALED]How to remove brown stains from a toilet - 4 ways to shift limescale [INSIGHT]   Even if you do need to keep your heating on throughout March and into April, there are ways to slash how much you are shelling out on your monthly bill. Mr Chance explained "It is also important to note that leaving your heating on low all day does not reduce your heating bills. "Having the heating on only as and when you need it is the best way to save energy. Using a thermostat with a timer offers a simple and speedy solution to controlling your heating effectively." If you are looking to save money, Mr Chance recommends upping the insulation in your home. Are you worried about rising energy bills? Join the conversation in the comments section below These range from investing in proper insulating throughout your home or servicing your existing measures. However, they can also be in the form of inexpensive home improvements, such as fabric draught excluders or using draught excluding tape around window frames. For DIY draught excluders, make sure you are finding the exact source of the draught, such as cracks under doors. Soft furnishings, for example, thick curtains or rugs, can help to keep the heat in. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Turning down the thermostat by one degree can also help to save up to 10 percent on your heating bill. And once the outdoor temperatures do begin to pick up, you might benefit simply from popping on an extra layer. Though it may sound simple, swapping shorts for jogging bottoms, or layering a jumper over a t-shirt can make the world of difference - and it's a move the PlumbNation experts highly recommend.