They say Vladimir Putin's military and security agencies are frantically pointing the finger at each other after failing to successfully take control of its democratic neighbour. Moscow launched an invasion of Ukraine on February 24 with the expectation of overthrowing the government in a matter of days. But more than a month after the conflict broke out, there is now evidence Russian forces are being forced to retreat and reassess their military aims. A Western official said: "There's obviously some signs of self-reflection in the military that they have not performed well. "There is equally quite a lot of self-reflection in the intelligence service that they misjudged catastrophically the Ukrainian national mood." The Kremlin had expected to be largely welcomed by Ukrainians when it entered the country, and it is understood they were taken back by the hostility they were met with. READ MORE ON OUR UKRAINE LIVE BLOG  Another Western official said the blame game had led to Russians turning on each other for their catastrophic failures. "That's happening between agencies and between levels," they said. "People are blaming other organisations or other levels of command and we've seen a number of commanders at a variety of levels being removed. "We've seen some being killed, and obviously needing to be replaced, but we've also seen some being removed. "The challenge for them is a force that was supposed to have been modernised over the past 10 years is proving itself not able to operate in the way in which they had exercised, planned and assumed that they could. "I think we're now back into this strategy of attrition and the learning of this will probably take some considerable time for them to adapt and change." DON'T MISS:Boris demands nothing less than full withdrawal of Putin's forces [UPDATE]Putin unleashes hypersonic missiles as Russia backed into corner [WARNING]'Icon of Russian power' £38m superyacht detained in London [LATEST]  Earlier today Russia said it would sharply scale back military activity around Ukraine's capital Kyiv and the northern city of Chernihiv. Meanwhile, Russian forces have maintained their offensive on Mariupol with continuous heavy shelling of the city. While Western leaders have warned against being too hopeful of a breakthrough, there is hope it is proof Moscow realises it is unable to secure its original strategic objectives. "This is not a ceasefire but this is our aspiration, gradually to reach a de-escalation of the conflict at least on these fronts," Vladimir Medinsky, head of the Russian team, said in an interview with the TASS news agency.   Medinsky said Russia had made a second major de-escalatory step by agreeing to a possible meeting of the two countries' presidents at the same moment that a peace agreement was initialled. "However, to prepare such an agreement on a mutually acceptable basis, we still have a long way to go," he said. Any movement of Russian forces from around Kyiv would constitute a "redeployment, not a withdrawal", a US official said. "We believe any movement of Russian forces from around Kyiv is a redeployment, not a withdrawal. And the world should be prepared for continued major offensives against other areas of Ukraine. "They are shifting gears. No one should mistake that for Russia ending the conflict."  