Selling Sunset season four has been one of the most explosive series yet on Netflix. While business has been booming at The Oppenheim Group, there has been disruption left, right and centre among the cast. So it's unsurprising that subscribers want all the details for the future of Selling Sunset as soon as possible. Selling Sunset returned for its fourth outing on Wednesday, October 24, on Netflix. This has been the longest yet, with the series being made up of 10 rather than eight episodes. When the reality series does make a comeback, season five is expected to be the same length. Thankfully, there is no need to be curious about whether or not there will be another season in the pipeline. READ MORE:Selling Sunset season 5 release very soon hints star Netflix gave the creators of Selling Sunset the go-ahead for both series four and five in March 2021. Subscribers had to wait quite a long time for the good news as series three premiered in August 2020, meaning everyone had to sit tight for eight months before finding out its future. On March 22 it was announced the fifth season would air exactly a month later, on April 22. Mary Fitzgerald posted a new poster on social media, saying: "Did someone say Season 5?! We’re back on April 22nd! "Mark your calendars and get ready for another amazing season of Selling Sunset on @netflix."  Jason and Brett Oppenheim are nowhere to be seen in the promotional image. Mary is pictured alongside Chrishell Stause, mother-of-one Christine Quinn and Emma Hernan. Amanza Smith and Davina Potratz will return along with Maya Vander and Heather Rae El Moussa. A new member of the team, Chelsea Lazkani, will be bringing plenty of drama.   Series four also welcomed Vanessa Villela into the mix so fans should be seeing more of her as well. One person fans may not see as much of is Brett Oppenheim who announced at the end of the fourth series that he would be leading the new branch in Orange County. Some members of the new team were introduced as well, acting almost as a backdoor pilot for the new spin-off. The streaming service has already confirmed that Selling Sunset would be getting its own spin-off, Selling the OC. There are rumours circulating that Christine Quinn could appear since she has fallen out with her current co-stars or Heather Rae Young who already lives in the area. A release date hasn't been revealed but it is believed Selling the OC will premiere next year. Selling Sunset seasons 1-4 are available to watch on Netflix.