Times of war are usually said to bring people closer to their political leaders. In the UK, Labour’s lead over the Conservative Party – which widened during what was dubbed the ‘Partygate’ scandal – has collapsed, prompting polling expert Matthew Goodwin to Tweet: “Johnson is having a good war”. It is, however, quite a different story in the US, where President Biden appears to be impressing fewer and fewer people with his administration. The latest NBC poll shows his approval rating has slipped to just 40 percent. The station described this as “his worst showing yet in our poll since he became President”. More than half of responders (55 percent) said they disapproved with Mr Biden’s job performance. Nile Gardiner, a foreign policy analyst and former aide to Margaret Thatcher, responded to the poll in a post on Twitter, joking: “The Biden Presidency is sinking faster than the Titanic.” The President’s performance regarding confidence among US voters in how he deals with the war was even worse. An incredibly 71 percent said they had “just some” or “very little” confidence in Mr Biden’s actions. Only 28 percent said they had a “great deal” or just “quite a bit” of confidence. Mr Biden’s recent announcements on America’s response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine has been shrouded by gaffes. READ MORE: Putin BANS Britons from Russia - residents of 'unfriendly countries' Asked earlier this month whether he was ready to call Vladimir Putin a “war criminal”, the President assuredly responded “no”. Moments later, he returned to the questioning reporter, and declared: “Oh, I think he is a war criminal.” More recently, the President told an audience in Poland (and, in effect, the whole world): “For God’s sake, this man [Putin] cannot remain in power.” DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Moments later, the White House was forced to clarify Biden was not referring to a “regime change” in Russia. It said: “The President’s point was that Putin cannot be allowed to exercise power over his neighbours or the region.” Commentators have since been asking whether Mr Biden’s gaffe could push the West into World War Three. NBC’s polling suggested Americans would also rather Mr Biden focussed more on matters at home, not abroad. Sixty-eight percent of respondents said the economy ought to be the President’s top priority. This compared with the just 29 percent who believed Mr Biden ought to be focusing on ending the Russia-Ukraine war. The President’s term will be coming to an end in 2024 when, if he chooses to stay on, he will be fighting for re-election.