Broadcaster and journalist Richard Littlejohn said it was “blindingly obvious” the Prime Minister was alluding to “a common aspiration” when he made the remarks. Mr Johnson had likened the motivation between Ukrainians’ current fight against invading Russian forces to the reason for the UK’s withdrawal from the EU in a speech on Saturday, March 19. The Prime Minister made the comparison at the Conservative Party's conference in Blackpool, Lancashire. He said: “I know that it's the instinct of the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom, every time. I can give you a couple of famous recent examples. “When the British people voted for Brexit in such large, large numbers, I don't believe it was because they were remotely hostile to foreigners. “It’s because they wanted to be free to do things differently and for this country to be able to run itself.” READ MORE: Bitter Brussels SNUBS Boris for key summit after 'insult' The analogy received criticism from political figures both in the UK and abroad. Donald Tusk, former President of the European Council, told Mr Johnson his word were offensive to “Ukrainians, the British and common sense”. Guy Verhofstadt, an MEP and former Prime Minister of Belgium, called the comparison “insane”. Rachel Reeves, the Labour shadow Chancellor, told the BBC the parallel was “shameless” and called for him to withdraw his comments. She and Lord Barwell, Theresa May’s former chief of staff, noted the “awkward fact” that Ukraine wanted to join the EU, and so Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky “clearly sees no such parallel”. Tobias Ellwood, Tory chair of the defence select committee, said: “Comparing the Ukrainian people's fight against Putin's tyranny to the British people voting for Brexit damages the standard of statecraft we were beginning to exhibit.” Writing in the Mail, Mr Littlejohn told readers to “never underestimate the ability of our political class to disappear up their own backsides". He described them as “a cohort of blinkered self-obsessives for whom Boris and Brexit-bashing is their default position”. DON'T MISS Country pub's warning after family leaves without paying £100 bill [REPORT] Putin rumbled as Pravda leaks REAL Russian death toll – 20 times more [REVEAL] Russian ambassador's chilling warning to NATO with hint at 'plans' [INSIGHT] Mr Littlejohn wrote that as bombs fell on Ukraine, “the Westminster village spent the weekend convulsed in a ludicrous fit of faux outrage over Boris and Brexit”. He continued: “It was blindingly obvious that Boris was talking about a common aspiration, not drawing parallels between a democratic peacetime referendum and armed resistance to an unprovoked foreign invasion.” Following the outcry, cabinet ministers were also quick to defend the Prime Minister’s remarks, saying they were a general sentiments about freedom. Health Secretary Sajid Javid told Sky News: “I don't think in any way he was connecting the situations in Ukraine and the UK.” He added: “I think it's spurious to say that he was connecting somehow the UK and Ukraine in that way. “I think most normal people listening to that wouldn't have drawn that conclusion.” Speaking to the BBC on Sunday, Chancellor Rishi Sunak said: “I don't think the Prime Minister was making a direct comparison between these two things – clearly they’re not directly analogous. “He was making some general observations about people’s desire for freedom.”