It's understood only 20% of the picturesque cottages that line streets in Staithes, North Yorkshire, are owned by locals and residents feel this makes the property ladder challenging for young people in the area. The fishing village, by the North Sea, is popular with tourists, who rent the cottages for their holidays. But one woman, who has lived in Staithes for 35 years, said the trade has "sapped the soul out" of the settlement. She added: "There's always been a holiday industry and it's kept people going but it tended to be people with cottages who would regularly come and stay so they would be part of the village. Now we've got remote owners who have no connections who just see it as a business opportunity. "It makes a difference when you have got a transient people coming through. Obviously people enjoy it but it's sapped the soul out of the village. "I think it's the same in most villages. Particularly after Covid, when people have made their escape from the cities and seen the benefit of being in places like this. "There's no way I could complain about living here because it's so beautiful and people are more than welcome to come but it does have an impact on how you live. The atmosphere has changed." Families in the area echoed the woman's concern, Yorkshire Live says.   Colin Harrison lives with wife Marina, their 17-year-old son Alex and dog Rory in the village. "I've seen it go in phases over the years when it's been very popular and then you can't fill a house for love nor money. At the moment it's in high demand," Colin said. "I think people have realised how important quality of life is to factor in when deciding where to live. Here I can work from home and take the dog out along the coast on my break. "To me there's not a community like there used to be. Growing up as a child everyone was related in some way and all the old ladies wore the Staithes bonnets and fishing was still a business. "There was a steel works as well so you had workers from there. That's certainly changed."  But Colin conceded he was a "hypocrite" as he himself owns two holiday cottages in Staithes, from which he said he was making a good amount of money. Parking has also been an issue in Staithes and locals say it worsened last summer due to large numbers of tourists. Marina said: "You get some people being cheeky and saying that they were told to come this way when there's about five signs on the way down saying you can't. "The last couple of years, so many people have been coming to stay that there aren't enough spaces." Mum-of-two Louise Cole, who used to work in the village's information centre but now runs a store where she sells gifts and items she crochets herself, said: "After the lockdown it just went ballistic and parking was a massive issue. "Some of them got quite abusive and were effing and blinding. I had tickets thrown at me. When people realise it's nothing to do with us they tend to calm down and apologise." 