 BBC soap fans will soon see Bernie Taylor (played by Clair Norris) return to EastEnders. The character has been away from Albert Square for the past five months while deciding whether or not to complete the surrogacy program she’s undertaking for Stuart (Ricky Champ) and Rainie Highway (Tanya Franks). However, while she’s been away, her close friend Tiffany Butcher-Baker (Maisie Smith) departed Walford. Soap star Clair recently opened up about her co-star’s exit from EastEnders.    Chatting about the BBC soap in a recent interview, Clair admitted she was gutted that Bernie and Tiffany never got to have an emotional goodbye scene. As her break from EastEnders collided with Maisie Smith’s exit from the show, their characters weren’t able to share an on-screen farewell. However, Maisie’s exit from the soap wasn’t the only one Clair missed as she was also absent for the final scenes of Zack Morris, who plays Keegan Butcher-Baker. The actress shared her disappointment and confessed it was a “shame” she wasn’t able to film a goodbye as part of their exit storylines. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Maria Connor removed from the cobbles    Clair commented: “It's so sad. Unfortunately, it just wasn't right for the characters to cross paths at that time. "It is a shame, but to be honest, I wouldn't have wanted to take away from the scenes with Maisie and Zack. “They built up such a big story there,” she added. However, Clair confessed: “It would have been nice to have a proper goodbye but maybe one day there will be a reunion.”   Clair also teased ahead to what the future holds for her character in EastEnders. She revealed: "With Keegan not on the scene now, you will see Bernie take on that role and be the big sister," the soap star went on to reveal. "She also wants to be a support network for Karen [Taylor] and Mitch [Baker] because they've both lost a child, and their other child is no longer around. “You'll definitely see that,” the EastEnders actress told Digital Spy. DON'T MISS...Tim Lovejoy teased by Sunday Brunch guests as segment goes awry [WATCH]Jo Whiley shuts down BBC reporter after Taylor Hawkins drug use probe [MUST SEE]Nicola Coughlan states Derry Girls delay caused ‘insane stress’ [INSIGHT]  Both Zach and Maisie decided to leave the long-running BBC soap to explore other opportunities in their careers. At the time of her departure, Maisie said in a statement: “It’s time to say farewell to Tiff! “I’ve grown up on EastEnders since 2008, and have learnt from the best over the past 13 years. “I’m very excited for my next challenge and thank the BBC for the opportunity they gave me as a six year old,” she concluded.    However, as neither Keegan or Tiffany were killed off, there’s a chance fans could see them again in the future. The couple each have family in Walford, so may one day make a surprise comeback to Albert Square. EastEnders continues Monday at 7:30pm on BBC One. 