Jurgen Klopp has admitted that he will be having a private conversation with Harvey Elliott to discuss the midfielder's celebrations after Liverpool's win over Chelsea in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday. Elliott was introduced as a second-half substitute at Wembley before scoring his spot-kick in the decisive penalty shoot-out to help Liverpool clinch their first domestic trophy in two years. He was not initially named in Liverpool's squad for the match but was drafted onto the bench when Thiago Alcantara picked up an injury during the warm-ups.The 18-year-old was spotted celebrating in front of the Reds faithful with a flare in his hand after the result had finally been decided.Elliott was promptly contacted by the FA, who have asked him to explain his post-match behaviour in the wake of the dramatic shoot-out.Liverpool boss Klopp has since insisted that although he does not feel too strongly about the incident, he will be speaking to Elliott in order to remind him of his responsibilities in the near future."I didn't speak to him yet," the German coach told reporters when quizzed on Elliott in Tuesday's press conference. JUST IN: Everton 'incandescent' on VAR injustice after third Kavanagh call "Will I? Yes, maybe, Harvey is a very young man on the pitch. And outside his is still a little bit more a boy, but that's not a problem."He made a mistake. Because of the role model [position] we have, I will tell him. I can promise he won't do it again."Do I think it was the worst thing that ever happened in the world of football? No [but] I understand 100 per cent why it is not OK."But in that moment [even] I got carried away. He will not do it again." Elliott recently returned from a serious ankle injury that was sustained back in September and is quickly becoming a hugely important member of Liverpool's squad.He has been tipped to play a significant role in helping the Reds to win as many trophies as possible between now and the end of the campaign in spite of Sunday's incident.There have been suggestions that Liverpool could be set to complete a remarkable quadruple this season after their latest Carabao Cup triumph.Although they are still fighting to win the FA Cup, Premier League and Champions League, Klopp is adamant that he is not thinking about the possibility of achieving such a feat with so much football left to play. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE "No team has ever won it," highlighted the Reds boss."It's not that we are even close to it. We have won the Carabao Cup, we are behind City in the league and now we have Norwich in the FA Cup [on Wednesday] after 120 minutes on Sunday."I don't see it as a compliment but it's better people think we can do good things rather than be useless."We face a lot of good teams between now and the end of May." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here