Benedict Cumberbatch, 45, has appealed for more humanitarian help and donations for Ukrainian war refugees. The actor also expressed hopes he will soon be able to offer accommodation to someone fleeing their country. He said the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine is “something that hangs over us”. But a new Government scheme, Homes For Ukraine, will allow more refugees to travel to the UK. Households who take part will be offered £350 a month when they nominate a named person or family to stay with them rent-free, or in another property, for at least six months. Speaking to Sky News on the red carpet of the BAFTAs on Sunday, Benedict, who was wearing a round badge with the colours of the Ukrainian flag, said there needs to be a “haven” for those trying to escape the devastating war. He said: “It is a really shocking time to be a European two and a half hours flight away from Ukraine, and it’s something that hangs over us. “We all need to do more than wear a badge. We need to donate, we need to pressure our politicians to continue to create some kind of a refugee safety and a haven here for people who are suffering. “Everyone needs to do as much as they can... there’s been a record number of people volunteering to take people into their homes. “I hope to be part of that myself,” the Sherlock star concluded. Benedict is the latest of a number of A-list celebrities who have offered their help to Ukrainian refugees. Actors Mila Kunis, 38, and Ashton Kutcher, 44, have pledged to match £2.3million in donations. Mila fled Soviet Ukraine in 1992 when she was seven years old, and moved to the United States. In a video posted to her Instagram page, Mila, who was born in Chernivtsi, condemned the “unjust attack”. DON'T MISS...Christian Horner blasted as 'unwatchable' amid F1 backlash [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan slams Alec Baldwin as he blames Halyna Hutchins for death [LATEST]'You'll be uncensored!' Gary Lineker makes savage dig at Piers Morgan [UPDATE] She said: “The events that have unfolded in Ukraine are devastating. “There is no place in this world for this kind of unjust attack on humanity. “I have always considered myself an American, a proud American.” The That 70’s Show star continued: “I love everything this country has done for myself and my family. “But today, I have never been more proud to be a Ukrainian.” Ashton added: “While we witness the bravery of the people in the country she was born in, we’re also witness to the needs of those who have chosen safety.” The pair said they would be matching donations made to rental company AirBnB and freight transporter Flexport. They had hoped to raise £22.5m to help those in need.