Mr Sunak today answered Treasury-related questions from MPs in Parliament, which included queries about the state pension. While discussing the issue of the triple lock freeze, the Chancellor reiterated pensions are at the “highest they’ve been in three decades”. Last year, Mr Sunak announced the Government would temporarily freeze the triple lock on state pensions, which is a pledge to raise pots by either the rate of inflation, average earnings or by 2.5 percent. Due to the furlough scheme artificially inflating wages during the pandemic, the Treasury opted to suspend the triple lock for at least one year in a bid to save money. As a result, state pensioners were told their Government-backed retirement pots would either go up by inflation or 2.5 percent; whichever is highest. State pensions are now set to be increased by 3.1 percent next month in line with the rate of inflation. However, the move has been widely criticised by politicians and charities as pensioners are missing out a large amount of money if the triple lock had remained in place. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim One of the parliamentarians who approached the Chancellor with a question about the triple lock was fellow Conserative MP, Nick Thomas. The parliamentary representative for St. Ives asked Rishi Sunak about the potential return of the triple lock in a bid to further support pensioners who are most vulnerable in light of pending bill rises. Speaking in the House of Commons, Mr Thomas said: “I represent an area where a large number of people are on the state pension. “I know from conversations with the Chancellor that he is particularly concerned about this demographic. “I wonder if one of the easier routes, because of the critical rise in the cost of living, would be to reinstate the triple lock for this year.” In response, Mr Sunak said: “My Honourable Friend is right to highlight pensioners and is right to support them in the way that he does. “He’ll know we made the decision temporarily to move to a ‘double lock’ this year because of the anomaly in the reported earnings, which would have meant a statistically very high rise. “It wouldn’t have been justified or fair regarding the circumstances. That said, because of this Government’s policy of the triple lock, I’m pleased to say that pensions now are at their highest level, relevant to earnings, in three decades. “We continue to be a party who supports those who need our help.” Despite this assertion, recent polling has suggested that public trust in the Government has fallen when it comes to their handling of state pensions. A survey of adults in the UK conducted by Nerdwallet found that 36 percent of respondents said that the triple lock freeze has made them “less trustful” of pension decisions. Richard Eagling, a Senior Pensions Expert at NerdWallet, explained: “The triple lock is an expensive commitment for any Government to carry but it has enjoyed strong public support since it was introduced in 2011. “Fear of voter reprisals has left the government wary of altering the triple lock to try to rein in such liabilities, and these concerns are not unfounded. “Suspending the triple lock has undermined confidence in the Government’s pension policy and left many questioning whether more permanent changes could be on the cards. “A significant number of individuals are coming to the conclusion not to overly rely on what the state pension might deliver and are now looking to step up their own pension provision to increase their chances of enjoying a decent income in retirement.”