Moon Knight is the latest Marvel series to hit Disney Plus and it stars Oscar Isaac in the title role. Moon Knight has multiple personality disorder and shares a body with mercenary Marc Spector. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how many episodes are in the TV series. The TV miniseries is the sixth of its kind in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Moon Knight becomes the conduit for the Egyptian moon god Khonshu (voiced by F. Murray Abraham). Throughout the series, he grapples with Arthur Harrow (Ethan Hawke), who sees Moon Knight as an obstacle. The main protagonist has plenty of adventures with an unlikely ally, Layla El-Faouly (May Calamawy). READ MORE: Moon Knight cast: Who is in the Disney Plus series? The series is made up of six episodes and will come to its conclusion on May 4. As part of Phase Four of the MCU, each episode has been given a unique title. The premiere episode is called The Goldfish Problem, with other titles yet to be announced. The episode schedule for the series is as follows: Episode one - March 30 Episode two - April 6 Episode three - April 13 Episode four - April 20 Episode five - April 27 Episode six - May 4 As this is a miniseries, the story will come to a natural conclusion in the final episode. This means fans cannot expect a second season to come to light. DON'T MISS... What comics do you need to read ahead of the new Moon Knight TV show [INSIGHT] Moon Knight’s Oscar Isaac slaps down accent backlash [DISCUSSION] Moon Knight has a subtle connection to a new Marvel hero [EXPLAINER] Actor Isaac spoke to Empire about the scope of the latest superhero series. Speaking about his character's multiple personality disorder, he said: "It is risky. “He’s an obscure hero, and the things we’re dealing with are very different. "But because it’s a limited series, rather than a movie, the pressure isn’t there to make sure the opening weekend is massive. "We’re able to take more risks, to bring that experimental quality on a huge scale.” After Moon Knight has been introduced in the series, the character will cross over to the MCU films. Executive producer Kevin Feige explained why the standalone MCU series like Moon Knight may not get a second season. Speaking to Collider ahead of the release, he said: "Well, we're looking a little differently. We're looking at it as developing them as either six hour-episodes, or nine or 10 half-hour episodes. “So, for instance, WandaVision started that way and Falcon and the Winter Soldier as 30 minutes, but because it's streaming, it's Disney+, and the rules have blurred over the years, yes. "Some can be 23 minutes. Some can be much longer than that. But She-Hulk, for instance, is being developed as 10 30-minute episodes. "Some will be longer and some will be shorter. Loki, Falcon and the Winter Soldier is being developed as six 40-50-minute episodes.”  Moon Knight is streaming weekly on Wednesdays on Disney Plus