Countdown star Rachel Riley has taken to Twitter to tell Russian men who have been involved in the war in Ukraine to "stick their flowers" in light of International Women's Day this year. The maths genius, 36, made the remarks on the celebrated day in light of the Russian troops "separating women and kids from their partners and fathers" and just days after expressing support for her Russian beau, Pasha Kovalev, as the war in Ukraine continues. In view of her 695,000 followers, the star shared her views on the ongoing war. Rachel wrote: "In Russia International Women’s Day is big thing, more like Mother’s Day, but for all women. (sic) "The men who’ve decided to bomb their neighbours, separating women and kids from their partners and fathers can well and truly stick their flowers this year." Following Rachel's post, her followers took to the comments to weigh in on the subject. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen admits ‘feeling of helplessness’ Gavin Stevens wrote: "Celebrating all those women and mothers in the #ukraine in these difficult times. "May peace be the ultimate #InternationalWomensDay gift for all." While David Thompson penned: "It’s a big thing in Ukraine also, all those Ukrainian mothers deserve a big bunch of tulips (traditional for the day) for what they’ve been doing and been through." Rachel's post comes days after she voiced her support for her Russian husband and former Strictly Come Dancing professional Pasha as he shared his thoughts on the conflict. Pasha reposted a message from @Riseupwiththearts yesterday, in full view of his 46,100 followers. In the caption, the dancer encouraged his fans to “come together". He said: “The current situation in Ukraine hits too close to home for the both of us as Russian nationals. "Our passport may say one thing but our hearts are with our family, friends and everyone still in Ukraine that are fighting for their freedom and lives." DON'T MISS... Strictly's Katya Jones reaches out to ex Neil 'I hope you're proud!' [INSIGHT]Alan Titchmarsh hits out at cancel culture as he promotes 'tolerance' [ANALYSIS]'Royal-trashing whine-a-thon' Piers Morgan stands by Meghan Markle row [UPDATE] He added: "We will need your support now more than ever. “Let’s come together and make a difference through Art!” The post itself was written by Pasha and Anya Garnis, who run the upcoming show Rise Up With the Arts together. The two are both Russian nationals and former dance partners. It continues: “It only feels right that our show, Rise Up With the Arts, along with 3 charities that we are supporting, will now focus on donating funds raised to the Save the Children charity that helps children and young people affected by this terrible conflict.” They reminded fans at the end, in a sobering conclusive note: “Let’s make art, not war! "Pasha and Anya," they signed off the post. Rachel then shared the post to her own Twitter account, writing a love heart in expression of support for her husband.