National pet charity Blue Cross warns owners of the concerning impacts lilies have on cats ahead of Mother's Day.  The warning comes with Mother's Day just around the corner when sales of the popular flowers rise. Six-month-old Misty was rushed into Blue Cross' animal hospital in Victoria recently after ingesting the pollen from the popular flower. Misty's worried owner took her in with yellow pollen smudges on her face from the flowers. Her owner said she was unaware of the danger lilies pose to pets and contacted the pet charity immediately.  Misty’s owner said: “I didn’t know that lilies were dangerous to cats and it’s only when I told my sister Misty had got pollen on her that she told me I needed to get her checked out. “I was really worried; Misty is my first pet and I wasn’t aware that some flowers can be toxic for cats. It’s something that really needs to be highlighted more so pet owners are aware of the risks.” On the same day, another kitten was brought into the hospital for a similar problem. The 11-month-old kitten had pollen around her neck after brushing up against some lilies which were within the pet's home.  READ MORE: Britain to turn white as 4 inches of snow bomb to hit by next week Both cats were immediately put on a drip to help flush out their kidneys and had to have their blood taken to assess the damage caused by the flowers. They were kept in overnight and monitored closely by the charity's animal hospital but were luckily able to go home the next day. In 2021 the charity treated 28 cats for suspected lily poisoning, and so far this year they have already seen 12 cases. They warned that the "floral favourite can be fatal" to felines even if just a small dusting of pollen gets caught on their fur, and then they lick it when grooming.  DON'T MISS: Calls for UK to allow Ukrainian refugees to bring pets with them [INSIGHT]Indian doctor refuses to leave panther and jaguar behind in Ukraine [VIDEO]Over a quarter of cat and dog owners don't know pets can get dementia [ANALYSIS] It can cause fatal damage to their kidneys and lead to death if left untreated. Warning signs your pet has been poisoned include vomiting, dribbling, lethargy, red and swollen skin mouth or paws, among other symptoms. Caroline Reay, Head of Veterinary Services at Blue Cross, said: “Most pet owners are unaware that lilies could prove deadly to their cat. The pollen, flowers and leaves of lilies are extremely toxic to cats so should be avoided at all times". She advised children wanting to treat their mums to flowers on Mother's Day to opt for cat-friendly alternatives such as "roses, stocks or freesia" if they have a cat in the house. 