Experts at GardeningExpress.co.uk have researched the unlikely products and items that gardeners could use to keep plants healthy this summer, and have shared tips to help give plants a “boost” this spring. Both indoor and outdoor plants need extra care through the winter months, until they start to actively grow again in the spring. Chris Bonnett from Gardening Express said: “Plants need a plethora of nutrients and a bit of care to survive. “Some fertilisers and repellents can be costly when bought, but nature has many of the answers if you have a little bit of time. “Plants can start to die when they lack the proper nutrients it needs to live, and then can be upsetting for plant owners, especially when they live in the house. “Homemade plant food is an easy and inexpensive way to feed plants without accidentally harming them or breaking the bank.” READ MORE: DIY couple share £100 living room transformation Plant owners can use a variety of different methods to feed and water their plants, including using sparkling water. Carbonate water contains several macronutrients including carbon, oxygen, hydrogen, potassium and sodium. According to Gardening Express experts, these macronutrients can be incredibly “beneficial” for plants. However, houseplant owners are advised to let the fizzy water go flat before using it on plants. DON'T MISS:Adam Frost shares how to ‘keep the weeds down’ and ‘improve the soil’ [EXPERT]Tomatoes: How to get the ‘best’ germination for tasty summer fruit [EXPLAINER]‘Now is the perfect time’ to prepare the lawn for ‘healthy growth’ [INSIGHT] Green tea can also be used to water green plants because it is high in iron. The experts added: “Dry coffee grounds are perfect for fertilising soil and providing plants with antioxidants, potassium, phosphor and nitrogen. “However, make sure that the grounds are dry, wet ones can cause fungus to grow, which will harm plants.” Food including orange peels and banana peels can be used to help indoor plants to fight off pests. According to the experts, orange peel can be used as a natural pest repelling spray, keeping aphids away. They added: “Citrus peels are high in nitrogen, sulphur, magnesium and calcium, all of which give leafy plants a quick pick me up. “Giving plants a potassium boost is easy, simply toss banana peels right onto your soil. “The extra potassium will make your plants stronger and healthier, giving them more energy to fight off pests.” Plant food can also be purchased from garden centres, but it often contains chemicals as well as being expensive. Gardening Express experts recommended making a natural food formula which is a “much better idea”. They said: “Mix one teaspoon baking soda, one tablespoon epsom salts and half teaspoon of ammonia with a gallon of water. “Leave for an hour or two to dissolve before pouring over plants.”