Alongside soothing heartburn and neutralising body odour, baking soda can be ingested or applied to the skin for a number of health benefits. Baking soda is also a useful product for dental health, freshening breath and whitening your teeth. Here’s how to whiten your teeth with baking soda, according to the experts. Bicarbonate of soda, also known as baking soda, is a cheap and natural way to whiten your teeth without damage. You can use this alkaline powder to erase stains or keep your smile bright without spending a fortune. The experts at Arm and Hammer recommended brushing your teeth with a mix of equal parts of baking soda and water. Coat all of your teeth in the paste and use gentle circular motions for two minutes. Then, spit out the baking soda and rinse your mouth with water or mouthwash (and rinse your toothbrush too). READ MORE- Lung cancer symptoms: When your cough or breathlessness is cancerous If you want a more intense treatment, Arm and Hammer suggested mixing baking soda with over-the-counter topical hydrogen peroxide instead. You’ll hear the mixture fizz when they combine. Leave it on your teeth for a minute and then rinse. However, both of these hacks are frowned upon by some dental professionals. Always check with your dentist before using any baking soda hacks on your teeth as they might not be safe for everyone. Dr Rhona Eskander - a founder of PÄRLA - warned against making your own solution completely. She said: “Some baking soda brands are more abrasive than others and could damage your teeth. “To avoid any damage to your teeth, it’s recommended you use a toothpaste that contains this ingredient.” DON'T MISS...Hair loss: The vitamin 'intricately involved' in growth [INFORMER]How to live longer: 10 minutes of exercise boosts lifespan [INSIGHT]Heart disease breakthrough: New NHS technology to SLASH diagnosis [EXPLAINER] London-based dentist Dr Kamala Aydazada warned against the hydrogen peroxide hack too. She said: “Whereas baking soda is an effective, minimally abrasive method of teeth whitening, combining it with liquid hydrogen peroxide is NOT recommended due to the serious damage it can inflict on the teeth. ⁣⁣“Being acidic in nature, hydrogen peroxide would soften the enamel of the teeth, making it easier to then remove the healthy tooth structure by brushing it away with baking soda. “I would like to warn everyone against using such a mixture as it may cause irreversible damage to your teeth and gums.”⁣ Instead of using baking soda paste, use baking soda toothpaste AND change your lifestyle habits to keep your teeth white. Dr Ayadaza said reducing the number of snacks you eat will whiten your teeth, as it limits the amount of food that can get stuck in your gums. She added: “Limit the number of coloured drinks (such as coffee, tea, red wine, fizzy drinks) that you consume, as these will stain the teeth. “Always wait for 30 to 60 minutes before brushing your teeth after you eat and brush your teeth for a minimum of two minutes twice a day using a vibrating and massaging motion. This will get rid of plaque buildup.”