 Joe is a contestant on Richard Osman’s House of Games tonight at 6pm on BBC Two. Every evening this week, Joe will compete against three celebrities, including fellow comedian Felicity Ward in a series of quiz rounds, hosted by Richard Osman. The comedy pair will also be joined by former England rugby player Ugo Monye and Coronation Street star Jenny McAlpine, who like Joe, has taken part in I’m a Celebrity.   A winner is declared daily at the end of each show, while the celebrities’ scores are tallied across the week, with an overall champion crowned on Friday. Joe is no stranger to television game shows, with the comic having been crowned the King of the Jungle in the fourth series of ‘I’m a Celebrity’ in December 2004. Before then, the comic made his name in the Nineties on the stand up circuit before fronting his own television programme, The Joe Pasquale Shows, in 1996. At the height of his fame, the 60-year-old, who has also worked as a comedy magician and actor, regularly performed in front of the Royal Family. Read More: Key sign of Prince Charles' love for Meghan Markle spotted in picture  The comedian has taken part in six Royal Variety Shows in his time, with the most recent performance taking place in 2005. After one of these shows, the Duke of Edinburgh gave a cold assessment of his performance, Joe told Express.co.uk last year. Joe admitted that Philip looked him up and down and said: “You’re the fellow who did the… yesss…” Joe laughed and added: “And then he walked off.”  Joe also explained that he’d had a particularly memorable meeting with Philip’s wife, the Queen, after the 2007 Royal Command Performance. The comic had been performing alongside American art company The Blue Man Group, who painted Joe blue for the show and propelled him across the stage into a large canvas. The comedian was due to meet Queen after the show, however. Joe explained how his conspicuous odour from the paint led to him teaching Her Majesty new slang. Don't Miss:Harry ‘driving wedge’ through relationship with William[INSIGHT]Queen made 'rare exception’ for Meghan at start of Harry relationship[ANALYSIS]Queen tangled in ‘bit of trouble’ after public broadcast: ‘Undermined'[OPINION]  He said: “The paint was egg-based, so there were no harmful side effects. “But after days of rehearsals, it had gone off. Consequently I stank ‒ even after I’d showered. “When I met the Queen, she asked, ‘Have you recovered?’ “I said, ‘Yes ma’am, but I’m minging.’ She said, ‘What’s minging?’  “I replied, ‘I smell a bit’, and she leant forward and sniffed me. “‘Oh’ she said, ‘You are a bit whiffy…” Joe also revealed that during one of his many Royal Variety performances he got so drunk the other acts avoided him the entire evening.  That night, which included another meeting with Her Majesty, the comedian claimed it was the “most drunk” he had ever been. As well as a storied on-stage career, Joe participated in the eighth series of Dancing on Ice in 2013, while he also hosted the revived version of game show The Price is Right. Richard Osman’s House of Games airs at 6pm on BBC Two.