Premium Bonds can be held for up to 12 months after the death of the bond holder and will still be eligible for the monthly draw in this time period. However, the amount the deceased managed to save into Premium Bonds may mean families need probate in order to manage the funds left behind.   An estimated £74million is left in unclaimed Premium Bonds prizes, with over two million individual prizes holding this amount. While the cheques that winners receive do expire, the winnings themselves don’t, meaning that Britons could realistically win a prize draw after their death. To find out if a deceased loved one had Premium Bonds, or any other investments or savings with NS&I, Britons can use the tracing service offered by NS&I. Britons who would like to claim the savings their deceased loved one had with NS&I, regardless of the account type, can do this online too. READ MORE: Pensioner explains simple way she earns £2,000 a month – 'anyone can do it’     Although, to claim another person’s savings after their death, heirs will need the following information of the deceased on hand:  Additionally, heirs will need to provide the details of the executors of the will if there is one or administrators if there is not. Details of the person claiming the funds will also be needed as well as details for a bank account where the funds can be put into. Britons should ensure they are legally entitled to claim the funds before starting the process. If the deceased’s total NS&I savings were over £5,000 the heir may need a Grant of Representation, also known as Grant of Probate or Grant of Letters of Administration.  In the case of Premium Bonds, it is possible that the deceased could win a prize draw after their death and be sent a prize warrant. A prize warrant is similar to a cheque, meaning that only those named on it can withdraw the winnings. If the warrant is addressed to the deceased, Britons are advised to send it back to NS&I. Once the heirs have completed their claim to the deceased’s bonds, NS&I will reissue the warrant to the living person entitled to the winnings.  Any other prizes won whilst NS&I is processing the claim will be held onto until the claim is completed with all prizes going to the person entitled to the money. Premium Bonds owned by a dead person can remain in the monthly draw for up to 12 months. If the bonds do win a prize draw, NS&I will issue the prize warrant to the person entitled to the money once the claim has been completed. NS&I highlighted that these prizes cannot be paid out electronically or be consolidated to be paid at the end of the 12 months.