Amanda Holden, 51, has witnessed the devastation caused by the war in Ukraine after she travelled to a refugee camp in Medyka, Poland. The Britain’s Got Talent judge has been reporting from the ground on her Global podcast Ukraine’s Hidden Voices, which launched earlier this month. She took to Instagram yesterday to share a picture of an exhausted Ukrainian woman, in view of her 1.8 million followers. The poignant photo showed a young Ukrainian woman sleeping while sitting on a chair and using a bag as a pillow. Next to her, another woman looked at her phone with her bag clutched between her legs. Amanda, who was left speechless by the scenes she had witnessed, hit out at the Home Secretary over some of her latest remarks on the refugee crisis. READ MORE: Shirley MacLaine's boast of bedding two Prime Ministers She captioned the shot: “Priti Patel has said Vladimir Putin might try to use Ukrainian women and children to infiltrate the UK. I have no words.” Priti Patel had recently suggested that Russian President Vladimir Putin could use female spies to enter the UK under the guise of Ukrainian refugees. Speaking at the Conservative spring conference in Blackpool last week, Patel stressed the UK’s need to “remain watchful”. She said: “I’ve been asked why couldn’t we suspend security checks on people escaping Putin’s war? “Times of conflict, my friends, emphasise our need to remain watchful.” Patel also reminded attendees of the Salisbury Novichok poisonings, which resulted in the death of a woman living in the nearby town of Amesbury. She said: “Only four years ago, the Russian military intelligence services used a chemical weapon on British soil. “It happened in Salisbury, a beautiful city, whose inhabitants would have felt completely safe. READ MORE...Chris Evans details 'bump in the road' as he shares family rule  [INSIGHT]Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma [LATEST]Piers Morgan's 'lucrative' GMB exit explained by co-star Rob Rinder [NEWS] “Dawn Sturgess could never have imagined that she would lose her life to novichok.” The Home Secretary added: “The truth is that a very small number of people can wreak utter havoc and Russia has a history of covert hostile activity. “I’m afraid it is naive and misguided to think that only men can be covert operatives. Or that refugee flows would not be subject to some form of exploitation. “There are those who would come to our country – to this country – who would mean us harm and would plot to strike at our very way of life.” Last week, Amanda shared what she had seen at the Medyka refugee camp with her Heart FM Breakfast show listeners. Praising people who had been contributing to supporting those fleeing the war, Amanda said: “I am watching people trickling in from over the border. “It’s extraordinary to witness how quickly people have got together. There is a whole village here.” The radio presenter said she had seen stalls of clothes and food, including produce from Asda and Tesco.