With the amount of different types and ways of dieting these days, it's easy to lose track, get confused and fall off the wagon. By fasting, cutting and restricting certain foods, these can all lead to a bad relationship with food and that can cause more problems further down the line. But with The Caveman diet, it promises slimmers can lose weight without cutting calories. The theory behind the stone-age programme, which is also known as the Paleo Diet, is that foods provided by modern agriculture are completely cut out. Instead, it focuses on a hunter-gatherer method. Before machinery, cavemen would typically ate foods that they could hunt or gather, such as fish, lean meats, fruits, vegetables, nuts, and seeds. READ MORE: 'Bold statement': Camilla wears purple and green tartan ensemble The author behind the book Loren Cordain, PhD, claims that by eating like our prehistoric ancestors, we’ll be leaner and less likely to develop other health problems, such as diabetes, heart disease and cancer. It's a high-protein, high-fibre eating plan, which aims to fill people up to avoid snacking. And what's better, is that in the first few of weeks, the diet allows for some cheating. Cordain reveals people can eat what they want for three meals a week; what she calls "open meals." DON'T MISS...James Martin lost a stone and a half with one ‘weird’ secret [WEIGHT LOSS]Woman breastfeeding toddler would consider until the age of 6 [HEALTH NEWS]Dr Michael Mosley: The ‘most effective’ diet for weight loss [DIET TIPS] The author behind the book Loren Cordain, PhD, claims that by eating like our prehistoric ancestors, we’ll be leaner and less likely to develop other health problems, such as diabetes, heart disease and cancer. It's a high-protein, high-fibre eating plan which aims to fill people up to avoid snacking. And what's better, is that in the first few of weeks, the diet allows for some cheating. Cordain reveals people can eat what they want for three meals a week; what she calls "open meals."  Or if they are up for a challenge they can cut it down to just one "open meal" per week. While slimmers have this option, the diet doesn't allow for any processed foods of any kind at other times. It is also a low-salt diet, which may help cut down on sodium. And people who are participating in the regime will need to stock up on the allowed foods and cook from scratch. So making time for cooking is a must. It might be tough for a person to eliminate all grains, dairy, processed foods, sugar from their everyday diet, but the results are certainly rewarding. A 2007 study by Lindeberg S, et al for Diabetologia, put 29 males with heart disease and high blood sugar or type 2 diabetes on two separate diets for 12 weeks; 14 participants followed a paleolithic diet while 15 followed a Mediterranean-like diet, both with no calorie restrictions. All members of the paleo group had normal blood sugar levels after 12 weeks, compared with seven of 15 patients in the other group. The Paleo Diet, however, isn't for people who are vegetarian or vegan, due to the main sources of protein included. It's rich in lean protein and plant-based foods, with a full emphasis on meat and fish. And Cordain says it's impossible to follow without eating meat, seafood, or eggs. Other vegetarian sources of protein such as beans and other legumes, are not allowed.