Stephanie is a mum who has renovated her house in a stunning fashion. She recently discussed kitchens with her followers. Stephanie runs @thecheshiregreyhome, where she posts images and videos from her DIY home transformation. One triumph in the house is the enormous kitchen. The chic room boasts a huge island, two ovens, a hidden fridge and a built-in hob and dishwasher. Stephanie made a list of the kitchen features suggested by her followers when she was renovating the room. READ MORE: 'A transformation and a half': Incredible DIY kitchen renovation after extension She said: "I asked you guys what your favourites were when we were designing the kitchen." Stephanie went on: "I can safely say that all these designs make life a little easier!" DON'T MISSDIY couple's kitchen renovation - 'honestly one of the most gorgeous' [PICTURES] 'We ended up saving £3k': DIY kitchen transformation [RENOVATION] DIY couple saved money transforming kitchen with budget worktops [REAL LIFE] Stephanie's boiling water tap was from Fohen Boiling Water Taps. These taps cost upwards of £469. The property was ripped out and renovated almost from scratch. Fans were quick to praise the kitchen. One wrote: "Such a beautiful kitchen Stephanie!" One described the kitchen as "kitchen goals" and another called it "absolutely beautiful". "I love my pantry cupboard," one fan wrote. An expert recently claimed a kitchen redesign is one of the best updates to make to a home if you are looking to sell it. Simon Bradbury from estate agent Fine & Country said potential buyers tend to be most interested in a kitchen when viewing a home. He recommends fitting your kitchen with "high-quality finishings" to encourage a purchase. If your kitchen needs freshening up, try replacing the cupboards to brighten the room. An interior expert spoke to Express.co.uk about mistakes to avoid when decorating your house. Some mistakes could even devalue your home, according to This Morning expert Georgina Burnett. Georgina Burnett, also known as The Home Genie, avoid "fashionable" colours where she can. She said: "Simply going for a fashionable colour or style is always going to be the wrong way to go."