Star Wars actor Ewan McGregor has shared how fantasy sometimes bleeds into reality ahead of the release of his new show. The Obi-Wan Kenobi star admitted he finds himself channelling the force when he’s away from filming. The actor was quizzed about it in a recent interview, where he shared the insight. Speaking about his Jedi skills, he also admitted he does sometimes get caught doing this as well. Ewan explained: “I do it with doors! “I like to do that with automatic doors just for my own amusement. READ MORE: 'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star  “I always do a little Jedi move for the doors and I have occasionally been caught doing it. “You know, like at the supermarket or something when I’m wheeling my trolley out.” The actor went on to explain how he does it for his “own amusement”. He continued: "It's just always for my own [amusement], because it makes me laugh, but occasionally I've been caught doing that, and that's kind of embarrassing.  "It's difficult not to, isn't it? It's fun. “If the timing is right, it feels very powerful." He went on to admit, however, in the interview with Entertainment Weekly that his children are immune to his “Jedi mind trick”. Ewan was speaking ahead of the release of the Disney+ series Obi-Wan Kenobi. DON'T MISS... ‘Just doesn't understand!' Lorraine Kelly makes ‘change’ with husband [INSIGHT]Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [VIDEO]Loose Women's Charlene White weighs in on royal visit [INSIGHT]   This will be out on May 25, 2022, and follows the iconic character after his defeat by Anakin Skywalker (played by Hayden Christensen). Not too much is known about the plot of the show yet as Disney is keeping its cards close to its chest. However, a short trailer was dropped recently, promising some dramatic action to come. Ewan also recently opened up about his first appearances in the Star Wars universe, the prequel trilogy. He added how some of the original criticism of those films was “quite difficult” to do with.  Ewan said to the same publication: “I found it quite hard. For it to come out and get knocked so hard was personally quite difficult to deal with. "It was quite early in my career. I didn't really know how to deal with that.” However, the Hollywood star went on to add that 17 years on, he’s noticed some fan resurgence of the films. This is especially true of those who watched the films as children and are now grown up. 