Coronation Street's Toyah Battersby (played by Georgia Taylor) is still unaware that her boyfriend, Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo), is the father to Abi Franklin's (Sally Carman) baby, Alfie. Abi recently gave birth to her son prematurely and is currently going through custody issues with social services after her relapse with drugs. As Toyah discovers the truth about baby Alfie's father, could she take the ultimate revenge and leave Abi heartbroken? Imran and Abi had a drunken one night stand last year when she was grieving the death of her son Seb Franklin (Harry Visinoni), who was tragically killed. Toyah found out the truth about their affair but decided to stay with Imran and give him another chance, with the pair agreeing to get married. Official spoilers have revealed that in upcoming scenes, Toyah finds out the truth about Alfie's birth father is and is devasted to find out that Imran has continued to lie to her. As she comes to terms with the news, she has to make some decisions about what to do about her marriage and whether to continue with Elsie’s (Arabella Berkeley) adoption. READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is Sticking by her son's side and in a bid to prove she is a fit mother, Abi visits Alfie and is surprised to find Toyah in the neonatal unit gazing at Alfie in his incubator. Could she be thinking about taking Alfie out of the unit and away from Abi? Imran spends some time with Elsie and eventually says an emotional goodbye to her before telling Abi he will help her fight to keep their son. Toyah reveals social services have reported him to the Solicitors’ Regulation Authority for his involvement in Abi’s custody battle. Was she the one to call social services to get her revenge on Imran? If Toyah kidnaps baby Alfie, will she be putting her own life at risk just to cause temporary pain for Abi? Viewers will have to wait and see if Toyah ends up breaking down or if she will continue her adoption with Elsie and start a new life without Imran. During Abi's court hearing, the local authority solicitor reveals a whole list of reasons proving Abi to be an unfit mother and why she shouldn't get custody of the newborn. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Todd Grimshaw exposes Summer's secret [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Nicky Wheatley has connection to Jacob Hay [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Emma Brooker pregnant as she exits with Jon [WATCH] Lawyer Imran pleads the upset mother's case and does everything in his power to convince the judge Abi has changed her ways. Georgia Taylor recently explained to Metro about the tension between Abi and Toyah and what’s ahead for them both: "You have these two very different women. "You have a woman who has given birth to her fourth child, and it is the only child she has left and who has given up two children to be adopted, which is something that Toyah would never do. "And then you have Toyah, who obviously can’t have children and is desperate to be a mum. So there’s going to be a huge conflict between them based on that as well. "It is the ultimate betrayal, and for Toyah, it is the most heartbreaking thing that could happen to her." Charlie De Melo recently announced his departure from the show, with a source telling The Sun: "Charlie’s loved his time on the soap, but the time is right to try new things. “He’s hugely talented and very ambitious and wants to see what else is out there. “He will always cherish his time in Weatherfield, but for now, it’s goodbye." Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.