If you're hunting down a PS5, then you might want to head over to the GAME website. For the second time this month, PS5 consoles are back in stock at GAME, although you will have to navigate a queue in order to get one. Once you reach the front of the queue, you'll have 30 minutes to make your purchase, so you better hurry if you want that console. Needless to say, consoles are limited to one per customer. Hit the link below to reach the GAME website. "You are in the GAME PlayStation queue. When it is your turn, you will have 30 minutes to complete your order. This product is strictly limited to one per customer," reads a GAME statement. "If you select our Priority Insured delivery method (details can be found on the product page) your order will be shipped by March 18th. All other delivery method orders will be shipped by March 23rd." If you want to pick up a game to go alongside your order, then you can't go far wrong with the exceptional Elden Ring. The open-world fantasy game has a score of 97% on Metacritic, and has sold 12 million copies since launching in February. PlayStation 5 shopping tips when buying from GAME... • Get familiar with the bundles, so you know which one to target first: Obscure bundles are easier to get, standalones almost impossible. [GAME] • When alerted, click through to your first bundle of choice as quickly as possible, this will get you into the queue. [GAME] • If it says it's failed when trying to checkout, it means that bundle is now OOS. So go back to the bundles and pick another one. [GAME] • Checking out too much too quickly will give you a 30-60 second timeout, so don't rush it. If this happens, just wait a bit then try again. [GAME] PlayStation 5 general shopping tips... • Login if you already have an account with the retailer. • Use multiple devices wherever possible - desktop browser, laptop, tablet, smartphone. • If the retailer has a dedicated app, download and use the app for purchasing a PS5. • Sign up for retailer stock alerts where possible. Sites like ShopTo allow users to register interest. • Follow stock checker accounts and websites, including PS5 UK Stock and Express Gaming.