The US President has been mocked for confusing Russia with Ukraine in a recent interview. Joe Biden said: "How do we get to the place where Putin decides he's going to just invade Russia?" His comments sparked ridicule from social media users. Sky News host Rita Panahi said: "Let's check in with the leader of the free world who has trouble identifying his Ukrainians from his Iranians and now he has Russia and Ukraine confused. "Joe, Joe... Putin invaded Ukraine, not Russia. He's president of Russia. He's not invaded Russia. "It's the smaller country next door. "Maybe get a refresher from Kamala to help you out?" READ MORE: Ukrainian woman 'downed drone with jar of tomatoes' Meanwhile Stuart Bishop wrote on Twitter: "How did we get to the place that millions of Americans supposedly voted him in?" Ian Maurice added: "There is still a small spark in there hopefully." However, Sarah Barret noted: "Not fair, President Biden correct his mistake." It comes as was expected to announce a ban on Russian oil and other energy imports on Tuesday in retaliation for the invasion of Ukraine, sources familiar with the matter said. The White House said Biden was scheduled to announce actions at 10:45 am on Tuesday against Russia over Ukraine, but did not specifically mention oil imports. Biden has been working with allies in Europe, who are far more dependent on Russian oil, to isolate Russia's energy-heavy economy and Putin. Two people familiar with the matter told Reuters on Monday the United States may move ahead with a ban on Russian oil imports without the participation of allies in Europe. The United States imported more than 20.4 million barrels of crude and refined products a month on average from Russia in 2021, about 8 percent of US liquid fuel imports, according to the Energy Information Administration, and any ban is likely spike gasoline prices and inflation even further. DON'T MISS Kirstie Allsopp told to 'shut the f*** up' by critic [VIDEO]Brit hero rushes to help Ukrainian refugees cross border in black cab [INSIGHT]Macron's huge bust-up with Scholz threatens Russia sanctions [ANALYSIS] US Senator Chris Coons said the administration was coordinating with European allies "and making sure that we've done the groundwork to understand how to effectively implement a ban on Russian energy." "We are going to see increased gas prices here in the United States. In Europe, they will see dramatic increases in prices. That's the cost of standing up for freedom and standing alongside the Ukrainian people, but it's going to cost us," Coons told CNN. The White House is also negotiating with U.S. congressional leaders who are working on fast-tracking bipartisan legislation that would ban Russian imports, that was expected to go to a vote as soon as this week. US Representative Susan Wild said Americans need to realize the larger sacrifice needed. "Obviously nobody wants to pay more for gas," Wild, a Democrat on the House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee, said on MSNBC.