After an 11-hour long-haul flight on RAF Voyager, the Duke and Duchess were welcomed by Belize's governor-general Froya Tzalam. They then went to meet Prime Minister Johnny Briceno and his wife, Her Excellency Rosanna Briceno. Among chatter, Kate, laughing and clearly referring to William, said of their drive to the meeting: "There were lots of questions in the car." William said: "It's lovely to be here." And the Prime Minister replied: "Thanking you so much. "We're so happy you’re here." Mr and Mrs Bricenothen invited Kate, 40, and Prince William, 39, to sit in a lounge area in his office building. The Duchess, looking out at the ocean, said: "It's such a lovely view." Royal Family LIVE: 'Military style operation' to get Queen to Philip memorial The Cambridges' eight-day trip, to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, began with a controversial start. On Friday, it was announced the couple would not be visiting a cacao farm in the village of Indian Creek on Sunday morning after protests from villagers. According to travel website Belize Unknown, the Akte ’il Ha cacao farm is "owned and operated by the Maquin family, who are descendants of the ancient Mayas who once cultivated cacao in the region". A helicopter carrying the Cambridges was meant to land on a football field in the area. But village residents, who say they were not consulted about the use of their field, are in dispute with Flora and Fauna International (FFI), a conservation charity that includes Prince William as a patron. In a statement, FFI said it had purchased land at the nearby Boden Creek from private owners in December last year, and that it was committed to conserving and protecting the area's wildlife while supporting the livelihoods and traditional rights of local people. The chair of Indian Creek village, Sebastian Shol, told the Daily Mail: "We don't want them to land on our land, that's the message that we want to send. "They could land anywhere, but not on our land." DON'T MISSQueen health: Monarch 'finding it extremely difficult to stand' for long [INSIGHT]Three key points to survival of Kate and William's marraige [ANALYSIS]Pippa Middleton 'uninvited' Meghan to her wedding for one reason [REVEAL] Kensington Palace said that "due to sensitive issues involving the community in Indian Creek, the visit has been moved to a different location". The government of Belize said "another venue has been selected to showcase Maya family entrepreneurship in the cacao industry". After that, they will travel to the cultural centre of the Garifuna community in Hopkins, a beachfront village known for its welcoming nature where the royals will be greeted with a demonstration of Garifuna culture. Kate and William's Central America and Caribbean tour — their first major overseas trip in over two years — will see them visit Jamaica and the Bahamas next. In Belize, they will learn about efforts to preserve the country's barrier reef from conservation specialists. In Jamaica, they are due to celebrate the legacy of Bob Marley and the island's rich musical and sporting heritage. In the Bahamas, to end the trip, they will compete in a sailing regatta at the Royal Sailing Club in Nassau, a club close to the heart of the late Prince Philip, who was first a Honorary Commodore and then a Honorary Life Member.