Today, members of the Royal Family congregated at Westminster Abbey to honour the 54 Commonwealth nations. Given it’s the year of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, the service also celebrated the monarch’s relationship with the Commonwealth. While the Queen was not in attendance, she did share a poignant message in which she renewed her pledge to devote her life to service. Her Majesty has been Head of the Commonwealth since her coronation. Her reign commenced with a monumental tour — the longest Commonwealth tour to date — which lasted an impressive six months and traversed 44,000 miles: taking in the West Indies, Australasia, Asia and Africa. Her mission was to promote the Commonwealth and be accepted in her new role. The Queen sailed the Pacific to reach the furthest corner of the Commonwealth, Tonga, which was a protected state at the time. In a 2018 BBC documentary entitled ‘The Queen: Her Commonwealth Story’, George Alagiah claims Her Majesty’s “personal decision” to visit Tonga was all down to an “unlikely friendship”. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry savaged for 'unfunny stunt' In the early 1950s, Queen Salote of Tonga was the only woman monarch in the British Commonwealth aside from Queen Elizabeth herself. The Queens first met at Queen Elizabeth II’s coronation in 1953. During the afternoon procession, it began to rain and coverings were placed on the carriages. However, Queen Salote garnered international attention when she refused the covering for her carriage and rode through the rain, smiling and waving at the crowds. This caused such a stir that she reportedly received the biggest cheers aside from Winston Churchill and Queen Elizabeth herself. A racehorse was named after her, songs were written about her and she became a press favourite. Six months later, Queen Elizabeth visited Tonga to be reunited with Queen Salote, who had travelled over 10,000 miles to witness the coronation. Princess Pilolevu, Queen Salote’s grand-daughter, was a young girl at the time of Queen Elizabeth’s visit. She told Mr Alagiah that her grandmother had “moved out” of her palace to allow Britain’s monarch to use it. She said: “It’s a small palace, maybe one of the smallest palaces in the world.” Recalling the Queen’s visit, she said: “I remember my nanny taking me downstairs in the royal palace, dressed to the nines, but told to be very quiet.” DON'T MISS:Harry was 'fighting back tears' after Commonwealth Day snub claim[OPINION]Queen boost as 'string of countries' looked to join Commonwealth[INSIGHT]Prince Harry's security demands assessed: 'Wrong direction'[ANALYSIS] She explained that there were worries that one of the children would “scream out at the top of our lungs with our hands pointed: ‘Oh look it’s the British Queen!’” Queen Salote held a great open-air feast in the Queen’s honour, where food was served on huge banana leaves and guests sat cross-legged around long, low tables. Speaking of the feast, Princess Pilolevu said: “She [Queen Elizabeth] coped very well. She did taste everything.” In the documentary, the Queen spoke fondly of her trip to Tonga. She said: “It was very interesting being able to go and see the people, who’d come to the coronation, to see them in their own countries. “Like going to Tonga and visiting the Queen of Tonga in her own country. “I mean crossing the Pacific in a ship, which one never does nowadays, was an experience in itself.” Queen Salote would sit on the throne until her death in 1965, making her reign a substantial 48 years. In 2018, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle visited Tonga and met with Queen Salote's grandson, King Tupou VI, and his wife, Queen Nanasipauʻu. On their first day, Harry delivered a speech at a State Banquet. Within it, he recited a message, prepared by Queen Elizabeth: "To this day, I remember with fondness Queen Salote's attendance at my own Coronation, while Prince Philip and I have cherished memories from our three wonderful visits to your country in 1953, 1970 and 1977."