UPDATE: The issues which affected Yahoo Mail earlier today have now been resolved. The Yahoo Care Twitter account posted: "We're happy to announce the recent issue with Yahoo Mail is resolved. Thanks for reaching out! "We always strive to provide the best possible experience with our products, and appreciate your feedback." ORIGINAL: Yahoo Mail down reports are on the rise, with problems affecting users of the Gmail rival in the UK. Independent outage monitor Down Detector has recorded a spike in Yahoo Mail down reports which began around 4pm UK time. At the time of writing, Down Detector has recorded a peak of over 2,200 reports of Yahoo Mail down. According to Down Detector stats, the main problem affecting Yahoo Mail users today is to do with login services. As the reported Yahoo Mail issues hit users took to Twitter to talk about the problems they were facing and see if anyone else was experiencing issues. One tweeted: "@YahooCare Yahoo Mail down for me error 15". While another posted: "@yahoomail are you having trouble with email as I can't access via phone or Chromebook". One added: "Ugh #YahooMail is down".  And another wrote: "@yahoomail any idea when 'error 15' will be fixed and e-mails will load again?" As the issues hit users asked the Yahoo Care Twitter account for help, who told one person the 'error 15' message is sparked by temporary problems. The Yahoo Care Twitter wrote: "Hello there, sometimes, issues in Yahoo Mail can cause a temporary error. "Temporary error 15", will usually correct itself within a few minutes to a few hours. In the meantime, here are potential causes and our suggestions to fix the problem". Explaining how to fix the temporary error 15 message, Yahoo offers the following advice...   Sometimes, issues in Yahoo Mail can cause a temporary error. "Temporary error 15", will usually correct itself within a few minutes to a few hours. In the meantime, here are potential causes and our suggestions to fix the problem. Possible causes Using a Web browser that's not supported by Yahoo Mail Accessing your Yahoo Mail account simultaneously from 2 different browsers. Accessing your Yahoo Mail on multiple devices simultaneously from more than one place. Possible fixes Restart your Web browser. Clear your Web browser's cache. Make sure you’re using a supported Web browser and operating system (OS). Sign out of all devices and sign back in to Yahoo Mail to see if the error is gone. If the problem persists we recommend using an email app like the Yahoo Mail mail app for iOS and Android or the native mail app on your smartphone or tablet device. 