The Holiday is based on the Sunday Times bestseller book of the same name by author TM Logan which came out in 2019. The story follows a woman who goes on a vacation with her family and friends, only to discover while away that one of them is having an affair with her husband. Things get even worse though when one of the group's bodies is found at the bottom of a cliff. Express.co.uk has everything fans need to know about the cast of the Channel 5 series The Holiday. Kate is excited for a break to the Mediterranean with her loved ones until she discovers her husband is having an affair with someone close to her but who is it? She is played by actress Jill Halfpenny who became popular on the small screen thanks to her roles in a few of the UK's best-loved soaps. Halfpenny was Rebecca Hopkins in ITV's Coronation Street, Kate Mitchell in BBC One's EastEnders and Izzie Redpath in Waterloo Road. In recent years, she has turned her attention to straight dramas, including The Drowning, Three Girls and Dark Money. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump Actor Owen McDonnell is the man behind Sean, Kate's cheating husband in The Holiday. Only time will tell though if Kate will be willing to forgive him for betraying her. McDonnell is probably best recognised for playing Eve Polastri's estranged husband Niko in BBC's Killing Eve. He has also been in Women on the Verge, The Bay, Dominion Creek and Silent Witness. Rowan is a member of the friendship group that goes away with Kate but can she be trusted? Actress Siobhan Hewlett was Helen in the BBC One period drama Sherlock and Tracey in Redemption, starring opposite actor Jason Statham. Some of her other work has been in McDonald and Dodds, Parade's End and BBC's The Syndicate. Hewlett will also be in the upcoming film The Lost Girls as The Original Wendy Darling. DON'T MISS...Colonel explains why Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is failing [EXPLAINER]The Crown star speaks out on accepting Prince Andrew role [CAST]Don Warrington shares update on return to Death in Paradise [UPDATE] Jenny is a lifelong friend of Kate's who comes under suspicion when the latter starts looking for clues of her husband's mistress. Liv Mjones is a Swedish actress who was Ulla in the horror film Midsommar with Florence Pugh. Some of her other projects have been A Serious Game, Tigers and Modus. The Holiday premieres on Tuesday, March 1, at 9pm on Channel 5.