Mr Farage, who joined the upstart news network after handing over Reform UK to right-hand man Richard Tice, tore into Chris Bryant and dared the Chair of the Committees on Standards and Privileges to make the comments he made in the Commons outside of Parliament. Mr Bryant, who vociferously campaigned to keep the UK inside the EU despite his constituents in the Rhondda voting to leave the Brussels bloc, has been a foe of the ex-Brexit Party leader for many years. The Rhondda MP even said Mr Farage was "rapidly becoming the Berlusconi of Britain" after the then UKIP leader said he "admired" Vladimir Putin in a debate with the former Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg back in 2014. However, the pair's most recent jostle led Mr Farage to call his Labour counterpart a "conspiracy theorist" as he joined an in-person GB News audience in the Brexit-backing Red Wall town of Dudley. The ex-MEP was responding to Mr Bryant's intervention in the Commons from earlier on in the day. Speaking about who should be added to the UK sanctions list, the Labour MP said: "I simply point out that Nigel Farage received £548,573 from Russia Today in 2018 alone—this is from the Russian state." JUST IN: Nigel Farage creates TikTok account after chaotic Cameo clips go viral But Mr Bryant also used his parliamentary privileges to take a swipe at the former UKIP donor and Mr Farage's ally at Leave.EU, Arron Banks. He told MPs: "I do not know why Arron Banks is not on the list, either—even Isabel Oakeshott now thinks that he is an agent of influence for the Russian state." Mr Farage responded to Mr Bryant's speech in the Commons by saying: "I know that Mr Bryant is a conspiracy theorist, I know that Mr Bryant is an EU rejoiner, I know that Mr Bryant has persistently pushed claims of the Russia hoax." He added: "I can for the record tell you that in 2018 I didn't appear on Russia Today once nor did I receive a single penny from Russia Today. "What you are saying is unfounded, untrue, defamatory, and wrong." The ex-Brexit Party leader then called on Mr Bryant to "say it openly" outside of the Commons without his parliamentary privileges. Mr Farage concluded: "There is not an ounce of truth in what you said about me earning money in 2018 from Russia Today. "It is all part of this awful conspiracy. I am not a tool of the Kremlin but you are making yourself look a bit of a tool." The GB News host was also keen to point out how Mr Bryant had made an appearance on Russia Today (RT) previously. DON'T MISS:Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION]Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT]Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL]