Troops can be heard in their native language talking about the vile acts to others over the radio in audio obtained by the Ukrainian Security Service (SSU). In translated comments, which Express.co.uk has been unable to verify, a man can be heard saying three tank men raped a 16-year-old girl. He reportedly says: "We have three tank guys here. They raped a girl." A woman's voice interrupts, asking: "Who did?" To which the man replies: "The three tankers. She was 16 years old." The woman can be heard asking if he is talking about Russian soldiers, to which the man responds, "Yep".  A second audio clip opens with a male voice asking another man, "Are you eating okay at least?" In response, a second male voice can be heard saying: "Not too bad. We had Alabay (dog) yesterday." The first voice asks who to which the second replies, "Alabay". Asked whether they are eating dogs, the second man answers: "We have. We wanted some meat."  READ MORE ABOUT THE HOMES FOR UKRAINE SCHEME It prompts the first man to ask: "Why, you have nothing to eat?" His fellow soldier goes on to say that, while they had ready-to-eat meals available, they were sick of them. He then explains that they had done away with all of the chicken and geese. The SSU collects details of alleged Russian war crimes for The Hague via chatbots, hotlines, messenger apps and email.  DON'T MISS: Nigel Farage is set to pocket £16m in Dutch climate investment [REVEALED] Prince Andrew was meant to 'sit with daughters' at memorial [LATEST] How Queen intervened to stop Princess Charlotte from being a 'Lady' [REPORT] Top United Nations human rights official Michelle Bachelet said on Wednesday that Russia may have committed war crimes by killing civilians and destroying hospitals in its attack on Ukrainian cities. She said: "Homes and administrative buildings, hospitals and schools, water stations and electricity systems have not been spared. "Indiscriminate attacks are prohibited under international humanitarian law and may amount to war crimes." Ms Bachelet added that her office had received credible allegations Russian forces had used cluster munitions in populated areas at least 24 times.  Her office was also investigating the alleged use of cluster munitions by Ukraine. Russia has denied using such weapons and targeting civilians since launching its invasion on February 24. It calls the conflict a special operation to disarm and "denazify" its neighbour. But British ambassador Simon Manley said on Wednesday: "It is clear that President Putin is hell-bent on reducing Ukraine's towns and cities to dust."  Yaroslav Eremin, first secretary at Russia's UN mission in Geneva, alleged abuses by Ukraine's forces. He accused them of torturing prisoners, using residents as human shields in Mariupol and killing 21 civilians with cluster munitions in Donetsk. He said: "In publicly available footage near Kharkiv, unarmed Russians have been shot on the kneecaps, they've got plastic bags on their heads, some of them are unconscious. "All these atrocities against civilians were carried out with the use of weaponry supplied by the Western countries."  The SSU published the audio amid growing scepticism about peace negotiations between Moscow and Kyiv. Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky said on Thursday that thousands of people had been killed in Mariupol since Russian forces started laying siege to the port city. Russian forces blitzed a Red Cross building in Mariupol on Wednesday within 24 hours of peace talks aimed at ending the war. The complex, marked with the red cross symbol, was hit by artillery and targeted by warplanes. RIA news agency cited the Russian foreign ministry as saying on Thursday that Moscow would not refuse a meeting between Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and his Ukrainian counterpart Dmytro Kuleba. It reported that any talks would need to be substantive. 