Alison Hammond is a British presenter best known for hosting ITV's This Morning. The star lost an impressive amount of weight by slightly changing her diet and following an "amazing" fitness routine. Alison revealed she weighed 20 stone at her heaviest. The star once admitted she was embarrassed by her size and decided to make a drastic change. A personal trainer helped Alison get started with her weight loss journey by introducing a fitness routine which included weight lifting workouts. In terms of diet, the presenter explained she completely changed her eating habits and opted for healthier meals. READ MORE: Zara Tindall keeps toned figure by avoiding two foods - ‘I don’t diet'  Alison revealed she decided to join the weight loss group Weight Watchers to speed up the process: "This is something I wanted to achieve for a long time and I haven’t managed it on my own, so I went to my local workshop and met my lovely Wellness Coach Andrea and the rest is history! “I’m falling in love with the journey and hope you will support me as much as you can.” She said on social media: “I know this may sound a bit corny but I’m so happy doing @ww.uk as it’s given me the confidence to just embrace myself fully. "I never really liked my face without make-up as I have dark patches but now I’m totally loving myself and falling in love with me while I'm away on holiday.  "I don’t have to have make-up to be beautiful because I’m beautiful full stop. Yes! Please join my crusade of loving yourself!” Alison admitted she opted for healthier meals and increased her fruit, vegetable and water intake. She said: "One [I have changed] is drinking more water. "I didn’t realise that often when I used to snack, it was because I was thirsty. I try to get through at least two litres of water every day now and that makes me feel so much better. "Secondly, I’m doing a bit more exercise. I now have a personal trainer and he’s amazing. I work at my own pace – we do circuits and I absolutely love it," the presenter added. Alison said what motivated her to lose weight was her mother's health battle. The star was diagnosed with a pre-diabetic condition in 2020 and since her late mother suffered from diabetes and died in February 2020 after a battle with liver and lung cancer, the presenter knew she had to drastically change her lifestyle. Alison explained: "I've never had health issues until then. It scared me because my mum had diabetes and I want to be there for my son. "I decided to do something about it. "I go for walks and I cut out sugar. I feel a lot better. I'm not weighing myself, because you feel it in your clothes. "I'm no longer pre-diabetic, and I'm doing really well. "I’ve been doing that for a while now, and you know something? I feel fitter, I feel stronger. I might not look perfect yet, but personally, I’m perfect, full stop!" she said.