Writing on Twitter, former ambassador Christopher Meyer noted that Mr Zelensky "thanked" Boris Johnson, while he "publicly admonished" Germany. Hitting out at "Remainiacs", a term used by some Brexiteers to describe people who do not want to accept the outcome of the EU referendum, Mr Meyer said: "Heaven forbid that I should try to drive a wedge between us and the EU, but it must be pointed out that the Germans were publicly admonished by Zelensky and Boris thanked by name. Frothing (French) Remainiacs gain nothing by trying to be more Ukrainian than the Ukrainians." This came after Mr Zelensky accused Germany of failing to secure peace in Europe in a brutal speech to German politicians in Berlin last week. Referencing the "never again" pledge made after the Holocaust, the Ukrainian President said: "I address all of you who heard politicians say every year 'never again,' but I can see these words are worth nothing. Now, our whole nation is being exterminated in Europe, why? "I address the older people among you who have survived the Second World War, who were rescued during the occupation, who survived Babyn Yar, where President Steinmeier visited last year for the 80th anniversary of the tragedy, and where Russian missiles struck. "It was there that families were killed. Again, 80 years later." He also criticised the German government for its failure to accept Ukraine into NATO, alongside its support for the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, accusing the country of contributing to a new "Berlin Wall", referring to the Soviet rule of East Germany. Conversely, Mr Zelensky thanked UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson in his address to parliament earlier in March. However, he did call for further action from the UK, including imposing a no-fly zone over Ukraine. Speaking through a translator, he said: "We are looking for your help, for the help of Western counties. "We are thankful for this help and I am grateful to you Boris. READ MORE: Zelensky slams Germany after Scholz delays €500m Ukraine support packa "Please increase the pressure of sanctions against this country (Russia) and please recognise this country as a terrorist country. "Please make sure sure that our Ukrainian skies are safe. "Please make sure that you do what needs to be done and what is stipulated by the greatness of your country. "Glory to Ukraine and glory to the United Kingdom." DON'T MISS: Putin humiliated as Biden prepares to use his OWN weapons against him [REVEAL] Threat of nuclear destruction at 40% as Putin could 'kill thousands' [ANALYSIS] Putin betrayal: Xi to decimate Russia into 'Chinese Colony' [INSIGHT] However, Mr Johnson faced controversy earlier this week, when he compared the invasion of Ukraine with the Brexit referendum. Speaking at the Conservative Party Conference, the Prime Minister said: "I know that it's the instinct of the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom, every time. "I can give you a couple of famous recent examples. "When the British people voted for Brexit in such large, large numbers, I don't believe it was because they were remotely hostile to foreigners. "It's because they wanted to be free to do things differently and for this country to be able to run itself." The comments were condemned by the Labour party, alongside some Conservatives and European diplomats. Shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves called for the Prime Minister to apologise, saying: "It is utterly distasteful and insulting to compare the fight for freedom and the aggression of the Russian state to the decision to leave the European Union. "It is insulting to the Ukrainian people who are fighting for their very freedom and their very lives, and it is insulting to the British people as well."