Rio Ferdinand has poured cold water on rumours that he could become a coach at Manchester United if Erik ten Hag gets the manager’s job this summer. Ajax boss Ten Hag is one of the favourites for the role and reports earlier this week said former United players Ferdinand and Robin van Persie were keen to be a part of his coaching set-up at Old Trafford.    Ten Hag is understood to be on a four-man shortlist for the United manager’s job alongside Paris Saint-Germain’s Mauricio Pochettino, Sevilla’s Julen Lopetegui and Spain boss Luis Enrique. United chief executive Richard Arnold, football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher are leading the search for Ralf Rangnick’s replacement. The 52-year-old has won two league and cup doubles with Ajax and is reportedly taking English lessons to improve his chances of landing a job in the Premier League. He has now been formally interviewed by the club, who are hoping to confirm Rangnick’s long-term replacement before the end of the season. Stretty News have claimed that Ten Hag is ‘on the verge’ of getting the job and that Ferdinand and Van Persie could also be hired to bring some experience of the club’s glory days to the new regime and help unify the dressing room. Ferdinand has now rubbished those claims in a brief video for his YouTube channel FIVE. JUST IN: Liverpool ace Mo Salah ‘fixated’ on Xavi and Barcelona amid exit links “I’ve been online and I’m meant to be – I’ve put myself forward – for the assistant manager’s job at Man Utd. I don’t know who gets this mad news,” he said. “When have you pressed the send button and thought that you’re not going to get me to come back and go ‘actually, no I ain’t, what are you chatting about?’ “So whoever has told you that you need to go back to your source and say ‘listen man.’ But if I did go in there – woo – the whip would be getting cracked! Crack that whip. But no, no I’m not, man. I’m not going in there. DON'T MISS Man Utd boss Rangnick pinpoints crucial factor to get Rashford firing Erik ten Hag warned Pochettino has big advantage for Man Utd job Man Utd's reason for delaying Fernandes contract announcement “I’ve got a good relationship with the club. I’ve got a good relationship with people there. I know a lot of the guys playing there, a lot of the guys behind the scenes. You know I love the club. Man United’s my heart, I love it. Grew up at West Ham – love West Ham. Played all my best years at Man Utd – love the club. Kids support the club. “Listen, I ain’t coaching at Man United! You heard it here first. They’re mad lies. Find out who that geezer is man [the reporter]. Can’t lie like that. Getting the fans all hyped thinking I’m coming. I ain’t man, I’m sorry to disappoint you fans. “I’m sorry to disappoint everyone who wanted me to come in to be a coach and put my boots back on, but it just ain’t happening.” 