Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak has said he "can't do everything" after his Spring Statement came in for criticism. Asked whether he may be forced to provide more financial support, Mr Sunak told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme: “Yes. Of course, we’ll have to see where we are by the autumn and it’s right for people to recognise that they are protected between now and the autumn because of the price cap. “I always keep everything under review and the Government – as it’s shown over the past few years – is always responsive to what’s happening.“But I would say with energy prices, they are very volatile. And I don’t think you, I or anyone else has any certainty about what will happen in October right now.” Inflation reached a 30-year high of 6.2 percent in February, and the Bank of England believes it could surpass seven percent before the end of the year. Despite this, the state pension will only increase by 3.1 percent and universal credit will only see a three percent boost. Dr Aveek Bhattacharya, Chief Economist at the Social Market Foundation, said in a statement yesterday that the current economic situation is comparable to the "worst recessions". He said: “The Spring Statement failed to measure up to the hardship in store for the poorest families, who face deep economic pain unless further action is taken. "The hit to living standards is set to be on a similar scale to the worst recessions, but the Chancellor’s response was far from the adaptable ‘whatever it takes’ approach he took to the pandemic response. "The changes to national insurance and cuts to fuel duty will help some households, but do much less for the poorest and more vulnerable. The £500million added to the Household Support Fund is far too little." Today Mr Sunak has defended his Spring Statement once again. The Chancellor today attempted to deflect criticism of his statement, telling Sky News: "Whilst I can’t solve every problem, and I have always been honest with people about that, I can make a difference, of course that is what I want to do and I think the plan that we announced yesterday will do exactly that and support hard working British families." READ MORE: 'All over the place!' Andrew Neil in blistering shut down of Rishi Sunak In the House of Commons yesterday, Shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves took aim at Mr Sunak and his economic policy. The Labour frontbencher accused him of delivering "increasingly incredible claims", telling MPs: "Perhaps the Chancellor has been taking inspiration from the characters of Alice in Wonderland - or should I say Alice in Sunak-land - because nothing here is quite as it seems either. "It's the sort of place where a Chancellor celebrates giving people £200 to help them with their spiralling energy bills before explaining he needs it all back. DON'T MISS Jacob Rees-Mogg pinpoints major Brexit win in Rishi's plan [INSIGHT] Have your say: Are you angry Rishi ignored pensioners in budget? [ANALYSIS] Sunak rattled as BBC host confronts him on Spring Statement flaws [INSIGHT] "In Sunak-land, the Chancellor claims 'I believe in lower taxes' while at the same time as hiking Alice's national insurance contributions. "So Alice asks the Chancellor 'when did lower taxes mean higher taxes, has down really become the new up?'". The UK is facing its biggest drop in living standards on record as wages fail to keep pace with rising prices. Soaring energy prices could push inflation to a 40-year high of 8.7 percent in the final three months of 2022, the Office for Budget Responsibility said. Rising prices and tax hikes mean living standards will not recover to their pre-pandemic level until 2024-25, the Government forecaster added.