Gatwick Airport has reopened its South Terminal, with a number of airlines now moving operations there. Among the airlines is British Airways, which has launched its new low-cost subsidiary. From March 29, the airline will operate a standalone business with 34 European routes set to fly. The airline will operate under the British Airways name but will exist as an "entirely separate entity" much like its operations out of London City Airport, the firm said. By Autumn 2022 the organisation will be managed separately under the company trading name ‘BA Euroflyer’, consistent with its sister subsidiary ‘BA CityFlyer'. Most of British Airways' short-haul flights from the West Sussex airport have been suspended since March 2020 due to the coronavirus pandemic, though some of the routes were moved to Heathrow Airport. READ MORE: Row erupts in Derbyshire over holiday homes - sewage and parties New routes will span the likes of Amsterdam in the Netherlands, Larnaca in Cyprus and Nice in France. Speaking in December, when the new subsidiary was announced, Sean Doyle, British Airways' chairman and CEO said: "The creation of a new British Airways short-haul organisation means Gatwick customers will benefit from access to a premium service from the UK’s flag carrier at competitive prices. "We are looking forward to bringing a short-haul network back to Gatwick, with a fantastic flying team in place, to serve our customers from London’s second hub airport, which we feel sure will be a success.” Gatwick Airport's CEO Stewart Wingate described the move as "significant" and a "positive signal" of growing customer demand. DON'T MISSBahamas holiday: Where to stay in the paradise destination [INSIGHT]Spain holidays: 5 'hidden costs' to be aware of [EXPLAINER]The surprising laws British tourists should watch out for in Spain [REVEALED] Customers travelling on the new routes will receive the same service that British Airways typically operates, as well as "a generous baggage allowance, free water and snacks, free seat selection at [online check-in] less than 24 hours and frequent flyer benefits which include lounge access." Tickets went on sale in December with some routes starting from £39 each way. Here is a list of all of the new routes British Airways is set to offer and the start date for each: