(See Judy's column here) But there is no room for another kind of recklessly upbeat response: Wishful Thinking Syndrome (WTS). WTS is dangerous because it blinds us to reality. The first manifestation of WTS is the delusion that, somehow, wiser heads in the Kremlin will prevail andVladimir Putin will be deposed. He won't. There's no one powerful enough to wield the knife. Putin is surrounded by multiple layers of security; highly-trained and highly-paid thugs whose sole purpose is to protect the "Dear Leader".A significant chunk of state expenditure is allocated for this: enormous armed convoys to chauffeur the president wherever he goes; platoons of gun-toting guards at his front, rear and sides at all times.These men are effectively paid in dollars and receive huge personal perks from Putin.They will be among the very last to turn against him. The guy is untouchable. Just look at the crumpled expressions on the faces of his inner cabinet as he toyed with them in front of the TV cameras and challenged them to dare to disagree with him.You did not need a body language expert to confirm the blindingly obvious - they're terrified of the man. The second WTS fantasy is that the Russian masses will somehow rise up against their president because, as Adolf Hitler did in Germany 80-odd years ago, he's leading his people into catastrophe. On the contrary - Putin's ratings are UP; by around 15 percent in the last week alone. Ordinary Russians have swallowed his lies about Ukraine hook, line and sinker. They genuinely believe he is liberating a Nazi-oppressed neighbour, both for its own good and for theirs.The Kremlin has total control of state media and, most importantly, state television. As Joseph Goebbels said, tell a lie often enough and eventually it becomes the truth. Putin has created his own truth out of a web of outrageous falsehoods. On a purely professional level, Goebbels would have been lost in admiration. WTS part three? That Putin is dying, and so will shortly cease to be a factor in the world's worst security crisis since Cuba in 1962. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Yes, he looks puffy and ill.Yes, he rambles.Yes, he talks historical nonsense and yes, he displays the telltale signs of psychosis, paranoia and psychopathy. But he remains totally in charge. Physically and mentally ill he may be, but he is not weakened. At his word, and his alone, 200,000 troops invaded a huge and well-armed neighbour. However reluctantly, they obeyed. WTS allowed us to believe that Putin's military build-up on Ukraine's borders was a bluff. It wasn't. It was exactly what it looked like. In the dangerous days and weeks ahead, it's essential we see things exactly as they are - not as we'd like them to be.