The Great Celebrity Bake Off is back on Channel 4 this week and a whole host of stars have signed up to raise funds for Stand Up To Cancer. They will be taking to the famous tent to tackle classic challenges including the technical and showstopper tasks. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. Comedian and Taskmaster figurehead Alex Horne will be entering the tent this year. He is also the leader of The Horne Section, a comedic band, and runs the band's podcast of the same name. The star is not afraid of pressure as he has previously taken part in Countdown.  Radio DJ Annie Mac will be showing off her creative talents in the Bake Off tent. The Irish star is best known for hosting primetime slots on BBC Radio 1. She is married to fellow musician Toddla T and is a mother of two.  Ben Miller is an English actor best known for Armstrong and Miller. He has also received plenty of praise for his role as DI Richard Poole in Death in Paradise. The star is on Instagram and he shared a clip of himself in the Bake Off tent. He said: "Mission accepted: help raise some dough for @su2cuk." In the video, he was seen holding whisked egg whites over his head.  Ruby Wax is an American-British actress and comedian who is known for her hosting a number of her own talk shows. She also worked as a scriptwriter on Absolutely Fabulous. The star is a mental health advocate and was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 2015. The TV personality and mental health campaigner has three children. READ MORE: Bake Off's Paul Hollywood opens up on Matt Lucas' 'nerves' Blake Harrison is a 36-year-old actor best known for playing Neil Sutherland in The Inbetweeners. The star is a married father-of-two and he is currently starring in the ITV series, Kate and Koji. On Instagram, he said: "Very pleased to help out a fantastic cause like SU2C by potentially poisoning @paul.hollywood & the rest of the bake off team. Hold on to your aprons!"  Radio DJ Clara Amfo will be showing off her baking skills in front of Prue Leith and Paul Hollywood. The BBC Radio 1 host is known for taking on fierce competition as she competed in the BBC's Strictly Come Dancing. On Instagram, she said: "Couldn’t resist an extra slice! ⁣"I know three incredible people who are currently in treatment for various cancers, all at different stages and I have absolutely been reminded and continually educated on the fact that this disease does NOT discriminate." ⁣ Comedian Ed Gamble will be trying to impress the judges along with Matt Lucas and Noel Fielding. The 36-year-old is known for presenting The Peacock and Gamble Podcast and regularly features on Mock the Week. Speaking of his time in the Bake Off tent he said on Instagram: "As long as I don’t become a meme, I’ll be happy."  Sophie Morgan is a TV presenter and disability advocate who covered the Summer Paralympics in Tokyo. The star suffered a spinal cord injury following a crash in 2003 and was paralysed from the chest down. Ellie Goulding is a 35-year-old musician who has won a whole host of awards for her music. She is married to Caspar Jopling and is a mother of one.  Emma Willis is a TV presenter and former model who is known for hosting The One Show and Big Brother. She has worked with the likes of Channel 5, BBC, ITV and Heart FM. The star is married to Busted singer Matt Willis and they have three children. Example, otherwise known as Elliot John Gleave, is a songwriter and rapper. The 39-year-old decided on his stage name as his initials are EG. Tracy-Ann Oberman is a 55-year-old TV actress and radio star who played Chrissie Watts in EastEnders. Her other notable roles include Auntie Val in Friday Night Dinner and Mrs Purchase in Toast of London. She is also known for narrating Escape to the Chateau. DON'T MISS... Emma Willis details frantic call from husband Matt's best man [INSIGHT] Emma Willis' husband Matt talks 'difficulty' touring away from family [INTERVIEW] Death in Paradise star speaks out on Ben Miller’s exit [INSIGHT] Gareth Malone is a choirmaster and broadcaster who is known for his role on the TV series The Choir. The musician was also a judge on Pitch Battle and has appeared on a number of panel shows including Never Mind The Buzzcocks.  Katherine Kelly is a 42-year-old actress and presenter known for her role in Last of the Summer Wine. She also played Becky McDonald in Coronation Street, for which she won plenty of awards.  Laura Whitmore is an Irish model and presenter known for presenting reality shows, most notably Love Island. The 36-year-old is married to Iain Stirling and she has one child. Mawaan Rizwan is an actor and comedian who launched his career as a YouTuber. The 29-year-old is no stranger to competition as he took part in the 2020 series of Taskmaster. He has previously starred in Vera, Two Weeks to Live and Next of Kin.  Mo Farah, 38, is hailed as the most successful British track athlete in modern Olympic Games history. Marking his victories with the 'Mobot', he is hoping to come out on top in the Bake Off Tent. The star pushes himself to the limit in every situation, having recently starred on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!  Motsi Mabuse is a 40-year-old professional dancer known for being one of the judges on Strictly Come Dancing. She has also appeared on the German version of the talent and entertainment show. Her sister Oti recently announced she was leaving Strictly as a professional dancer to pursue other avenues.  Yung Filly, otherwise known as Andres Felipé Barrientos, is a musician and comedian. He started off his career as a YouTuber, working with fellow streaming star Chunkz.  The Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up To Cancer airs on Tuesday on Channel 4 at 8pm.