Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William are the future of the monarchy; while Prince Charles is next in line to take the throne, the Duke of Cambridge will soon be eyeing up the top job as well. The couple are well loved, both across the UK and the world, and are renowned for abiding by royal traditions but also for starting to inject some of their modern ways. But during one royal tour in which the couple travelled across Britain by train, photos were widely published ahead of the trip which showed two separate bedrooms. Kate and Prince William may have slept apart during the three-day tour but do they also have separate bedrooms at home? The Queen and Prince Philip may have lived apart for many of the final years of his life, with the Duke of Ebinburgh spending time at the Sandringham Estate for his retirement while the Queen carried on duties from Buckingham Palace. But whenever the two were in the same residence, such as when they both moved into Windsor Castle during the coronavirus pandemic, they were known to have separate bedrooms, in keeping with an old aristocratic custom. In high society, it is not uncommon for married couples to sleep apart and seems to be a rule the Queen fervently stuck to. READ MORE: Harry mocked over decision on UK return  However, this tradition is likely to have been overlooked by William and Kate who are of a different generation. During term time, the couple are based in a four-storey apartment at Kensington Palace with their three children - Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince Louis, three. Kensington Palace is a practical base as not only is it William and Kate's administrative office, but it is also a short drive from George and Charlotte's school, Thomas's Battersea. Apartment 1A has two master bedrooms on the ground floor but while the option is there for them to sleep separately, Kate and William are understood to share a bedroom. In 2013, the couple were reported to have purchased a special bed following their move from Anglesey, where William was serving in the RAF, to Kensington Palace in London.   At the time the Daily Mail reported the Cambridges missed the bed they had in their rented home in Wales. According to the publication the couple tracked down and purchased the exact same model from Healthbeds to have at their new London home. The Mail reported: “The bed in question is called Natural Choice 4500 and boasts of ‘sumptuous cashmere, silk, cotton and wool fillings,'” A Healthbeds representative said: “It’s an unusual order because the bed is bespoke and had to be enshrined in a four-poster setting.”  The Royal Train is used by members of the Royal Family sometimes during visits around the UK. During their three-day whistlestop tour of the UK in 2021, however, Kate and William slept in separate beds on the train. The Royal Train's suite had “his and hers” single beds. Other features include a private bathtub and a 12-seat dining room - complete with a Formica table. There was a room on board for the royals to work in and a kitchen, where staff would prepare meals. Kate and William's tour was held to thank frontline workers across Britain for their contribution during the COVID-19 pandemic. A Kensington Palace spokesman said at the time: "The Duke and Duchess are very much looking forward to shining a spotlight on the incredible work that has been done across the country throughout this difficult year." 