But lurking on the computer’s back-end, was not only the inevitable slew of eavesdropping marketing agencies, malvertsing campaigns and digital analytics firms. Implanted within the comments thread was Malware known as ‘Turla’ which directed users onto other sites, whereby victims would be further tracked and device command and control credentials hijacked. Turla, a Russian-language Advanced Persistent Threat (APT) group was first spotted by cyber investigators during 2007 and has been behind some of the most advanced attacks in recent years. According to Bleeping Computing’s Catilin Cimpanu, Turla APT became most notorious for hacking and hijacking communications satellites, to spy on targets in remote areas. Given that APT’s sole attention focuses upon western targets, its coding is Cyrillic Russian, and that its encryption patterns and source locations are identical to other known Russia-state-backed cyber-attacks, Turla is widely viewed by threat intelligence analysts as a ‘plausibly deniable’ tool of Russia’s highly-active military intelligence (GRU) cyber warfare units. Given the patience and stealth of Turla (another sign of state-sponsorship) it has taken almost a decade and a half of investigations and indictments to connect the dots. Beyond entertainment domains, digital forensic evidence is now emerging that significant volumes of ‘political’ social media is actually posted by state-sponsored proxies to stoke up social division and plunge opposing civil society groups into violent confrontation. Located at a pastel-coloured detached bungalow in Accra, Ghana, the clattering of a fifteen or so keyboards were often interspersed with commands from a Ghanian line-manager (identified as one Seth Wiredu) who made evening phone-calls in Russian, reporting back to his controllers. A similar operation functioned out of Lagos, Nigeria, until 2020. In Ghana’s troll factory the task was to support the more extreme elements of Black Lives Matter’s digital campaigns. Presumably, the goal being to provoke increasingly polarized US communities into full-scale socio-ethnic firestorms. Underneath a very old photo of two white police officers searching an African-American youth, one Ghanaian troll (@africamustwake) comments on Facebook: "America's descent into a fascist police state continues." The post is deliberately linked to hard-left US blogs and continues: "Someone needs to take that [Republican] Senator out."  Twitter messaging, ramped up at after-work times, most effective for US audiences, went even further: @africamustwake tweeted: "YOU POLICE BEEN KILLING BLACKS SINCE YA RAGGEDY MOMMAS GAVE BIRTH TO U. HAPPY MLK DAY TO U HYPOCRITES." Internet Service Providers and Ghanaian security services completed the investigation. They concluded that the bungalow-compound troll factory was line-managed and funded by the ‘Internet Research Agency’ (IRA) based in St. Petersburg, Russia. According to a February 2022 US Congressional Research Service briefing paper, the IRA is a “private organization funded by Kremlin-connected oligarch, Yevgeniy Prighozin.” Its central purpose is to spread “disinformation by impersonating domestic activists and people, primarily through various social media channels.” Kremlin affiliates were caught red-handed deploying call-centre-type resources into generating and fanning highly-provocative fake news. Another demonstration of Cold War via computers was directed at the front-line of NATO’s military alliance; designed to shake political and societal confidence. Dubbed ‘Operation Ghostwriter’ by investigators, a fake news article appeared on the blog of a prominent Lithuanian journalist carrying the title ‘NATO withdraws troops from Lithuania’ back in April 2020. This piece was immediately distributed on marginal websites using anonymous online personas with Latvian and Lithuanian sounding names. Forged BlogSpot and YouTube channels were also created under the journalist’s name.  Around the same time a forged letter in the name of NATO Secretary General, Jens Stoltenberg, was sent from spoofed emails to the Lithuanian Ministry of Defence, government departments, and Lithuania’s media. This fabricated letter then became published on YouTube under a fake persona (‘Nikolas Ratas’) and ran synchronously upon the Baltic World news website. Soon the ‘fake’ news became ‘real’ news, appearing on high-audience publications and sites. The preeminent international German media outlet Die Welt published an article ‘How Covid-19 is destabilizing NATO’s Eastern Flank’. While Kremlin-funded Russia Today (RT) broadcast the story but failed to mention that Mr. Stoltenberg’s letter was a forgery. These are just snippets of activity within an overall framework of electronic warfare pitted against NATO countries and Russia’s near-abroad. Some designed to wreck our technical infrastructure. The rest designed to play with our minds. From the exfiltration of Yahoo Mail’s entire email repository, to threatening US military wives and families with direct social media messages (deploying an ISIS ‘Cyber Calpihate’ false flag), the big question is why President Putin’s government would fund, sanction and/or tolerate such activity? The answer is buried deep within the bowels of Russia’s highly-assertive military intelligence doctrine. Perhaps not coincidentally, Russian spooks’ concept of ‘Information Confrontation’ with the West hardened as Vladimir Putin first acceded to Russia’s presidency in May 2000.  Inherited from the dominant Soviet Cold War military/KGB propaganda concept of ‘Maskirovka’ – concealment and deception, the idea is supposedly to weaken physical and emotional resolve by tying the victim’s mind up in knots. Misinformation (inaccurate) and disinformation (deliberate lies) – pedaled proactively by state agencies and their ‘deniable’ proxies - are the tools of this trade. Unlike open, globalized, Western cultures, much of Russia’s present Kremlin perceives the ‘information space’ as territorial and compartmentalized. This rather insular worldview asserts that Russia’s own backyard should be regarded as ‘cyber territory’. Taken to its full, paranoid, logic, a hypothesis has therefore emerged within Russian agencies that their ‘territory’ or ‘information space’ is continuously violated by Western propaganda. Russia’s government agencies and military are, thus, entirely comfortable with the notion of ‘information weaponization’. This means marching onto the offensive in cyberspace. To sow discontent or disrupt services within the many countries it views as hostile or insufficiently compliant.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea An ex-KGB Lieutenant Colonel when the Soviet Union crumbled, President Putin has personally led his government’s strategy to dominate the ‘information space’. The next time you are enticed to click on a celebrity link, think carefully. It may not be the advertising agencies behind Britney Spears monitoring you. But another group, entirely less entertaining. Richard Bingley is director at the cyber threat intelligence forum, CSARN and author of several security books including ‘Terrorism: Just The Facts’. His new book ‘Cyber Terrorism’ is published later in 2022. 