Celebrity chefs Gordon Ramsay and Marco Pierre White seemingly ended their 30-year feud last year when they agreed to work on the Kitchen Nightmares star’s new reality series, Next Level Chef. Speaking to Vernon Kay on BBC Radio 2 on Wednesday morning, the restaurateur admitted there are still some things about his mentor which get on his nerves. After working together for 15 years, Gordon and Marco reportedly fell out when the Hell’s Kitchen presenter left to work on his own solo ventures. Marco allegedly made his student cry during his training, and their feud reached breaking point when Gordon crashed his teacher’s wedding with a film crew in 2000. Their long-standing feud apparently came to an end when Gordon reached out during the Covid lockdown and apologised. However, it appears London’s revolutionary chef still thinks of Gordon as his younger student. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role Gordon revealed he recently had a phone call with Marco to try and set up lunch together as he told Vernon: “I spoke to Marco last week, he phoned me. “He still calls me “boy”. I’m like, ‘Marco, it’s Gordon.' ‘Hello boy, how are you?’ “He said, ‘Are you ready for lunch? Where are you?’ I said, ‘I’m in London.’ “He said, ‘Come down for lunch now. We’ll have lunch, boy.’” Although the two foodies are now on good terms, Gordon, 55, had to remind Marco he’s not a trainee chef anymore. “‘Marco, I’m in my 50s now,’” Gordon recalled. “‘You can’t keep on calling me boy!’” Vernon chuckled and prompted his guest to delve deeper into where things stand between Gordon and his former boss. Thankfully, the cooking star confirmed their friendship is still intact, despite Marco’s insistence on using his former student’s nickname from their training days. DON'T MISS:New Amsterdam hiatus: Fans furious as season 4 off-air [REACTION]NCIS LA season 13: Marty and Kensi reunite with returning agent [INSIGHT]Upload season 2: Real reason for Ingrid’s lie exposed [INTERVIEW] “It’s great,” Gordon confirmed. “I mean, he just turned 60. “Everybody falls out somewhere down the line. It’s just how you make up. That’s the most important thing. “So, I’ve got so much respect for that man. He gave me so much at such a young age, and is still a guiding light.” Gordon also revealed Marco is constantly checking in with his mother, Helen, with whom he has a close relationship. He recalled: “The first thing he ever does, always, on the phone, is ‘How’s mum? “‘Give me a number, I need to text her. Does she need anything?’ So, the man’s a genius.” In the States, Marco is currently working as a mentor on Gordon’s next competition series, Next Level Chef. Meanwhile, Gordon is returning to UK screens next Thursday for Future Food Stars to challenge 12 food entrepreneurs for a chance of a £150,000 investment in their business. The Zoe Ball Show airs from 6:30am on BBC Radio 2. Future Food Stars starts Thursday, March 31 at 9pm on BBC One.