Lawn growth slows down over the winter months, with mowing stopping altogether. As the weather gets warmer, the lawn will need to be mowed more frequently. According to Monty Don, Britons should mow their lawn this month. Writing in his latest blog post, the expert shared a variety of different jobs to get done in the garden this month, including seeing to the grass. Monty wrote: “The grass will need mowing in March but do not cut it too short. “Just give it a light trim for the rest of this month. This will encourage good root growth and as a result the grass will be a lot healthier and be able to resist summer drought. “To get a good lawn you have to think positively. Put your efforts into healthy grass rather than fighting perceived problems like daisies, moss, ants, worm-casts, moles, plantains, dandelions and fairy rings. READ MORE: When to plant new potatoes - Best time for tasty harvest “Nine times out of 10 if the grass is healthy, then everything else will look after itself.” The gardening expert explained that the best grass likes very well drained soil. For those with moss on their lawn, this is “always” a sign of poor drainage, according to Monty. He added: “Unfortunately even the best prepared soil becomes compacted by matted roots, rain and, especially, normal family use. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share tumble dryer ice cube tip to stop creasing [COMMENT]‘Ideal’ vegetables to start sowing indoors now for tasty summer crop [EXPERT]Property: ‘Inexpensive’ ways to enhance the kerb appeal of your home [INSIGHT] “The answer is to work on it at least once a year by sticking a fork in the ground and wiggling it about and repeating the process every six incase or so. “Then mix up equal portions of sieved topsoil, sharp sand and sieved lead mould or compost. “If you do not have these things to hand then just sharp or silver sand will do the job.” Monty recommended spreading it across the pricked area and then brushing it with a broom, which will fill the holes with the mixture. This will help to improve drainage as well as feed the grass. The expert continued: “It is also worth giving the lawn a good scratch with a wire rake. “This will get at all the overwintering thatch and moss, and let light and water get to the soil and to the roots of the grass. “Put the debris on the compost and then mow.” As well as cutting the grass, Monty explained that the beginning of March is the best time to prune any shrubs and climbers that flower on new growth. This includes clematis, roses and buddleia. He wrote: “I like to do this when I start to see new shoots appearing but resist the temptation to do so if there is a mild February as the subsequent growth can be nipped back by a late frost. “Shrubs such as Cornus, Willow and Sambucus can also be cut back hard to encourage fresh shoots whose bark will glow with extra bright colour next winter.”