Mr Halligan explained that the Government are set to move towards more nuclear and North Sea energy producers. The business and economic editor also spoke of the Government's delay in producing a clear strategy. Last week Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak published plans for planned tax cuts, but many Brits feel he is not doing enough to save them from plundering into poverty.  Mr Halligan told GB News: "And so the Government said it's going to be moving towards more nuclear, towards more North Sea oil and gas. "And when I interview Kwasi Kwarteng, the business and energy secretary just a couple of weeks ago, he told me on no uncertain terms that the energy strategy with security review would be coming out, like now! This week. "Just after the Spring Statement and now it's been delayed again, and that's because there are very serious negotiations going on within Government. "And the main tension that I'm hearing about Isabel, is the tension between wanting to help households, particularly on those household utility bills which we know are going up, unfortunately. JUST IN: Boy found in hunt for student who vanished after night out with friends Mr Halligan added: "From April onwards, on the one hand, and on the other hand, the so-called net-zero agenda. "Wanting to focus on renewables which are more longterm, so there is a lot of tension within Government. "You'll remember her COP26 summit last autumn, where there was all that chest-beating about wanting to hit those net-zero targets. "It now seems that the emphasis should be on energy security, rather than on what some people will call environmental virtue signalling. "But that environmental emphasis does still have huge numbers of supporters within Government, not lease the Prime Minister  himself and I think that's where the tension can be found." READ MORE: 'Very insulting!' Solomon Islands PM dismisses criticism against China amid security talks     Chancellor of the Exchequer spoke with the Treasury Select Committee about the estimated costs of energy pricing ranging from £2,500 to £3,500. Many Britons have already been affected by the cost of living rise, now they are set to plunge further into poverty as energy prices double and the national insurance increase is now set to take more of their funds next month. Mr Sunak said: “None of us know what the price cap is going to be in the autumn. That is incredibly volatile. “We will continue to monitor the situation and, as we know more, are prepared to act if necessary. “It is very difficult to sit here today and speculate on what happens to energy prices, the biggest impact on living standards, in the autumn.”  DON’T MISS: Russian commander ‘shoots himself’ after discovering 90% tanks failing, Ukraine saysDartmoor wildfires tackled by 60 firefighters as ‘mass evacuation’ carried out overnightDriver refusing to pay 'cowboy' council's Clean Air Zone fines despite bailiffs threat Ali Seddiki a giant in renewable energy, told Express.co.uk that there is “huge potential” for Morocco to begin supplying its renewable resources to the UK to help with the price hike.  “The quality of wind and solar combined is among the best in the world..that is a huge opportunity for all countries that are willing to implement a carbon neutral strategy. “37 percent of our energy mix comes from renewable energy and our target is to reach 52 percent by 2030. “We will keep on investing so that will definitely translate to opportunities for players in the UK who are interested.” 