Oti Mabuse, 31, has been left heartbroken by the death of her niece, Tlhogi at just 28. The former Strictly Come Dancing pro took to Instagram to share a series of snaps along with a heartbreaking message about her "beloved" niece. Oti shared a string of five pictures of the pair together, along with pictures with her family. In the first pictures, Oti can be seen posing for a selfie with her cousin, kissing her cheek. She also includes a car selfie, and pictures of her niece sitting with the Mabuse family at dinner. The dancing pro captioned the heartbreaking post in view of her 644,000 followers: "How is this the last time I would hold you in my arms. READ MORE: 'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase "I am so shattered inside I can’t even begin to describe the pain. "This is not how this was supposed to go. We had plans together, travel the world and dance on a beach in Jamaica for my birthday. "I used to fetch you everyday from crèche, swimming, chess since we were 8." She continued: "You were only 28 yet the kindest, sweetest human being in my life! I’ve lost my niece, my little sister, my best friend. "Life dealt you the harshest card but you always chose to win, you always fought to come out the other side above it all with a smile on your face. "I love you very much with all my heart and now you’re gone and I feel lost in more ways than one to a pain I’ve never felt before. "I’m still calling you and texting you trying to understand - how? Why? May you rest in peace and power." Friends and social media users alike took to the posts comments to share their condolences. DON'T MISS... Lily Allen goes braless in completely sheer white dress at GEM Awards [PICTURES] James Martin hits back at claims of ‘backstabbers’ amid celeb chefs [COMMENT] 'Shoot anything that f******g moved!' Noel Gallagher on WW3 fear [OPINION] Dianne Bushwell penned: "I'm so sorry for your loss Oti xxxx. Sending lots of love." Karen Hauer added: "Love you. Sending all the love to you and your family." Singer Alexandra Burke commented: "Sending you love my darling. I'm so sorry for your loss xxx." Oti joined Strictly in 2015 on the thirteenth series of the show and was partnered with Olympic boxer Anthony Ogogo. Since then she has been partnered with Jack Ashton, Tom Chambers, Danny Mac, Jonnie Peacock, Graeme Swann, Kelvin Fletcher, and Bill Bailey. Oti was the only professional on the show to lift the glitterball for two years consecutively with Bill and Kelvin. She announced her departure from the show last month after seven years. At the moment she is a judge on Dancing on Ice. Grief can be overwhelming and you don't have to deal with it alone. Visit Cruse Bearavement Support for advice or call 0808 808 1677.