Describing Putin as having "lost both his legs" and an "injured lion", chemical weapons expert and former army officer Hamish De Bretton-Gordon told Express.co.uk that the Russian President had "absolutely underestimated his enemy" in the war against Ukraine. He claimed that his army was "badly prepared", noting reports of a lack of ammunition, fuel and supplies. This, he said, means that Putin is now "facing strategic defeat militarily". However, Mr De Bretton-Gordon, who is currently training Ukrainians on how to survive chemical weapons, said that this vulnerability makes Putin "very, very dangerous", as he is likely to turn to irregular weapons, such as nuclear or chemical, in order to secure victory. This comes as Russian military casualties appear to be much higher than Ukrainian casualties. The Ukrainian Army has estimated that 15,600 Russian soldiers have been killed in the fighting so far. This figure would mean that more Russian soldiers have died in around a month of fighting than those that were killed during the Soviet-Afghan War, which lasted for a decade. Between 2,000 and 4,000 Ukrainian soldiers are believed to have been killed, according to US estimates. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr De Bretton-Gordon said: "[Putin] is an injured lion. "He's lost both legs and he's thrashing about - so very, very dangerous at the moment I think. "He's absolutely underestimated his enemy, which is the worst thing a commander can do. "I think he thought Ukrainians would capitulate very quickly and he thought the west wouldn't get involved and wouldn't be united. READ MORE: Putin warned military 'f*** up' will leave Russia defenceless "Secondly - his army is also just badly prepared - tanks running out of fuel, food. Not enough ammunition. "That is really terrible. "He's got it wrong, and it's very difficult to come back from that." Criticising Russian tactics, Mr De Bretton-Gordon said: "What they aren't doing is the basics - the basic platoon-level fighting, the integration required between infantry and tanks. DON'T MISS: Putin humiliated as Biden prepares to use his OWN weapons against him [INSIGHT] Putin betrayal: Xi to decimate Russia into 'Chinese Colony' [REVEAL] Boris and Biden's master plan to cripple Putin with £1.1tn blow [ANALYSIS] "Our doctrine says that infantry and tanks must fight together. "The Russians aren't doing that - that's why all their tanks are being knocked out, because there is nobody to protect them. "These are top of the range tanks but they're being knocked out really easily. "Morale must be absolutely shocking for these people. "It's a whole host of things which is why I think it's so dangerous at the moment." Mr De Bretton-Gordon also compared the situation in Ukraine to the situation in Syria, where chemical weapons were used repeatedly by the government of President Bashar al-Assad. He said: "He is facing strategic defeat militarily, and the only way to get out of that is to open the Syrian playbook, which is why my views on chemical, incendiary and nuclear weapons are actually realistic now rather than some dreadful nightmare." Mr De Bretton-Gordon has recently published the final chapter of his book 'How to Survive a Chemical or Biological Attack' for free online, in order to help Ukrainian citizens understand how to keep themselves safe.