Eamonn Holmes was joined on GB News by co-star Isabel Webster and author and columnist Kate Wills to discuss chivalry and feminism after Will Smith defended his wife's honour by smacking a Hollywood star. Eamonn wanted to know if he was wrong for wanting to hold open doors for females and if the shoe was on the other foot, would his feelings count?  GB News has been covering the recent Oscars' altercation heavily, with many guest experts chiming in on the event. Chris Rock's G.I Jane joking went too far with actress Jada Pinkett Smith as she is currently battling alopecia. In the heat of the moment, Oscar-winner Will walked on stage and hit the comedian live on TV. Discussing the matter on GB News, Eamonn revealed: "My wife [Ruth Langsford] had a row with me this morning because she said 'I treated her like a child.'" Read More: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the village as clue dropped    The morning host wanted to get the panel's input on what he said and if his feelings were valid. He added: "She helped me with something, and I said, 'Good girl, thanks for that,' and she went ballistic." Kate replied: "Good girl! She's not a girl Eamonn - she's a woman." Chiming over continued, he said: "That's what she said."   "Well there you go!" Kate agreed with Ruth. Isabel wanted to turn the matter "on its head" and said that she would defend her husband and react "emotionally" probably if he or her family was under threat. The 62-year-old asked: "So is that not sexist?" This opened the topic of conversation on sexism and what is right or wrong to do when it comes to your family and loved ones. DON’T MISS…'No room for mistakes' Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [LATEST]Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? [LATEST]Laura Kuenssberg replaces Andrew Marr on Sunday Morning show 'It's an honour' [LATEST]   Isabel ended with "no one can question his emotional response to his wife being humiliated" but he went about replying in the wrong way. Debating if you should offer to help a lady with her bags or walk on the outside of the road, Kate described: "I think it's great to offer to help people in that way. "But men and women should offer to help each other." Eamonn completed his point with: "And that's why my wife was helping me with something this morning, and I had to wake her up to do it. "And it's sort of an Irish phrase to say, 'Good girl, that's brilliant,' she went mad."    