Mauricio Pochettino is 'waiting to hear back' from Manchester United after holding discussions with the club's football director John Murtough several weeks ago, according to reports. The Red Devils are now starting to ramp up their intensive search for a new manager following the club's frustrating elimination from the Champions League at the hands of Atletico Madrid. The bitterly disappointing result marked yet another trophyless season for United, who last collected silverware back in 2017 under Jose Mourinho. Now the board want to fast-track their plans for the 2022/23 season so they can attack the summer transfer market with full throttle, in a bid to close the gap on Manchester City and Liverpool. Erik ten Hag - Pochettino's main rival for the job - has already been interviewed by United chiefs. The Dutchman is said to have spoken with Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher on Monday, impressing them both with his philosophy and vision. READ MORE: Man Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land Chelsea star Antonio Rudiger Yet it has now emerged that Pochettino has also held talks with United - although he is still waiting to be interviewed for the managerial job. The Mail claim Pochettino and Murtough held discussions several weeks ago and that the Argentine is still waiting to hear back from United following the conversations. It's also claimed that other candidates have been spoken to about the role with interim boss Ralf Rangnick set to move upstairs into a consultancy position following his stint in the dug-out. Pochettino appears to be on borrowed time at Paris Saint-Germain following their embarrassing Champions League exit to Real Madrid - a tie which his side led 2-0 on aggregate. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land Chelsea star Antonio RudigerArsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks heldErik ten Hag's first two Man Utd signings should follow him from Ajax  Although PSG have decided against sacking their manager during the international break after the 3-0 defeat at Monaco, Pochettino could be axed if results don't pick up quickly. PSG have now lost four of their last six matches in all competitions and all of their last four away games. Although United are adamant there is no frontrunner for the job, Ten Hag is seemingly at the front of the queue and is a popular choice among supporters. He has been perfecting his English in his spare time away from life at Ajax this season. Ten Hag, who signed a new contract with the Amsterdam club last summer amid interest from Tottenham, is reportedly a target for two other clubs. There is even talk the 52-year-old tactician has another offer on the table elsewhere. Sevilla boss Julen Lopetegui is also expected to be interviewed for the position, while Luis Enrique remains committed to the Qatar World Cup with Spain. United are hoping to confirm their manager before the end of the season and preferably, in the coming weeks...