Donald Trump's spokesperson issued a statement yesterday following reports a lawyer in New York quit his post after alleging in his resignation letter the 45th President is "guilty of numerous felonies". Mark Pomerantz, an ex-mafia prosecutor, resigned from his role after Manhattan's district attorney Alvin Bragg stopped short of indicting Mr Trump in a criminal investigation into the ex-POTUS' business dealings. In his resignation letter, which has been seen by the New York Times, Mr Pomerantz said: "I believe that Donald Trump is guilty of numerous felony violations of the Penal Law in connection with the preparation and use of his annual Statements of Financial Condition. "His financial statements were false, and he has a long history of fabricating information relating to his personal finances and lying about his assets to banks, the national media, counterparties, and many others, including the American people. "The team that has been investigating Mr Trump harbours no doubt about whether he committed crimes — he did." He added: "In my view, the public interest warrants the criminal prosecution of Mr Trump, and such a prosecution should be brought without any further delay." Liz Harrington, who was appointed as Trump's personal spokesperson in 2021, said in response to Mr Pomerantz's letter: "A radical left lawyer, who works with Chuck Schumer’s brother at a Democrat law firm, is upset the District Attorney of New York has not yet pursued phoney charges against President Trump. "It’s troubling how politicized our justice system has become, where Democrats are loaned out to gin up crimes against their political opponents. JUST IN: Donald Trump SUES Hillary Clinton for 'crippling' presidential race with 'false narrative' "President Trump built a great business and did nothing wrong. "New York should get back to solving their skyrocketing crime problem, rather than spending so much time and energy on partisan witch hunts." Ms Harrington added: "On top of everything else, their firm represents the DNC, Democrats, and is Hillary Clinton’s law firm. "This is disgraceful behaviour and how somebody like that and others from his firm can be let loose to become prosecutors of a great Republican President is disgraceful. "So bad, in fact, that professional prosecutors resigned in protest of this presidential persecution. "They thought it was very unfair. Will this radical left law firm be held legally accountable for what they have done?" READ MORE: Hillary Clinton under fire over Trump spying claims 'Fairly credible!' The statement comes on the same day it was revealed Mr Trump filed a lawsuit against Hillary Clinton for "crippling" his 2016 White House Bid. The 45th President even accused his former political rival of "weaving a false narrative" which said he was "colluding" with the Kremlin. The 108-page document, which has been filed to Florida's Southern District Court, also involved other targets, including a British-born ex-spy who assembled a dossier of alleged links between Mr Trump and Russia. Although Trump won the 2016 Presidential Election by 74 electoral college votes, the real estate tycoon alleges the ex-First Lady is guilty of "racketeering". His complaint says: "In the run-up to the 2016 presidential election, Hillary Clinton and her cohorts orchestrated an unthinkable plot – one that shocks the conscience and is an affront to this nation’s democracy. "Acting in concert, the defendants maliciously conspired to weave a false narrative that their Republican opponent, Donald J Trump, was colluding with a hostile foreign sovereignty. DON'T MISS: Putin warned military 'f*** up' will leave Russia defenceless [INSIGHT] 'Remainiacs' savaged after major EU players 'admonished' by Zelensky [REACTION] Blackford accused of 'playing into Putin's hands' on independence [ANALYSIS] "The actions taken in furtherance of their scheme – falsifying evidence, deceiving law enforcement, and exploiting access to highly-sensitive data sources – are so outrageous, subversive and incendiary that even the events of Watergate pale in comparison." It added Mr Trump "has sustained significant injuries and damages including, but not limited to, expenses in the form of defence costs, legal fees and related expenses incurred … in an amount no less than $24m and continuing to accrue, as well as the loss of existing and future business opportunities". While the Kremlin has also denied interfering in the 2016 Presidential Election, the Senate's Intelligence Committee "found irrefutable evidence of Russian meddling". Capitol Hill's report found a "breathtaking level of contacts between Trump officials and Russian government operatives that is a very real counterintelligence threat to our elections". Mr Trump also pursued legal action following his defeat in the 2020 election after ex-Vice President Joe Biden removed the former businessman from the Oval Office. Following his defeat, Mr Trump filed 62 lawsuits which alleged Biden's victory came as a result of electoral fraud. Although the ex-President continues to peddle this unfounded claim on his website and at his rallies, only one lawsuit has been successful.