The prospect of sleep can either be comforting or torturous depending on your relationship with it. You are more likely to associate it with the latter if you fall into the insomnia camp. However, restoring sleep may not be as hard as you think.  Simple dietary tweaks have been shown to vastly improve the time it takes to get to sleep and the overall quality of sleep one experiences. Valerian has been shown to produce these desired effects. The valerian plant is native to Europe and Asia and has been cultivated in North America. Valerian used for dietary supplements are usually made from its roots, rhizomes (underground stems) and stolons (horizontal stems). Based on its traditional, long-standing use, the EU’s Herbal Medicines Committee has approved valerian for sleep disorders. READ MORE: How to sleep: The foods that could 'disrupt your sleep' - 'Take a long time to break down' Research is patchy but the most promising date was published in the American Journal of Medicine. A systematic review of nine pieces of scientific literature, including multiple clinical trials, was conducted to see if there was enough evidence that valerian could help with insomnia. Although these nine trials have flaws, three earned the highest rating of five. Holland and Barrett dove further into the review to look at the specific benefits the herbal extract has on sleep. DON'T MISSJohn Lydon: Star's health 'deteriorating at an alarming pace' [INSIGHT]Health warning: Use of bath soap could lead to BV infection [ADVICE] 'it comes and goes': Overlooked symptoms of cancer [TIPS] One of these studies followed 128 volunteers and studied the effectiveness of 400mg valerian extract, a commercial preparation of 60mg valerian and 30mg of hips and a placebo on sleep. "The extract resulted in a statistically significant improvement in time needed to fall asleep, sleep quality and less nighttime awakenings," reports Holland and Barrett. It is worth noting that other studies have found valerian extract did not impact sleep. "To see improvement, people might have to take valerian root regularly, rather than once in a while or as needed," says health body Sleep Foundation (SF). Although the mechanisms are not exactly clear, researchers have primarily studied how valerenic acid in valerian root affects GABA receptors, a type of neurotransmitter in the brain. Activation of GABA receptors favours sleep. "Valerian root also likely impacts serotonin receptors, which are involved in mood and sleep," explains SF. If you don't get enough sleep, there's only one way to compensate – getting more sleep. Remedying sleep loss is often a gradual process so do not get frustrated if you do not see instant results. "Starting on a weekend, try to add on an extra hour or two of sleep a night. The way to do this is to go to bed when you're tired, and allow your body to wake you in the morning (no alarm clocks allowed!)", explains the NHS. According to the health body, you might sleep up to 10 hours a night at first. "After a while, the amount of time you sleep will gradually decrease to a normal level."