Prince Charles headed to west London on Wednesday to meet people who were forced to leave their homeland and seek safety abroad and are being supported by the Holy Trinity Brompton Church (HTB). While visiting St Luke's Church in Earl's Court, he met Ukrainian Andriy Kopylash and his daughter Veronika - both involved in the Alpha Christianity programme at HTB. Mr Kopylash, told Charles how he was already in the UK as Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine was beginning to seem a real possibility. However, his daughter was stuck in Kyiv, leaving the father fearing for Veronika's life. Ms Kopylash was eventually able to leave the Ukrainian capital city by boarding the last plane to Italy just the night before Russian forces launched their attack. Mr Kopylash told the heir to the throne: "We have had wonderful support from the community here." Follow live updates on the Royal Family here Speaking after the Prince of Wales' visit, the Ukrainian said: "He was very open and there were tears in his eyes. "I was really impressed by him. It was very nice to meet Prince Charles. "He was really open and was really informed about the situation." During the visit, Prince Charles learned more about the services HTB has put in place, including English lessons and medical care, to support people escaping the Ukrainian conflict and Afghanistan. READ MORE: US fury after Harry 'shows face at American event' While speaking with some of those who left their loved ones behind, Prince Charles appeared distraught. He told one mother who recalled the people she left in her homeland: "I just can’t bear it. Such a total tragedy." This isn't the first time Prince Charles has visited HTB - whose Refugee Response programme was launched in September 2021. The heir to the throne last visited HTB in December 2021, when he attended an advent service at HTB Onslow Square and met representatives of the Church's community groups.   Prince Charles has spoken multiple times in recent days about the conflict in Ukraine, which was sparked by the invasion ordered by Putin on February 24. He first addressed the Russian's move as an "unconscionable" attack on democracy and freedom on March 1, during a poignant visit to Southend-on-Sea, when he delivered the Queen's letters patent which turned late Sir David Amess' beloved town a city. On the following day, Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, visited the Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral in London. There, the prince told how he and his wife had been moved by reports of the "extraordinary bravery, generosity and fortitude of the Ukrainian community in the face of such truly terrible aggression." While Camilla was spotted crying multiple times while speaking to people at the cathedral, Charles condemned the "truly terrible aggression". Other members of the Royal Family have made their voices heard following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. On February 26, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William shared a personal message on Twitter, reading: "In October 2020 we had the privilege to meet President Zelensky and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine’s future. "Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine’s people as they bravely fight for that future." On March 9, the Cambridges headed to the Ukrainian Cultural Centre in London to hear more about the efforts being made to support Ukrainians in the UK and across Europe given the current circumstances. Kate and William learned more about the services offered at the centre and spoke with Saleh Saeed, CEO of the Disasters Emergency Committee, to hear about the ongoing Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal. The Queen reportedly made a "generous donation" to this appeal last week.