Fern Britton, 64, has candidly opened up about how a life-altering expedition across the UK completely changed her outlook on life. The former This Morning host explained that she has cycled across the world in countries including India, Russia and China, but one that stands out in particular was a trek from John O’Groats to Lands’ End. Fern, who was previously married to celebrity chef Phil Vickery, revealed all to Kate Thornton on her White Wine Question Time podcast. The author explained she embarks on these challenges in groups and that she always forms close bonds with her companions. The presenter quipped: “I’ve cycled everywhere and doing it in your 40s and 50s, we form great friendships. “When you are on a bike and you are very hot and sweaty, midges are biting you, you’ve got the s**ts and you’re throwing up, you don’t half forge a friendship.” READ MORE:Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him Fern then continued to detail how a journey like that can change someone as a person. She said: “The women who had come on the trip, particularly from John O’Groats to Lands’ End, as we were cycling down through the UK, started talking about their relationships and their husbands. “Well, they ended up divorced and going for someone else at the end of it. “One lady got to Lands’ End, took off her wedding ring, and threw it into the sea! “Because it brings you back to who you are, back to the woman that you lost when you got married and had children. “It’s our fault, you know, we bury ourselves in domestic life because we are good at it, and we want to do it. “Suddenly we came out of that, and we were swearing and drinking... and you become yourself again.” Fern and Phil met when they appeared on BBC show, Ready Steady Cook. DON'T MISSNeil Jones speaks out on Strictly judging role after co-star's exit[LATEST]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart[INSIGHT]Catherine Zeta Jones 'so proud' of Michael Douglas at SAG Awards[NEWS] They were married in 2000 and had their daughter, Winnie, in 2001. Previously, Fern was married to her first husband, Clive Jones, until 1998. During this time, she gave birth to twins Harry and Jack and a daughter, Grace. Fern and Phil announced they were separating in January 2020. Fern said in a statement on Twitter: “After more than 20 happy years together, Phil and I have decided to go our separate ways. We will always share a great friendship and our lovely children. We would appreciate it if our privacy is respected at this time. Thank you for your continued kindness and support.”  In an appearance on Loose Women in December, Fern admitted that the split turned her life “upside down”. She said: “My marriage coming to the end of the road is very sad. But we are working it all out. “My life did go upside down, not just unfortunately with my marriage going wrong. My mum died three years ago, and my dad died two years ago. “So, I am having to…I think after 30 years of being married but to two different men, 33 years altogether... I’m having to do a lot on my own.”