Mike Tindall, 43, was joined by the couple's three children to watch Zara, 40, on Mother's Day. Zara is known for her career as a competitive equestrian eventer, having won a silver medal in the 2012 London Olympics. The ex-England rugby world cup winner was snapped with daughters Mia, eight, Lena, three, and buggy-bound son Lucas, one, as they watched their mother compete at the Cheltenham event. In photos obtained by the Daily Mail, Mia was seen wearing a lilac jumper with the words 'big sister' printed on the front. The Tindalls eldest child also appeared to take snaps of her mother while she competed after images showed her holding up a phone to catch a glimpse of the competition. Younger sister Lena was seen playing around with her father. JUST IN: 'Unifying force' Prince William to modernise monarchy following 'bruising' Caribbean tour Mike, who formerly captained nearby Premiership side Gloucester, sported a baseball cap, pair of jeans and Timberland boots. The Tindalls were also joined by Zara's nieces Savannah, 11, and Isla, nine, as the family watched Zara compete on Gelding Class Affair. The Queen's two eldest grand-grandchildren are the daughters of Princess Anne's son Peter, 44, and his ex-wife Autumn, 43. Peter's Canadian-born former wife divorced Princess Royal's son in 2021 and is said to have found love with 52-year-old Irish property tycoon Donal Mulryan. READ MORE: Harry and William's feud 'will not heal' as Duke of Sussex warned against digs at Kate The four girls enjoyed ice cream and seemed to have a fun day out. Zara is a regular visitor to Cheltenham for equestrian events, including at the festival earlier this month. The ex-Olympian even said it was an "honour" to become the director at Cheltenham Racecourse. Both the Tindalls and the Phillips are believed to have spent a great deal of time together given they both live on Princess Anne's Gatcombe Park estate in Gloucestershire. DON'T MISS: Fresh wound' of Meghan claim sparks backlash [REACTION] Kate beams as she races William in boat on choppy Bahamian ocean [PICTURES] Belize eyes plan to REMOVE Queen just two days after royal tour [REVEAL] The Tindalls welcomed their youngest tot last March. He was born in the couple's home and weighed in at 8lbs and 4oz. A spokesperson said at the time: "Zara and Mike Tindall are happy to announce the birth of their third child, Lucas Philip Tindall."