Tottenham striker Harry Kane has been slammed by Manchester United hero Roy Keane, who has labelled the England ace as “part of the problem” at Spurs. Kane played the full 120 minutes of his side’s FA Cup fifth round encounter on Tuesday evening as Tottenham were beaten 1-0 by Championship team Middlesbrough.  “He is part of the problem,” Keane told ITV ahead of Liverpool’s FA Cup clash with Norwich. “Where was he yesterday? If he is your main striker he has to do more - he has to lead them. He does not lead them that well and you saw that yesterday.” Spurs were frustrated by their lower-league opponents at the Riverside as they struggled to carve out decent goalscoring opportunities. Kane thought he had given the visitors the lead on the hour mark as he turned the ball in from close range following a corner. But his effort was ruled out after he had strayed offside. And Boro held firm to take the match into extra-time before stunning the Premier League giants courtesy of Josh Coburn’s winning strike. JUST IN: Four worst refereeing decisions in the Premier League this season  The substitute was teed-up by Matt Crooks before thumping the ball beyond the reach of away goalkeeper Hugo Lloris. And Keane admits he wasn’t shocked by Spurs’ FA Cup exit. “You shouldn’t be surprised about Spurs losing these games,” Keane continued. “Spurs, Spursy - I’m not sure how many times that we have to say it. But I’m not surprised about them losing that game. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message    “Midweek, Middlesbrough, probably a bit cold - I wasn’t surprised with the result yesterday. Meanwhile, former Arsenal striker Ian Wright admits teams can overcome Spurs if they limit Kane’s ability to receive the ball deep. “If you can condense them and stop Harry Kane from coming deep, then they are a lot easier to beat - and that is what Middlesbrough did yesterday,” Wright added. Kane was heavily linked with a move to Manchester City last summer, with the Citizens apparently making four bids for the striker.  But Spurs chairman Daniel Levy rebuffed the Premier League champions' approaches and Kane was forced to stay in north London. Following his disappointment at being denied a move, Kane has looked a shadow of his former self at times this season and has only scored eight top flight goals. The 28-year-old is yet to win a trophy during his senior career and has been tipped to try and force a move away from the capital once again at the end of this campaign. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here