Erik ten Hag is reportedly likely to sign Antony from Ajax if he becomes the next manager of Manchester United. The Red Devils are looking to hire a new manager soon and it’s the Dutchman who is currently in pole position to take over. And previous comments from his Brazilian suggest a reunion between the pair at Old Trafford is certainly a possibility. The futures of several Manchester United forwards are currently uncertain as the summer transfer window creeps closer. Edinson Cavani and Jesse Lingard are likely to leave for free, with both players’ contracts due to expire at the end of the campaign. There are question marks over Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford, too, with neither player able to fulfil their true potential after five years on the club’s books. And with Mason Greenwood still unavailable, it’s unclear what the future holds for the England international as well. With that being the case, the next manager of United will need to invest in a new forward when the transfer window reopens. And reports have suggested that, if the Red Devils hire Ten Hag, the Dutchman will look to bring Antony with him to the Premier League. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The Brazilian moved to the Eredivisie outfit from Sao Paulo back in 2020 and has gone from strength to strength under Ten Hag’s guidance ever since. With 12 goals to his name across all competitions, Antony has enhanced his reputation as one of Europe’s hottest prospects. He’s also drawn comparisons with Paris Saint-Germain star Neymar, with the duo now both playing for Brazil together. And previous comments from the 22-year-old suggest he’d be happy to follow Ten Hag to his next club amid links to United. Speaking earlier this season, Antony waxed lyrical over his manager and instead everybody at the club had benefitted from his coaching style. “Every player under his guidance becomes a better footballer through his training,” he said earlier in the season. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “Since my arrival, he has given me a lot of confidence and believed in what I can do. “I am grateful to him for that. I respect him very much.” United managers, with the exception of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, have opted to recruit players they know and trust in recent years. David Moyes marked his arrival in 2013 by landing Marouane Fellaini, who touched down from Everton on transfer deadline day that year. Louis van Gaal snapped up Daley Blind upon replacing Moyes 12 months later, having previously managed his fellow Dutchman at international level. And Jose Mourinho, after taking over from Van Gaal in 2014, recruited Zlatan Ibrahimovic on a free transfer - with the duo previously working together at Inter Milan. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag could feasibly do the same if he takes over at United. And whether he does indeed end up getting the top job, with the club also interested in Mauricio Pochettino, Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui, remains to be seen. While United have ruled out Thomas Tuchel, however, Rio Ferdinand would still hire the Chelsea boss in an ideal world. Speaking on his YouTube channel, he said: “I’m taking Tuchel man, I don’t care. “If the roles were reversed and Man United were there and had Tuchel as a sitting duck at our football club, we are presuming he’s a sitting duck from the reports we are hearing. “If that was the case and the roles were reversed, trust me, Roman and the empire would knock down the door. “They wouldn’t even knock down the door, they’d run round the side and take him. “Tuchel would be the one. He’s got the pedigree. “He’s shown already that he can come into this league, he’s adapted straight away, he’s won the Champions League, he can galvanise a squad, he can get them playing. “He can create a culture, create a togetherness. He’s got discipline.”