In honour of St David’s Day, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge visited Pant Farm near Abergavenny in Wales. The goat farm has supplied milk to local cheese producers for the past 20 years. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge learned about the importance of the agricultural industry to rural populations and how community organisations are providing support to young people. The couple have fond memories of Wales as they spent the early years of their marriage on the island of Anglesey. Before they moved to Kensington Palace, William said: "This island has been our first home together, and it will always be an immensely special place for us both.” Kate showed her support for the feast day of Saint David by donning a beautiful daffodil brooch. The daffodil was introduced as a nicer-smelling replacement for the original symbol of Wales – green leeks. According to legend, Saint David, the patron saint of Wales advised Welsh soldiers to identify themselves by wearing leeks in a battle fought against the Saxons in a leek field. And so today, each year on St David’s Day, the leek is worn in the cap badges of every soldier in every Welsh regiment. The vegetable is also referenced in Shakespeare's play Henry V, which was written in the 16th century during the reign of Queen Elizabeth I. King Henry VIII is said to have presented his daughter with a leek on the National Day of Wales. This Royal tradition seems to have trickled through to the monarchy of today. In 2017, Queen Elizabeth II presented leeks to The Royal Welsh regiment to mark St David’s Day. Cadets, troops and veterans received the traditional Welsh symbol, which had been wrapped in a red thread and dipped in gold. Her Majesty is Colonel-in-Chief of The Royal Welsh, who were formed on St David’s Day in 2006, following the restructuring of former regiments, the Royal Welch Fusiliers and the Royal Regiment of Wales. At the time, she said it was a "great pleasure" to celebrate St David's Day with the regiment. She said: "I am also delighted to be able to present leeks to representatives of the regiment, from cadets to comrades, and to meet the new mascot, Llywelyn. "The British Army, perhaps more than any in the world, has always lived through the regiment and the regimental tradition. Inside Kate Middleton and Prince William’s ‘immensely special’ first home in Wales [LATEST]Meghan Markle's 'extraordinary' meeting with Queen before exit from Royal Family [INSIGHT]‘Cruel’ plan to strip Beatrice and Eugenie of royal styles ‘got vetoed’ [ANALYSIS] "In the hour of battle, it has repeatedly relied on these bonds, on the pride and comradeship of men who would sooner die than betray the traditions of their corps, or be unworthy of the men of old who fought before them under their colours. "This is reflected in your regimental motto: Death rather than Dishonour. "I see that same pride and comradeship in the parade before us today and I am certain that the regiment is in good hands.” Prince Charles had to cancel his trip to Wales last month amid fears for the "dangers posed by Storm Eunice". The Prince of Wales spent 40 years looking for a house in Wales, before buying a country home in Llwynywermod in March 2007.  Now, the Prince and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall retreat to the luxurious farmhouse for regular visits. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge highlight the importance of the Royal Family’s connections to Wales with their current visit. Earlier today they wished the people of Wales a ‘Happy St David's Day’ on Instagram, writing: “Dydd Gŵyl Dewi Hapus,' which is the Welsh translation of the greeting. The post continued: “See you soon to learn all about the role of small businesses in local communities ‒ from farm, to market, to table ‒ and how young people’s opportunities are being improved by charities and engaging projects across Wales.