Arsenal’s successful season under Mikel Arteta will likely give the Gunners an advantage in their transfer battle with Manchester United for Benfica starlet Darwin Nunez, according to reports. The two Premier League clubs have been linked with a move for the prolific Uruguayan ahead of the summer transfer window.  Arteta’s Arsenal have overcome a woeful start to the campaign and are now favourites to secure the final Champions League spot behind Manchester City, Liverpool and Chelsea. Playing in the elite level of European competition will apparently hand them an advantage in the race to sign Nunez. According to the Daily Telegraph, Nunez’s preferred English club is United but will likely only sign for them if they qualify for the Champions League. With Ralf Rangnick’s side sixth in the Premier League and four points off Arsenal, that seems unlikely. It therefore gives Arsenal the perfect chance to pursue a deal for Nunez. Arteta is desperate to sign a forward in the summer after missing out on several targets in January.   JUST IN: Luis Enrique ‘out of running’ to become Man Utd's next manager The North Londoners tried to sign Dusan Vlahovic from Fiorentina, only to be beaten to that deal by Juventus. They have also been linked with the likes of Lille’s Jonathan David and Napoli’s Victor Osimhen. That necessity to sign a new forward will become ever more pressing if Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah leave at the end of June. Both forward see their contracts expire in the off-season and neither seem likely to sign renewed terms. Meanwhile, United could do with a younger forward to complement the experience of Cristiano Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani, whose own futures do not seem entirely clear. The report continues that the Red Devils’ interest in Nunez is slightly more advanced than Arsenal’s but that could of course change.   DON'T MISS...Dortmund chief admits Arsenal history could repeat itself with HaalandLiverpool boss Klopp granted Premier League wish over five-sub ruleArsenal and Tottenham transfer target Djed Spence wants Prem chance 90min have claimed that the Old Trafford outfit have watched the 22-year-old at least six times this season, while an unnamed source added: “The Premier League is where the most interest is coming from, and Nunez has a real desire to play in England, no doubt. “He has also seen just how well Luis Diaz has performed and settled into life, but also the clubs have seen that and they believe Nunez could be just as good if not better.” Nunez has scored 20 times in 22 Portuguese league fixtures this season. He has a further four strikes in the Champions League and Benfica face Diaz’s Liverpool in the quarter-final.   