According to a royal insider, the young princess takes after her mum with her interest in both sports and fashion. However they also suggested the great-granddaughter of the Queen has “very expensive taste” and likes to pinch one iconic accessory from her mother’s style.  A source told Life & Style that Charlotte is “obsessed” with sunglasses, and loves to borrow her mother’s pair. The source told the publication: “When Kate can’t find a pair, they’ll often be found in Charlotte’s bedroom. “Charlotte already has a little collection of high street kids sunglasses at home.” They continued to say that Charlotte is following her mum's footsteps, with both fashion and sport.   The insider further told the publication: “Swimming, tennis and horse riding are her favourites. “Kate is teaching Charlotte how to play hockey in the garden. “Princess Charlotte can’t wait to play rugby when she’s a little older! “Prince George is already giving her a few tips but he’s more interested in football.” According to the reports, Charlotte reportedly has a “very expensive taste,” when it comes to fashion. READ MORE: Have Your Say: How should Government respond to P&O sackings?  Kate purchased Charlotte a Disney tiara, but the Cambridge’s middle child “prefers the real deal,” and adorably “made Kate promise to give it to her in the future.” In 2015, Kate and William welcomed their second child, Her Royal Highness Princess Charlotte of Cambridge. Charlotte's full name is Charlotte Elizabeth Diana, and her official title is Her Royal Highness Princess Charlotte of Cambridge. Meanwhile, at home, Kate Middleton has her own name for six-year-old Charlotte, which was revealed while she chatted to a fellow mum and her son during a trip to Northern Ireland in 2019. DON'T MISS:Queen ‘pacing her diary’ as health fears to stop ‘committed’ monarchP&O's millionaire chief's cruel jibe before he sacked workers Nuclear convoy carrying ‘up to 6’ warheads passes Glasgow After speaking to Kate, Laura-Ann and her son Bertie, shared the exchange on Instagram: “She asked how old Bertie is, and I said he is four and she said, ‘Oh, he's the same age as Lottie.’ She calls her Lottie!” According to a study, Charlotte's net worth is over £1billion more than her older brother, Prince George. George’s worth was estimated at £2.7billion while his younger sister’s was estimated at a whopping £3.8billion. 