Lewis Hamilton has picked out two crucial elements that his Mercedes team need to work on over the next two weeks before F1 action resumes in Australia. The Silver Arrows were given another wake-up call in Saudi Arabia, where Hamilton in particular had a weekend to forget. Mercedes' performance issues were somewhat masked during the season's curtain-raiser in Bahrain. Both Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez were forced to retire for Red Bull, leaving Hamilton to claim an unlikely podium as George Russell crossed the line in fourth. Both drivers were brought crashing back down to earth in Jeddah. Hamilton's nightmare weekend started on Saturday when an experimental car set-up saw him post the 16th-fastest lap time and fail to make it out of Q1 for the first time since 2017. Last season, the Brit would undoubtedly have benefitted from the kind of performance that allows him to fight through the pack, as fans became accustomed to during the tense title run-in. JUST IN: Mick Schumacher wanted to race at Saudi GP despite huge crash but explains why he didn't    This time around Hamilton gradually made up places during a long stint on hard tyres but a pit stop mishap dropped him down to 10th. The seven-time world champion left Saudi with a single point while last season's fierce rival, Verstappen, clinched 25 following a blockbuster battle with Ferrari's Charles Leclerc. Russell fared much better than his more experienced team-mate and wound up in fifth, leaving him six points better off in the Drivers' Championship. Both are in agreement that a lot of work needs to be done if they are to stay in touch with Red Bull and the Prancing Horse. "We are so far off the guys ahead, it feels like a long way away," said Hamilton before pointing out two crucial elements that his team should seek to improve, "We need more grip, we need more power. We’re still really down on speed and it’s just not one fix, it’s several things." Indeed, porpoising issues blighted Mercedes' pre-season tests and sparked early concern that they may not be able to compete for race wins straight away. Verstappen and Carlos Sainz both rubbished those comments as little more than mind games, given that the Silver Arrows have wasted no time in fixing pre-season issues before. But two races into the new season, it is clear that Hamilton and Russell's comments were no bluff and Mercedes' unprecedented run of eight consecutive Constructors' Championships is at real risk. Ferrari put serious time and effort into this season's car while the Silver Arrows were caught up in a tense title battle. Red Bull, the team with which the battle was contested with, appear to have produced a better product with the time available. Hamilton was visibly devastated with Sunday's result, and will have to wait almost two weeks to make amends with the Melbourne Grand Prix pencilled in for April 10.