Britain is expected to be blanketed in the sun this week as spring officially gets underway. There are many reasons to get out and enjoy the sunny weather, not least because the sun supercharges our health. Most of these benefits are attributed to vitamin D, which the body creates from direct sunlight on the skin when outdoors. Speaking on ITV's This Morning, Doctor Sarra explained: "Vitamin D has been implicated in bone health but is also increasingly linked with our immune system." According to the TV doc, vitamin D has also been implicated in inflammatory processes so getting out in the sun may benefit those living with autoimmune disorders. What's more, the sun is linked to mood by increasing your serotonin levels, she said. Serotonin is a neurotransmitter (a messenger chemical that carries signals between nerve cells in the brain). It's thought to have a good influence on mood. The benefits being out in the sun has on your mood can also be through indirect means. Doctor Sarra explained: You are also more likely to socialise more and be more active." What's more, being near "blue and green areas" - a benefit the sun brings out - can boost your mood and reduce your blood pressure, she said. You can therefore directly enjoy the sun and the "aspects" surrounding the sun, doctor Sarra pointed out. What's more, sun exposure can also improve your sleep and you do not need much of it to see these results. Doctor Sarra explained: "Our sleep is maintained by our circadian rhythm and our circadian rhythm is based on our melatonin levels - our hormone. "And when that melatonin level goes up we become more sleepy. It's based on daylight hours and there is evidence to show that just getting one of hour of sun in the morning can improve your sleep at night by stabilising your circadian rhythm." According to doctor Sarra it varies depending on your skin tone, so it's not an exact science. "But you do not want to be out so long that you get hot or red or during hours when you're more likely to get burnt by the sun," she warned. Ultimately, it depends on the individual, the doc said. Some people will not make enough vitamin D from sunlight because they have very little or no sunshine exposure. The Department of Health and Social Care recommends that adults and children over four take a daily supplement containing 10 micrograms of vitamin D throughout the year if they: If you have dark skin – for example you have an African, African-Caribbean or south Asian background – you may also not make enough vitamin D from sunlight. You should consider taking a daily supplement containing 10 micrograms of vitamin D throughout the year. The Department of Health and Social Care also recommends that babies from birth to one year of age should have a daily supplement containing 8.5 to 10 micrograms of vitamin D throughout the year if they are: Children aged one to four years old should be given a daily supplement containing 10 micrograms of vitamin D throughout the year.