Manchester United go into this evening’s Champions League showdown with Atletico Madrid hoping to book their place in the quarter-finals of the competition. The Red Devils have been put through their paces by Ralf Rangnick and Paolo Gaudino ahead of the showdown at Old Trafford. Yet the game certainly won’t be straightforward, especially when you consider the quality of Diego Simeone’s squad. Manchester United were unconvincing against Atletico Madrid in the reverse fixture. They appeared to be heading for defeat after Joao Felix headed the La Liga side in front, with the Portugal international getting the better of Harry Maguire in the build-up. However, United then earned a crucial draw through Anthony Elanga - whose effort trickled past Jan Oblak and into the bottom corner. Rangnick’s team will have to be better tonight if they’re to go through, however, with Atletico hoping to win the famous trophy for the first time in their entire history. And the 63-year-old and Gaudino have been putting the players through their paces prior to the showdown. Cristiano Ronaldo returned to form against Tottenham on Saturday night, bagging a sensational hat-trick to give his team all three points. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And he and other squad members, including Bruno Fernandes, Alex Telles and Edinson Cavani, were seen working on their fitness. Understandably after his Spurs heroics, Ronaldo had a big smile on his face as he participated in the session. United players also did some work in a rondo, too, with Fernandes seen barking orders at Carrington. Rangnick, for his part, was seen talking with Darren Fletcher - the club’s technical director - as he prepared for the game on Tuesday night. And Gaudino was present, too, with the United coach observing the session with his hands behind his back. United have virtually a full squad to choose from, with Luke Shaw appearing to be the only absentee despite training. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message According to the Manchester Evening News, they’ve included goalkeepers David De Gea, Tom Heaton and Dean Henderson for the showdown. Regarding defenders, Eric Bailly, Diogo Dalot, Victor Lindelof, Phil Jones, Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane, Alex Telles and Aaron Wan-Bissaka make the cut. In midfield, United have included Fernandes, Pogba, Scott McTominay, Nemanja Matic and Juan Mata. And, regarding forwards, Ronaldo, Elanga, Edinson Cavani, Jesse Lingard, Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho have been included. United have made the last eight of the Champions League just twice since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. And whether they can achieve that under Rangnick, who replaced Ole Gunnar Solskjaer earlier in the season, remains to be seen. Speaking before the game, the 63-year-old was asked about whether his team can replicate what happened with Schalke in 2011. Rangnick was in charge of the Bundesliga side and guided them to the last four of the tournament, against all odds. And the United interim boss said: “One hundred per cent. “We had a lot of players missing in the quarter-final with Inter Milan, who had won the triple a year before, but we showed in both games what is possible if you play together and if you are on a high emotional level. “It was one of the biggest surprises in that competition, to win there 2-5 and, for me, it’s a 50-50 situation tomorrow, as I said after the game at Atletico. “It will be little details that make the difference so we have to be focused and aware of what we have to do, and shouldn’t do, against them. “If you have the little details right, and be emotionally on the highest possible level of aggression.” Rangnick also opened up on the difference in Champions League games now the away goal rule has been scrapped. “Yeah, it’s a difference obviously but we scored an away goal there,” he said. “Even with 0-0 we’d be through according to the old rules but, for me, it’s absolutely okay. “It’s 0-0 or 1-1, we play at home and we have to make sure that playing at home is an advantage for us. "This is what [Spurs boss] Antonio Conte said after the game, it was a very difficult atmosphere. “As I said, it's one of the biggest compliments that you can get if an opponent's coach speaks after the game of a difficult atmosphere for them, a special atmosphere.”