Coronation Street's Daisy (played by Charlotte Jordan) has been trying to rekindle her relationship with Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) after they decided to give things another go. Daisy's excitement was cut short however, when an old flame of Daniel's, Nicky (Kimberly Hart-Simpson), returned to the cobbles in the hopes of reigniting things with the ladies' man. Nicky told Daniel she had returned to get a job in the same school he worked in, which has left Daisy seething with anger and jealousy. How far will she go to stop the pair from reuniting? In upcoming scenes, Daisy apologises for her jealous behaviour towards Nicky. But when Daniel reveals Nicky is applying for a teaching assistant post and Max (Paddy Bever) will be in her class, Daisy forms a plan to cause trouble for her love rival. It's not known yet what Daisy will instruct Max to do but it certainly won't go down well and will cost Nicky her job. As Daisy begins scheming, Daniel helps Nicky prepare for her interview and she asserts she wants to keep her sex worker history under wraps READ MORE: Coronation Street arrival for Daisy Midgeley's family with new set? She tells Daniel she doesn't the barmaid to know about her past under any circumstances. Could Daisy already know about Nicky's past and use this to her advantage? Daisy has been known to go too far with her scheming in the past so she could tell Max to bring up Nicky's time as a sex worker in class. Nicky later confides in Daniel that her trial session with the class didn’t go well and feels as if she has ruined her chances. Later, Daniel tells Daisy that Nicky failed to get the job with the barmaid masking her relief at the thought of her rival leaving once again. But Nicky won't want to leave Weatherfield without knowing why she didn't get the job at the school. If it's revealed it's down to a tip off about her past from a student or concerned family member, Nicky would be suspicious. Confronting Daniel for telling Nicky about her time as a sex worker, it would become clear Daisy knew everything all along. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street arrival for Daisy Midgeley's family with new set? [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Gary Windass tricks Laura into murder confession? [LATEST]Coronation Street's Rob Mallard addresses seriousness of tremor [WATCH] Horrified to learn Daisy had used details of Nicky's past to sabotage her chances of becoming a teacher, Daniel would cast the young woman out. Telling Daisy he can't be with someone who he doesn't trust, Daniel could fall back into the arms of Nicky. Daisy would be left devastated to see her plan to get Nicky out of her life once more has backfired and she's single again. Nicky has brought out the worst in Daisy after she made out Daniel had moved down south when she first arrived in Weatherfield. However, Nicky soon found out Daniel worked in Weatherfield High, and the pair were happy to see one another. Wanting to catch up and rekindle their friendship, Nicky and Daniel went for a drink at the Rovers Return which left the barmaid more annoyed than ever. Kimberly expressed her excitement to be back in Weatherfield, commenting: "This is not for everyone, but I like vision boards. "Things that I want in my life I want to see in front of me on the daily, it gives me direction and purpose. "On the day of getting the call about Corrie, I’d just done a vision board of the 10 things that I want in my life in general, and Corrie went back on there, and I pinned it up, and I wrote the reason. "I wrote what it would feel like, how I got the call, what would happen next and who I told first, this is all part of something I read online," she told Manchester Evening News. She added the vision board "solidified" her role on Coronation Street, and within two hours, she got the call to return. "I make no secret of the fact that this is where I want to be in life. I love this show, and this has been by far the best job I’ve ever had." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.