Max Verstappen will not accept excuses from Red Bull that retirements happen all the time in F1 as he believes that shouldn't be the case at the elite level following his shock retirement in the final few laps of the Bahrain Grand Prix. Anticipation was building ahead of Sunday's season-opening race on a battle at the front between Red Bull and Ferrari.  All drivers got away cleanly to start the race, avoiding contact into Turn One as Charles Leclerc kept ahead of Verstappen. In an attempt to undercut the Ferrari driver, Verstappen was brought in earlier for fresher softs and it almost paid off with the pair then locked in a wheel-to-wheel battle for several laps. Again, Leclerc did just enough to hold off his rival with Verstappen trying one last tactic towards the end of the race to go onto new soft tyres. A safety car almost played into the hands of Verstappen as well, but the reigning world champion was complaining of some issues with his car on team radio before the restart. And it was soon clear that Verstappen would not be able to catch Leclerc and in fact it became a battle to get his car to the finish line. Ultimately, Verstappen was forced to retire the car with Perez also failing to finish the race in a bitterly disappointing end for Red Bull.  Verstappen still isn't sure what went wrong on his car, but he has appeared to challenge Red Bull to fix it quickly to avoid something similar in Saudi Arabia next week. "We don't fully understand why it happened but it definitely happened after tyres came on and I drove off," he told Sky Sports. "It was not even that the steering wheel got heavy, it was just impossible to steer. "The faster I was going, it almost felt like a delay so I was steering right and it took a while before something was happening. That's why my restart was bad because I wanted to go on the throttle but I couldn't open the wheel because it was stuck.  "Very hard out there. A lot of different issues we have to deal with and this is not what you want in the first race weekend." He added: "You can always say that problems can happen and you might have a retirement but I think at this level after having so much information on the engines and stuff, it shouldn't happen." And while Verstappen knows there's still plenty of time to make amends in the season, he was ultimately left ruing the missed points on offer for Red Bull. "We didn't really show what we could really do for whatever reason," Verstappen added. "There is potential for sure, otherwise you are not up there. But we already lost a lot of points in one race weekend so that's really not good. "Of course I know with one retirement it's not over, but I would have preferred to have at least 18 points."