Power’s captivating spin-off Raising Kanan, took viewers back to New York in the 90s to gain a deeper insight into Kanan Stark’s (played by Mekai Curtis) upbringing. This included his mother Raquel Thomas (Patina Miller), the actress who shared why she chose to join the franchise.  For fans to understand why Kanan was a complex murderer in the original Starz series, fans were introduced to his mother Raquel Thomas. Although she tried her best to ensure he focused at school, the teenager was super curious and intrigued by illegal activities. However, this wasn’t far from what he knew because Raquel was one of the main drug distributors in New York. Alongside her brothers Marvin Thomas (London Brown) and Lou-Lou Thomas (Malcolm Mays) they run their dangerous organisation. READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up Raquel was a glamorous queen pin who kept her business on the down-low, she had a no-nonsense attitude and tough exterior which she had to use to be taken seriously. When people dismissed her, she would find ways to get payback, which was seen in the first episode. After Toni Deep (AnnaLynne McCord) rudely refused for Raquel to sell drugs in her club, the queen pin didn’t like her attitude and ordered the death of Toni’s precious pooch by microwave. Raquel was a force to be reckoned with and was ready to assert dominance without holding back In an interview with Deadline, actress Patina lifted the lid on why she chose to play the hardened criminal. She shared: “It kind of fell into my lap, the idea of the character. “I remember reading the script, and from the beginning to the end, I was just, enthralled by the whole thing, I’d never seen a character quite like Raquel Thomas.” The actress added: “I've done a lot of auditioning as a Black woman in the business, we've seen strong black female characters, but what we haven't seen is like a whole black woman. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street Leanne Battersby betrays Nick Tilsley's trust [INSIGHT] Power Book 4 season 2: 50 Cent unleashes furious reaction over network [REACTION]Raising Kanan: Raquel star reveals the ‘inspiration’ for the character [INSIGHT] “That's her being strong, her being loving or being vulnerable, so many colours to who the character is. “This was the first time that I had seen that in a script and it excited me to be able to play all of those different things,” Patina concluded. Although Raquel tried her best to keep their activities shielded from her son, Kanan landed in the middle of danger when he thought a rival gang was selling on his mother's corner. The teenager took it upon himself to defend the corner and shoot at the group, killing a member, who was then out for revenge. While Raquel was tough on the outside, the shell would break away around Kanan who she was protective over and could be vulnerable around. Unbeknownst to him, she had made a deal with the gang and given up the corner. With a price on his head, Raquel could no longer shield her son from the dangers and had to teach him how to protect himself with the use of weapons. Although viewers know who his journey ended, they will soon be able to see how it progressed from this point, as season two was confirmed and in production. Raising Kanan is available to watch on Starz in the USA and on Starzplay in the UK. 