Cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became famous after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram, and has authored several books. Now, Mrs Hinch fans have taken to social media to create their own groups dedicated to sharing cleaning tips and hacks. On one such group, a user asked for tips to clean a gas barbecue. Facebook user Kate Squires posted: “Anyone have any tips on cleaning a gas barbecue? “Was given one that was neglected. I have tried Morrison’s BBQ cleaner, Pink Stuff and Astonish oven cleaner. “I just can’t get it as clean as I’d like. READ MORE: How to remove brown stains from a toilet - 4 ways to shift limescale “Maybe I’m expecting too much. It’s clean now but I would like it cleaner. Thanks.” Kate’s post was inundated with comments but some of the most popular involved using food hacks such as onions, lemons, ketchup and a potato. Kerry Sansom said: “Turn it on and clean it all with an onion chopped in half.” Clair Louise Langley replied: “Rub with raw onion then wire wool.” DON'T MISSLawn: 'Simple' trick to fix brown patches in your grass [INSIGHT]Garden weeds: ‘Effective’ 29p trick to ‘banish’ weeds from your garden [UPDATE]How to clean your earrings - the 7 steps to cleaning earrings [ANALYSIS] Becky Jenkin said: “I’ve heard people say heat it up then as it cools rub it with half a lemon and salt. Not sure if that's worth trying?” Pamela Seale commented: “Scrunched up tinfoil and tomato ketchup.” Bekah Bennett said: “This is gonna sound mental and I haven’t tried it myself. “In the good old days of How Clean is Your House? Aggie cleaned one with washing up liquid on a cut potato.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Louise Patricia Harrison replied: “Apparently tomato ketchup shifts rust.” Carey Underdown agreed and wrote: “Yep, second that. “It’s great scrubbed with scrunched up tin foil.” Clare Clarke said: “Tin foil and ketchup.” Other tips from Mrs Hinch fans included using Elbow Grease, a dishwasher and washing powder. Samantha J Crt said: “Elbow Grease do a barbecue cleaner. “Not tried it myself but might be worth a try.” Pam Moseley replied: “I did mine at the weekend. “Stripped it all down and soaked everything in hot water with biological washing powder for a few hours (used a plastic storage box to soak it in).  “Used Elbow Grease on all the fixed parts and it was brilliant, plus a bit of Pink Stuff and a scourer on the stubborn bits. Came up like new.” Beth Kennedy said: “Forget cleaning. Turn it on, get it real hot and use a non-scratch utensil and scrape everything as it cools. “Then take each piece apart and soak in Elbow Grease and scrub. “And any faded bits use BBQ/stove spray paint.” Jules Thomas commented: “If you have a dishwasher, place the plates and racks in there. “Otherwise putting them into washing powder to soak followed by a wire brush is good too.”