Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has made a plea to Marina Granovskaia to stay at Stamford Bridge after the club was put up for sale by owner Roman Abramovich. The Russian wants to sell the Blues in wake of his country’s invasion of Ukraine last week. “I will not comment on speculation about that [Marina's future],” Tuchel told press on Friday ahead of his side’s Premier League clash with Burnley. “My communication with Petr [Cech] and Marina has been excellent from day one. “Hopefully it stays on the same level with the same person - but if not we will have to adapt.” There is now uncertainty at Stamford Bridge following Abramovich’s decision to put the club on the market. And the German boss admits he doesn’t have much influence over the unfolding situation at the club. READ MORE: Shakhtar Donetsk chief directs anger at Russian players after youth coach killed by shell   “We had a briefing here the day after the [FA Cup] match from Petr, who gave everyone here in the building - including the players - a quick brief and explained the situation," Tuchel continued. “It wasn't too much that we didn't already know so we have to live with this situation. “It doesn't make sense to worry too much because we don't have a lot of influence, if any influence at all.” Tuchel took the helm at Stamford Bridge in January 2021 and led the club to Champions League triumph just four months after arriving. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'make decision' on Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial's futuresSix relegation-threatened stars Man Utd can add to cut-price summer transfer shortlistMan Utd 'could offload 11 players' in mass exodus with three managers under consideration     Last month, the 48-year-old also guided his side the Club World Cup glory after they defeated Palmeiras in the final of the competition. But he admits his future in the capital is now also up in the air. “I have the opposite problem of staying here,” Tuchel revealed. “Chelsea, from my point of view, is the perfect fit and I love to be here. Hopefully it continues. “There is uncertainty but isn't it always as a football manager? So I have trained to live with it at different levels and this is quite the level. But I am positive and I hope things will end well.” Chelsea saw off Luton Town in the FA Cup fifth round on Wednesday evening just three days after being defeated by Liverpool in the Carabao Cup final.  The Blues are all but out of the Premier League title race but hold a two-goal advantage over Lille going into the second leg of their last 16 Champions League showdown. And Tuchel insists his team cannot let the club’s impending sale derail their season. “It can affect [us] but we should be careful of giving an outlook," the ex-Paris Saint-Germain boss added. “We have 80 people in the building - 80 people with different life situations and characters, and they will all act differently. “We should give everyone the freedom to react how they want to react, but still influence and show everyone it is okay to focus on sports.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here