Republican Senator Lindsey Graham called on Russian President Vladimir Putin to be "taken out" during an interview with Fox News' Sean Hannity. Mr Graham, who was first elected to Congress in 2003, made the comments after it emerged Russian forces had shelled a nuclear power plant in Ukraine.  Mr Graham said: "Somebody in Russia has to step up to the plate. "Is there a Brutus in Russia? "Is there a more successful Colonel Stauffenberg in the Russian military?" "The only way this s**t ends my friends is for somebody in Russia to take this guy out." "You would be doing your country a great service and the world a great service." He added: "The only people who can fix this are the Russian people. JUST IN: 'Monumental mistake' Biden bashed for attempting to patch up Iran deal amid Putin invasion "Easy to say, hard to do. "Unless you want to live in darkness for the rest of your life, be isolated from the rest of the world in abject poverty, and live in darkness you need to step up to the plate." The historical reference was made in relation to Brutus who was best known for assassinating Julius Caesar in Ancient Rome. Whereas, Colonel Claus von Stauffenberg unsuccessfully attempted to kill the Nazi leader Adolf Hitler. Colonel Stauffenberg was subsequently executed for his attempt to take out the then German Chancellor. Mr Graham's comments come as 'Kill Putin' started trending on Twitter's politics section, with some 39,100 posts having been identified as connected to the phrase. READ MORE: Lavrov rants at Biden as he mocks EU 'under America control'  But they also suggest a key difference between the South Carolina Senator and ex-US President Donald Trump. Mr Trump, who has relied heavily on Mr Graham's support in recent years, has called Putin a "genius" and said he has outplayed Western leaders. The two former GOP allies have been locking horns in recent weeks, not least over Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The 45th President even called Mr Graham a 'Republican in Name Only' over the Senator's response to January 6 Capitol riots. Graham has since spoken out against Trump's comments on Putin. He said: "I think that was a mistake. I think I know what he was trying to say, you know, going into the Donbas. DON'T MISS'Liability' Kamala Harris causing 'exasperation and dysfunction' [REVEAL]Whoopi Goldberg hits back at Joe Biden critics over Russia [UPDATE]Donald Trump blasts Joe Biden over Russia's invasion of Ukraine [INSIGHT] "But, no. Let's just make it clear, Putin's not a genius, he's a war criminal." Mr Graham's appearance on Fox News occurred just as reports showed Europe's largest nuclear plant Zaporizhzhia had been targeted by the Kremlin. The attack marks a significant moment in Russia's brutal invasion of Ukraine. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky compared the attack to the 1986 Chernobyl disaster and has since spoken to Boris Johnson and US President Joe Biden. Despite widespread condemnation, Putin has so far opted to continue with his ruthless onslaught of Ukraine. Russian troops even took control of the key city of Kherson yesterday, according to local major Igor Kolykhaev. 