Russian forces have now said they will strike objects of the Security Service of Ukraine (SBU) and the 72nd Center for Information and Psychological Operations (PSO) in Kyiv. It comes as satellite images from Maxar, a US surveillance company, hold as many as 15,000 soldiers, a division-sized force, could be edging closer to Kyiv. The BBC said they had received a “pretty ominous warning” from the Russian Defence Ministry, saying they are “about to hit targets in the Ukraine capital Kyiv”. It continued: "In order to thwart informational attacks against Russia, [Russian forces] will strike technological objects of the SBU and the 72nd Main PSO Center in Kyiv. “We urge Ukrainian citizens involved by Ukrainian nationalists in provocations against Russia, as well as Kyiv residents living near relay stations, to leave their homes.” At the same time, Ukrainian defence minister Oleksiy Reznikov warned of a possible "psychological attack" by Russia. Writing on Facebook, he claimed Russia was first planning to disrupt communications, and added: "After that, there will be a massive distribution of fake news about Ukrainian military-political leadership allegedly agreeing to capitulation. "To substantiate the fake news, they will publish photos of signed documents and a fake video. This is a lie. “They will not get it! There will be no capitulation! Only victory!" READ MORE: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin loses 6,000 troops to fierce Ukraine fight In reports from The Times showing the satellite images of thousands of soldiers, former Brigadier Ben Barry, senior fellow for land warfare at the International Institute for Strategic Studies, said: “What this shows is Russia is assembling a large combined-arms formation, which is what would be needed for a deliberate attack on Kyiv.” He then told the outlet: “A key question in the mind of the Russian commanders attacking Kyiv is: can the defenders stop attacking armoured vehicles?” It comes after Russia struck Kharkiv, Ukraine’s second city, on Tuesday morning with missiles. The strike appeared to target government offices in Freedom Square in the city centre. According to emergency workers at least 10 people have been killed, and Ukrainian officials says dozens were injured. It also comes as the second round of Russia-Ukraine talks is planned for March 2. According to Russia's state news agency TASS reported, the sides had said they would meet again in the coming days. Meanwhile, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky urged the EU on Tuesday to "prove that you are with us" in Ukraine's war with Russia, a day after Kyiv officially asked to join the bloc. He said; "We are fighting to be equal members of Europe. Do prove that you are with us. Do prove that you will not let us go. “Do prove that you are indeed Europeans, and then life will win over death and light will win over darkness. "The EU will be much stronger with us." Boris Johnson, speaking during a visit to Poland, said Vladimir Putin is engaging in "barbaric and indiscriminate" tactics targeting civilians. Mr Johnson said  was prepared to "bomb tower blocks, to send missiles into tower blocks, to kill children, as we are seeing in increasing numbers". The Prime Minister, speaking with Polish counterpart Mateusz Morawiecki, added he was "increasingly confident" Russia's invasion would fail, adding that Mr Putin "must fail" in his aims in Ukraine. Mr Johnson also announced emergency aid and said the UK had placed 1,000 troops on standby to help with the humanitarian response in Europe.