Red Bull star Max Verstappen has opened up on his relationship with potential Ferrari title rival Charles Leclerc amid speculation of growing tension between the pair. Both drivers battled for victory in the opening race of the 2022 season in Bahrain and the Ferrari driver came out on top. The pair have history racing against one another, which dates back to their karting days. If 2022’s opening salvo is anything to go by, the pair will now be competing at the top of the standings for the biggest honour in motorsport - the F1 world championship. However, Verstappen is refusing to be drawn into another tense F1 rivalry, especially after last year’s heated battles with Lewis Hamilton. “I never speak about these things with other drivers,” he said while laughing during a video interview. “I mean, it happens. “I’ve lost wins, as well, and it’s not the end of the world, you move on. I think Charles is one of the most talented drivers in Formula One and he will win many more races. I think we are just good competitors and we like racing, I think you saw that when we were battling hard and it was all good.” JUST IN: Charles Leclerc used 'high risk' tactic in Bahrain Grand Prix battle with Max Verstappen The 24-year-old gave an honest view on his relationship with the Monaco native, revealing they had a tense relationship in their adolescent years, but it is much improved now at the elite level of motorsports. “I would say back in the day it was a little bit more difficult, but also (we) were very young and growing up and you are fighting for the same goal, right?” Verstappen said. “Now that you’re in Formula One, I think it is really different. You are representing really big brands. So we get on very well now. We can have a good chat and enjoy our battles, and I think that’s very nice. Knowing each other for such a long time helps. We’ve spent so much time together, in a way.” Following their battle on the track last weekend, an incident at the Styrian Grand Prix in 2019 was brought up, with Sky Sports’ Anthony Davidson claiming Leclerc has ‘never forgiven’ Max Verstappen for what took place. Speaking to the broadcaster, he said: “Leclerc, I thought, drove an excellent race, I really do. “He was feisty when he needed to be, cool and collected and saw the bigger picture. What I really liked, though, was his wheel to wheel combat with Max. I feel like this stems back from 2019 where they were in Austria, at the Styrian Grand Prix, and Max was hunting down Charles. “With two or three laps remaining, had a go in the turn three hairpin and didn’t make it stick the first time because he didn’t really squeeze Charles and gave him room round the outside and that was all fair. The next lap, however, he pushed him off the track and I don’t think Charles has ever forgiven him for that. I think Charles, every time he’s with Max now, treats him differently.” 