Chelsea are 'very interested' in signing Barcelona star Ronald Araujo as a potential replacement for Andreas Christensen, according to reports. Christensen is a strong target for Barca ahead of the summer transfer window. And in the opposite direction Chelsea could bring in a Barca player to fill the void he will leave. Christensen is out of contract at Chelsea at the end of the season. He is one of three first-team defenders at Stamford Bridge who are in that position. Antonio Rudiger and club captain Cesar Azpilicueta also see their deals expire in the summer. Azpilicueta is also a target for Barca, with Rudiger attracting plenty of interest from across Europe. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag has already planned first Man Utd change ahead of potential appointment  Spanish outlet Marca says Barca's pursuit of Christensen is already quite advanced. The La Liga club are prioritising defensive reinforcements and the Dane is at the top of their wishlist. Barca are attracted by Christensen's age and ability on the ball, but mainly because he can be signed for no transfer fee. However, Marca claims Barca have to be careful over the future of Araujo. DON'T MISSMan Utd have 'submitted transfer offer' as Harry Maguire faces being replaced [GOSSIP]Arsenal's spectacular XI next season with three new signings and William Saliba [OPINION]Roman Abramovich brushed Chelsea star aside 'Don't want to see your face' [INTERVIEW]  That is because Chelsea are keen on signing the Uruguay international. Araujo is in discussions to extend his contract at the Nou Camp, with his current deal expiring in 2023. All reports have claimed the 22-year-old wants to stay at Barca. However, Chelsea's interest now adds to Manchester United's fondness of the player.  If Chelsea are to lose more than one of Christensen, Azpilicueta and Rudiger, then it would be inevitable they would look to sign a new defender. Trevoh Chalobah has impressed in his first full season in the first team and Malang Sarr has done well on occasions. But Thomas Tuchel won't want to rely on 37-year-old Thiago Silva to play the large majority of games. Barca want to keep Araujo but if a new contract cannot be sorted then they may be forced to sell this summer to prevent the risk of losing him for free in 2023.  Erling Haaland is Barca's top target for this summer, which is why they are prioritising free transfers such as Christensen. Selling Araujo would help raise funds for the likes of Haaland. But it would also leave Barca short of options at the back, with Marca claiming Samuel Umtiti, Clement Lenglet and Oscar Mingueza could all leave this summer. That would leave 35-year-old Gerard Pique, Eric Garcia and Araujo as the only centre-back options before the arrival of Christensen.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here