The NatWest Help Twitter page has confirmed that they are aware of the issue and the tech team is working hard to fix it at the moment. Other users have also reported issues with accessing the RBS app, which is part of the same banking group as NatWest. The NatWest Help Twitter account has replied to many online complaints about the outage saying: “There is an issue with the app which has just occurred and is currently being looked into. “We're working to get this back up and running ASAP for you! We really appreciate your patience!” It has been noted the outage is preventing some people from accessing their account on mobile banking. READ MORE: Woman shares worrying tactic scammers used to gain bank account access - 'I was sceptical' 74 percent of Downdetector reports have been regarding this issue, while a much smaller 25 percent of reports are concerning online banking issues. RBS Bank’s outage has seen similar numbers with 81 percent of reports concerning mobile banking and a meagre 18 percent regarding online banking. RBS customers have also been encouraged by their own help page on Twitter to attempt closing down their app and reopening it to try and clear the glitch. The issues began just after 8am this morning according to Downdetector reports although the NatWest website notes that all services are working normally. The Help Twitter account has told some customers that they should be able to use online banking through their automated telephone service. Customers can use the number found on the back of their card to get in contact with this automated service while the outage continues. Some customers have lodged complaints on social media that the website and main social media accounts for NatWest don’t refer to anything about the outage. Express.co.uk has contacted NatWest asking for comment.  Twitter user James Winder commented: “@NatWest_Help why do you deliberately lie to your customers and pretend everything is ‘working normally’ when clearly it’s not true?” The error reportedly says the following: “We’re sorry, some kind of error has occurred when trying to establish a connection between your device and ourselves. “Please close the app and try again.”  So far this morning, Downdetector has recorded over 2,000 complaints about the NatWest outage while RBS customers seem to be slightly less affected with a high of only 261 complaints shortly before nine this morning. DownDectector recorded more than 1,700 complaints from NatWest customers shortly after 9am, alongside over 200 complaints from RBS users. The Mirror warned that customers are not necessarily entitled to money back or compensation for outages like this. Rather they noted it depends on how badly the outage impacts customers, for example if it has made them miss a bill or payment.