Emilio Delgado, who played Luis the Fix-It shop owner in Sesame Street for 40 years, has died at the age of 81. His wife told TMZ the star had slipped away on Thursday, having battled blood cancer.  Carol Delgado said her husband was with his loved ones at the time in his New York City home. According to TMZ, he had been diagnosed with the blood cancer Multiple Myeloma in December 2020. He had recently gone into a hospice to be cared for there. Emilio starred in several productions over the decades, but he was perhaps best known for his role on Sesame Street, which he played since 1971. He took a brief hiatus in the 1980s, but returned within a year. The Mexican star continued in the role until 2016, when his contract was not renewed. There were talks of bringing him back on to the show, and he still represented Sesame Workshop at public events. His role on the programme was praised at the time for being the "antithesis" of lazy stereotypes about Mexican people that were cruelly perpetuated at the time.   He was also credited with helping generations of children learn to speak Spanish. Emilio only expected his role to last two series - but it ended up spanning four decades. He also starred in several other programmes including Quincy, M.E, Lou Grant, Falcon Crest, and Cannon. He has also appeared in films such as I Will Fight No More Forever, Born to the Wind - White Bull, and A Case of You. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top [PHOTOS]Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [UPDATE]  As well as his wife Carol, Emilio leaves behind two children - son Aram from his previous marriage, and daughter Lauren, who he shared with his widow. A fan page for The Muppets paid tribute to the late actor, writing: “We are heartbroken to report the passing of Emilio Delgado; best known as Luis Rodriguez on Sesame Street, who joined the series in 1971. “Thank you for all of the wonderful memories.” The Daily Muppet also took to the platform to write: “We here at the Daily Muppet are saddened to report the death of Emilio Delgado, who played the role of Luis on Sesame Street for almost 50 years.   “Rest in peace, your contributions will not be forgotten.” Zach added: “Hasta luego, Luis.  Sorry for the loss of the entire @sesamestreet community. “He was iconic, especially for Latino representation. “He will be missed by the multiple generations who grew up learning Spanish and other lessons from him.  #RIPEmilioDelgado”. 