Piers Morgan, 56, was in Australia to meet his colleagues at Sky News Australia and even had an encounter with Prime Minister Scott Morrison during his time there. The former Good Morning Britain presenter has taken to social media to bid farewell for now, after making sure that he "ruffled feathers" before his departure. Piers took to Instagram to share a video from his hotel room window, in view of his 1.8 million followers: "Farewell, Sydney. I leave you as I found you a week ago… and how you’ve been the entire time…. chucking it down! "But it was still a wonderful trip and my hotel @parkhyattsydney was one of the very best I’ve ever stayed in. "Who can moan when you have a view like this from your room? READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him "Beautiful harbour, great city, and special thanks to everyone at Sky News Australia for making me feel so welcome. "We seem to be already ruffling all the right feathers. Can’t wait to get started on the new show." Many social media users took to the comments to talk about what Piers got up to during his time in Australia. Dimarisgeorge said: "Thanks for triggering Kevin Rudd - that is GOLD!!" Kirstylouisegarbutt added: "Hhahahaha, your speciality sir - Ruffling feathers and don't ever change either." (sic) Ladyhawk33 commented: "Can't wait to see your show! "Safe travels, and many thanks for ruffling feathers, keep it up!" Piers found himself to be a huge talking point while in Australia, even chatting with the nation's Prime Minister Scott Morrison. DON'T MISS... Tom Parker receives 'revolutionary treatment' in Spain amid incurab... [HEALTH] Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [INSTAGRAM] Sean Penn shares heartbreak as he walks to Polish border amid invasion [INSIGHT] He also appeared on the Breakfast TV show out there "that would let me express my opinions" in another swipe at the Good Morning Britain gig. Fans will remember he famously stormed off Good Morning Britain last year after getting into a row with co-star Alex Beresford over comments made about Meghan Markle. Following his infamous departure from GMB in March 2021, the outspoken journalist promised his latest show will celebrate "the right of everyone to have an opinion". Promoting his brand new series, Piers said: "I’ll be a tri-continent irritant which is something I’ve been aspiring to be for quite some time. "If you’ve missed me on morning TV, I’m sorry, I’ll be back very soon." Piers' new gig will offer "a mix of programming from News UK’s stable of household brands" covering news, sports, entertainment and current affairs with a sprinkling of opinion and debate. Speaking about working with Rupert Murdoch, Piers said: "Rupert Murdoch has been a constant and fearless champion of free speech and we are going to be building something new and very exciting together."