Liverpool have been given more evidence that a tip that Jude Bellingham is the "complete midfielder" was correct. The 18-year-old has become a target for the Reds over the past year following his impressive performances for Borussia Dortmund. Those displays have seen him earn a regular place in Gareth Southgate's England squad, including in the international break just gone. Bellingham featured in both games in the past week, coming on as a late subsitute against Switzerland before playing all 90 minutes against the Ivory Coast. The wonderkid was at his brilliant best on Tuesday night, running the game from midfield as England secured a comfortable win. In fact, he impressed so much that he was named man of the match, in what was just his 12th appearance on the international stage. Bellingham's performance has only confirmed his status as one of the brightest young players in the game. But his starring role at Wembley will be nothing new to Liverpool, who have already been told that he is the "complete midfielder". READ MORE: Ferdinand snubs Man Utd, Chelsea and Liverpool trio from England XI That was the view of Gabby Agbonlahor back in September, when Bellingham had started the campaign brightly with Dortmund. The former Aston Villa star encouraged the Reds to make a move for him as he hailed the wonderkid. "I think Jude Bellingham suits the Liverpool team. I think he’s a complete midfielder. The age he’s at now, he’s going to get better and better so it makes sense for Liverpool. They need to get more players in that team, they’ve not replaced [Gini] Wijnaldum, Harvey Elliot is a good player but they need someone like Bellingham in there," Agbonlahor told talkSPORT. DON'T MISS: Liverpool handed £84m transfer respite for Klopp's potential last move (TRANSFERS)Jude Bellingham sent clear transfer message by Southgate (NEWS)Liverpool may have already given away summer transfer plans (INSIGHT) Bellingham only gave more evidence that Agbonlahor's analysis was correct with his display at Wembley. The Dortmund star completed 88 per cent of his passes, 100 per cent of his attempted dribbles and made five recoveries. All that was missing was a goal, but given his creative force for Dortmund, this should not a concern for Liverpool. Agbonlahor's tip that he is already "complete" will surely only be proven further during the final months of the campaign.