Chelsea ownership hopeful Sir Martin Broughton has assured supporters over the future of head coach Thomas Tuchel. A consortium led by Broughton submitted its bid before Friday’s 9PM deadline.   Chelsea are up for sale following government-imposed sanctions on Roman Abramovich. The Russian has had his UK assets frozen a fortnight ago due to his alleged associations with president Vladimir Putin. Bids to buy Chelsea had to be submitted to the Raine Group on Friday evening. The government is overseeing the sale and wants a conclusion by May 31. Broughton has put together a consortium that also includes Lord Seb Coe, with 15 other bidders believed to have contacted the Raine Group on Friday. The former Liverpool chairman has promised to reveal other people involved in the coming weeks.   JUST IN: Man City ace Silva gives Guardiola headache by revealing future plans And the 74-year-old has also told Chelsea fans that boss Tuchel will remain in his job. The German’s future has been unclear due to the crisis in which Chelsea have operated since sanctions were imposed on Abramovich. Tuchel has been linked with the soon-to-be vacant Manchester United but Broughton feels Chelsea fans want him to stay. “Do the fans want Thomas Tuchel to stay? Absolutely, they want him to stay,” Broughton, a Blues supporter himself, told talkSPORT. “There isn’t a Chelsea fan around that I know who would suggest any other solution. That will finish up being down to Tuchel but there’s only one position we’ll be taking.”   DON'T MISS...Liverpool icon edges to Anfield exit with AC Milan interest 'serious'Man Utd receive Ten Hag boost with Ajax ready to 'respect agreement'Liverpool have upper hand over Salah in talks because of four players  Abramovich waived a £1.5billion debt owed to him by Chelsea. But it is unclear whether the 55-year-old could have earned that figure back anyway. The former owner, who purchased the club in 2003, spent vast sums of money on ensuring success in West London. Broughton has insisted the huge spending will continue if his bid is success. “Philosophically, we support the Financial Fair Play approach to football. Once those rules are determined again, we will commit to keeping within the rules,” he continued.    “But we have the money. We have the commitment and we are determined to keep the club where it is. I don’t want to be, and none of the guys in the team want to be, the guy who took the club from where it is today to mediocrity. “We’re not interested in doing that and making a bit of money. That’s not the name of the game. We want to stay right at the top.”   