NBC’s long-running procedural drama Law and Order SVU, has been premiering on screens since 1999. Actor Christopher Meloni who first starred as Elliot Stabler in the pilot episode revealed his mother was the reason why the show dropped its original name.  On Monday, Meloni and his beloved co-star Mariska Hargitay were special guests on Late Night with Seth Meyers. This is where the two actors opened up and revealed the show once had a different name before it premiered on NBC. During their conversation, Stabler revealed Law and Order SVU was originally called Sex Crimes. The 60-year-old also recalled landing the role of Detective Elliot Stabler as well as his mother’s concern about the show’s title. READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is Meloni recounted: “It was called Sex Crimes and I literally went, ‘Okay…’” His mother also had a few questions about the show, continued: “As did my mother because when we got it, when we screen-tested and we got it, I go, 'Mom, I got it!’ “[She said] 'You got what?' [and I said,] 'I'm on Sex Crimes!’” he added. “She's like, ‘Can they change the name?’” Hargitay’s, who also made her first appearance in the first episode of the show, recalled how much Meloni’s mother wanted its name changed.  The 58-year-old actress revealed his mother went as far as confronting the show’s creator Dick Wolf, to change the title. Hargitay stated as a result: “She called Dick [Wolf] and he did change the name!" She added: “We were actually beginning to do a little publicity for it and one of the publicists ran up to us — we're doing a little publicity line and I said 'It's great to be working on the great new show, Sex Crimes” “And she came running up ‘Hey! Don't ever say those words again!’” Meloni recalled. “It's SVU.” DON'T MISS...'He LAUGHED at the joke!' Eamonn Holmes blasts Will Smith [INSIGHT] Law and Order fans 'fume' as new NBC crime drama missing from slot [REACTION] Law and Order SVU season 23: Garland’s return confirmed [INSIGHT] “Nobody will watch a show called Sex Crimes,” Hargitay laughed With Law and Order SVU consistently being on since 1999, the series became the longest-running primetime live-action series in the history of US television. It followed the professional lives of the Detectives and their team of investigators as they focused on solving cases for the Special Victims Unit of the NYPD. The series also delved into the personal lives of the team which often affected their work Although their characters never got together, both Olivia Benson and Elliot shared a special spot in their hearts for one another. While they often flirted with each other, the two were always tied to different people and never got the chance to give it ago. However, things could soon change, as Mariska recently revealed; “They’re working on it,” following Elliot’s return. She added: “But Olivia Benson is hurt, he left me in the lurch for ten years. She’s frightened.” Law and Order: Special Victims Unit is available on NBC in the USA. A UK release date has yet to be announced.