Fiorentina are keen to sign Lucas Torreira on a permanent contract from Arsenal at the end of the season. Torreira is currently on loan with the Italian club and the Gunners are desperate to offload the midfielder to free up space in their squad and generate much-needed transfer funds.     Torreira has made 26 appearances for Fiorentina this season, contributing two goals and one assist across all competitions. The 26-year-old has adapted well to his new surroundings and it now appears extremely likely that La Viola will move to make his stay permanent in the summer. Arsenal are in the midst of a squad overhaul themselves and Torreira is not the only player they are keen to offload. According to Italian newspaper La Nazione, via Sport Witness, the feeling is mutual between Arsenal, Fiorentina and the player, but that doesn’t mean a deal will be straightforward. JUST IN: Simeone sends message to Atleti chiefs about Lukaku amid Chelsea woes  Torreira’s current loan deal contains an option to buy for around £12.5million (€15m), yet Fiorentina will reportedly still try to negotiate the price down. The Uruguay international will have one year left on his Arsenal contract by July, but has no desire to return to north London. He signed for Arsenal in a £26m transfer from Sampdoria in July 2018 and he reportedly earns in the region of £75,000 per week.  DON'T MISS Manchester United's next boss told the first signing he needs to make Chelsea's Abramovich sanctions could reshape Arsenal's transfer plans Man Utd urged to axe seven stars this summer as Rashford told to stay Torreira is one of a few players Arsenal will look to sell this summer to aid another wave of new arrivals at the club. Takehiro Tomiyasu, Aaron Ramsdale, Ben White, Nuno Tavares, Albert Sambi Lokonga and Martin Odegaard were all signed on permanent deals at the start of the season. But according to The Evening Standard, they are far from done, with two strikers, a midfielder, a winger, a left-sided centre-back and a right-back all being targeted. To fund those arrivals, Arsenal will need to sell and Torreira is among the current loanees who could depart permanently.  Defender Dinos Mavropanos, who is currently on loan with Stuttgart, and midfielder Matteo Guendouzi, who is with Marseille, could be sold. Ainsley Maitland-Niles, who is currently on loan with Roma, and Pablo Mari, who is with Udinese, could follow to provide extra funds. Meanwhile, William Saliba, who is on loan with Marseille, and Folarin Balogun, who is at Middlesbrough, are expected to play a part in Arsenal’s plans going forward. The squad trim started in January, with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang (Barcelona), Calum Chambers (Aston Villa) and Sead Kolasinac (Marseille) all allowed to leave on free transfers. 