CBS’ Blue Bloods followed the Reagan family, led by patriarch Frank Reagan (played by Tom Selleck), whose pride lies in the fact his entire family works in law enforcement.The recent episode, titled ‘Guilt’, was a huge milestone for the show and as a result, Tom Selleck revealed why it made him emotional. The most recent episode of Blue Bloods was the show’s 250th episode. Ahead of its release, the 77-year-old actor answered fan questions about his role as Frank, the New York City Police Commissioner. Frank made his first appearance in the pilot episode, which landed on screens in 2010 and has since been featured in all 12 seasons of the series. However, one iconic episode from 2011 remained fresh in the actor’s mind when asked about his favourite episode. READ MORE: Coronation Street matriarch Aggie Bailey dead as Abi takes revenge? Speaking with TVInsider, Selleck revealed: “The one that will always be my favourite is ‘The Job,’ [Season 2, Episode 12]. “In which you found out that Frank was in the World Trade Center’s North Tower on 9/11t was quite stirring because 9/11 was still fresh in people’s minds. He admitted: “It was hard for me to be strong as an actor, not to break down because Frank is tougher than that. “My friend F Murray Abraham [Leon Goodwin] but Frank doesn’t like psychologists, the episode winds up dealing with the people who got sick from being there at the time.”  Selleck recalled: “We were the first show allowed to show the Trade Center Memorial, right after it was finished. It was written by Brian Burns, who just wrote the 250th.” In the episode, the police commissioner remembered the mission which based him and his partner John McKenna (Mitchell Mcguire) in the North Tower. Together they were inside helping victims when the second tower was hit and then collapsed. The episode showed Frank was still dealing with trauma from the things he saw as well as the aftermath of 9/11. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street 'double exit' as Nick Tilsley 'splits' from Leanne [THEORY]Blue Bloods season 12: Frank and Jamie set for explosive family feud? [THEORY]Blood Bloods season 12: Eddie and Jamie baby sealed? [THEORY] This included John’s death, and although the show never stated what killed him, viewers were made aware he had a respiratory issue. He began to have problems with breathing after inhaling the air on ground zero. As a result, Frank was left to deal with survivors' guilt as they had both been breathing the air but only John died. Thankfully, he sought professional help from a therapist after he could no longer deal with insomnia on his own.  Another fan asked Selleck why he thought the show stayed relevant and achieve high ratings after 12 years on screen. To which he responded: “Because it’s a character-driven show, the cop drama is a backdrop for the lives of the five main characters. “The audience is so in the heads of these characters that the biggest jeopardy in our show is often when one of the relationships in the Irish Catholic family looks like it’s going south. He concluded: “For instance, Erin [Bridget Moynahan] and Frank are increasingly in conflict the higher she moves up in the DA’s office.” Blue Bloods season 12 is available to watch on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced yet. 