With just a week to go before the new season starts, Max Verstappen has fuelled speculation over his future beyond his recent contract extension. The Red Bull driver is the man to beat in 2022 following his dramatic title win at the death in Abu Dhabi in December last year. Verstappen has always been Red Bull's main man, with the constructors' giants envisioning him one day winning the world championship, and that hope became a reality last season. Red Bull team principal Christian Horner will be desperate for his star driver to seal glory over Lewis Hamilton once more in 2022, and really start a period of dominance for his team over Mercedes. And after signing a new deal until 2028, which puts him alongside Hamilton on £40m-per-year, there's certainly the chance of that becoming a reality. Red Bull can now breathe easy over his future with another six years of the partnership ahead, but already there has been talk about what will happen beyond that. JUST IN: Christian Horner has private talks with FIA president amid Mercedes 'illegal' car row Verstappen, currently at the second round of pre-season testing in Bahrain, was quizzed on his future beyond 2028 over the weekend. And he didn't exactly quash talk straight away. When asked by Sky Germany if he can imagine ending his career at Red Bull, the Dutchman replied "maybe". Then when asked if he could envisage himself driving for another team, Verstappen responded: “At the end of my contract, I am 31. Then I did many years in F1. Let‘s see if I will continue or not after that.” The 24-year-old has previously been linked with a potential move to fellow constructors' giants Mercedes and Ferrari, albeit rather tenuously for the time being with him tied down to Red Bull. DON'T MISSChristian Horner makes Mercedes accusation as Carlos Sainz agrees with Red Bull chiefLewis Hamilton exposes truth on bad blood with 'ruthless' F1 rival Max VerstappenMax Verstappen fires shot at Mercedes as he makes brutal joke about Lewis Hamilton's car But for now, Verstappen's sole focus is on retaining his world championship in 2022 - and he will be desperate to get off to the perfect start when the Bahrain Grand Prix opens the new season next Sunday. However, Verstappen predicts it will be much tougher this season, and is not convinced it will be a straight fight between himself and Hamilton for glory. Verstappen believes Ferrari, who have impressed during pre-season testing in Barcelona and now Bahrain, will have a big say during this campaign. When asked if Hamilton is the man to beat this year, Verstappen said: “I don’t think so. Ferrari also look strong this year, at least now in the tests. “It’s difficult to judge the others. Some teams still get some upgrades before the first race.” He then added: “It‘s difficult to say. So far, Ferrari look strong. Mercedes will always be there. For us, it looks positive.”