Paramount Network’s highly acclaimed western series Yellowstone recently landed its first major nomination at the Screen Actors Guilds Awards. Teeter star Jennifer Landon took to Instagram and paid tribute to the entire cast with a touching message.   Last week the cast of Yellowstone arrived on the red carpet of the Screen Actors Guilds Awards after receiving their first-ever nomination. It was a big night for the ensemble as viewers believed they were ‘snubbed’ despite years of the show’s consistently high ratings. Kevin Costner who portrayed patriarch John Dutton led the cast which included Jennifer Landon, Kelsey Asbille, Luke Grimes and stars of the spin-off Y 1883, Tim McGraw and Faith Hill. Landon, who played Texan hand ranch Teeter, took to Instagram and dedicated a touching post to her co-stars after the nomination. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump The actress posted a number of photos taken on the red carpet, which also included a group snap with some of the women from the show. They were captioned: “Man, oh man! I love the humans I work with and I was just so glad to see them get recognized for their work. What an honor it has been to be a tiny part of it.” Landon also gave thanks to her team which included her hairstylists, makeup artists and stylist. She added: “PS last pic is my realising a lifelong dream of integrating a thumbs up into a red carpet pose.” Fans congratulated the cast and shared their excitement and admiration for the actress in her comments. Katie Boscovitch wrote: “You looked stunning! Love you so much and so proud of you.” Terry Walters added: “You look ahhhhmaazzing and so happy for you.” Fellow actor, Joel Johnstone commented: “So incredibly happy for you and all and so well deserved! Also, that sets a new high bar for thumbs up.” DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest lost for words over valuation of FA Cup medals [REACTION]Y 1883: Sam Elliott’s furious rant at Oscar nominee [INSIGHT]Yellowstone’s Jefferson White opens up about the injuries on set [INSIGHT] Governor Perry star Wendy Moniz also complimented the actress: “Beauty inside & out.” Landon’s co-star Harrie Harrison who played Laramie added: “Hahaha!! I love you, you smokeshow.” Yellowstone was nominated in the category of Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series, however, it lost out to Succession. This was a well-deserved nomination for the show after its season four finale was viewed by a whopping 10.3 million fans, which was 81 per cent higher than its season three finale of 5.2 million. Speaking on the future of the series, Chris McCarthy, President and CEO, ViacomCBS Media Networks stated: “Yellowstone continues to shatter records with more than 11 million viewers tuning into the season finale. “Proving we've hit a cultural nerve from the center of the country to each of the coasts and still have lots of room to grow on linear. “Our strategy to franchise Yellowstone into a universe of series to fuel growth for Paramount+ is already exceeding expectations with 1883 and Mayor of Kingstown proving to be two of the top titles.” Thankfully, for fans, Yellowstone was recently renewed for a fifth season which means they will soon find out the fate of their favourite characters after its jaw-dropping finale. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on the Paramount Network in the USA. Seasons 1-2 are available to purchase on Amazon Prime Video in the UK.