For the leader of the Opposition Sir Keir Starmer those were what his questions focused on saying if the Prime Minister could not stop something like this those [P&O] workers being sacked and agency workers being employed instead then what was the point of him. Boris leapt to his feet giving a strong rebuttal saying he felt that section 194 of the Trade Union Act 1992 looks like it was broken and they [the Government] would be taking charges against them [P&O]. Flanking either side of Keir Starmer were his shadow transport minister who kept shouting “pathetic pathetic” at Boris's replies. Next to Boris was the Chancellor [Rishi Sunak] - who I have to say did look anxious he was giving a statement - and [Home Secretary] Priti Patel was also there. The tone changed when the leader of the SNP Ian Blackford stood up and he first of all wanted to thank Virgin who are flying over a load of Ukrainian orphans and he wanted to thank them for that. But he too talked about the cost of living crisis as he called it “a poverty pandemic” and he wants to know what the Chancellor [Rishi Sunak] was doing to help the people of Great Britain. Boris said he didn't have to wait long, he called [Blackford] a Mystic Meg and said he could just wait a little bit longer and he would find out what was happening. Interestingly one of out of only two MPs from the Alba Party stood up. That was Kenny MacAskill. He said what are we going to do with the cost of living energy price?  He asked how is it that we've got an energy rich Scotland but fuel poverty Scots. This had to change taking a swipe against Nicola Sturgeon and the SNP. There were lots of other things talked about. I mean it is difficult to do PMQs with 650 people who all could be asking different questions. We had questions about the FA, an independent regulator from Labour MP Graham Stringer. We also had questions about the DVLA, massive issues about driving licences, when are they coming forward, how quick can we do them, what can we do? Then two very local questions, two different areas vying to be the City of Culture and they came from the questions from Bradford and Wrexham. So but all in all it was noisy, there was a lot going on and the Speaker did actually have to intervene at one point to say can we have temperate language, can we have moderate language? That was when Bill Esterson stood up again talking about the P&O workers and what was Boris Johnson going to do? So it didn't last 30 minutes today, it went well over it went to 45 minutes and now we have the Chancellor speaking about what he's going to do to help people with the cost of living and answering some of those questions. 