Death in Paradise's trainee officer Marlon Pryce, who is played by Tahj Miles, is one of Saint Marie's newest policing recruits. He was introduced to the BBC show in season 11 and quickly became a fan favourite thanks to his winning personality. Ahead of the series airing, the actor opened up about the "ridiculous" challenges he faced while filming in the well-loved programme.  Death in Paradise's trainee officer Marlon Pryce, who is played by Tahj Miles, is one of Saint Marie's newest policing recruits. He was introduced to the BBC show in season 11 and quickly became a fan favourite thanks to his winning personality. Ahead of the series airing, the actor opened up about the "ridiculous" challenges he faced while filming in the well-loved programme.  The police station was unsure about Marlon at first as he had been arrested in the past by officer Dwayne Myers (Danny John-Jules) for stealing. However, Commissioner Selwyn Patterson (Don Warrington) decided to take Marlon under his wing in series 11. As the series unfolded, it appeared as though Marlon had left his life of petty crime behind him to throw himself into the police force. Death in Paradise viewers have an agonising wait until the next series returns to the BBC to learn more about his character.  READ MORE: 'I just love it' Brenda Blethyn shares future plans for playing Vera Opening up about his role in Death in Paradise, Marlon actor Tahj admitted filming in the Caribbean has its problems. He explained: "In the heat, every scene can be challenging. "It can be a scene that has three lines in it, but when we’re outside in the blazing sun it can be ridiculous. "Then we can have a five-page scene in an air-conditioned room and it’s nice and easy."   The series is set on the fictional island of Saint Marie which is filmed in the Guadeloupe Islands. The islands were first populated possibly as far back as 3000 BCE by the indigenous peoples of the Americas. Tahj added: "We had a chase scene in episode one that was quite long. It was right underneath the sun - there were hills and bumpy roads and chickens flying about. "It was fun, but it was challenging thinking about how we can get it done while keeping ourselves safe and making it look like we know what we’re doing, especially when there are rogue chickens around!" DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise: Neville Parker star addresses filming set backs [LATEST]Death in Paradise star speaks on 'challenging' filming conditions [INTERVIEW]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little issues warning about Neville future [INSIGHT]   He admitted having to re-shoot scenes in the same location can also cause the actors to burn out. The star explained: “Doing three of those scenes a day in the heat, the energy can drop, it can get really tiring.” But Tahj also said he has found his own way of dealing with the scorching conditions when he is on set all day. “So, the main thing I learned was preserving your energy, whether it’s not going out at the weekend or making sure you’re prepared the night before,” he exclaimed.  The 12th season of Death in Paradise is set to air early next year. The BBC has confirmed Ralf Little, Don Warrington, Elizabeth Bourgine, Tahj Miles, Shantol Jackson and Ginny Holder will all return for the upcoming series with guest cast members yet to be revealed. The broadcaster has also confirmed the show will be back for a Christmas special later this year. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 