Seven-year-old Amelia Anisovych was filmed entertaining people sheltering in a Kyiv bunker by singing the iconic "Let it Go" tune from the Disney film Frozen. The young girl was praised for her resilience in the face of the Russians bombing her hometown. And on Sunday she made her television debut as she sang Ukraine's national anthem at a special charity concert in Poland, where she fled with her grandmother and siblings last week. Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid said: "Seven-year-old Amelia was singing that iconic song from Frozen in a bunker sheltering from the bombardment in Kyiv. "Last night, little Amelia, who is now in safety in Poland, sang the Ukrainian national anthem as she opened a major charity concert for her country. "It's a little bit of light and hope, isn't it?" Amelia confidently took to the stage in front of thousands of people at the Atlas Arena in Łódź for the "Together with Ukraine" concert. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S UKRAINE LIVE BLOG The biggest names of Ukrainian and Polish music performed to raise funds in support of Polish Humanitarian Action. Poland has been at the forefront of welcoming Ukrainian refugees fleeing the Russian invasion. Amelia earlier this month thanked people who "enjoyed my singing" during an interview with the BBC. The young girl said: "I practise singing every day in the morning, afternoon and evening... it has always been my dream to sing.” Footage of Amelia performing in the bunker was shared online and racked up thousands of shares within hours. Marta Smekhova, who originally shared the video, said Amelia's performance had rendered the bunker silent. She said: "From the first word, there was complete silence. "Everyone listened to a song by this girl who was just beaming light." DON'T MISS: Fearless Ukrainians force Russian military to retreat [VIDEO]Russian troops cut off in devastating blow to Putin's war plan [VIDEO]Caring Britain will stand firm at Ukraine’s side [EXPRESS COMMENT] She added: "I promised her there and then that not only the bunker would hear her voice, but the whole world would." US actress and singer Idina Menzel, who lent her voice to the character of Elsa in Frozen, also shared the video with the caption: "We see you. We really, really see you." And Kirsten Anderson-Lopez, one of the original composers of "Let it Go", praised Amelia for helping others cope with the darkness of war with her "magic trick." She said: "Dear Little Girl with the beautiful voice, my husband and I wrote this song as part of a story about healing a family in pain. “The way you sing it is like a magic trick that spreads the light in your heart and heals everyone who hears it. Keep singing! We are listening!”