Petrol prices have stabilised for the first time in months since a surge in wholesale oil prices forced forecourts to hike consumer rates. While prices remain high across the country, the recent reductions are a glimmer of hope as the cost of living continues to rise. The latest squeeze on household budgets has seen drivers desperately seeking out the lowest-charging pumps, but where will you really get the best rates? How much will it cost to fill up your tank? According to latest figures published on Monday, March 21 by the RAC, average petrol prices are expected to fall across the UK over the coming weeks, though diesel rates are likely to remain high. At the moment, national averages for fuel across supermarkets and independent forecourts are: Brent crude oil - a global benchmark for prices - hit a near 14-year high of $139 a barrel during the early stages of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, but prices recently fell back to around $100. These have since risen to $115 per barrel as of Tuesday March 22, according to the BBC. READ MORE: Drivers face road toll charges to pay for electric cars - is this fair While filling up your vehicle in small doses is one way to spread the cost of petrol, long-distance journeys will force many drivers to pay-up for a full tank on a regular basis. With pump prices remaining above-average - despite a dip in wholesale costs - vehicle owners can expect to pay as much as £7.15 more on top of the existing cost of a full tank. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Daryl West, Head of Social Media and PR at Vanarama, said: “In the past couple of weeks, the average price of petrol has jumped to £1.55 a litre, whilst diesel has increased to £1.61. “Whilst this may not seem like a significant increase, it will now cost an additional £5.50 to fill up a standard 55-litre family car with petrol, and £7.15 for diesel.” Choosing the most affordable station to fill up at can seem impossible when prices are so high, but there are a few key reasons why supermarket forecourts could save you a few pence per litre. Nick Drewe, money-saving expert at WeThrift, told Express.co.uk: “Supermarket fuel is often cheaper than branded fuel. “While supermarket fuel usually comes from the same refineries as the big brands like Shell or Esso, these brands will usually add a range of special additives to their own fuels in order to improve efficiency and performance - which is why they tend to cost more.” DON'T MISS:Drivers may have to pay ROAD TOLLS if fuel duty is scrapped [INSIGHT]Vladimir Putin could crush NHS, banking and fuel [REVEAL]Rishi Sunak considers network of new toll roads [LATEST] Supermarket savings incentives and member-discounts can also make fuel costs more affordable in the long term. The Tesco Clubcard works at all Esso branded service stations with a Tesco Express shop attached, giving customers vouchers towards payment for fuel or in-store purchases. Some participating Esso branded service stations also accept Sainsbury’s Nectar cards. Esso said: “You can collect Nectar points on items you buy in the shop or on car wash facilities at most Esso branded service stations.” While you may find cheaper rates at popular supermarket forecourts, Michael Foote, personal finance expert and editor-in-chief of MOT comparison site Quotegoat.com warned that this isn’t always the case for some types of fuel. He said: “Typically, petrol at supermarket pumps is a few pence cheaper per litre, but that currently isn’t always the case for diesel, so check before you fill up.” Mr Foote recommended comparing local rates before making the journey for diesel, as it could work out cheaper to re-fuel your vehicle at the major garage chains. Another factor at play here could be the proximity of your local filling station. The sheer number of supermarket petrol stations in relation to residential areas outweighs that of branded retailers, meaning your journey to get petrol is more likely to cost less - reducing your weekly and monthly expenses. Falling wholesale prices will provide grounds for reduced pump prices, allowing retailers to lower the cost of petrol for their customers. As the pressure mounts on Chancellor Rishi Sunak to slash fuel duty, reports of a 5p per litre reduction could be a saving grace as the cost of living continues to soar. While talks of the temporary cuts will be welcomed by UK drivers, some opposition MPs have questioned whether the cut will go far enough to reduce costs. The RAC said the recent settling of prices could be an indication that retailers may have "finished" passing on their higher wholesale costs to customers, but it remained unclear whether prices will see a significant change.