Sir Rod Stewart, who resides with his wife Penny Lancaster at their Essex home, took to the country lanes to help repair the street. The 77-year-old rock legend has been hailed by locals who live in the area for fixing the dangerous potholes. Taking to Instagram, the Maggie May singer shared a video of the disrepair in his local area. The road could be seen with large holes filled with water, which the dad-of-eight revealed had been a nightmare damaging people's vehicles. In the video, Sir Rod could be seen holding a spade and sported a tracksuit with a high vis jacket. The performer shared the video in view of his 1.1 million Instagram followers. READ MORE: BBC's Deborah James 'so sad' after being rushed back to hospital He could be seen with a few workers as they all chipped in and filled the water-filled holes with gravel. Speaking in the clip, Sir Rod began: "I'm repairing the streets where I live because no one can be bothered to do it. "With a few of my mates." In another video, Rod explained: "This is the state of the road near where I live in Harlow. "It's been like this for ages.  "People are scraping their cars up. And the other day there was an ambulance with a burst tyre. "My Ferrari can't go through here at all." He went on: "So me and the boys thought we'd come here and do it ourselves. "Filling in the holes while millions and millions of pounds have been spent on the M11 [referring to nearby works on a new junction 7a at Harlow]." DON'T MISS... A Place In The Sun presenter Craig Rowe says filming thrown into chaos[LATEST]Demi Rose flashes derriere in tiny thong as model strips off[PICTURES]Tom Parker seen in a wheelchair amid battle with brain tumour[UPDATE] Sir Rod captioned the post: "Working for a living, filling holes is good for the soul!" He was swiftly inundated with messages, as social media users flocked to the comment section. The singer's daughter Kimberly Stewart added a heart emoji, while his daughter Ruby Stewart added clapping hand emojis. Instagram user, Gin and Slim wrote: "Well done! We live down the road from you and are so glad that finally something has been done about it." Chris Miller commented: "Legend Rod! That road is a nightmare!!! Appreciate it." Andrea Fabri remarked: "This guy is amazing." Ronan added: "Community service? Love it. Brilliant!" The road, which comes under the jurisdiction of Essex County Council's highways department, had never been in such a poor condition, according to locals. Christine Adams said: "Well done, Sir Rod, have lived on this road for 32 years and never seen it this bad and so dangerous. Thank you." Phil Stevens added: "Well done Rod. I live in Sheering Lower Road and have reported it several times." Express.co.uk has contacted Harlow Council representatives for comment.