Mould appearing on walls, in the bathroom or on the ceiling of properties can be a nightmare to clean - with the potential for it to spread, damage belongings and even cause a hazard to health. Experts at Treehugger, the home of all things sustainable, have shared three natural methods for getting rid of mould in homes. However, to get rid of mould completely homeowners need to understand exactly what mould is and what causes it. Mould is a fungus which breaks down dead material and thrives in certain conditions. Mould can be found in homes which offer moisture, warm air and materials to absorb. Materials like carpet, furniture, walls, wood and fabrics can all be ideal breeding grounds for mould. While it can spread rapidly, there are certain measures Britons can take to prevent and get rid of mould. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans ‘easy’ trick to remove bathroom ceiling mould The experts explained that baking soda is an “effective” ingredient to remove signs of mould. Baking soda is a pretty amazing substance with a multitude of functions. The versatile powder can be used to remove stains, keep furniture and clothes looking fresh, and best of all helps to remove mould. The cleaning experts said: “Used with vinegar and water or alone with water, baking soda is effective at removing mould naturally. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks [TIPS]How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas [INSIGHT]Houseplants: Using rusty nails is ‘vital’ to revive dying plants [EXPERT] “Baking soda is a natural disinfectant and very mild, so this solution will clean mould without leaving behind a scent.” They detailed how homeowners use baking soda to successfully remove mould. The experts said: “Dissolve baking soda into water or water-and-vinegar solution, and spray onto the surface. “Let it sit, then scrub and wipe with a damp cloth.” Another household product that can be used to “kill” mould is white vinegar. The experts said: “Though you can dilute it with water to cut the pungent scent, vinegar works best as a mould-killer when it's sprayed straight up from a bottle onto the offending area. “Studies have shown that white vinegar kills 82 percent of mould spores, as well as viruses and bacteria. “Vinegar also can prevent mould if you spray it on surfaces and leave it to dry.” They explained that white vinegar should be left on for a few hours, then scrub the mould with a brush. If the vinegar smell is bothersome, add a few drops of essential oil. Tea tree oil is also an “effective” natural “mould remover”. The experts said: “Tea tree oil, though effective as a natural mould remover, is more expensive than some other eco-friendly remedies, but just two teaspoons of tea tree oil mixed with two cups of water can last you a while. “Spray the solution onto the mould spores but do not rinse.” Although tea tree oil has a strong scent, it will disappear in a few days.