Mr Sunak, addressing the Tory party conference on Friday, March 18, said he can only do so much when the circumstances become as difficult as they have. While expressing "enormous sympathy for what people are going through" as a result of the cost of living crisis, he claimed: "I can't solve every problem. No government can solve every problem, particularly when you're grappling with global inflationary forces." Yet, speaking to Express.co.uk, three executives expressed hope in that, with small changes, the Chancellor can help their operations — and staff — make it through what one called a period "driven by fear". Paul Wilson, Director at table-ordering app Qbunk, said: "At the moment, whether you're a consumer or whether you're an operator, we are really living by fear. And that's, and that's just not good for business." And that fear, Mr Wilson added, can only be tackled through Government aid. He said: "In the past, Rishi (Sunak) has reacted to the cries for help for the sector, and yes, there's always a consequence that we have to pay back. "But at the minute, for me, it makes sense to keep the confidence in the consumer, because it's the consumer who holds the sector up and needs to go out and eat and drink and spend whatever disposable income they have." What the Qbunk boss would like to see on Wednesday, March 23, is an extension of the VAT break. In July 2020, No10 announced a temporary five percent reduced rate of VAT to certain supplies in the hospitality sector. While the reduced rate was initially introduced to last until January 2021, it was then extended to March 2021 and, for a second time, until September 2021 – at which point a new reduced rate of 12.5 percent was introduced until the end of March 2022. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak could be about to give thousands of low-income Britons a pay rise Mr Wilson said: "We're hoping that the break with the VAT is going to continue to be extended throughout 2023 – because the hospitality sector needs it, because the problems in the sector, these severe headwinds, are really affecting everyone." Getting this "vital" industry going, he added, "we will keep the economy going". In terms of VAT breaks, one on energy bills would be very much welcome among the leaders, too. Sean Keyes, Managing Director at structural and civil engineering firm Sutcliffe, said "one of the things that are in the front of everybody's mind" among his employees are energy costs – particularly for those who are "the primary breadwinner in a family". He said: "A number of people are concerned that their gas electricity bill is going to increase from £1,000 a year to £2,500 a year." Mr Keyes's words come as millions of households are about to pay an extra £693 a year on their bills from April after Ofgem sets the new cap. The Chancellor last month released a £9billion fuel relief package of measures to soften the impact of the surging costs, including a £150 council tax rebate for homes in bands A to D and a £200 credit on bills in October to be repaid over the next five years. He has been under growing pressure to extend the package. Mr Keyes, who thinks "there is definitely going to be fuel poverty", said there is no need for "anything outrageous" to content the British public. In line with Mr Sunak's pledge to "get the tax burden down" last week as he addressed ministers in Blackpool, Lancashire, there is anticipation the Chancellor will may cut fuel duty, possibly by as much as 5p, in response to hiking pump prices since Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine. Fuel duty is currently 57.95p a litre, plus 20 percent VAT. While the Conservative party has frozen fuel duty for 12 years, a move widely welcomed by payers, campaigners argue this clashes with the country's net-zero ambitions. Petrol and diesel, meanwhile, have risen by more than 40p and 50p compared with a year ago. Another key element of Wednesday's statement is universal credit. DON'T MISSCouncil tax reductions: Who is eligible and how to claim [EXPLAINER]Rishi Sunak drops bombshell on hard-hit Britons [REPORT]Drivers may have to pay ROAD TOLLS if fuel duty is scrapped [ANALYSIS] Dr Natalie Kenny, CEO of BioGrad Diagnostics, a laboratory and clinical training centre, said: "I'm really concerned that universal credit hasn't raised in line with increases in the cost of living. "My main concern is about the normal hard-working people, the people who have been hit the most during Covid, the people who have suffered the most, people who have been on the frontline. "They seem to be hit yet again." The Chancellor, after cutting universal credit by £20 a week in October (although he made some changes to expand the benefit), has faced calls to raise its value by more than planned to support the poorest households. As things stand, universal credit is set to rise by 3.1 percent in April, based on September's inflation rate. However, the Bank of England forecasts inflation could hit 8 percent this April. While it seems an unlikely scenario, if Mr Sunak were to take further action, he could argue a larger increase this year means a smaller rise or even a freeze in 2023. Dr Kenny, who would "like to see more support for families, especially younger families", thinks now is the right time to push for fairer pay. Describing herself as an "advocate for equality", she views the minimum wage rise from £8.91 to £9.50 an hour from April as a step in the right direction, yet still not enough. She said: "The minimum wage needs to rise – that's absolutely critical. "We set our minimum wage based on 20 percent of the average house price in the area so that any one single member of our staff can go and purchase a house. "I did it because I thought it was the right thing to do." Saying it would be morally wrong to see staff not being able to afford a house while the business grows, she argued decent salaries do in fact save companies money. She recalled: "What we found was once we increased the pay of our lowest-paid people, which cost us about 30 grand a month, we saved about 90,000 a month on recruitment costs. "As times change, this is the time to really look at business in a very different way."