Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is one of the most anticipated movies of the year, with star Benedict Cumberbatch even comparing it to Spider-Man: No Way Home. He said: “If it brings off the level of ambition it’s got, we’re going to have a success on the level of Spidey.” It will be exploring the consequences of the wallcrawler’s sequel, as Strange deals with reality itself collapsing. Despite being one of the strongest Avengers, he will still be taught by a child, or “Mary Sue” as some fans have called America Chavez. Since Stephen Strange first accepted the mystic arts and became a sorcerer, he has proved his power time and again. After all, if it wasn’t for him, the Avengers would never have been able to defeat Thanos in Avengers: Endgame. He once again showed his extensive knowledge of alternate realities in No Way Home, as he saved the world from an endless deluge of Spider-Man villains alongside Tom Holland's Peter Parker. However, in a new Empire magazine interview with Sam Raimi, the Doctor Strange 2 director admitted that the wizard will be taking notes from a 17-year-old. READ MORE: Ant-Man's Paul Rudd 'got his kit out' to co-star in prank gone wrong Raimi explained: “Strange is still learning about the Multiverse. And here’s a character that can actually travel through it. He’s such a know-it-all all the time, and to have to learn from a kid probably smarts. There's a lot of reckoning. And a lot of self-discovery. Strange is almost a stranger to himself before this film unfolds and reveals what, essentially, is in his nature, that he then has to either confront or resist or fall into or become. There are some very bold ideas, and some extraordinary tests of Strange and encounters. There are some very unexpected conclusions." The confirmation that he will have to “learn from a kid” upset many fans on social media, with one writing on Twitter: “Great another Mary Sue teaching moment. Sooo original these days.” Another, who wasn't aware Wong is the Sorcerer Supreme, added: “Yeah how the f*** does that make any sense. Doctor Strange studies in the dark and mystic arts while America Chavez hasn’t. What can she possibly teach the sorcerer supreme that he already hasn’t [learned]? That’s like a professional Micheline star chef getting advice and taught by a fast food [cook].” (sic) A third commented: “When you're the most talented sorcerer in the universe but have to learn some extra lesson from the kid (maybe same age as [Peter] Parker).” Another added: “Of course, because god forbid we have a competent white male protagonist in Phase Bore.” Despite the backlash, there is evidence to support the narrative decision. DON'T MISS...Spider-Man No Way Home digital and Blu-ray home release announced [INSIGHT]William Hurt dead: Oscar-winning actor dies week before 72nd birthday [EXPLAINER]Ghost Rider star Nicolas Cage breaks silence on 'temptation' to return [INSIGHT]  America Chavez is a Marvel Comics character whose powers literally revolve around the fact that she can travel through the multiverse. She creates portals between dimensions, whereas Strange was only scratching the surface of alternate realities in No Way Home. After all, it was him that said: “This multiverse is a concept of which we know frighteningly little.” Doctor Strange and the Multiverse of Madness will premiere on May 5.