Valerie Freer, 68, was pronounced dead after being discovered on her bungalow driveway just before 11am - following a suspected break-in, just 24 hours after separate raids on two nearby homes. The death of Mrs Freer, who lived with husband Derek, 72, in the village of Whittington, near Lichfield, Staffordshire, is being treated as murder. A 26-year-old man is under arrest. The suspect was held in Slough, 115 miles south of the village. Mrs Freer was a renowned breeder of Samoyed dogs. One - Champion Nikara Dancer - was reserve Best in Show at Crufts in 2014. Co-owner Susan Smith, her friend for 40 years, said at first her breeding animals were thought to have been the target. Mrs Smith, who lives in Bishop Auckland, County Durham, added: "Val would have fought tooth and nail for her dogs. But we have heard nothing more so it may have just been a straightforward burglary." "It is an awful shock. I would just like her to be remembered as a kindhearted woman who loved her dogs." Champion Nikara Dancer is now retired and lives with Mrs Smith. In a statement released through police Mrs Freer's family paid tribute to her "illuminating smile and infectious laughter". It added: "Words cannot even begin to describe how truly devastated we are to have lost our wonderful Val. "An incredibly beautiful lady both inside and out, she was always so loving and caring to all those around her. "She will be hugely missed, remaining forever in our hearts." The force said her death last Thursday is being linked to several incidents in the area last month. Officers have appealed for information about a red Peugeot 208 in the area between February 9 and 24. Police said the vehicle was hired in London on February 9 and driven by a white man, of slim build with a foreign accent. Neighbours said the area had been targeted by raiders last week. One woman said there were two attempted break-ins on a mile-long country lane, where many houses are gated. She said: "They were on Wednesday, the day before the murder. One householder had to physically close their door on an intruder." Det Supt Tom Chisholm, of Staffordshire Police, said: "We know that this incident will have deeply shocked the community."