Manchester United chief Richard Arnold wants ‘exhaustive research into candidates’ as the club step up their attempts to hire a new manager. Erik ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino are both being eyed by the club, despite being contracted to Ajax and Paris Saint-Germain respectively. Yet several other targets are being discussed as well behind the scenes as they plan for a brighter future. This summer, United are set to embark on yet another new era. The Red Devils have hired and fired four managers in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson retired, with David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer all overseeing turbulent spells in the dugout. At the current moment in time, Ten Hag and Pochettino seem to be frontrunners to take over from interim boss Ralf Rangnick. Ten Hag has done magnificently at Ajax in recent years, helping the Dutch giants re-establish themselves as one of Europe’s elite. Pochettino, meanwhile, has been admired by the United hierarchy ever since his days with Southampton. As well as the pair, the Red Devils have also been linked with the likes of Roberto Mancini, Carlo Ancelotti and Luis Enrique. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And The Athletic say Arnold wants ‘exhaustive research into candidates’ as the club explore their options. It’s stated that ‘a round of reconnaissance has been carried out’ in response to Arnold’s demand. United have already drawn up their shortlist and targets have been made to establish both ‘interest and potential costs’. It’s claimed they’re ready to make a decision on their No 1 target in the next few weeks, too, with the Red Devils not willing to wait until the summer. United want their next boss to be involved in constructing the club for both next season and the future right away. It’s previously been claimed they’d like an agreement similar to the one Manchester City had with Pep Guardiola in 2016. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Manuel Pellegrini was boss at the time, having replaced Mancini at the Etihad Stadium three years previously. But City announced Guardiola would be taking over at the end of the season while the Chilean was still at the helm. It provided clarity on matters and Pellegrini ended his time at the club on a high, steering the club into the Champions League at United’s expense on goal difference. Regarding Ferguson, it’s stated that the view of the United icon ‘has been sought’. However, the Scot won’t offer anything ‘more than a light touch’ with Arnold and other board members instead conducting their research. Rangnick, meanwhile, was asked for an update on United’s pursuit of a new boss prior to his team’s Premier League clash with Manchester City on Sunday. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And he kept his cards close to his chest while also hailing Guardiola and Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp. "It is pretty easy in football," he said. "You need the best possible people, have a clear idea and stick to it. "City and Liverpool have continuity and consistency on head coach for the past five or six years, and for me, Jurgen and Pep are the best two coaches on the planet. "They have a very clear identity about how they want to play. This is the secret behind their success. "This is what all the top clubs have in common and is something that needs to be developed at Manchester United." Guardiola, meanwhile, admitted he can see both United’s strengths and weaknesses. “I see the weakness points they have and I see the strengths points they have, but if I see this as an easy game I’m not going to sleep well,” he said. “To sleep well I have to see the best of them but when they don’t have the ball I try to find the weaknesses that they have. “But of course always I think the best version of all of them. Otherwise I would make a mistake.”