On the other hand, Vladimir Putin’s forces are becoming ever more brutal in their drive to subjugate their neighbour. In addition to their indiscriminate shelling of non-military targets, they are now holding 500 local citizens as hostages in the battered port of Mariupol and have pitilessly started to bomb the city of Zaporizhzhia, which had taken in 20,000 refugees. The catalogue of war crimes lengthens, from attacks on hospitals and housing blocks to the use of cluster bombs. Yesterday, in a grim symbol of Russia’s cruelty, footage appeared to show their troops on the outskirts of Kyiv carrying out a cold-blooded execution of an innocent civilian who had put up his hands in surrender. What all this savagery reveals is not the ascendancy of the Russians but their weakness. They are lashing out so inhumanely because their invasion is faltering in the face of tough Ukrainian resistance and tightening Western sanctions. That is precisely the same reason they are willing to engage more seriously in discussions for a settlement. If they were on course for an overwhelming victory, they would treat the idea of talking to Zelensky’s government with utter contempt. Military setbacks and economic collapse have forced them to the negotiating table. The fundamental reality is that the military campaign has not worked as Putin expected. He thought he would rapidly overrun Ukraine in the name of liberation, seize Kyiv, overthrow Zelensky, install his own puppet regime and make the country part of his revived Russian empire. But those dreams of rapid conquest have turned to ashes in the flames of the brave Ukrainian fightback. Russian losses so far have been horrendous. According to the Ukrainian Defence Ministry, around 13,500 of Putin’s troops have been killed, almost the same as the total Soviet death toll during the eight disastrous years of the occupation of Afghanistan in the 1980s. More conservative Western estimates put the figure at between 2,000 and 6,000 but there is no doubt Russia has suffered a series of colossal blows, including the killings of four generals and nine other commanders. Yesterday renowned Russian test pilot Alexander Garnaev warned that “sooner or later society will know the final number of losses and will be horrified.” It is not just manpower being eroded. The Russians have also seen armoured vehicles, including tanks, destroyed, badly damaged or abandoned. In the strength of their defiance, Ukrainians have written themselves into history. Their unbreakable national spirit has been accompanied by a daring gift for innovation and a shrewd use of their resources, particularly in the deployment of guerrilla tactics and the creation of fortified defences in Kyiv. They have also been greatly helped by Western support. Just as the Russian war machine has been weakened by sanctions, so the resistance has been bolstered by the flood of equipment, especially portable anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons. Putin made a serious error in believing the West would be split in its response to the invasion. On the contrary, the free world has been united as never before. But then the Russian strategy has been undermined by catastrophic blunders and mismanagement. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The advance of columns has been halted by fuel shortages, muddy terrain, and vehicle breakdowns. Much vaunted new communications systems have proved woeful, so much so that the Russians have had to use cheap imported Chinese radios or unsecured mobile phones. Thrown into the front line, inexperienced conscripts have been unwilling to fight, leading to a widespread collapse in morale. Putin might seek to pulverise Ukraine into submission but the failings of his military require him to consider the alternative of a negotiated deal that recognises the independence of Ukraine. In the early 1990s, the Irish Republicans accepted the peace process, not because they had become converts to democracy and conciliation, but because they had been beaten to a standstill by the British security forces, who destroyed their capacity to maintain the armed struggle. Putin may be about to learn a similar lesson.