Former Commons speaker John Bercow has refused to apologise despite receiving a life-time ban from holding a parliamentary pass after being found to be a "serial bully" and a liar. An independent inquiry said on Tuesday that he would have been expelled from the House if he was still a sitting MP after upholding 21 separate allegations. LBC's Iain Dale said: "I was thinking about how to start this interview, and my colleague Eddie Mair once started an interview with Boris Johnson, saying Mr Johnson you're a nasty piece of work. "Now reading this report, and I have read all 89 pages, the evidence is you're a bit of a nasty piece of work." Mr Bercow hit back: "I'm not a nasty piece of work at all, I'm a warm, empathetic, principled and passionate person, who had fantastic, I emphasise fantastic relations, with the vast majority of people with whom I worked and interacted throughout my time in Parliament." He added: "I absolutely deny that I bullied anybody in any way. "Such allegations in the future have to be brought within 12 months, some of these have no video evidence, no audio evidence, no email evidence, no text evidence, date back 12 years." READ MORE: Wallace lays down the law to Putin after warmonger ramps up WW3 threat  Mr Dale interjected:"How could they? They were private meetings within the House of Commons, they couldn't have been recorded." Mr Bercow continued: "No, they couldn't be recorded but there might have been emails or texts which would be indicative of the course of conduct and there is no such thing. "The point I'm making it's one person's word against another." The LBC host noted: "There is actually, there is evidence. Lord Lisvane kept a diary on his computer in the House of Commons." One of his accusers, Lord Lisvane, a former clerk of the Commons, said Mr Bercow had showed "hysterical petulance" for his "whining and whinging" in the face of the Independent Expert Panel's (IEP) damning conclusions. It was understood Labour, which Mr Bercow joined last year having previously been a Tory MP, has suspended his membership pending further investigation. Mr Bercow had appealed against the findings by Parliamentary Standards Commissioner Kathryn Stone to the IEP, which determines bullying sanctions. But the experts upheld her verdicts on the allegations from three complainants, who were staff during the period 2009 to 2014, without exception. DON'T MISS Labour on the wrong side of history AGAIN after welcoming Bercow [INSIGHT]Tory MP savages Bercow as he recalls 'suffering' amid bullying row [ANALYSIS]Brexit betrayal as UK ‘doubled down’ on EU’s policy [VIDEO] The panel, chaired by former appeal court judge Sir Stephen Irwin, said: "The findings of the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards, which we have upheld, show that the respondent has been a serial bully. "His evidence in the investigations, the findings of the commissioner, and his submissions to us, show also that the respondent has been a serial liar. "His behaviour fell very far below that which the public has a right to expect from any Member of Parliament. "The respondent's conduct was so serious that, had he still been a Member of Parliament, we would have determined that he should be expelled by resolution of the House. "As it is, we recommend that he should never be permitted a pass to the Parliamentary estate." In an interview with the PA news agency, Mr Bercow disputed the findings and insisted there is no reason to apologise. "I don't believe in faux apologies, I don't believe in apologising when I don't think I have anything to apologise for," he said.