Instead he is an outcast, shunned by the industry he once enriched. In an emotional interview with the BBC, he declared that he has been “completely cancelled” by his enemies who “took everything from me”. And what was Linehan’s offence? Like a dissident in the Soviet Union or a heretic during the rule of the Puritan witchfinders, he was deemed to have affronted the cherished dogma of the zealots. The vilification stemmed from his decision to speak out in defence of women’s rights which are under attack from transgender ideologues. He became the target for “a huge army of trolls and misogynists”. He and his wife are now divorcing, showbusiness friends have deserted him and a proposed musical version of Father Ted has been scuppered. Britain has been a beacon of freedom, but as his case tragically shows, parts of our culture are beginning to resemble George Orwell’s 1984, complete with thought crimes and orchestrated hate sessions. The enforcers of the fashionable orthodoxy like to prattle about diversity, yet they demand absolute conformity of opinion. Linehan’s experience is not unique. No organisation should be more fervent in defence of artistic freedom than the Society of Authors. But it has succumbed to the woke agenda. Last Friday the distinguished writer Sir Philip Pullman felt compelled to resign as its president after a row fuelled by his expression of support for fellow author Kate Clanchy, whose recent memoir of her time as a teacher has won widespread condemned by online critics for racial stereotyping of some of her former pupils. Although she strongly denied the charge, she was dumped by her publisher. When Sir Philip defended her, arguing that some of her detractors would “find a comfortable home in Isis or the Taliban”, he was smeared with guilt by association and eventually forced out despite an apology.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Dame Marina Warner, who resigned from the Society in protest at Sir Philip’s treatment, correctly said that “an atmosphere of repression and anxiety” now pervades much of our civic life. It is a worrying trend graphically highlighted by practices such as Twitter bans, socalled “safe spaces” on university campuses, the employment of “sensitivity” censors in the arts, and the recording by the police of no fewer than 120,000 “non-crime hate incidents” in the last five years. Justice Secretary Dominic Raab has pledged that the Government’s new Bill of Rights will have the protection of free speech at its centre. Warning at the weekend that this this fundamental liberty is “being whittled away by wokery”, he said the proposed legislation would ensure that freedom of expression is “given a trump card”. But we also need a transformation in our culture. We are sliding into a new type of progressive McCarthyism, in which absolute obedience is demanded to a narrow code, backed up by character assassinations and ritual humiliations. The original form of McCarthyism, with its blacklists and show trials, convulsed Hollywood in the 1950s, and the current brand is doing the same, as illustrated by last night’s Oscars ceremony. This used to embody the best in showbusiness, but now it is just a snorefest of left-wing smugness and sermonising. That reflects Tinsel Town’s obsession with identity politics.  In the quest for “inclusion”, stories and professionals that do not tick the right victimhood boxes are excluded. “Ideology has become more important than art,” says the disillusioned director Quentin Tarantino. This intolerance has also led to the drive to cancel the author J.K. Rowling because of her questioning of transgenderism, such as the withdrawal of her name from film credits. In a rambling speech last week, Vladimir Putin compared her ostracism by the arts establishment to the West’s cultural sanctions against Russia following the invasion of Ukraine. As Rowling herself pointed out, such a critique was “not best made” by a leader who is “slaughtering civilians for the crime of resistance”. The Ukrainians are also fighting for freedom. Inspired by their example, we should cherish his bulwark, not allow it to be destroyed by extremists. 