Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel is likely to ring the changes for his side's FA Cup fifth round tie at Luton on Wednesday. Just three days after their penalty shootout heartache in the Carabao Cup Final against Liverpool, Chelsea aim to keep alive their hopes of domestic silverware this season. Express Sport looks at six players who Tuchel should give a chance to at Kenilworth Road. Tuchel has an abundance of attacking options at his disposal. However, having a large number of players in a similar position means there are likely to be a few out of form. Romelu Lukaku has been left out of the starting XI for the last two matches but should be brought back in tonight. Timo Werner's only goal so far in 2022 came in the FA Cup third round win over Chesterfield in January. TOP STORY: Arsenal get Emile Smith Rowe boost but Mikel Arteta still without key star  The German could use the competition to find some form in front of goal and push for a more regular spot in the Premier League side. Kai Havertz has played a lot recently so could be rested, but Mason Mount could keep his spot as Hakim Ziyech continues to be absent through injury. Tuchel could bring a couple of players in from the cold for an opportunity in midfield tonight. Saul Niguez and Ruben Loftus-Cheek have found game time hard to come by but this could be a perfect opportunity for them to push their case. Saul has been used as a left wing-back on occasion this season and injury problems mean he could be used in that position again. DON'T MISSJurgen Klopp risks escalating situation with 'angry' Liverpool stars after Carabao Cup win [COMMENT]Real Madrid 'nervous’ about Kylian Mbappe and Erling Haaland as new details emerge [GOSSIP]Everton boss Frank Lampard receives personal phone call apology over Rodri handball [NEWS]  Tuchel says Reece James is unlikely to feature after playing more than anticipated on Sunday following his return from injury. Therefore Callum Hudson-Odoi could play as right wing-back, with captain Cesar Azpilicueta limping off at the weekend. Jorginho didn't start the defeat to Liverpool so could be in the frame for this one alongside Loftus-Cheek in the middle of the park. It wouldn't be a surprise to see at least one of Thiago Silva and Antonio Rudiger rested for this one.  It may all depend on whether Andreas Christensen is fit to start. If so, the Dane may slot into the middle of the back three with Trevoh Chalobah keeping his place and Malang Sarr coming into the team. Kepa Arrizabalaga was snubbed for a starting spot by Tuchel on Sunday before coming on for the penalty shootout. The Spaniard is likely to start tonight but will be hoping he won't have to step up from 12 yards again. Possible Chelsea XI vs Luton: Arrizabalaga, Chalobah, Christensen, Sarr, Hudson-Odoi, Jorginho, Loftus-Cheek, Saul, Mount, Werner, Lukaku. 