Dionne, Joe, Angela and Lee took on the Chaser, Shaun 'The Dark Destroyer' Wallace. They got off to a good start, with host Bradley Walsh praising Lee, who was first up. He earned £7,000, with all questions answered correctly. Next up on The Chase was Angela, who brought £4,000 back to the group. When it came to Joe's turn though, the student faced a tricky set of questions and seemed very disappointed when he was caught. ITV viewers instantly took to social media to complain the questions were unfair. Student Joe, 20, said he was hoping to win enough to get a football season ticket. He also managed to win £7,000 in the cash-builder, which Bradley called "fantastic". "Smile," Joe joked to Shaun as he came out to reveal what Joe's offers would be. He was offered £50,000 as the high offer, which his teammates advised him to take. READ MORE: New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air However, like Lee, he opted to stick with the £7,000, which he would later be glad of. The first question Joe faced was: "The top two longest-running musicals are set in what country?" The options were France, Greece and the USA, with Joe opting for the final answer. Shaun knew, however, that the correct answer was France, with Les Misérables and The Phantom of the Opera making up the two. Joe was then asked by Bradley: "The mobile wad of Henry is a group of muscles in what part of the body?" The presenter admitted: "I've never heard of that," as Joe took a guess. He went with the answer "foot", but admitted he hadn't heard of it either despite having to learn about such things due to his course. The Chaser correctly answered "arm" and Bradley commented: "Ouch" and said it was a good job he hadn't taken the high offer. DON'T MISS... Peaky Blinders boss talks leaving out Mosley details from series [LATEST] University Challenge fans distracted by silent player [VIDEO]Queen of the South's Peter Gadiot lands new role in One Piece [LATEST] The student faced a few more questions which were deemed hard to answer without specific knowledge. He soon found himself caught by the Chaser, and lots of ITV viewers took to social media to complain about Joe's unfortunate questions. Twitter user @hoosier41499706 commented: "Poor lad difficult set of questions #TheChase." @joy9kat wrote: "Hard lines. Nice lad. Had some tricky questions imo #TheChase." "Aw Joe did well though #TheChase," @pauldevenish penned. Viktoria Brown fumed: "Honestly this is a fix, poor lad they were awful questions #TheChase." @stevebethere remarked: "He didn't do bad with that web of questions #TheChase." As he left, Bradley and Shaun reassured a disappointed-looking Joe, with the latter commenting: "You've not disgraced yourself." Bradley added: "Joe, I think you're a very good player. If you don't know that fable, then you don't know it, it's as simple as that." As Joe left without saying anything, Bradley commented: "He's very disappointed because he's a sportsman, they get disappointed that's right you know, that's the way it is." "It is," Shaun agreed. "He was very nervous I could tell but he played very well there." The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.