Arsenal transfer chief Edu may have missed a golden opportunity to bolster his side's chances of qualifying for next season's Champions League. The Gunners splashed the cash last summer on six shiny new signings, but the fact that none were strikers could come back to haunt them. Even without extra attacking options, Mikel Arteta has still put together an impressive top-four bid as his side venture further into the business end of the campaign. Last time out a narrow victory over Aston Villa was enough preserve their three-point buffer in fourth spot, while they still boast a game in hand on the chasing pack. Fans were left concerned about their firepower when Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was offloaded in January after a dispute with Arteta. Their recent run of form is therefore even more impressive, given that Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are the only out-and-out strikers remaining. The Gunners' squad could have looked different if they had pulled the trigger on a move last summer. According to multiple sources including The Athletic, Tammy Abraham had admirers in north London while he was being frozen out of a competitive Chelsea side. JUST IN: Arsenal 'begin charm offensive' to beat two Premier League clubs to Darwin Nunez transfer Despite growing up an Arsenal fan, Abraham instead headed to Roma in a £34million deal. Since linking up with enigmatic manager Jose Mourinho things could hardly have gone better. With another two goals last time out against local rivals Lazio, the 24-year-old has already achieved fan-favourite status in the Italian capital while his season's goal tally stands at an impressive 23. That takes him past club icons Vincenzo Montella and Gabriel Batistuta as the highest-scoring Roma player in their debut season. DON'T MISSPaulo Dybala has already made feelings clear on Arsenal move with free transfer availableArsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks heldAntonio Conte can finally land dream Tottenham signing after Barcelona 'bid for Raphinha' After the Gunners shied away from a potential move last summer which may have cemented this campaign's top-four bid, club hero Ian Wright has waxed lyrical about the frontman and believes he could be a good fit at the Emirates. "If he came to Arsenal, I think Arsenal would play directly for him," he stated on Wrighty's House. "He'd link up the play and he's got that energy to get in the box. Tammy has the hunger to finish the chances that Arsenal are not finishing right now. Tammy is at that stage now where he would be in there gobbling all that up. I think [he’s ready]. Absolutely." Arsenal may have another swipe at landing Abraham when the transfer window swings back open in a few weeks' time. Edu and co are sure to go after at least one starting-quality striker with Lacazette and Nketiah both soon to be out of contract and at liberty to leave for free. Chelsea could yet throw a spanner in the works, however, as they have the luxury of a £68million buy-back clause. If the Blues decide to cut their losses on a faltering Romelu Lukaku, they could have a big say on Abraham's prospective return to the Premier League.