The driver from South-East London has echoed the frustration of many drivers around the UK as he was heavily fined for stopping in a yellow box junction in a situation where he said it was impossible for him to do anything else. Frank Thomson of Bexleyheath was driving over the junction in October last year when another car pulled out in front of him, forcing him to stop, he told the News Shopper. He claimed he didn’t receive the first fine issued by the council of £60 and so in December he was handed an increased fine of £204. Now he says he has to pay more money for "an offence someone else committed". In response, Bexley council said it doesn’t comment on individual cases. READ MORE: Abandoned BMW dealership full of classic cars discovered Mr Thomson said: “I wasn’t even in the area for a long time, maximum seven to eight seconds. “If I was in there for a stupid amount of time or done something at my ownfault then it’s fair enough and I'll pay the fine. “But I’m having to pay for someone else’s mistakes.” He then called Bexley Council to explain the situation but felt that he was getting "ignored" after not being able to talk to a "real human being". DON'T MISSDrivers warned when approaching junctions under new Highway Code rules [INSIGHT]Car headlights are a 'significant road safety risk' [WARNING]Motorists urged to change driving habits to save on car tax [IMPORTANT] He continued: “They (Bexley Parking Services) were just messing me about after trying to speak to them and get them to hear what I'm trying to explain. “I hated not being able to talk to someone who can be related to me on a human level and understand what I'm trying to explain. "I was made to talk to an automated robot, so I had to communicate via email which even made the process longer.” Mr Thomson said much of his frustration came from his simply trying to “fight for what is right”. He said that in the end he decided to pay the fine as he didn’t want it to increase any further. But he still believes that he was in the right and should have not "paid for a mistake caused by someone else". His preferred outcome is that Bexley Parking Services revert the fine back to £60 and refund him the difference. He also wants other drivers to be careful when crossing the same junction. A spokesperson for Bexley Council said: "Frank Thomson can view the photographic and video evidence we relied on using the link in the notice that was sent to them. "We do not comment on individual penalty charges when the case is live. "Any documents or responses that are sent to motorists give details of the next available options in the statutory process. "It is up to the motorist to state why they believe a PCN should be cancelled. "This could include a claim that the charge is ​incorrect, and they are given several opportunities to state their case."