Snooker icon Ronnie O’Sullivan has revealed he plans to play at three more World Championships before walking away from the highest level of the sport. O’Sullivan is a six-time world champion and he is considered one of the favourites to reclaim the title when the tournament kicks off at The Crucible in Sheffield next month. The 46-year-old had remarkably gone a year without a title, but he finally got his hands on silverware in December as he won the World Grand Prix. O’Sullivan almost claimed the European Masters last month but was beaten in the final. Despite his age, O’Sullivan has been in sensational form in the 2021/22 season - but he is aware his level will fall off at some stage. O’Sullivan trails Stephen Hendry by one title on the list of world championship wins, and it appears he is giving himself three more chances to move level with the Scottish legend. JUST IN: Karren Brady praises Laila Rouass' break-up from Ronnie O'Sullivan “I think another three World Championships would be good enough for me,” O’Sullivan said on Eurosport prior to his meeting with Lukas Kleckers in the Welsh Open. “To at least get to that point and then after that If I am still enjoying it, I’d play at a lower level somewhere. “I would then do my exhibitions and travel, as I do like to travel, and I still like to play.” O’Sullivan holds most records in the sport, but he has been far more selective about which events he takes part in. DON'T MISSRonnie O'Sullivan calls it quits after 10 years with fiancéeRonnie O'Sullivan's snooker retirement hint: 'Doesn't make sense'Ronnie O'Sullivan makes prediction for snooker's next big star He believes he would not enjoy the grind and hustle aspect of attending as many tournaments as possible. “If I was just playing snooker, I wouldn’t be playing but because I do so much other stuff I get so much out of it, I can put up with playing - if that makes sense,” he added. “If I was like most of the guys on the circuit who put most of their eggs in one basket, and go from tournament to tournament and don’t get a lot out of it, I would find it quite demoralising. “I just hit balls. I am neither here nor there about it, it is no big deal. That’s probably why you see me not taking defeats too badly. “I am set up to be no matter what happens, one match, two matches, sixty matches a year it is not going to make any difference to my life. "If I feel like playing 60 matches I will put the work in. If I don’t, then I am quite happy to have a few early first-round exits.” O’Sullivan beat James Cahill to make the Welsh Open second round in Newport while home favourite Mark Williams was knocked out by Norway's Kurt Maflin.