A huge blaze has broken out at an oil storage facility after an explosion just six miles away from the Jeddah track which is hosting Sunday’s Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. Fire and thick black smoke could be seen from the track on Friday afternoon during the first practice session. The incident has plunged the race into jeopardy and clearly worried some drivers, with smoke visible from the track. “I can smell burning - is it my car,” a concerned Max Verstappen told Red Bull chiefs over his radio in the aftermath of the explosion. Meanwhile, F1 chiefs confirmed they were waiting for further information about the incident. “The position at the moment is that we are waiting for further information from the authorities on what has happened,” read a statement from F1. Jeddah has been targeted by missile attacks from Yemen's Iran-aligned Houthi group in recent days. The group recently set alight an Aramco distribution plant in the city after attacking Saudi energy and water desalination facilities in the southern region of Jizan. And the Saudi-led coalition, which is fighting in Yemen at the moment, announced it had also destroyed a “hostile air target” heading for Jeddah. The attacks have already led F1 to release a statement to confirm the Jeddah Grand Prix would still go ahead. “This incident has no bearing on the race weekend,” read a statement earlier this week. “As always, the safety and security of our guests remain our top priority. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton unhappy with F1 chiefs for Saudi Arabian GP changes  “We are in constant contact with the relevant authorities, and all necessary measures have been taken to ensure the safety of all visitors to the Formula One Saudi Arabian Grand Prix as well as participating personnel, staff and media. We look forward to welcoming everyone to Jeddah this weekend for three days of great racing and entertainment.” The second race of the 2022 F1 season is scheduled for Sunday following Charles Leclerc’s victory in Bahrain last weekend. Leclerc triumphed on the Persian Gulf after getting the better of 2021 champion Verstappen, who battled for dominance for much of the season-opener before eventually being forced to retire with just three laps remaining due to power failure. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton could quit F1 if Mercedes can't challenge for wins [INSIGHT]Leclerc tipped to replace Hamilton as Verstappen rivalry reignited [COMMENT]Hamilton, Leclerc and Verstappen told to expect Saudi GP 'crash fest' [ANALYSIS] As the latest explosion in Jeddah took place, drivers were out on the track for P1 ahead of Saturday’s qualifying. Ferrari’s Leclerc picked up from where he left off last weekend as he clocked the fastest time, with Verstappen following close behind. Valtteri Bottas, who left last season’s Constructors’ Championship winners Mercedes to join Alfa Romeo at the end of last year, was third fastest while Scuderia’s Carlos Sainz produced the fourth quickest time. Meanwhile, Briton’s Lewis Hamilton was only ninth fastest, while his Silver Arrows team-mate George Russell was a disappointing 15th. 