A statement from the London Fire Brigade described the ground floor of the property as "alight". Emergency services were alerted to the fire just before 8.30 am on Friday morning.   The fire started in the kitchen of the property, and the cause is under investigation. The property's occupant escaped before firefighters arrived, and was treated by paramedics. They said: "Four fire engines and around 25 firefighters were called to a house fire on Gordon Road in Kingston Upton Thames. "Part of the ground floor of a detached house was damaged by the fire.    "One man left the property before the Brigade arrived. He was taken to hospital suffering smoke inhalation by London Ambulance Service crews. Station Commander Tom Conlon said: "The fire started in the kitchen of the property. "The occupant managed to get out and into the garden and he was treated by firefighters who gave him oxygen until paramedics arrived. "Firefighters carried out a systematic search of the building to ensure no one else was inside. READ MORE: BBC Question Time audience member blasts Tory MP over refugee policy  "Our fire investigators will be on scene to try to determine the cause of the fire." "The Brigade was called at 0827 and the fire was under control by 0952. Fire crews from Kingston, Surbiton, New Malden and Twickenham fire stations attended. "The cause of the fire is under investigation." Last month, the London Fire Brigade responded to a call in Kingston-upon-Thames after receiving reports of smoke at a commercial property with flats above. DON'T MISS: Over 60s in certain areas could get a free bus pass 6 years earlier [REPORT] Brexit LIVE: Farage copies Leave idea for new campaign [LIVE] Question Time: 'First strong panel for months' [REACTION]  Around 25 firefighters attended the scene, where the roof was destroyed by the fire. The fire was believed to have been accidentally sparked. It is thought the fire originated in the loft of the property. In a statement, the London Fire Brigade said: "Four fire engines and around 25 firefighters were called to a fire at a shop with flats above on Richmond Road in Kingston-Upon-Thames. "The roof of the three-storey building was destroyed by fire. "There were no reports of any injuries. "Firefighters were called to reports of smoke in the vicinity and on arrival were faced with smoke and flames coming from the roof of the property. "Crews wearing breathing apparatus carried out a search of the building and located the fire in the loft space.  "The Brigade was called at 0153 and the fire was under control by 0312. "Fire crews from Surbiton, Kingston, New Malden and Twickenham fire stations attended the scene. "The fire is believed to have been accidental and caused by an electrical event." 