CCH Pounder has officially joined the cast of Anansi Boys, the next big-budget adaptation of the works of Neil Gaiman for Amazon Prime Video. Best known for her long-running role as Loretta Wade in the popular NCIS offshoot, NCIS: New Orleans, the actress is already lining up some major projects following the show’s cancellation by CBS. The NCIS star is set to play Mrs Higgler in the already all-star cast of the upcoming Prime Video series. Her character is described as the matriarch of her clan and an old friend of the show’s lead character, Charlie Nancy (played by Malachi Kirby). Based on the modern fantasy novel by author Neil, the series follows twins Charlie and Spider who learn of each other’s existence when their father passes away. They soon discover their late father was actually an incarnation of the West African spider god, Anansi. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role The ambitious new adaptation for the streamer is set to be a huge hit for fans of Amazon’s last adaptation of Neil’s work, Good Omens, which will be returning for a second season. In a new statement, Neil said: “The sheer amount of acting talent on Anansi Boys is such that I keep pinching myself to make certain I’m not dreaming it. “I can’t wait until the world sees what we’re making.” CCH has joined the already announced cast, which includes Delroy Lindo as Mr Nancy, who received several accolades for his role in Spike Lee’s 2020 film Da Five Bloods. In addition to her work as a series regular in NCIS: NOLA, the actress has also appeared in the hit films Avatar and Godzilla: King of the Monsters. She is currently slated to reprise her role as Mo'at in James Cameron’s upcoming Avatar sequels, and last appeared on screens in two episodes of the CBS drama, The Good Fight. Newly announced cast members also include Jason Watkins of The Crown fame, and Harry Potter and Killing Eve star Fiona Shaw. L Scott Caldwell, Joy Richardson and Lachele Carl have also been announced to round out the supporting cast. DON'T MISS:The Walking Dead fans ‘in tears’ as Norman Reedus injured [LATEST]Y 1883’s Sam Elliott recalls warning from showrunner [INSIGHT]Vikings’ Astrid star’s challenging death scene on her birthday [INTERVIEW] Writer Neil is co-showrunner on the series and executive producing with Lenny Henry and Hanelle M Culpepper. The mythical new drama is anticipated to be released at some point in 2023, as the series is currently in production in Scotland. Both Anansi Boys and Good Omens have reportedly been filming in Edinburgh this week. Film crews and extras have been spotted around Torphichen Street and Canning Street, though much of the action is taking place in Leith's First Stage Studios. Much like Neil’s novels, Anansi Boys is not a direct sequel or spin-off to the Starz series American Gods, though the character of Mr Nancy appears in both. When the series was announced last year, Neil teased in a statement: “We are trying to make a new kind of show with Anansi Boys, and to break ground with it to make something that celebrates and rejoices in diversity both in front of and behind the camera. “I’m so thrilled it’s happening and that people will be meeting Mr Nancy, Charlie and Spider, the Bird Woman and the rest of them.” NCIS season 19 and NCIS: Hawaii season 1 continues Mondays on CBS. NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 airs Mondays. A UK release date is yet to be announced.