In a recent episode of BBC's Antiques Road Trip, James Braxton and Natasha Raskin Sharp hit the shops of Somerset and Wiltshire, searching for the items they felt would make the most money. Whilst on their travels, James decided to take a chance on a military box which he bought for just £1.36. At the auction, he was blown away when he made an impressive profit and boasted to Natasha about his success. As the pair were coming to the end of their trip around Somerset and Wilshire, James had £1.36 left from his budget. He decided to go and see antiques shop owner Marcus to see if he had some hidden treasures he would be willing to part with for his change. Walking out to meet him, James said: "Hello Marcus, I come to you with very little I have £1.36!" Marcus cautiously looked at James and said: "Right, ok..." READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith Taking his chance, James asked: "Have you got anything you really want to get rid of?" To James' surprise, Marcus revealed he had an old military in which he was willing to see for the £1.36. "I have a piece of military behind me that can be exactly your money, it came here for free with some other bits," the owner said. "Wow, that looks beautiful, doesn't it, what would have gone in that?" James asked, curious about the odd box. Marcus explained: "So it would have had vehicle spares, vehicle parts in there." Wanting to know how much it would possibly sell for, James asked: "What sort of age would that be?" Marcus explained: "60s, maybe 50s, not second world war though!" "Yeah, it is quite fine, beautifully made, isn't it, ok yeah, I will take it and go with the box, thank you, Marcus, you are very kind!" James exclaimed. DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip expert Tim Medhurst gobsmacked by mega profit [INSIGHT]Natasha Raskin Sharp left 'screaming' over Antiques loss [LATEST]Antiques Road Trip expert Izzie Balmer makes profit from tobacco tin [WATCH] As their travels came to an end, it was time for James and Natasha to head to Boscombe Down Aviation museum for auction day. The pair made themselves comfy in old aviators and began to listen in to their items being auctioned. When it was time for James' box to be sold, he sat quietly in the hope he would make some sort of profit. The auctioneer began: "£20 at the back of the room, thank you very much!" Surprised at the £18 profit from the get-go, James exclaimed to Natasha: "20! That is the best profit I've made!" The auctioneer ended the bidding fairly soon: "Final warning then, to the room, £20" and sold the item to someone on the internet. James was astounded with the profit he made, and the £121.36 he started the day with ended up jumping to an impressive £160.72, For Natasha, her day wasn't as successful as she ended the day with just £94.52, which was nearly a £100 loss on her end. Antiques Road Trip is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.