Kate Middleton stunned in a turquoise dress, similar to the blue on the flag of the Bahamas. Her decorative aquamarine earrings perfectly complemented the look, as she and Prince William continued to look fresh and happy despite all their recent travelling. Royal photographer and author of ‘Elizabeth - a Queen for Our Time’, Chris Jackson, shared pictures of the meeting with Philip and Anne-Marie Davis on Twitter. He wrote: “The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge meet with PM of The Bahamas Philip Davis and his wife Anne-Marie on the final leg of their Caribbean tour.” Fans of the royal couple took to the social media site to share their admiration, particularly for Kate’s fashion choice. User, @DancingInfinit1, tweeted: “THIS will be another colourful and fun energy trip, so excited!!! #DukeandDuchessofCambridge #RoyalVisitBahamas #RoyalTourCaribbean.”  Another user, @PamelaJoyPeter1, wrote: “Very elegant dress - I’m loving the wardrobe.” User, @natalieb666, said: “They look so relaxed, especially William, which is so good to see.” Another user, @Audiothingbooks, complimented the Bahamian couple, tweeting: “Anne-Marie Davis looks lovely too!”  READ MORE: Every Royal Family member attending Prince Philip’s memorial Kate’s wardrobe has been especially vibrant and colourful during this Caribbean tour. She wowed in a bold yellow dress in Jamaica and a metallic pink evening gown at a reception in Belize. Her more casual looks have also featured bold patterns and florals in blue and red hues.  DON'T MISS:'So hardworking!’ Charles and Camilla praised in Ireland [ROYAL TOUR]Harry's legal team criticised over 'irrelevant evidence' in court [LATEST]Diana’s royal chef takes swipe at Prince Charles as Jamaica plans to [INSIGHT] While in the Bahamas Kate and William are expected to take part in a sailing regatta, an event which has drawn comparisons to another prominent royal. Hello! Magazine reported that a sailing regatta holds strong links with the late Prince Philip, who was an Honorary Commodore then Honorary Life Member of the Royal Nassau Sailing Club. A memorial service for the late Duke of Edinburgh is taking place at Westminster Abbey next Tuesday, which Prince William and Kate will certainly attend. One notable absence however will be Prince Harry, who has confirmed he will not be attending and despite not giving an official reason, experts believe it could be due to a legal battle over his security arrangements. 