Zara, who is the daughter of Princess Anne, stepped out with husband Mike Tindall at Cheltenham Racecourse on Tuesday. The pair, who have been married for over a decade, looked stylish and loved-up as they posed for photographers. But the Tindalls’ behaviour showed more than mere happiness to be at the races, according to body language expert Darren Stanton. He described how Zara must share a “deep trust and connection” with her husband, Mike. He said on behalf of Betfair Casino: “The first thing I noticed about Zara Phillips during her appearance at Cheltenham Festival yesterday was her striking yet elegant outfit. “The colour is very significant of someone who is confident in their own skin. “Her tailored outfit is structured yet flamboyant.” Comparing Zara to Kate, he added: “It’s not dissimilar to what Kate Middleton would wear when she wants to show power and confidence during a royal engagement.” The Duchess of Cambridge attended the annual Westminster Abbey service to mark Commonwealth Day on Monday, radiant in a bold, bright blue structured coat and matching hat. Mr Stanton commented that the way in which Zara and Mike position themselves in public highlights synchronicity in the couple, and a measure of comfort in the limelight together. READ MORE: Legendary photographer shares awkward moment with Princess Diana Mr Stanton said: “You’ll notice in photographs of Zara and her husband Mike Tindall together that both have their bodies at right angles, turned in towards each other. “This demonstrates that the couple are unconsciously matching and mirroring each other’s body posture, signifying a deep trust and connection between them. “The other interesting thing about this photo is that both Zara and Mike are looking directly into the camera. “Very often royals and public figures shy away from this, but here the pair are genuinely happy to embrace the attention that comes with stepping out at Cheltenham.” DON'T MISS: Cheltenham LIVE: Day Two updates as Blackmore bids for more success [LIVE] Harry and Meghan’s US retreat helped ‘make them stronger’ [ANALYSIS] Prince Charles 'incredibly sad' he had not met Lilibet [INSIGHT] He claimed Zara feels “at home” with Mike even in public settings, and is unafraid to be physically affectionate in front of cameras or an audience. He said: “Another sweet moment shows Zara leaning into Mike’s shoulder while linking her arm in his. “This again signifies emotional happiness and is testament to how at home they are with each other and their relationship.” Mr Stanton insists that the display of affection from the Queen’s granddaughter is “genuine”, and is aided by how “comfortable” she is in competitive sports scenarios. He said: “Take Zara, her whole face is engaged, she maintains eye contact and there are visible lines around the upper eyes and cheeks - the kind that occur when someone is demonstrating genuine happiness in a certain situation. “Perhaps that’s no surprise as Zara is a keen equestrian herself and is more than comfortable in a race day environment.” Unlike Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, Zara does not perform royal duties in the same manner, preferring to pursue a career as an Olympic equestrian and go without an HRH title. She won a silver medal at the London 2012 Olympic Games as part of the eventing team at Greenwich Park.