Manchester United have 'already spoken' to AS Monaco midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni about a potential summer transfer, according to reports. Monaco sporting director Paul Mitchell was spotted at Old Trafford with the Red Devils' interim manager Ralf Rangnick last week. United are expected to prioritise signing a new defensive midfielder during a busy transfer window this summer. Nemanja Matic turns 34 in August and is the only natural holding player amongst Rangnick's current options, with Fred and Scott McTominay regularly operating in the role in the last few seasons. West Ham United co-captain Declan Rice has been tipped as a prime target, but United would have to cough up at least £100million to lure him away from east London. And so, a potential alternative on many fans' lips is Tchouameni, and the club seemingly holds an interest in his services. JUST IN: Everton boss Frank Lampard receives personal phone call apology In January, French outlet L'Equipe claimed United were among the 22-year-old's European heavyweight suitors. Now, Tuesday's edition of Sport reports they are one of the clubs battling Barcelona and Real Madrid for his signature at the end of the season. Barcelona have regularly contacted Monaco to inquire about Tchouameni after monitoring his development over the last two years. However, this summer, the La Liga giants' interest has been described as an 'impossible dream', with his valuation reaching £50million (€60m). READ MORE: Man Utd icon Rio Ferdinand delivers bleak message for the Glazers It could open the door for United to launch a pursuit ahead of the 2022/23 season, and Mitchell's recent presence at Old Trafford only added fuel to the fire. During United's U18s' FA Youth Cup win against Leicester City, the MUTV camera made a point of showing Rangnick sat with the Monaco director in the stands. The sighting excited many supporters, and the widespread consensus was that Mitchell could soon join Rangnick in the boardroom. He worked with the German coach at RB Leipzig, but that was after he operated closely with Mauricio Pochettino at Southampton. It sparked suggestions that United were closing in on appointing the Paris Saint-Germain boss as their next permanent manager. But Mitchell could have met Rangnick, who enters a two-year advisory role at Old Trafford in July, to discuss transfer business. More specifically, one of his own club's players in Tchouameni. However, despite United's interest, the France international 'has not made any decision' on his future. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.