Tiger King is an iconic big cat docu-series that quickly grew to become a global phenomenon after its original release in 2020 on Netflix. At the heart of the series was the ongoing fight between big cat lovers Joe Exotic and Carole Baskin which will be the focus of this new drama on NOW streaming service. Here's everything there is to know on the cast of Joe vs Carole. Joe Exotic was the eccentric owner of Garold Wayne Exotic Animal Memorial Park in Oklahoma. While many loved his over-the-top dress sense and unexpected passion for country music, he was someone who had many enemies. In 2019, Joe was convicted for various animal welfare charges and an attempt to contract Carole Baskin's murder which led to a 22-year prison sentence. Taking on this iconic role is actor John Cameron Mitchell who is probably best known for starring in the cult movie Hedwig and the Angry Inch as Hedwig. More recently, Mitchell was Gabe Parrish in sitcom Shrill and Orlov in Hot White Heist. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump Forever Joe's rival is Carole Baskin, the founder of animal sanctuary Big Cat Rescue in Florida. She was in an ongoing feud with Joe as she strongly objected to the capture and exploitation of animals. However, Carole herself has been falsely accused of murdering her first husband Don Lewis with some speculating that she fed him to the tigers - although this has never been proven and has been vehemently denied by the real Carole. Actress Kate McKinnon is best known for starring in the famous sketch show Saturday Night Live and was in the Ghostbusters remake in 2016. Actor Kyle MacLachlan has played Jeffrey Beaumont in Blue Velvet, Paul Atreides in Dune and FBI Agent Dale Cooper on Twin Peaks. He was also Orson Hodge in Desperate Housewives for six years. MacLachlan is going to be behind Howard Baskin, Carole Baskin's second husband. In Netflix's Tiger King, Howard was loyal to his wife, standing by her throughout the rows with Joe. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest lost for words over valuation of FA Cup medals [VIDEO]Jill Halfpenny details hardest filming challenge in The Holiday [FILMING]Vera star opens up on filming first scene with Brenda Blethyn  [CAST] Jeff Lowe has been both a business partner and an enemy of Joe Exotic's. Joe claims that Jeff was part of a plan to stitch him up so he would end up behind bars. Actor Dean Winters was Ryan O'Reilly in the HBO prison drama Oz and portrayed "Mayhem" in a series of Allstate Insurance commercials in America. He has also been in Rescue Me, Sex and the City, Law and Order SVU and 30 Rock. John Reinke is one of Joe's former employees who starred in Tiger King. Actor Brian Van Holt is best known for playing Bo and Vincent Sinclair in House of Wax and Bobby Cobb on the TV series Cougar Town. Other cast members include: Rick Kirkham - William Fichtner Travis Maldonado - Nat Wolff John Finlay - Sam Keeley Joe vs Carole is available to watch on NOW streaming service.