Red Bull are not expecting Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez to suffer with the same fuel pump issue in Saudi Arabia that prematurely ended their respective afternoons at the season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix, according to reports. The Austrian outfit were forced to settle for a pointless start to the new campaign when both of their drivers were hit with mechanical problems during the final few laps of last weekend's race at the Bahrain International Circuit. Verstappen was on course to register a second-placed finish before his car lost power after a late safety car restart, while Perez was struck with a similar fate on the very last lap while defending from Lewis Hamilton, who eventually went on to cross the line in third place. The result saw Red Bull fail to pick up any points in spite of their impressive pace over the course of the weekend, leaving them adrift of the likes of Ferrari and Mercedes after the first race of the new campaign.Red Bull will be desperate to follow up with an improved showing on the streets of Jeddah this weekend in order to get themselves up and running at the very next time of asking. It seems as though they are confident of avoiding a repeat of the reliability issues that plagued their efforts in Bahrain, with a spokesperson for the team insisting that no further problems are expected to hamper this weekend's running in Saudi Arabia."Both cars suffered from a lack of fuel pressure last weekend," they said. "The correct amount of fuel was in both cars, but a vacuum prevented the pumps from drawing fuel and delivering it to the engine. JUST IN: Sebastian Vettel confirmed to miss Saudi Arabian GP for Aston Martin "We've taken the necessary steps to correct this issue and we expect no problems this weekend."It remains to be seen whether Red Bull will be able to deliver the perfect response by winning the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, which is set to be held on Sunday afternoon. There were initially questions over whether the race would be postponed following a recent missile attack in Jeddah before organisers confirmed that the event would go ahead as planned earlier this week.Meanwhile, it seems unlikely that Red Bull and Ferrari will be troubled by Mercedes this weekend amid the German team's distinct lack of pace when compared to their Constructors' Championship rivals. The Silver Arrows were almost a second per lap slower than Red Bull in Bahrain but Christian Horner is adamant that a fix will eventually be found as the new season begins to take shape. "I think when you watch their car on circuit it obviously doesn’t look easy for their drivers at the moment, but what we do know is their ability to bounce back," the Red Bull team principal told F1's official website. "I mean, they’ve had difficult pre-seasons before and then gone and won the first race."So I think until we’ve seen a sample of three or four races, you’re not going to get a true picture of form and, of course, with the regulations being so immature, the development rate is going to be fast, it’s going to be steep. Of course a team like Mercedes, with the strength and depth that they have, will bounce back very, very quickly if they are on the back foot." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here