Chelsea star Kai Havertz continued his excellent form by scoring a wonderful winning goal in the Blues' 1-0 win over Newcastle at Stamford Bridge. The 22-year-old had endured a frustrating battle with Dan Burn but expertly finished when a chance finally arrived in the final five minutes. Here is how Express Sport rated the Chelsea players. Edouard Mendy – 6   Chelsea’s goalkeeper made a couple of important saves but was not tested too many times. Trevoh Chalobah – 5 Extremely lucky not to give away a second-half penalty with a challenge on Jacob Murphy. Looked uncomfortable at right-back before moving into a more central position as Thomas Tuchel switched to a back three at half-time. Andreas Christensen – 6 Struck a powerful early effort over the bar and then defended well throughout. Chelsea will miss the Dane, who seems likely to leave when his contract expires in June. Antonio Rudiger – 6   Looked to create something in the absence of much midfield impetus with a couple of driving runs into Newcastle territory. Defended well when Newcastle threatened. Malang Sarr – 5   Didn't see much of the ball at wing-back and his performance proves just how much Chelsea miss Ben Chilwell's creativity from out wide. Replaced by Christian Pulisic with 15 minutes remaining as Chelsea sought a goal. JUST IN: Arsenal urged to beat Liverpool to £67.5m goalscoring midfielder  N’Golo Kante – 6  Played slightly further forward than usual but was unable to find a final pass. The Frenchman was typically combative out of possession.  Jorginho – 7    Suffered from a lack of movement in front of him and when it finally came, he picked out Havertz with a peach of a pass and the German scored the winner.  Hakim Ziyech – 5    Failed to get into the game from the right wing. Was nullified even more when he was used as a wing-back in the second half.  Mason Mount – 5   Nearly scored with a clever free-kick from a tight angle in the first half but flittered in and out of the game before being replaced by Mateo Kovacic on 63 minutes.  Timo Werner – 5   Lost possession on the counter-attack on too many occasions, much to the frustration of those inside Stamford Bridge. Kai Havertz – 6 Newcastle defender Dan Burn had the better of Havertz until the 86th minute when the forward collected Jorginho's pass and delightfully controlled the ball and stabbed home. Was perhaps fortunate to be on the pitch for catching Burn with a flailing arm in the first half. DON'T MISS...Man Utd icon Roy Keane explains why Cristiano Ronaldo was 'angry'Cristiano Ronaldo in Man Utd rallying cry after Tottenham winArsenal 'hatch plan' to hijack Coutinho move despite Aston Villa pact  Substitutes Romelu Lukaku – 5  Replaced Werner on 63 minutes but struggled to find himself on the end of chances. Mateo Kovacic – 5  Replaced Mount but did not have much impact on the game in a tight midfield battle. Christian Pulisic - 5 Was brought on as Chelsea tried to seek a winner. 