Premier League title challengers Liverpool have been backed to complete a raid on Chelsea in the summer transfer window. But the move the Reds are tipped to make is all but certain to be blocked by Blues boss Thomas Tuchel. Chelsea joined Liverpool in the title race until December when their form began to fall away. But Tuchel's side are still expected to be strong contenders next season, if the ban preventing them from making transfers is lifted by a new owner taking control at Stamford Bridge. If transfers are permitted, Liverpool have been tipped to make a move for Blues star Conor Gallagher, who is on loan at Crystal Palace. Gallagher has starred at Selhurst Park, scoring eight goals and notching five assists to help Patrick Viera's men comfortably avoid the relegation battle and reach the semi-finals of the FA Cup. The midfielder also won man of the match in his first game for the England senior side on Saturday, as the Three Lions defeated Switzerland. He is expected to return to Chelsea at the end of the season, with Tuchel hinting there is a place for him in his Blues squad. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel sent Conor Gallagher warning by Southgate But if game-time is hard to come by for Gallagher at Stamford Bridge next term, former Blues star Tony Cascarino believes he is the perfect player for Liverpool. The Reds lack a goalscoring midfielder of Gallagher's ilk and Cascarino has urged them to make a move for the wonderkid. “Conor Gallagher is an outstanding attacking midfielder who always looks like he’s going to get a goal or make an assist. I like him because I don’t think there’s too many of his type around," Cascarino told talkSPORT. DON'T MISS: Chelsea's Conor Gallagher stance may help Tottenham offload midfielder (INSIGHT)Chelsea fans will be excited by Lampard claim made about Gallagher (NEWS)Chelsea boss Tuchel could hand Man Utd boost with Gallagher stance (ANALYSIS) "Liverpool, for me, if they had a player like that as well adding him behind their front three, with his ability to get goals. Chelsea would never sell him to Liverpool, but they’d do really well with him.” “Conor Gallagher will get goals. Whether or not he will get his chance at Chelsea, I don’t know. No one at Chelsea can do what he does, but it depends if Thomas Tuchel wants to play that kind of player in his system. I hope he does give him a chance.”