Drivers have been warned that electric car charger thefts are on the rise as thousands of motorists switch from petrol and diesel vehicles. Both cables and chargers are being stolen and could cost drivers up to £700 for a replacement unit. There are currently around 400,000 electric cars and 750,000 hybrid vehicles on the road with sales of EVs up 80 percent since last year. But with all new cars being powered by electricity after 2030, experts believe thieves will increasingly make EVs their new target instead of catalytic converters. Car rental company Leasing Options says scrap and recycling businesses are already seeing an increased number of questions regarding electric car chargers – most often, how much they would pay for one. The scrap value for materials in a cable may be worth around £50. Second hand chargers are being sold for around £200. READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ Mike Thompson, Chief Operating Officer at Leasing Options, said: "While there are no official figures on electric car charger thefts, it is a growing crime. “So much so that the Association of British Insurers has said insurance premiums could rise. “Unfortunately, it is relatively straightforward for thieves to take charging cables, especially while they’re on charge. “Software experts have also highlighted that some EV chargers had cyber security flaws, which meant they could be accessed remotely to unlock charge points." DON'T MISSHow motorists can save on fuel costs by driving with a bowl of water [INSIGHT]EU speed limiters putting UK drivers off from buying a new car [SHOCKING]New diesel change is 'smoke and mirrors' as expert slams 'tax on tax' [WARNING] He added: “Clearly, this isn’t great news for electric car owners. “However, there are some extra steps EV owners can take to protect their electric car charger from being targeted. “Those include removing the charger from your car at night, installing a dash camera and using a padlock.” The experts also say there are steps drivers can take to protect electric car chargers from theft. Those are charging the vehicle at home, using a padlock during charges and storing cables in a secure box in the boot overnight. An alternative is to remove them from the car and store them inside the house. CCTV camera installation is also an option; not only will the cameras record activity they can also act as a deterrent to thieves. EV ownership is also rocketing as the price of petrol and diesel becomes prohibitive, meaning EVs are a far more common sight. Experts predict these thefts could soon dwarf the £10million-a-year cost of replacing more than 10,000 stolen catalytic converters. An RAC spokesperson said: “Charging cables are going to be high on the list for opportunist thieves as they are expensive and demand will soar as motorists turn to electric vehicles. “When charging a car in public, it is always better to stay by the car rather than wander away.” The city of London police advise: “If a cable is being stored in the car then keep it out of sight – and always get into the habit of locking your vehicle even if you are only going to be away from it for just a moment.”