Laura Hamilton, 39, has suffered fresh heartache after having to move house yet again yesterday following her split from her estranged husband Alex Goward. The star took to Instagram this morning to reveal her filming plans in Spain for A Place In The Sun had also been derailed due to an unfortunate health issue. The property expert shared a photo of herself holding a lateral flow test up to the camera, showing she had tested positive for Covid.  Laura wrote alongside it in view of her 153,000 followers: “Was supposed to fly to Spain today to film!”  The mum-of-two then issued an apology to her team from the Channel 4 show.  She added: “Sorry to let my team down @aplaceinthesunofficial.” READ MORE... ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle  It comes after Laura detailed the hectic time she has been having, needing to move again as her house is about to become "uninhabitable".    She penned on her Instagram Stories yesterday afternoon: "On the move again!    "Next week my house will inhabitable so today is... moving day!" (sic)    Laura had to sell her family home of nine years in Surrey after she broke up with her ex Alex.  The presenter confirmed in a social media post in January that she and her other half had split after 13 years together. Sharing an update on the split in February to Hello! Magazine, Laura divulged: “It was a chapter of my life that I am now closing, and I have so many happy memories. "I am very much someone who believes in focusing on the future, not having regrets, and I want to be positive for my children." She added that the decision to split had been a mutual one, as she and Alex were on "different paths". DON'T MISS:‘Will miss him’ Julie Andrews breaks silence on ex Tony Walton's death [COMMENT]Ant McPartlin hits back at 'woke' criticism [OPINION]Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] Despite the amicable break-up, Laura admitted she had been “overwhelmed with sadness" at times.  Fortunately for Laura, she has been supported by her A Place In The Sun co-stars during the tumultuous time.  Laura took her fellow A Place In The Sun presenter Jasmine Harman on a tour around her new property project after moving house.  Sharing a sweet photo of the pair giggling outside her front door, Laura penned last week: “I can’t believe I have seen two of my @aplaceinthesunofficial sisters in the space of two days and yes we are always laughing!  “It was so lovely getting to show @jasmineharman my new property project today!”    She then added the hashtags: “#friends #loveher #womensupportwomen #truefriends #property #surrey #renovation.”    Laura has been busy updating her new home, but was recently stopped in her tracks when ivy caused damage to the structure.    She wrote on social media: "Ivy that is left to grow out of control DESTROYS everything!!!    "It’s damaged my wall and part of the roof." 