The news comes as three migrants won a legal challenge against the Home Secretary after their mobile phones were seized unlawfully under a policy aimed at migrants crossing the English Channel. The information seized from phones was taken without permission, and the devices were not returned to the claimants for months, it has been revealed. The asylum seekers in question were arrested on separate occasions having been intercepted at sea between April and September 2020. Officials from Tug Haven in Dover were responsible for the operation. One of the migrants claimed she was the potential victim of human trafficking. The claimants brought a High Court claim against Ms Patel challenging the lawfulness of the circumstances and policies under which they were searched.  Judges hearing the case agreed on Friday that their legal challenges had succeeded after “very significant concessions” were made by Ms Patel. Lord Justice Edis, sitting with Mr Justice Lane, said the Home Secretary “accepts that between April and November 2020, a blanket seizure policy of migrants' mobile telephones was in operation at Tug Haven”. Lord Edis continued: “She accepts that the blanket seizure policy meant that, during the times in question, the seizure of the mobile phones of the claimants was not in accordance with the law.” The judges confirmed the seizure and retention of the asylum seekers' phones “violated' their right to family and private life under the European Convention of Human Rights”.  READ MORE:Amanda Holden slams Priti Patel over Ukraine crisis Representing one of the “vulnerable” asylum seekers, Law firm Gold Jennings said they had not committed a crime and were left “unable to contact loved ones” by the phone seizures. They also claimed it created “huge practical difficulties for them as they attempted to navigate a new country”. Judges noted that there had been an “apparent failure” by Ms Patel - for which she had apologised – “to comply with her duty of candour” when responding to the claims. The judges added: “Her initial stance was that there was no policy of the kind which is now admitted, and which is also now admitted to have been unlawful.”  DON'T MISS:Macron hits back at Putin’s recent ruble demand [REVEAL]‘Zero tolerance’ approach to drivers using phones [INSIGHT]UK troops graves daubed with Russian Z symbol [REPORT] According to the Home Office, the origins of the blanket policy were unknown but appeared to have developed “organically”, judges said. The department admitted that the now-abandoned phone seizure policy was unlawful because of its 'blanket' nature and its being “unpublished”. Lucie Audibert of Privacy International, which intervened in the case, said after the ruling: “It's quite clear that the Home Office considered that asylum seekers arriving on UK shores did not have the same privacy rights as other people - it unashamedly granted itself unlawful powers to systematically seize and search their phones, even when they weren't suspected of any crime. “This is in line with this Government's, and many others', efforts to criminalise migration and rob migrants of their basic human rights.”  The judges said a further hearing should be held to decide the “consequence” of the successful claims. The number of people who crossed the English Channel in small boats last year was triple the number for 2020. Figures compiled by the BBC show at least 28,431 migrants made the journey in 2021, despite huge UK investment in France to prevent crossings. A Home Office spokesperson said: “Channel crossings are an overt abuse of our immigration laws but they also impact on the UK taxpayer, risk lives and our ability to help refugees who come to the UK via safe and legal routes. “It is paramount that we continue to go after those facilitating dangerous crossings. “We are considering the judgement and it would be inappropriate to comment further at this stage.”  