 Yesterday, a series of Russian attacks targeted Ukraine’s capital, Kyiv, with an enormous fire breaking out in a 15-storey apartment in the west of the city. Russia’s assault continued into this morning, as an artillery shell rammed into an apartment block in the centre of Kyiv, obliterating the top floor and starting a fire. Amid the shelling, peace talks have been taking place between Russian and Ukrainian representatives.   Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky said that negotiations with the country’s invaders “sound more realistic”, but time is still needed to secure a deal in Ukraine’s interests. A Ukrainian negotiator was also cautiously optimistic after the meeting and said that though there were “fundamental contradictions” between the two sides, there “is certainly room for compromise”. Putin has been condemned across the world for his brutal invasion of Ukraine, while the West has imposed severe sanctions against Russia. Relations between London and Moscow had broken down years earlier, after the 2018 attempted assasination of former Russian double agent Sergei Skripal in Salisbury. Read More: 'Russia on run!' Putin's given just TEN days to survive  The UK believed Russia’s military intelligence service were behind the poisoning of Mr Skripal and his daughter Yulia, while Scotland Yard said there was sufficient evidence to charge two Russians ‒ Alexander Petrov and Ruslan Bishirov ‒ for attempted murder. Despite clear differences between the two countries, in 2019 Pulitzer-award winning expert Ms Applebaum claimed that Putin will “make” an offer to the UK Prime Minister, and said that the two countries could form an anti-EU alliance. Putin gave a rare interview to the Financial Times ahead of a meeting with the then-Prime Minister Theresa May at the G20 summit, in which he said that there had been signs of a thaw in Anglo-Russian relations. The President said: “I think Russia and the UK are both interested in fully restoring our relations, at least I hope a few preliminary steps will be made.”  Ms Applebaum said that a big move in diplomatic relations between the two countries would happen once the 2019 Tory leadership elections had been concluded. Speaking to BBC Radio 4, she said: “In this interview there was a clear outreach to the UK at this point when Britain seems to be on its way out of Europe. “We have two potential leaders of Britain ‒ Boris Johnson and Jeremy Corbyn ‒ who Putin could well see as allies against Europe, in a new geopolitical alignment. “He will be making that offer. He is focusing his next big state project on the UK. Don't Miss:Putin on brink as China tipped to put foot down over ‘escalation’[ANALYSIS]'Cataclysmic' history repeats itself as Russia set to default on debt[INSIGHT]Russian media 'behead' Vladimir Putin during TV address[OPINION]  “He would like to see Britain outside of Europe. “He would like to have Britain in an alliance against Europe, because the EU’s values of free speech and liberalism are seen as real threats to his form of power.” In over two decades in power, Putin has tried to divide the West. The Russian President was accused of interfering in democratic processes in the 2016 US election, overseeing state-sponsored cyberattacks, and even weaponizing Russia’s energy supplies as gas prices rose across Europe.  However his invasion of Ukraine appears to have united the international community, who have acted together in condemning and punishing Russia for its aggression towards its neighbour. Ian Bremmer, the president of political risk consultancy Eurasia Group, told CNBC last week: “NATO is united ‒ more so than at any point since the Soviet collapse ‒ with a renewed sense of purpose and mission. “So too is the European Union: Germany supports ending their economic dependence on Russia and is nearly doubling their defence spend. France is on board. “Even Moscow-tilting Hungary has condemned the invasion, favoured a crippling sanctions regime and is allowing in hundreds of thousands of Ukrainian refugees.”  Meanwhile, editorial director of Riddle Russia, Anton Barbashin, also believed that Putin’s invasion had a number of unintended consequences. Speaking to CNBC, Mr Barbashin said: “Whatever was Putin’s end goal in Ukraine, it is already clear that what he has achieved is uniting the West, destroying Russia’s economy and endangering the survival of the Russian state as we know it. “[It’s] almost guaranteed Ukraine’s future inclusion into western institutions and ultimate demise of Russia’s grand power aspirations.”