The proposed changes to free NHS prescriptions for over 60s would see older people waiting until the state pension age to receive their medications free of charge. State pension age is currently 66, meaning many Britons could be forced to wait an additional six years for this benefit to come into effect. These changes could happen as soon as April 1, but those that are currently eligible could claim free prescription as soon as possible. An estimated 2.4 million people could lose the decades-old right to free prescriptions until they reach state pension age, a move that would save the Department of Health and Social Care (DHSC) £257million a year. Under plans outlined last year, they will have to start paying the £9.35 per-item cost for medicines prescribed by their GP. The biggest concern is that increased costs will see Britons rationing or forgoing their prescriptions entirely, which could result in more hospitalisations. READ MORE: National Insurance hike: 125,000 more Britons on low incomes set to pay 'stealth tax' The proposed changes have two options for being put in place by Government: Option A involves immediately realigning the free prescription age from 60 to 66 meaning that everyone under the age of 65 will need to pay prescription charges unless they qualify for a different exemption. Option B will protect Britons currently between the ages of 60 and 66 when the changes are implemented so they can continue having free prescriptions. While some may suggest Option B could protect British finances, it would see anyone aged 59 waiting more than six years for their free prescriptions while those born just a few months before will receive them from the age of 60. Charities have warned of the widespread concern that this move could see for over 60s on low incomes: Alternatively, Britons who are worried that the proposed changes could impact their finances can opt for pre-payment certificates as a way to save some money. Research found that millions of Britons are overpaying for their NHS prescriptions and could save hundreds of pounds, according to NHS Business Service Authority. It found that people in England could save £40 a year on average, while many could save much more. These certificates, also known as PPC, are offered for a period of either three months or 12 months for an upfront fee. They can be especially useful for those needing more than one prescription item per month. However, those who need less than this amount of medication may pay more through the certificates than just buying it normally. The current certificates cost £30.25 for three months and £108.10 for 12. In contrast, buying two or more prescriptions per month can cost Britons over £200 every year. While this could be an authentic solution for many, charities like Age UK have voiced their concerns that Britons who need it most may not be able to afford the upfront costs of a certificate.