Real Madrid take on Barcelona in La Liga on Sunday as they look to strengthen their title credentials. The side from the capital remain 10 points clear of Sevilla in first place at present, but could go 18 clear of Barcelona with a win at home against their bitter rivals. However, the Blaugrana are always a side able to pack a punch. Express Sport takes a look at a best combined XI from the old enemies.  Goalkeeper: Courtois Thibaut Courtois has been a revelation since signing for Real Madrid in 2018 from Chelsea. The Belgian, 19, was bought by the Blues in 2011, although he was loaned to Atletico Madrid for three years in a bid to give him invaluable first-team experience. He learned the majority of his trade at the Vicente Calderon before making the switch back to the Spanish capital just four years later - albeit in white, rather than red. And his excellence between the sticks ranks him ahead of Barcelona star Marc-Andre Ter Stegen.  Defence: Carvajal, Pique, Alaba, Alba Barcelona's defence was the reason behind their poor season start, meaning the majority of the defence would have been Real Madrid-dominated at that time. However, Xavi's appointment has not only propelled Barcelona up the league but also reinvigorated some of their older stars. Jordi Alba and Gerard Pique have become men reborn under his guidance. And they would be partnered by stalwarts David Alaba and Dani Carvajal as part of the combined defence. Midfield: Pedri, Kroos, Modric Real Madrid's midfield has been the cornerstone of their success over the last decade. Toni Kroos and Luka Modric especially have been their main men in the engine room, whilst Casemiro has also been crucial to their four Champions League titles.  But Pedri's sensational form means he just gets in ahead of the Brazilian enforcer and Frenkie De Jong in the final midfield slot. The prodigy has arguably been Barcelona's star talent since making his debut just two years ago. Attack: Depay, Benzema, Vinicius There are a lot of options at both clubs for the front three spots, and the decision is very borderline. One player that is undroppable is Karim Benzema, with the Frenchman's prowess recently dragging Real to domestic glory. Ferran Torres, Adama Traore and Marco Asensio all had a shout for the starting XI. However, Memphis Depay and Vinicius Junior have earned the right after their superb performances this season.