Charles Leclerc said he “did not expect” Sergio Perez to beat him to pole as the Ferrari man was only quick enough for second. He said his “lap felt good” and the session was just about keeping it on the track.  Leclerc added: "The lap felt good, honestly. I am very happy with the lap. All qualifying was all about just keeping it on track and not doing any mistakes which would have been costly. "Then in Q3 in the second lap, I just went for it. I more or less put everything together, there was a bit here and there. I definitely did not expect Checo to come with that lap time, congratulations to him. I'm sure he did an incredible job today." Leclerc was on provisional pole before a last-minute steal by Red Bull’s Perez. Leclerc’s Ferrari team-mate Carlos Sainz was third with Max Verstappen in fourth. Sainz looked set to beat his team-mate earlier in qualifying but was unable to get a strong enough lap in at the end.  He was one-tenth down on his previous fastest after the first sector and lost more time later around the lap. READ MORE: Saudi Arabian GP qualifying results as Sergio Perez grabs pole  He said: "The lap for P3 was pretty good, it was on a used tyre - the new tyre for some reason is tricky for me. On the new tyre in the end of Q3 I didn't have the grip. Should be an exciting race!" Perez's pole position was his first in F1 despite spending a decade in the sport. The Mexican said: "What a lap, unbelievable. I can do 1,000 laps and I don't think I could beat that one, it was unbelievable. We weren't expecting to match the Ferraris in qualifying, we were focussing on the race." DON'T MISSFerrari boss raises driver 'concerns' ahead of Saudi Arabian GP [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen makes honest Ferrari comment and makes Red Bull demand {COMMENT]Leclerc tipped to replace Hamilton as Verstappen rivalry reignited [ANALYSIS] Ferrari team principal Mattia Binotto said: "Personally happy for our second and third position. I think after Bahrain to be here to be again competitive, showing the car somehow is great. The drivers can do well, I'm pretty happy with that." He added the race tomorrow would be a "gamble" but the team would be ready to take up any opportunities.