Polling guru Sir John Curtice has argued Jeremy Corbyn’s chances of returning to the Labour Party are slim with Sir Keir Starmer making any re-admission "virtually impossible. Mr Corbyn was suspended from the Labour party in late October over comments he made following a report by equalities watchdog about antisemitism in the party under his leadership. Sir John told GB News: "Jeremy Corbyn is no longer member of the Labour Party and I suspect is never going to be readmitted to the Labour Party. "Keir Starmer has made that now virtually impossible for him. "So far as those members of the Labour Party who had some sympathy for this Stop the War, what of course is true is that Keir Starmer said you're taking your names off the early day motion you have signed or you're on the whip suspended that duly happened. "Yes, of course, some Labour MPs still then I think spoke at a rally organised by Stop the War movement but you know, there, to be honest, you have to decide to what extent you are willing to go and what is a reasonable licence for MPs to have." Mr Corbyn's time as leader of the Labour Party was raised a number of times on Wednesday at Prime Minister's Questions, leading the Speaker to tell-off Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab for focusing too much on "ancient history." The clash erupted after Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab suggested Labour would put security at risk. Responding to Angela Rayner's third question in the Commons, he said: "The suggestion she's making is sheer nonsense. But if she wants to talk about national security then I remind her that she and her shadow cabinet colleagues not so long ago wanted the honourable member for Islington North [Jeremy Corbyn]... a man who wanted and talked about abolishing the Army, pulling out of Trident - she voted for that. "Has there ever been a more ridiculous, reckless, naive moment to call for unilateral nuclear disarmament and pulling out of Nato?  "A Labour government would put at risk our security. We're doing everything we can to protect it." Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle snapped: " I hate to say you can't keep going back for 12 years as a defensive mechanism. "What we want to do..." Responding to heckles from Conservative MPs, he roared: "I'll decide Thank you! "Deputy Prime Minister please if we could try and stick to the general rules, I have a lot of people ahead of me desperate to get in without talking about history. How far we want to go back is one thing in passing." A number of left-wing MPs in Labour have sparked outrage in recent weeks by blaming NATO expansionism for President Putin's invasion of Ukraine. Dianne Abbott, former shadow chancellor John McDonnell and ex-frontbencher Richard Burgon were among the 11 Labour MPs backing a motion criticising NATO. The Labour MPs joined Corbyn's Stop the War Coalition in calling for negotiation between Moscow and Kyiv.