Ben Smith appeared on GB News on Friday, March 4, to speak to hosts Eamonn Holmes and Anne Diamond about his recent weight loss transformation. Ben lost a huge 10 stone after a health scare. Ben is the co-founder of an app that “rescues people from fad diets”. The fitness guru’s approach to diets is to eat whatever you want, but in moderation. Portion control is key. Speaking on GB News, Ben explained how he started to lose weight, saying: “It was honestly just making sure I was eating food that I liked to eat but I stuck within portion control and did it within a week rather than in the complexity of a day.” READ MORE: Dietitian shares the number one green vegetable for weight loss He decided to lose weight because he went to see his doctor who told him he was pre-diabetic. “He said ‘you need to now go on medication for the rest of your life’,” Ben recalled. “And, ‘you just really need to do it for your health’.” To lose weight, Ben claimed that “you definitely need motivation for sure”. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle: Why Duchess prefers hugs to handshakes [BODY LANGUAGE]Orchid care: Secret to a flowering orchid - use old fish tank water [EXCLUSIVE]Weight loss and mental health: 7 steps to help you 'lose weight' [COMMENT] He continued: “But overwhelmingly it’s the case of discipline. “So, for me, it was saying to myself if I can do something now that I can see myself doing in 10 years’ time, then I’m going to be able to hopefully enjoy the journey. “I was just making sure it was challenging of course, but I enjoyed it, and that was all within a weekly calorie deficit, which is what I did specifically.” A calorie deficit is one of the most effective ways to lose weight, according to many experts. Ben went on to explain how he reached a calorie deficit, saying: “You’ve got the conventional way of using daily calories, so I essentially multiplied that by seven and said as long as I hit that target for any one week, then that’s good enough for me, and that’s what I was doing.” The slimmer stressed how he used his own advice via his app #itsfine to lose weight, explaining that the app “is just a positive message of saying to people you can do all the things that you’re told typically through diets that you can’t, but you just need to be mindful of portion control”. “And it’s a really important piece that plays on being able to maintain your weight loss as well,” Ben continued. He explained that this means dieters can still eat their favourite foods, such as takeaways, but fewer of them than usual. “Once a week I’d always have what I called my anchor, which was my weekend takeaways with family and those sorts of things,” Ben said. “Because they’re the things if you start restricting, then you’re just going to be feeling guilty when you do have them, and feeling anxious about enjoying them.” The app founder added: “So, yes, to this day, I still do exactly everything that I did on my day one approach, which was enjoy all these foods in moderation alongside a good nutrient-dense approach with food.” This way, Ben lost an impressive 10 stone and has been able to maintain his ideal weight.