Manchester United were poor, particularly in the second half, during their 4-1 derby defeat to Manchester City on Sunday. The Red Devils went into the game hoping to boost their chances of qualifying for the Champions League. However, they were put to the sword on a chastening afternoon at the Etihad Stadium. Manchester United were outplayed by City. Kevin De Bruyne put the home side ahead in the fifth minute, finishing from close range and putting the ball through Harry Maguire’s legs. Jadon Sancho levelled for United to give them hope of securing a point. But De Bruyne put City back in front and they turned on the style in the second half with Riyad Mahrez bagging a brilliant brace to give his side victory and derby days bragging rights. Four players were particularly woeful for United and Express Sport will now take a look at the members of Ralf Rangnick’s squad who let the 63-year-old down. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Let’s start with the obvious. Harry Maguire is an £80million defender. When the club signed him from Leicester, they thought he’d be the answer to their centre-back woes. Instead, he’s a problem. Maguire was shambolic against City, with the England international poor for three or the four goals on the day. When Raphael Varane is fit again, the France international should be the one who partners Victor Lindelof at the back. Maguire, simply put, isn’t good enough. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message In 2019, just weeks before United signed Maguire from Leicester, Aaron Wan-Bissaka touched down from Crystal Palace. Yet the right-back has regressed worryingly over the past 12 months and was poor against City. Time and time again Bernardo Silva, Kevin De Bruyne and Phil Foden ganged up on the former Palace star. And he simply couldn’t stop the tide of blue shirts sprinting at him from all directions. Wan-Bissaka also offered precious little going forward and it’ll be curious to see whether the Red Devils pursue an upgrade at the end of the campaign. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Before the game with City, Rangnick confirmed Luke Shaw was out of the match due to Covid. And how the German will have wished he’d had the England international available for the match with City. Alex Telles started the game in Shaw’s absence. And, like Wan-Bissaka, he was dire as City swarmed him regularly over the course of the 90 minutes. Telles should have stopped two of the goals, at least, and the Brazil international continues to blow hot and cold since his arrival from Porto in 2020. While Roy Keane was quick to criticise Fred after the game, at least the Brazilian offered energy. Scott McTominay, in comparison, did not. The Scotland international made virtually no impact on the proceedings at the Etihad, losing his midfield battle. If he was given the job of stifling the threat of De Bruyne, it would be truthful to say he failed miserably. McTominay has been a regular in this United team since Rangnick’s appointment yet his performances, and lack of consistency, is holding him back.