Haas have offered an encouraging update on Mick Schumacher's health after the German ploughed into the wall in qualifying for the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. Schumacher remained in the car for a prolonged period as an ambulance rushed to the scene before the 23-year-old was airlifted to hospital. Haas put on a strong showing during last weekend's curtain-raiser in Bahrain as Schumacher and team-mate Kevin Magnussen both came home inside the top 12. The pair followed on from their early momentum by powering into Q2 in Saudi Arabia on Saturday. Things quickly turned ugly for Schumacher though as he lost control over an apex and crashed into a wall at high speed. The lack of movement from inside the car sparked concern until reports surfaced stating that he was conscious and speaking, and it later emerged that he was airlifted to hospital. DON'T MISS: Lewis Hamilton knocked out in Q1 in nightmare Saudi Arabian qualifying session  Following the horror incident, Haas said: "Can confirm Mick appears physically fine - he has spoken to his mom etc. Likely being taken to hospital for a scan as a precaution but awaiting FIA update on that. So expect something via them by way of next update." Schumacher was first taken to the Medical Centre where an initial assessment revealed no injuries. The youngster was then transferred to King Fahad Armed Forces Hospital in Jeddah for more checks.  Sky Sports commentator David Croft claimed that the crash likely occurred at around 170mph given the section of the circuit in which it occurred. With significant damage sustained to Schumacher's Haas, former F1 world champion Jenson Button labelled the accident 'horrible'. With debris scattered around the track, the day's second qualifying session was suspended for around an hour. Former Haas driver Romain Grosjean, who endured an infamous crash of his own back in 2020, was among those to send his well-wishes to Schumacher.  The time set by Schumacher before his crash was good enough for 14th, while Magnussen powered through into the final qualifying session. The McLaren duo of Lando Norris and Daniel Ricciardo were dealt more disappointment as they wound up 11th and 12th respectively. Guanyu Zhou of Alfa Romeo and Lance Stroll of Aston Martin completed the quintet of drivers who failed to make it from Q2 to Q3. There was time for more qualifying drama in the final session too as Sergio Perez pipped both Ferraris and Max Verstappen to take his first career pole position. 