Manchester United players have been left stunned by Cristiano Ronaldo's absence from today's derby match with Manchester City, reports say. The Red Devils go into the game looking to get their Premier League campaign back on track. Yet their No 7 won't be taking to the field at the Etihad Stadium. Ronaldo has scored 15 goals for United this season since returning from Juventus after 12 years away. However, the Portugal international’s form has dipped ever since the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and appointment of Ralf Rangnick at Old Trafford. Now, Ronaldo will miss today’s match with City through injury. And The Sun say members of the squad have been left ‘stunned’ by the news that the 37-year-old won’t be involved for the match at the Etihad Stadium. It’s also stated some figures are angry that Ronaldo hasn’t travelled to show his support, with the forward not even in the stadium watching on from the sidelines. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here They are claimed to think that a player ‘as senior as Ronaldo’ should have joined them for support for such a big game. With the Portugal international missing, United have now a selection headache. Marcus Rashford could spearhead the Red Devils’ attack, despite the England international struggling for consistency over the course of the campaign. Bruno Fernandes as a false nine is another option, though that may mean less creativity from midfield. And Anthony Elanga and Jadon Sancho are possible talismanic alternatives, too. United have been hit by several issues ahead of the match with City. As well as Ronaldo, Edinson Cavani is also primed to miss the showdown at the Etihad Stadium. Luke Shaw and Raphael Varane are also fitness doubts, with the duo not seen at the Lowry Hotel ahead of the game. Meanwhile, regarding Ronaldo, United legend Gary Neville thinks his old team may be ‘better off’ without the 37-year-old. "United over the last three or four years have been a counter-attacking team, and that will be exactly the same today I think,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “With Ronaldo out of the team I think they might be better off with Rashford’s pace on the counter-attack today." But Roy Keane has insisted it’s a ‘dangerous’ theory from Neville that United may improve without Ronaldo in their attack. "I think it’s a dangerous conversation when you’re talking about ‘it’s good Ronaldo is not available’ or whatever the reasons are - whether he’s injured or whatever,” he said. “I still think you’d want Ronaldo in your team. “Of course, counter-attack the most important thing is the pace, to say that it might be a plus that Ronaldo isn’t available, I don’t accept that."