Today’s news of increased interest rates would appear to be welcome news for savers. However, a financial expert has warned they are still in a potentially precarious position. The Bank of England today increased the base interest rate by 0.25 points, up to 0.75 percent from 0.5 percent. The decision by the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) was split, but passed by eight votes to one in favour of an interest rate hike. This marks the third consecutive interest rate increase, and it is not expected to be the last. It is believed another 0.25 percent increase will be implemented in May 2022, which would mean rates hitting one percent. READ MORE: NS&I to offer more choice to Premium Bonds jackpot winners from next month The latest rise marks the first back-to-back interest rate increases since 2004. Interest rates were doubled from 0.25 percent to 0.5 percent back in February. Higher interest rates are generally good news for savers, but Andrew Megson, Executive Chairman of My Pension Expert, believes people trying to save for retirement are still facing an uphill battle. He said: “Usually, today’s decision by the BoE to hike interest rates would be welcome news for savers and pension-planners. DON'T MISSCouncil tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim [INSIGHT]Gifting cash to beat Sunak’s inheritance tax grab? Avoid these five costly IHT mistakes [WARNING]State pension shock as Britons find their National Insurance contributions don't count [ALERT] “However, with conflict brewing in Europe and a cost-of-living crisis to contend with, uncertainty still abounds and rates remain just a touch above record lows." The UK is currently grappling with eye-watering levels of inflation, which have pushed up the cost of living. The most recent figures showed inflation at 5.5 percent, a 30-year high. Mr Megson warned that given the current financial landscape could push savers into a more vulnerable position. He said: “Pension planners may feel pressured into making significant financial changes to achieve stronger returns. “In fact, over a third (34 percent) of pension planners have placed more of their savings into investments to counteract the combination of rising inflation and low base rates, according to My Pension Expert's own research. "Of course, this is not in itself a bad thing – the real concern is that such individuals are making drastic decisions without seeking the necessary advice.” Some 68 percent of pension investors admitted they have not sought independent financial advice to assist with their retirement strategy. Mr Megson concluded: “This is sobering news in the current climate and could expose pension planners to a great deal of risk. “Keeping a cool head and seeking independent financial advice before making any major changes to their finances is the best thing that savers should be doing at the moment. “This will ensure that they are making fully informed decisions about their pension investments whilst also enabling them to develop a retirement strategy tailored to their specific needs and goals. “In doing so, Britons should feel reassured that they can save for retirement with greater confidence."