Chelsea's incoming owner must continue to spend in the transfer market to keep up with the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool, according to former England midfielder Danny Murphy. Roman Abramovich announced on Wednesday that Chelsea has been put up for sale. Abramovich claimed it was in the best interests of the club for him to move on following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Abramovich bought Chelsea in 2003 and has won every trophy possible during his time at the helm. Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss is one of a number of buyers interested in purchasing the Blues. Murphy says one of the main criteria for the new owner must be that they are prepared to spend big in the transfer market. He claims for Chelsea to compete at the top end of the Premier League with the likes of City and Liverpool, there must be continual recruitment of top talent. JUST IN: Arsenal's spectacular XI next season with three new signings and William Saliba  Chelsea haven't won the Premier League since 2017, with City and Liverpool sharing the honours since then. "Whoever's going to buy the club is going to be wealthy, we know that," Murphy said on talkSPORT. "But what structure are they going to put in place? What amount of that wealth are they going to use to try and make the team competitive? Or is it more of a business model? "You look at the various ownership models in the Premier League already. The one thing you know you've got to do now at the top end is spend. DON'T MISSCristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi set to go head to head again for Man Utd and PSG [REPORT]Man Utd have 'submitted transfer offer' as Harry Maguire faces being replaced [GOSSIP]Man Utd’s amazing XI if Carlo Ancelotti takes over and signs three players [OPINION]  "And also, it's not just spending but how you spend and who you put in the pivotal positions of CEO or head of recruitment and all these different things." Abramovich has become renowned for his hiring and firing strategy at Chelsea. But Murphy admits the Russian has been proven right with all his managerial decisions. He added: "Although they change managers a lot, the one thing that they have done is continually win and the one thing he seems to have done brilliantly, Abramovich, is put people in the right positions who are making those decisions.  "There are a lot of decisions that have gone by over the years, over the seasons where you think 'I'm not sure about that, that's a bit harsh, how can you put him as temporary manager?'. "I'm thinking of Rafa [Benitez] going in and winning the Europa League, Avram Grant was a penalty away from winning the Champions League, [Roberto] Di Matteo was temporary, came in and won the Champions League, [Thomas] Tuchel came in last year and won the Champions League when people thought it was a bit harsh on Frank [Lampard]. "There's all these decisions that keep getting made over the last however many years, [that] have been correct."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here