The Cambridges’ week-long tour to mark the Queen’s 70 years on the throne has seen them visit Belize and Jamaica before their final stop in the Bahamas. In Belize, the royal couple got involved in some traditional dancing, visited a chocolate farm and learned about efforts to conserve Belize's barrier reef.  In Jamaica, they visited the neighbourhood where reggae legend Bob Marley lived and played football with England forward Raheem Sterling, who was born on the island. On Friday, the couple raced against each other as part of a regatta to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The trip also saw the duke meet members of the Bahamas Red Cross who had dealt with the aftermath of Hurricane Dorian in 2019 before being deployed to Covid-19 hubs, while the duchess spoke to medics at the Princess Margaret Hospital about the importance of mental and physical health. They also saw a traditional Junkanoo parade featuring performers in elaborate costumes and visited a primary school, where students presented them with a portrait of the Queen.  However, the tour wasn’t all smiles as it saw the royal couple come face to face with several controversies. Prince William and Kate arrived in Jamaica, the second stop of their trip, on March 22 but only a day later, the Jamaican government had begun the process of transitioning the largest English speaking country in the Caribbean into a republic. The news arrived at a difficult moment for the royals as just ohe day before the couple’s arrival in the country, one hundred Jamaican academics, politicians, and cultural figures signed an open letter calling for the royal family and British government to apologize and pay reparations for subjecting the island to colonial rule and slavery. READ MORE: Stunning images as military vessels including Royal Navy skim UK coast In last-minute adjusted speech, Prince William stopped short of an apology, instead expressing “profound sorrow” for the “appalling atrocity of slavery” during an address to Jamaica’s Prime Minister on March 23. Upon returning to the UK, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will be attending the Thanksgiving service of Prince Philip which is set to be held at Westminster Abbey on Tuesday. The palace has yet to confirm whether the 95-year-old Queen will be present at the service after reports have hinted at Queen is suffering from mobility issues. DON'T MISS:Gaffe-prone Joe Biden leaves White House reeling after Putin remarkPrince William hints Commonwealth could lead itself in rare statementRoyal Family LIVE: Kate and William 'severely wounded'