Russian side Krasnodar have reluctantly paused the contracts of eight of their foreign players, who will now train alone elsewhere in light of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The development has emerged just over 24 hours after former Norwich City boss Daniel Farke and his entire coaching staff agreed the mutual termination of their contracts without managing a single game. Now several of the club's players have followed Farke out of the door - continuing the mass exodus - after asking Krasnodar to suspend their contracts. Krasnodar is backed by billionaire businessman Sergei Galitsky and the club were unable to fulfil a league match last weekend following airport closures in southern Russia. The list of released players includes ex-Newcastle attacking midfielder Remy Cabella, who is already training with his former side Montpellier in France. John Cordoba, a £16.5million signing from FC Koln in Germany, has also been allowed to depart. READ MORE: Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich issues emotional statement confirming club for sale Ex-Paris Saint-Germain and West Brom midfielder Grzegorz Krychowiak is also off despite signing on a three-year deal in August. The 32-year-old Poland international and his 'Bialo-czerwoni' team-mates have already made it clear they will not play Russia in their World Cup play-off - a decision also backed by Sweden and Czech Republic. Krychowiak was even understood to be willing to totally terminate his current contract in Russia just six months into his stay but Krasnodar would not comply. Striker Erik Botheim, who was signed in January from Norwegian minnows Bodø/Glimt after putting Jose Mourinho's Roma to the sword in the Europa League, is also facing a swift departure from Krasnodar. Ecuadorian defender Cristian Ramirez, Brazilian duo Kaio and Wanderson, Sweden's Viktor Claesson and Paraguay's Junior Alonso have also had their contracts paused. Armenia's Eduard Spertsyan is expected to stay with Krasnodar despite being one of the club's foreign players. Belarusian defender Alyaksandr Martynovich will also remain part of the first-team set-up with The Bulls. In a statement released on Wednesday, Krasnodar confirmed they had accepted the resignation of Farke and his staff. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here It read: "On 2 March FC Krasnodar's top management and Daniel Farke reached an agreement on a contract termination by mutual consent of the parties. "Farke’s assistant coaches, Edmund Riemer, Chris Domogalla, and Christopher John, are leaving the club with the German coach. "Football Club Krasnodar thank the coaching staff for the work done and wish them luck in their further career." Farke had received pleas from his family to return home to Western Europe despite taking the role just six weeks ago.