Coronation Street resident Nick Tilsley (played by Ben Price) has been trying to build a relationship with his son Sam (Jude Riordan) ever since his mum Natasha (Rachel Leskovac) died. Initially, Sam refused to talk and wouldn't come out of his room as he struggled to come to terms with the loss of his mum. However, in recent weeks, ITV viewers have watched Sam build a close friendship with Roy Cropper (David Neilson) as they bonded over the game of chess. Roy quickly realised Sam was a genius at the game as it seemed no one could defeat the youngster. Earlier this month, Roy watched on as Sam beat Brian (Peter Dunn) at chess in the cafe. Despite the duo growing close in recent weeks, when Sam tried to give Roy a high five to celebrate his win, he declined. "You left him hanging?" Brian told the cafe owner as Roy replied: "I am not really a fan of the five highs." READ MORE: Where is Bargain Hunt's Anita Manning from? "I find it a little excessive," he added before Brian hit back: "He's just a child." "A very talented child," Roy went on to point out as Brian replied: "I am sure if I play him again..." "Do you want a rematch, Brian?" Sam quipped before Brian made his excuses to leave. However, Nick seems to be pushing his son away after he banned him from playing chess with Roy. The cafe owner told his son he needed to concentrate on his schoolwork more. Although, little did Nick know was that his partner Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) was secretly letting Sam continue to play his beloved chess. And when Nick did find out about the betrayal, he was not pleased with Leanne or his son for going behind his back. But, will he be able to forgive them? However, in upcoming scenes in the ITV soap, Nick seems to have a change of heart when he realises he has been overprotective of Sam. DON'T MISS...NCIS season 19 UK: When will series 19 premiere on Disney+? [INSIGHT]What did Lauryn do to Sully in Top Boy? [SPOILERS]Piers Morgan in fresh jibe at Meghan Markle [VIDEO] In official spoilers released by ITV, Roy tells Nick that there’s a children’s chess tournament taking place. Nick hesitates at first, but he finally agrees to let Sam take part. Sam is overjoyed to hear about the chess tournament, although Nick is left gutted when his son asks to take Roy instead of him. With the chess tournament underway, an excited Sam takes his place opposite his opponent, ready to battle it out for a place in the final. After beating his opponent, Nick goes over some chess tactics with Sam, convinced his genius son is going to wipe the floor with his second opponent in the final. Later on, Sam takes his seat opposite his opponent, Jalena, for the final of the chess tournament. Although, with the added pressure from Nick about winning the competition, will Sam's nerves get the better of him? Chess is the only thing the youngster has been interested in since his mum died, will he end up storming out of the tournament following the loss, leading him to run away from his dad and Weatherfield for good? Coronation Street returns on Friday at 8pm on ITV.