Former education secretary Gavin Williamson has been given a knighthood by Downing Street for his efforts to education - a move that has been heavily criticised by football icon Gary Neville.  Williamson, 45, was elected as the Secretary of State for Education in July 2019, taking over from Damian Hinds. Taking on the brunt of the COVID-19 pandemic, Williamson was criticised for his decision to cancel A-Level exams in 2020, with results being calculated on teacher assessments as opposed to exam results. He did the same again in 2021 with the cancellation of GCSE exams, alongside a mobile phone ban that enraged teachers and parents. Moreover, he also confused philanthropic Manchester United star Marcus Rashford and England rugby player Maro Itoje, angering citizens across the nation.  And his decision to be given a knighthood has been questioned by Neville, who berated the news with a simple three-word message. Neville tweeted: 'FFS!' at the announcement, showing his frustration at the ordeal. "Get appointed. Cock it up. Know where the skeletons are. Resign. Arise Sir...," he continued. It is not the first time Neville has aired his dismay at parliamentary decisions. The ex-Manchester United star has criticised the current Conservative government time after time over their handling of the pandemic, calling Prime Minister Boris Johnson 'the worst kind of leader' that Britain could have. "The reports emerging that Boris Johnson is going to announce a press conference at 5.30pm. The distraction tactic is now a predictable one," Neville said back in December. "We’ve seen it for the last two years. This guy lacks integrity. He lies to us constantly. The mistruths that come out of number 10 are just constant. "Not only that but he’s the worst kind of leader. Someone who expects his team to go under with him and come out and lie for him.  "His ministers and his MPs are constantly forced to do that and enough is enough." It is unknown as to when Williamson's knighthood will be, although Downing Street confirmed its eventuality with a statement on Thursday. "The Queen has been pleased to approve that the honour of Knighthood be conferred upon The Rt. Hon. Gavin Williamson CBE MP," it read.