Kate appears to have become keener on opening up about her family and private life in recent months. During visits and engagements, the Duchess of Cambridge, known for her reserved and shy nature, has allowed royal fans to take a peek into her household and her life with Prince William and their children George, Charlotte and Louis. This has been noted also by royal author Sarah Gristwood, who believes Kate had to "raise the bar" amid a number of issues experienced by the Royal Family in recent times. Among them, there has been the exit of senior royals the Duke and Duchess of Sussex - who left the Firm without two key working members - and the Queen's health setbacks. Moreover, as - alongside Prince William - Kate represents the future of the Royal Family, the weight of keeping the Firm in touch with modern society falls also on her shoulder. Ms Gristwood told People magazine: "The changing times have required Kate to start to share a bit more. "She's done it carefully enough to be relatable — nothing that would cause controversy and nothing that could be considered oversharing." During her two-day visit to Copenhagen, where she travelled on a fact-finding mission focused on early years approaches adopted in Denmark, Kate revealed during a conversation with two mothers holding eight-month-old babies she gets "very broody" when working with young children. She candidly said: "William always worries about me meeting under one-year-olds. "I come home saying, 'Let's have another one'." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry have ‘incinerated' bridges in UK – poll results At the Lego Foundation PlayLab, the Duchess felt confident enough to let her hair down and go down a whirly slide unprompted. She also revealed how she spent part of the prior week, when her children were enjoying a half-term break from school. Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, she said, were "jealous" they could not join her on her trip after learning there would be Lego bricks at her destination - with which they had played a lot during their holidays. On Tuesday, when Kate and William visited Wales, the Duchess spoke again about the recent half-term holidays.  During a visit at Pant Farm, one of the farmers - Gary Yeomans - explained to the royals a robot silage sweeper they have spotted could be used to move feed. The Duchess chimed in, saying: "That was George’s job at half term – moving feed." William joined in the conversation, revealing they are getting their children involved on the farm in Sandringham - where the Cambridges normally spend their weekends and staycations. He said: "We are trying some Agroforestry as well. "During that same engagement, Kate also opened up on her family history. She said: "I was looking into my ancestry and there was someone who was a rare breed goat farmer. "I will have to find out which one it was. "It was just after the First World War." Kate and William's latest visit to Wales comes just weeks before the Cambridges are to leave for a whirlwind tour of three Caribbean nations - Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas. During this tour, they intend to meet as many locals as possible as well as dive into local culture, conservation efforts and early childhood approaches. This tour, taking place on the Platinum Jubilee year, will also help reinforce the ties of these three countries with the Crown.