Manchester United are expected to interview Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique after holding discussions with Ajax boss Erik ten Hag, according to reports. The Old Trafford hierarchy are now beginning to intensify their search for a new manager after the club crashed out of the Champions League last 16 to Atletico Madrid last week to mark yet another trophyless season. It's now been nearly five years since United last won silverware under Jose Mourinho and this time around, the board are adamant they must get their next appointment right in order to avoid falling even further behind the likes of Manchester City and Chelsea. Late on Tuesday night, media reports emerged confirming that Ten Hag had spoken with United on Monday to discuss the vacancy ahead of the summer. The Dutch tactician remains committed to finishing the season with Ajax but beyond that, he could leave Amsterdam less than a year after signing on a new contract. United would have to pay around £4million compensation to free him from his current deal in Holland. COMMENT: Erik ten Hag's first two Man Utd signings should follow him from Ajax Yet while Ten Hag is now a clear frontrunner for the job, he does have stern competition... Goal are reporting that United plan to interview all four managers on their shortlist: Pochettino, Lopetegui and Enrique. The latter remains committed to his contract with the Spain national team though ahead of the World Cup in Qatar later this year. Meanwhile, Pochettino appears to be on borrowed time in Paris following PSG's Champions League defeat to Real Madrid. DON'T MISSPaul Pogba reveals battle with depression after World Cup medal stolen during Man Utd gameMan Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land Chelsea star Antonio RudigerArsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks held The Argentine has already conceded that the embarrassing collapse has affected his dressing room following the 3-0 defeat at Monaco last weekend. Pochettino was sounded out by United chiefs in November 2020 before Ole Gunnar Solskjaer steadied the ship before eventually being dismissed just over a year later. PSG are now considering parting company with Pochettino, who will keep his job in the French capital until the end of the international break at the very least. United are adamant there is no frontrunner for the vacancy although all signs are now pointing towards Ten Hag as the leading contender. The process is being led by football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick will also play a part in helping United find their new boss as he prepares to move upstairs into a consultancy role. Ten Hag is understood to have impressed the United duo but no final decision has been made on the club's next manager as of yet. For now, Ten Hag remains focused on finishing the season with Ajax as he looks to sign off in style in the Netherlands.