Nikita Kuzmin, 24, has spoken in a candid interview with The One Show about his heartbreak as the Russian invasion of his native Ukraine continues. The Strictly Come Dancing professional shared his worries for his family who are still in Kyiv, as he awaits in worry for their phone call each day. Nikita featured on this evening's The One Show, presented by Jermaine Jenas and Emma Willis who spoke to Strictly stars Nikita and Graziano Di Prima about their upcoming dance show. The interview began, however, with Emma and Jermaine talking to Nikita about the horrendous situation happening at his home. He said: "I still have my grandparents in Kyiv, my aunt for the moment, they are safe. "But we are trying to phone call them everyday. READ MORE: 'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star "I just hope they are going to answer and hope that they are fine. Honestly, every day it is just hope for the best." Nikita also told of how his "childhood friends" are all fighting at the moment to save the "country that we love". He continued: "Yes, all of my friends, all of the guys that I grew up with, all of the guys I have been training with, competing against, going to training camps, they are all right now defending the country. "They are all defending from the invasion. This is the only thing which basically keeps the country alive right now. "Because everybody came together to defend defend the country that we love." Nikita also wanted to make it clear that this wasn't about him as he is safe here in the UK. He added: "I am safe here, it is not about me. "It is about the people who are in danger, who are suffering right now. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale’s Samantha Giles rushed to hospital with mystery illness [HEALTH] Dan Walker reaches out to Chris Kamara as he breaks silence on health [COMMENT] 'Don't say bottom or poo' Gaby Roslin on Prince Charles meet [ROYAL] "I just know that from close friends all of those messages and all of those things are really, really helping." Nikita, who was partnered with Tilly Ramsay in last year's series, was born in the Ukraine but he and part of his family relocated to Italy when he was just nine years old. Nikita met his grandmother at a train station in Poland last week, and shared a snapshot of the emotional day where he praised the "incredibly brave and strong" woman for making the journey. He explained how she went two nights without sleeping and walked over 8km in the "freezing cold when on a normal day she can barely walk". Nikita wrote on Instagram: "She traveled from Kiev, my mom flew from Rome and I drove from Frankfurt and we all reunited in Krakow! Just so happy to be together." He added that, while he was waiting for his mother and grandma at the station, he wanted to be happy, but was hit for the first time with the reality of what was happening. "I’ve been immersed in this situation for the first time in real life. Although I know I should have been happy for my family, I couldn’t. Just had tears in my eyes, because of how sad the situation is," he admitted. "How many thousands of kids and women are doing their absolute best to stay strong."