During her teenage years, Sophie sustained a spinal cord injury in a road traffic accident in 2003, resulting in paralysis from the chest down. She often advocates for disabilities and has spoken out about her injuries. On Monday afternoon, her mother joined the Loose Women panel to discuss what it has been like caring for Sophie after her accident, where she revealed she "cried quietly" with fears Sophie would see her. After speaking about the accident and where she and Sophie's father were at the time they got the call, Carol Morgan went on to reveal she didn't "have time" to feel guilt. Panelist Jane Moore asked: "The grief that I would assume that you feel about the life that you feel that your daughter was going to have and obviously she had an amazing life now, but where has your grief gone for that?" Carol explained: "You know what, you are in the eye of the storm. You don't really have time for grief because that is a bit of an indulgence." Shocked at her statement, Jane interrupted: "Not even if you are in a room on your own?" READ MORE: Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star Carol admitted: "I did cry a lot, but I did that very quietly and because there was a job to do and it had to be done. "I felt like I really had to do that, I mean, she was surrounded by amazing professionals, but I really felt that my job was to step up and be there. "I thought if I fall apart of if she sees that I have fallen apart, this is not good, so I kept that under wraps for a long time. "Then eventually it is so under wraps that you just keep on, and people didn't talk about mental health or ask 'Are you ok?' or 'Is Sophie ok?'" Speaking about the love and respect Sophie has for her mother, she described her as the "best mum in the world". "I will say it until I die, you saved my life, I wouldn't have been able to do any of it because yes, we had all the professionals, and I had wonderful friends and everything, but it was the constant I knew I could never fall. "She always had me held, like there as invisible harness just holding me from never hitting rock bottom ever! "Even in the years since spinal injury comes with complications, and you still have my back if I need it, so, yeah, you are the best mum in the whole world." DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford slaps down child-smacking ban in heated debate [INSIGHT]Stacey Solomon confused after her outfits spark bizarre comparisons [LATEST]Loose Women's Denise Welch fires back at Twitter troll's cruel remark [WATCH] Despite her injuries and disability, Sophie has gone on to create an amazing career for herself, including her most recent stints as lead presenter for the Paralympics on Channel 4 last year and Crufts 2022. However, she revealed it is still "incredibly hurtful" when someone dismisses her inclusion as a "box-ticking exercise". "I have worked very hard to break that glass ceiling. It's like, 'You can only present on stuff that's to do with disability, otherwise, people are going to go, why would you present this?' "To transcend disability programming and go into more mainstream - it's been really hard but really rewarding," she explained. Last year whilst on the Loose Women panel, Sophie broke down as she recalled her accident and said: "It kind of shook me when I saw it, and it shook me for a couple of reasons. "I was at work, and I wasn’t expecting to see a picture of myself, but I was quite surprised by my reaction. "Part of me was looking at this image of my little self-thinking if I could, would I go back and tell her in six months' time you're going to go and collect your A level results and you're going to go to a party, and you're going to go to an afterparty. "And in that journey, you’re going to lose control of your car and you’re going to crash, and you’re going to be paralysed from the chest down and you’re never going to walk again, you’re never going to feel or move from that injury level down for the rest of your life, or would I say nothing at all? Sophie has also revealed she counts herself as having two birthdays; the first is the date she was born 37 years ago. The second is her A-level results day when, aged 18, she was paralysed from the waist down in a car crash, and her new life began. Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV.