JK Rowling has reacted to Russian President Vladimir Putin after he compared his country to the Harry Potter author because it was being “cancelled”. Rowling has been heavily criticised for her remarks about transgender people. He was likely referring to the Cardiff Philharmonic Orchestra removing Tchaikovsky’s 1812 Overture from upcoming performances, and an Italian university which removed a course on Dostoevsky before backtracking. "Today they are trying to cancel a whole thousand-year culture - our people," he said. "They are banning Russian writers and books." READ MORE: Naga Munchetty addresses BBC Breakfast absence as she slams backlash  "They are now trying to cancel our country. I'm talking about the progressive discrimination of everything to do with Russia,” he added. The author, who also uses the pen name, Robert Galbraith, strongly refused the politician’s claims. In view of her 13.9million followers, she retweeted a BBC article about Alexei Navalny, a Russian anti-corruption campaigner who is currently in jail, and expressed her allegiance with Ukraine.  “Critiques of Western cancel culture are possibly not best made by those currently slaughtering civilians for the crime of resistance, or who jail and poison their critics. #IStandWithUkraine,” wrote Rowling. Putin sparked outrage when he compared “cancel culture” to the Nazis burning books ahead of World War II. "We remember the footage when they were burning books," he said. "It is impossible to imagine such a thing in our country and we are insured against this thanks to our culture. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal [INSIGHT]Britney Spears thinking about getting 'a boob job' after weight loss [UPDATE]'Won't be cancelled' Expert on Piers Morgan's war on cancel culture [ANALYSIS] "And it's inseparable for us from our motherland, from Russia, where there is no place for ethnic intolerance, where for centuries representatives from dozens of ethnic groups have been living together." For the last month, Russian soldiers and bombs have been razing Ukrainian cities to the ground, leaving hundreds dead and millions seeking refuge. Russia has since become the most sanctioned country in the world, with 65 further sanctions announced against businesses and individuals yesterday. Meanwhile JK Rowling has sparked a huge backlash over her comments about transgender people in recent years, with many accusing her of being transphobic. Her charity, Lumos, has been helping to raise money for children affected by the conflict in Ukraine. She promised to match all donations to the Lumos emergency appeal up to £1million. “Children trapped in orphanages and other institutions are exceptionally vulnerable right now,” she tweeted earlier today. “Thank you so, so much to everyone who has already donated to Lumos's Ukraine appeal.”