 The UK should prepare itself yet again for another arctic snap that could bring snow and more destructive winds. Though the evenings are gradually getting longer, and the spring equinox arrives later this month, people in the UK are not set to experience springtime weather any time soon.   The beginning of next week begins with a band of rain as low pressure moves in and “we start to develop easterly winds so there should be a fair amount of dry weather and sunshine”, according to BBC weather forecaster Chris Fawkes. However, Mr Fawkes warned that the temporary dry spells with sunshine will abruptly end in the latter half of the week as “cold winds will develop as the week goes by.” This is caused by a dominant high to the east that blocks the jet stream causing it to split into a fork of two high pressure and cold air streams and that will make it cold. The dominant high will make it difficult for the jet stream to pass and so the cold weather will last for a while.    The cold snap arriving from the east will cover the southern and eastern parts of the UK in snow flurries. According to the Mirror, “Snowbombs” have also been forecast for the latter half of next week as the UK readies itself for another battering from another “beast from the east” arctic blast bringing in freezing temperatures and snow. In some areas as much as 10cm of snow will fall within the space of an hour when the arctic snap hits. Temperatures are predicted to dip to a biting -4C In some parts of the country, combined with high pressure and cold air. READ MORE:Russian soldiers head home on foot en masse  Jim Dale, Senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, commented on the rarity of arctic air from Europe colliding with the milder systems from the Atlantic that causes the beast from the east. He said: “It’s something we’ve not seen this winter, the two meeting up right over the UK. “I have seen it in the past, in the last decade where places like the Pennines and the Cleveland Hills can be deep in snow for a week. “That can quite easily happen.” DON'T MISS:Julia Bradbury says she's ‘lucky to be alive’ in new health update (INSIGHT)POLL: Do YOU think it's fair to Camilla that Kate is more prominent? (POLL)The Godfather to Goodfellas: UK's Top 10 favourite gangster movies (ANALYSIS)  As the country continues to recover from Storm Dudley and Storm Eunice, the new beast from the east is not set to bring any weather warnings. Cold weather systems are expected to sweep in from across the North Sea and Scandinavia by mid-march causing widespread frost and delaying the sunny onset of Spring. 