Joe Wicks, also known as The Body Coach, is famous for his approach to getting fitter and healthier through a healthy diet and exercise. On an Episode of The Body Coach, Joe Wicks revealed one weight loss trick he simply cannot get behind. “Don’t talk to me about diets. That’s the one thing I cannot stand. “They don’t work. They’re unsustainable. I’m saying no.” Many weight loss gurus revere diets, for example, Michael Mosley, whose 5:2, Fast 800, and Fast 800 Keto plans help slimmers lose fat rapidly. But Joe Wicks prefers a long-term, sustainable approach, based on principles of healthy eating. READ MORE: Zara Tindall keeps toned figure by avoiding two foods - ‘I don’t diet' The fitness fanatic doesn’t believe in cutting out whole food groups and even has a whole Instagram highlight dedicated to just pasta, where he makes it homemade with his children. His Instagram feed is filled with photos of delicious, filling meals, including wraps, potatoes, rice and pasta. He recently took to Instagram to show his 4.3 million followers a sweet treat he was enjoying. Joe Wicks said: “Double tap if this banana and Nutella crepe is a bit of you.” As long as healthy, nutritious foods make up the majority of our diets, there’s nothing wrong with indulging in treats occasionally – everything in moderation. As for exercise, The Body Coach opts for quick, intense bursts of exercise as opposed to long slogs in the gym. He explained: “The secret weapon for fat loss success with my approach, my plan is HIT [high intensity interval training]. “It’s short bursts of effort followed by rest.” To maintain motivation on a weight loss journey, Joe controversially recommends stepping off the scales. He stated: “I call the bathroom scales the sad step. “So many times I’ve seen people stand on it – they’ve had a great workout but their face drops because they don’t see the numbers move. “It’s depressing. Ditch the sad step once and for all and get it out of your life.” Progress pictures or simply feeling healthier and more confident are all more effective signs of measuring progress. Like chef James Martin, who credits his weight loss success to cutting out soft drinks and drinking more water, Joe Wicks also swears by getting enough H20. “A lot of people don’t drink enough water. But honesty, it’s priority number one. “As soon as you wake up, start drinking water. Don’t wait until you are thirsty [to drink water]. A hydrated body is more efficient at burning fat.” It also keeps the body fuller for longer. Joe Wicks fans can catch the fitness fiend now on Saturday Kitchen Live.