The bank revealed that the increase was to create “better value” for its customers, both new and old. Interest rates have risen 0.35 percent AER to a one percent AER for all new and existing Virgin Money customers. This change came into effect as of March 1, 2022 and the bank is making a conscious effort to promote its latest offering. However, the interest rate hike is applicable for customers who have balances of up to £25,000 in their accounts. For customers who have balances above this £25,000 threshold, the rate will rise to 0.50 percent. Among the bank's products which are affected by this rate change is the Virgin Money M Plus Account, the Virgin Money Club M Account and the Virgin Money M Account. Each product comes automatically linked with a savings account which allows customers to easily manage their money, and move any savings to and from their current account. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Virgin Money’s latest rate intervention follows the Bank of England base rate increase to 0.50 percent in February. According to the Bank of England, the base rate or interest is “what you pay for borrowing money, and what banks pay you for saving money with them”. Interest rates are changed by the Bank of England in order to mitigate the impact of inflation on savers. Recently, the Bank of England announced its third interest rate since the beginning of the pandemic to 0.75 percent. Inflation is currently forecast to rise to around eight percent in the second quarter of 2022 and maybe by even more later in the year. Anxieties over inflation have been exacerbated in light of the cost of living crisis as energy bills skyrocket to record levels. Hugh Chater, the chief commercial officer at Virgin Money, outlined why he believes the bank’s latest decision will benefit savers during this unprecedented pressure on households. Mr Chater explained: “Following the Bank of England base rate increase, we want to reward our customers for saving with us and give UK consumers more reasons to bank with Virgin Money. “We recognise the importance of supporting our customers in these challenging financial times, and by boosting our linked savings rates we can give customers better value for their savings.” Outside of this rate rise, Virgin Money has also overhauled its Brighter Money Bundles current account offering. Customers who have recently switched to the bank's Virgin Money M Plus Account and Virgin Money Club M Account will receive a £100 Virgin Experience Day gift card. On top of this, they will get a credit interest of 2.02 percent AER on current account balances up to £1,000 and a bonus rate of 3.00 percent AER fixed for 12 months on balances up to £1,000. These customers will also have the opportunity to Virgin Money Cashback on their everyday spending through participating retailers. Furthermore, they will get access to the linked savings account with one percent AER on balances up to £25,000. To open up one of the mentioned accounts, savers can visit their local Virgin Money branch or visit the bank’s website. Further information on any of these savings accounts or deals can be found on the Virgin Money website.