The father and daughter duo first teamed up to create the Spotify podcast Sorted with the Dyers back in 2020. The half-an-hour long episodes focus on Danny and Dani listening to the public’s problems and dilemmas, giving them advice on what to do. Yet in a recent episode Danny spoke out about his own struggles, hoping that by speaking out he will encourage others to do the same. After noticing that her father’s voice sounded more relaxed than normal, Danny replied: “I’ve had a tough week, mentally,” before elaborating to say that he is struggling with his identity. Emphasising the importance of talking about mental health, Danny went on to say: “It's been on me a little bit, brains been attacking me it is really difficult and so I just wanted to put that out there because I needed to do that. “Anyone who is struggling you need to open your mouth and say and stop saying 'you're fine', 'I’m alright' if you're not then express it. “It is important. Now, I’ve expressed it I feel slightly better, still, a little bit f****d in the nut, I am not going to lie. “We go through these times when we just don’t know how the f we are, and we struggle being who we are. Whatever the f that is. READ MORE: Dementia breakthrough: The toilet sign that may precede brain decline by 'seven years'  “So anyone listening to this, don’t worry I am going through it too and you will be ok." The podcast episode is not the first time that Danny has spoken out about the importance of breaking down stigmas attached to mental health. Back in 2020, at the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, Danny spoke to PA urging men in particular to talk about their mental wellbeing whilst living through restrictions. “There's still that gender thing where men don't feel natural opening up, talking, and it is something that is so important,” he said.  “This mental health thing what's going on as well at the moment, the pandemic really is just a sideshow to what's going on really with people's f***ing brains and the anxiety.” Speaking about his own experiences in the first few weeks of lockdown, Danny revealed he was “scared” about what might happen. The star added: “t's dark days isn't it, it is dark for all of us and I think it is affecting people's lives to another level, emotionally and financially. “I thought I was going to die, I thought my wife was going to die, my wife's diabetic. thought my kids were going to die. We all had that fear.”  Using this as inspiration to start the now hugely successful podcast in the first place, Danny’s message on mental health has remained the same. Research from Mind, a leading mental health charity in the UK explains that the pandemic and subsequent restrictions designed to prevent the spread of Covid have all had a “profound” impact on mental health. Results showed that 60 percent of adults and over two thirds of young people 68 percent admitted their mental health had gotten worse over lockdown. In addition, many without previous experience of mental health problems have experienced poor mental health during lockdown and have seen their mental health and wellbeing decline. One in six people have reported suffering from a common mental health problem such as anxiety and depression - with some individuals suffering from both at the same time.  Anxiety is what we feel when we are worried, tense or afraid – particularly about things that are about to happen, or which we think could happen in the future. Although everyone feels some degree of anxiety in their lifetime, when it starts to impact your ability to live life as fully as you want to, it may be signs of a problem. Similarly, most people tend to go through periods of feeling down, but when you're depressed you feel persistently sad for weeks or months, rather than just a few days. This can cause a variety of symptoms that affect you physically and mentally. Luckily, for both anxiety and depression there are successful treatments that will allow you to cope and live your life uninterrupted. Talking therapies, such as cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT), are often used to try and change the way you think and behave. Whereas for more severe mental health problems, medication such as antidepressants are used, which increase levels of mood-boosting chemicals in the brain called neurotransmitters. For confidential mental health support call 116 123 to talk to Samaritans, or email: jo@samaritans.org for a reply within 24 hours.Alternatively, text "SHOUT" to 85258 to contact the Shout Crisis Text Line, or text "YM" if you're under 19. 