The monarch, 95, welcomed Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for an audience at Windsor Castle on Monday. And in what is understood to be a tribute to Ukraine as Russia's invasion continues, there was a vase full of yellow and blue flowers - the colour of the country's flag - carefully arranged on a table behind them. Royal experts and eagle-eyed fans took to social media to comment on the monarch's floral display. The Mirror's royal editor Russell Myers tweeted: "Royal sources have revealed the Queen’s blue and yellow flowers arranged on the table behind her are indeed a tribute to the people of Ukraine." ITV's royal editor Chris Ship said: "The flowers behind the Queen today as she met @JustinTrudeau just happened to be of a blue and yellow colour…" Another Twitter user with the handle @Cassi0piea wrote: "The Queen does nothing by accident." A fourth person, @ItsWendish, added: "Soft diplomacy." Mr Trudeau is in the UK for talks on the war in Ukraine with his Dutch counterpart Mark Rutte and Boris Johnson. The Canadian Prime Minister is joining Mr Johnson as part of intense diplomatic efforts with foreign leaders to build a united front against Vladimir Putin. The monarch, who is also Queen of Canada, wore a patterned dress and did not carry the walking stick she has been using of late for the audience. READ MORE: Queen thanked for 'generous donation' for Ukraine war victims She smiled warmly at Mr Trudeau as he held her right hand in both of his. The Canadian Prime Minister was also seen laughing as the Queen gestured towards herself during the meeting in the Oak Room sitting room. It is the Queen's first in-person engagement since catching Covid last month. The 95-year-old tested positive for coronavirus on February 20 and has spent the last two weeks carrying out only light duties including a handful of virtual audiences. DON'T MISSDo YOU support Prince Charles' plan to 'slim down' Royal Family? [POLL]Royal Family LIVE: William issued warning by 'worried' Queen [LIVE BLOG]Queen's rare intervention in Scottish independence debate [INSIGHT] Last Tuesday, Prince Charles said his mother was "a lot better now". Later that day, the head of state was pictured holding her first virtual audience since her diagnosis. The Queen has two high-profile events coming up - the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey on March 14, and then Prince Philip's memorial service, also at the Abbey, on March 29. The nation's longest-reigning sovereign, who reached her Platinum Jubilee milestone last month, recently spent more than three months resting on doctors' orders. Last October she spent a night in hospital and was forced to pull out of a number of major engagements including the Cop26 climate change summit. The Queen now regularly uses a walking stick and has been pictured looking frailer recently. She remarked during a Windsor Castle audience last month: "Well, as you can see, I can't move." 