The person was struck between Plymouth and Penzance on Monday. All train lines running through Cornwall have been disrupted as emergency services respond to the incident. National Rail said in a statement that trains may be delayed or cancelled by up to one hour until 7pm this evening. Its website says all lines are currently closed as a result. A National Rail spokesperson said: "A person has been hit by a train between Plymouth and Penzance. As all lines are currently closed, trains may be cancelled or delayed by up to 60 minutes until approximately 19:00." There is no further word on the person's condition. The Inrix traffic and travel service said services are at a standstill on the Great Western Railway line between Plymouth and Penzance.  READ MORE ABOUT THE UK HEADING FOR 'DISASTER BEYOND IMAGINATION'   Other routes which have been affected include CrossCountry between Newcastle and Penzance as well as Great Western Railway between Cardiff Central, London Paddington and Penzance. It comes as a second person was hit by a train between Bristol Temple Meads and Taunton on the same day. CrossCountry wrote an update on its Twitter account at 4.18pm which said: "Due to the emergency services dealing with an incident between Bristol Temple Meads and Taunton, all lines are currently blocked." Its website had said train services running through those stations might be diverted via Westbury.  DON'T MISS: Boy, 14, arrested on suspicion of rape of a young girl [LATEST] Queen fights ‘haunting image’ to attend Phillip’s memorial [REVEALED] Putin humiliated as hardman Chechen special forces go home [REPORT]    Train services were then said to be back to normal, according to CrossCountry. The company posted an update on its Twitter account at 7.08pm which said: "Normal working has resumed following emergency services dealing with an earlier incident." National Rail had been warning of delays of up to one hour. A number of services were affected, including the CrossCountry between Plymouth and Leeds/Edinburgh/Glasgow Central/Aberdeen as well as the route between Penzance and Newcastle. Meanwhile, Devon and Cornwall Police are investigating a fatal road traffic collision on the A39 near Bideford. Officers were called to reports of a collision involving a silver and blue Yamaha R1 motorcycle and red BMW iX on the A39 at the junction with the B3248 near Clovelly, Bideford, at about 12.10pm on Sunday. The motorcyclist suffered fatal injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene while the driver and passenger in the BMW were uninjured. They were treated for shock, police said. Witnesses should email 101@dc.police.uk or call 101, quoting log 386 of Sunday 20 March.  