Gardening expert Monty Don has shared a warning over where to position tulip bulbs. The best time to plant tulip bulbs is from November to December. The bulbs are planted when the plant itself is dormant. Once planted in containers, tulip bulbs need to be well-watered and kept in a sheltered spot. For some gardeners that may be putting them near a fence or a house wall. However, Monty kept his inside a shed over the winter period to stop them becoming “saturated”with water. He explained: “This is the last of the tulip pots. READ MORE: Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home “I have been keeping them under cover all winter because I've learnt the hard way. “If I leave them outside all winter and it's really wet, the pots get saturated. “That's bad for the tulip bulbs because tulips like really good drainage. “And also bad for the pot because you get the compost saturated with water, and then if it freezes hard, it expands and that's what breaks the pots. DON'T MISSHow to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [INSIGHT]‘The risk is real’: Monty Don shares warning on Gardeners’ World [UPDATE]Lawn care: The ‘crucial’ mowing trick to avoid lawns diseases [ANALYSIS] “So I keep them under the cover.” Tulip bulbs can also be kept in unheated greenhouses over the winter period. Sodden containers of tulip bulbs should be moved as soon as possible and allowed to dry out. They can be returned to their original position later on once the compost has dried out. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Monty said as soon as tulip bulbs start to show new growth, they should be put outside. He added: “As soon as I start to see the new growth, bring them outside, they can get light, they can get whatever rain we have, and we should be seeing the first tulip flowering here in about a month's time.” When the weather is dry, tulips need to be kept well-watered. A lack of water can actually impact their development and could lead to a shorter flowering period. If tulips fail to flower, gardeners can feed them with tomato fertiliser. The fertiliser should boost the nutrients absorbed by the bulb and help flowers to form next year. Short-stemmed tulips are due to late planting or mild winters. Gardeners’ World can be streamed on BBC iPlayer