Holding is the charming drama that originated as a book by talk show host and comedian Graham Norton in 2019. Bringing it to life, ITV is airing a new episode every Monday until it reaches its conclusion next month. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the filming of Holding. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Holding. Holding is set in the sleepy fictional village of Duneen which comes from Norton's original novel. The plot of the dark comedy-drama revolves around Sergeant PJ Collins (played by Conleth Hill) whose job is dealing with the minor, unimportant issues of residents in the West Cork village. When he isn't ironing out these small problems, PJ is dealing with the knit-picking neighbours' ongoing complaints. This is until human remains are discovered and it is up to PJ to find out what happened. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom stars 'heartbroken' and 'exhausted' as movie wraps While the village of Duneen is fictional, the creators of Holding still used West Cork to film the Irish-set series. Discussing the importance of shooting in the country, writer Karen Cogan explained to press, including Express.co.uk: "[The settting] was so in the book from Graham through sensibility and understanding of the place, it was already there. "So it was just a case of getting there as soon as possible for us and making sure we filmed there. "And I suppose the juxtaposition of the dark and the light is also inherently Irish but also inherently Cork as well." Cogan continued: "I think it's a place of tonnes of contradictions, like it's so progressive West Cork, and cosmopolitan and global, and at the same time, quite traditional. "There are so many contradictions to the place that it really helped us cement that tone of light and dark... as soon as we got there, we were in the right place and every new location was so exciting to walk into. "The first day in the shop, I particularly got quite thrilled by. "It just lifted us up and every place we went felt like a little tick that we were in the right physical place to do this story." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street twist as Daisy Midgeley uncovers link to Sean Tully? [THEORY]Mark Charnock wife: Who is Marlon Dingle star married to? [CAST]Coronation Street legend Ken Barlow horrified over Jacob Hay's secret? [SPOILER] More specifically, filming for Holding took place in numerous West Cork villages, including Skibbereen and Castletownshend. But the majority of the scenes, including at the shop and bar, were shot in Drimoleague. Cogan explained they didn't construct the buildings for Holding, instead using the real-life structures and giving them a touch-up to fit in with the show's vibe. However, unlike Duneen, Drimoleague wasn't the "sleepy" village they were expecting. Fellow writer Dominic Treadwell-Collins added: "So we looked at a few different places and the town that we ended up using is a very busy, busy town. "We were always told traffic was going to be diverted - It's not in real life, the quiet sleepy village that everyone thinks it is. "There was a lot of rush hour traffic and because of the pandemic, lots of people came down from Dublin to holiday down in West Cork. "And at about 5pm every day when we were trying to film, there was hooting trucks - it's not quite the same." Holding airs every Monday at 9pm on ITV.