Liverpool could be forced into the transfer market before long to replace Mohamed Salah, with the Egyptian forward no closer to signing a new contract. And one player they've been linked with in the past, Karim Adeyemi, could become available again. Liverpool officials are still determined to keep hold of Premier League leading scorer Salah, but it seems their efforts are in vein. Before too long, they will have to start planning for life after the 29-year-old inevitably leaves. It had long been reported that Adeyemi could be the man to replace him in the long-term. The left-footed attacker plays either on the right or through the middle for RB Salzburg, and has bagged 15 goals in 22 Austrian Bundesliga games this season. His incredible form has earned him comparisons with Erling Haaland, who shot to fame at Salzburg, and Adeyemi has been tipped to move on before long. It appeared Adeyemi was set to join Haaland at Dortmund this summer, with reports suggesting a deal was all-but completed. However, reports in Spain suggest Dortmund are running out of time to complete a deal for the German wonderkid. AS claims Dortmund have until Easter to stump up the money, or Salzburg will start to look elsewhere. That could open the door to Liverpool, who pulled a similar trick in January with the signing of Luis Diaz. Liverpool only decided to sign Diaz in January after learning of Tottenham's reluctance to meet his asking price. German outlet Bild claims Adeyemi still wants to join Dortmund, but that the Bundesliga side are reluctant to stump up the asking price immediately. Salzburg apparently want £38m from any interested side to part ways with the 20-year-old, who has been inspired by the thought he could fill the void left by Haaland, who looks set to depart this summer. The report goes on to state that Dortmund have contacted Chelsea forward Timo Werner in the event that they're unable to convince Salzburg to sell Adeyemi. Werner has endured a torrid spell at Stamford Bridge since his summer 2020 move, and has been tipped to depart before long in an attempt to re-start his career.