Bayern Munich have been urged to speed up contract negotiations with Robert Lewandowski amid increasing interest from Manchester United. Lewandowski's Bayern future is up in the air, and the Red Devils are eyeing attacking reinforcements ahead of next season. The 33-year-old is showing no signs of slowing down his goalscoring exploits, netting a 10-minute hat-trick in Tuesday's Champions League rout against RB Salzburg. His treble helped him reach the 40-goal mark in all competitions for the seventh successive season, and he continues to cement himself as one of the generation's greatest attackers. But Lewandowski's contract at the Allianz Arena expires in 2023, and there has been little talk of him extending terms with Bayern. Now, the Bundesliga champions have been told to put their foot down in talks over a new deal, with United sniffing around their star man. JUST IN: Sir Alex Ferguson accused of 'pointless' advice During the latest edition of 'Stammplatz', BILD's daily football podcast, reporter Heiko Niedderer suggested Bayern should urgently tie Lewandowski down to a new deal. He said: "The bosses should now quickly get down to business and extend the contract quickly." BILD add that the Poland international wants clarity over his future before the summer and is surprised that he hasn't already been approached over extending his stay in Bavaria. And the report claims Bayern must 'hurry up' because United are ready to make the first offer for Lewandowski if he decides to pursue a new challenge. READ MORE: Neville's 'shut people up' prediction proved right after Ronaldo claim The Red Devils are expected to sign at least one new striker this summer amid uncertainty over several current stars in Ralf Rangnick's squad. Edinson Cavani is out of contract in June, whilst Mason Greenwood's future is up in the air following his suspension at the start of February. Cristiano Ronaldo's status beyond this summer has also come under questioning after Rangnick seemingly excluded him from Sunday's Manchester derby for tactical reasons. And with United increasingly unlikely to have Champions League football to offer next season, Ronaldo may look to jump ship. Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford aren't certainties either, with the Frenchman currently on loan at Sevilla after falling out of favour under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Rashford is enduring a dire run of form, and reports earlier this week claimed he was considering his future at Old Trafford. United will likely target a young striker to spearhead the attack at the start of a new era in M16. But signing arguably Europe's greatest players over the last few seasons on a cut-price deal would be an opportunity too enticing to ignore. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.