It's now almost a month since Vladimir Putin gave the go-ahead for Russia's invasion of Ukraine on February 24 following several weeks of his troops lining the border with its neighbour. Russian missiles have rained down on several cities throughout Ukraine, triggering huge explosions and, in some cases, taking the lives of hundreds of innocent civilians. On Saturday, the Office of the UN's human rights office said it had recorded the deaths of 847 civilians in Ukraine since February 24, as well as the injuries of 1,399 civilians, but "believes that the actual figures are considerably higher". Millions of terrified Ukrainians have fled the country in fear of the brutal Putin regime, seeking refuge in several countries throughout Europe, who are rushing to take them in. The world has been sent a chilling warning, with an "increasingly deranged and deluded" Putin possibly following his invasion of Ukraine with "occupation and quite likely ethnic cleansing, as well as mass killing". But Nile Gardiner, a foreign policy expert and former aide to Margaret Thatcher, has warned Putin could be preparing the terrifying step of setting up "concentration camps, inflicting horrific, horrendous suffering on the Ukrainian people". He told Express.co.uk: "Putin poses a huge threat to the freedom of the world today. This invasion is an act of barbarism and complete madness. "Putin looks increasingly deranged and unhinged. "These are extraordinarily dangerous times and I'm very concerned about what comes next." Mr Gardiner warned: "Putin will follow the invasion with occupation and quite likely ethnic cleansing in Ukraine, as well as mass killing. "We should be prepared for the possibility of Putin setting up concentration camps, and inflicting horrific, horrendous suffering on the Ukrainian people. READ MORE: Bodies of 2,500 Russians transported to Belarus in secret "He is capable of genocide - he doesn't care at all about human life. "We are looking at savagery and barbarism on an epic scale with Putin, so we cannot underestimate what is happening and what might happen." On Wednesday evening, US President Joe Biden launched an extraordinary attack against Putin, branding him a "war criminal". This prompted a furious response from the Kremlin, who warned the comment was "unforgivable" as the war in Ukraine intensified further despite talk of compromise in peace negotiations. DON'T MISSPOLL: Was Boris right to say Britain ‘wanted to be free’? [POLL]UK to launch first power station in SPACE [REPORT]EU diplomat: Brexit Britain 'made the difference' in Ukraine's war [COMMENTS] Putin said Moscow was ready to discuss neutral status for Ukraine but said what he called a "special military operation" to "demilitarize and denazify" its neighbour was "going to plan". Russian forces have continued their attacks on besieged cities, including intensified shelling of the capital Kyiv. Biden announced the US is offering an additional $800 million in security assistance to Ukraine in its bitter fight against Russia, with the new package including drones and anti-armour systems. He said: "More will be coming as we source additional stocks of equipment that we are ready to transfer." But the US President later condemned Putin, raging: "He is a war criminal." Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov warned the comment from Mr Biden was "unacceptable and unforgivable rhetoric", according to Tass news agency in Russia.