Gloucestershire Police officers were called to an address in Cheltenham around 6.25am on March 2 where they found a body of a man, later identified as Clive Warrington. The body of his ex-wife, Valerie Warrington, was then found at an address in Bourton-on-the-Water, in the Cotswolds. A man from Cheltenham has been arrested on suspicion of the murders and is police custody. A Gloucestershire Constabulary spokesperson said: "The Major Crime Investigation Team is in the early stages of an investigation and officers are appealing for any witnesses or anyone with information to make contact with police. "Those involved in the incident are known to each other and officers are not currently seeking anyone else in connection. "Investigating officers are also keen to hear from anyone who may have dashcam or CCTV footage that could be relevant to the investigation." In a statement, the force said: "Detectives have launched a murder investigation following the death of two people. "A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and is in police custody. "Police were called to Sherborne Place in Cheltenham at around 6.25am today (Wednesday 2 March) where the body of a man was found. "An investigation was launched and the body of a woman was also later located at an address in Bourton-on-the-Water in the Cotswolds." Supt Roddy Gosden, of Gloucestershire Police, said the man was known to the victims and they were not currently looking for anyone else. He appealed for anyone with information to come forward. He said: "Family members have been informed and our thoughts go out to them at this devastating time. "This has been a challenging situation and we will be providing support to officers and all those who have been impacted by these incidents. "Understandably people will be shocked to hear that two lives have been lost in such a tragic way." He continued: "Following concerns for the welfare of a second person, officers visited a property in Whiteshoots Hill in Bourton-on-the-Water where they discovered the body of a woman in her 70s who had also suffered stab wounds. "A man from Cheltenham has been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with both deaths, which have been linked by detectives. "The suspect was arrested near to the scene at Cheltenham. "The victims were known to him and officers are not currently looking for anyone else in connection with the ongoing investigation. "Family members have been informed and our thoughts go out to them at this devastating time. they are now receiving support from specially trained officers." A neighbour of the man found in Cheltenham said he was "devastated" to hear of his death. He said: "I'm devastated - the man who died has been my best friend for the last ten years." According to the BBC, cordons are expected to remain in place for a number of days.