A Ukrainian soldier told CBS News reporters just how grateful he was for the weapons he had received from the UK. NATO countries have been coming together to help Ukrainians since Russian troops crossed into Ukraine just a few weeks ago. The UK has sent a number of top of the range weapons as well as the US. NATO troops have also been training Ukrainian soldiers, and teaching them how to use the equipment. The Ukrainian soldier said: "This one was shot from this beautiful thing. "And I want to say a big thank you to our British comrades helping us. The Ukrainian soldier said whilst holding up a top of the range NLAW anti-tank weapon. The weapon was made to destroy even the most sophisticated military tanks. JUST IN: Putin braces for coup as 'disgruntled' top Russian generals turn on Kremlin chief Although support from the West has been offered to Ukraine, fears of Russia deploying chemical and nuclear weapons are still strong. Speaking on the possibility of Russia possibly escalating, Poland’s President Andrzej Duda said: "Of course, everybody hopes he will not dare do that, that he will not use weapons of mass destruction nor chemical weapons nor biological weapons nor any form of nuclear weapons. "Everybody's hoping this is not going to happen. "But as we say in Poland, using a little English expression, if he uses any weapon of mass destruction, this will be a game-changer in the whole thing.”  READ MORE: Prince Harry was 'fighting back tears' after Commonwealth Day snub claim     Former Lieutenant Colonel Grant has been warning that Western weapons could change the outcome of the war, as Russia could begin to fall short. Mr Grant added: “I don't think Russia quite understands the trouble it's in. "I think they will double down and become more brutal and more nasty. “But having said that, the quality of the soldiers is not going to improve on the Russian side. "Brutality doesn't make them any better soldiers. "The more missile weapons that can be given to the Ukrainians the greater the chances that the conflict will be over more quickly.” 