  Comedian Jason Manford has slammed Boris Johnson for his “shameless tweet” following the news that Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe would finally be released home to the UK. The Prime Minister has been highly criticised for his own failings in the case of Nazanin, who was placed under arrest in Iran back in 2016.     Jason, 40, replied to a tweet from the Prime Minister, 57, following Nazanin’s release. Today Boris wrote to his 4.1 million followers: “I am very pleased to confirm that the unfair detention of Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe and Anoosheh Ashoori in Iran has ended today, and they will now return to the UK. “The UK has worked intensively to secure their release and I am delighted they will be reunited with their families and loved ones.” In view of his 411,400 Twitter followers Jason responded: “And the award for most shameless tweet of the year goes to…” READ MORE: Mark Labbett says The Chase USA dropped him for 'no reason'       Boris has previously come under fire for making things worse for Nazanin during her time in incarceration by falsely claiming in 2017 that she was teaching journalism in Iran - risking landing further charges against her. Her employer, the Thomson Reuters Foundation, said she was simply visiting her family and Sir Patrick McLoughlin, the chairman of Mr Hunt’s campaign, said Mr Johnson’s language had “not helped” Ms Zaghari-Ratcliffe’s case. Many people took to the comments section to share in Jason’s outrage over the Prime Minister’s recent tweet. Actress Sally Lindsay wrote: “The absolute brass neck of it”.     To which Jason replied: “Incredible! After he was ‘in charge’ whilst Home Secretary! 100% ****hole.” Sue Taylor wrote: “I’d have preferred it if he’d just been silent! No one wants to hear his PR rubbish. “If he apologised to her face to face in front of the cameras, I might give him some credit!!” “From the man who probably got her locked up longer,” added Justine. READ MORE... Chris Packham on family concern and upped security since fire attack [NEWS] Phillip Schofield and Ruth Langsford's 'awkward' tension seen by fans [LATEST] 'Can't wait!' The Repair Shop's Will Kirk teases move away from show [INSIGHT]       Lisa Griffiths earned a laughing emoji from the performer with her comment: “I think you spelt tweet wrong mr Manford #b***end #embarrassing #BorisJohnsonOut. British-Iranian nationals Nazanin and another former detainee Anoosheh Ashoori are on their way home to the UK after years in Iranian prisons. Confirming the news to MPs today, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss told the House of Commons: "They are on their way home. They will land in the UK later today, and they will be reunited with their families." It was later revealed the pair had already touched down in Oman, from where they were expected to board a flight to the UK.      Oman's foreign minister, Badr Albusaidi, tweeted a picture of Nazanin and Anoosheh arriving in his country, posting: "Soon they will be with their loved ones at home." Nazanin was arrested in 2016 on charges of plotting to overthrow the Iranian government, which she denies, while Anoosheh was arrested in Iran in 2017 while visiting his mother. Aside from bringing the pair home, the foreign secretary confirmed the UK has also "settled" a £400m debt the UK has owed to Iran for more than 40 years - with the stipulation that the money can only be used for humanitarian purposes. The debt related to contacts signed with Iran's defence ministry in the 1970s, but which were left unfulfilled following the country's revolution.   