According to local media, troops are looking for Ukrainian ammunition so that when injured, they can go to local hospitals without it looking like a self-inflicted wound. In one conversation between soldiers, intercepted by Belarusian media source NEXTA, a Russian soldier revealed that even officers were shooting themselves in the leg.  He said: "They've been shooting at us for 14 days. We're scared. "We're stealing food, breaking into houses. We're killing civilians. "Russian officers shoot themselves in the legs to go home. There are corpses everywhere." Another Russian said troops are "looking for Ukrainian ammunition in order to shoot themselves in the legs and go to hospital"  The reports come as it is believed morale among Russian troops has hit rock-bottom after the invasion of Ukraine appears to have stalled in the face of fierce resistance. It's thought that harsh punishments are meted out to troops who desert when they return to Russia. Some troops are also very unhappy with the atrocities they are being asked to carry out, including attacks on hospitals. One reconnaissance officer, Vladimir, told an international media briefing this week that troops might "rise up" against Putin.  READ MORE: Russia EXODUS as flurry of private jets leave Moscow for Dubai  He said: "I want to tell our commander-in-chief to stop terror acts in Ukraine because when we come back we'll rise against him." Another officer at the same event addressed Putin directly. He said: "You won't hide this for long. There are many like us here. Sooner or later, we'll come home." One Russian fighter pilot, Maxim, told CNN he couldn't justify the deaths of civilians. DON'T MISS:  ‘Paranoid' Putin 'holding back' full Russian army in 'fear'  [REVEAL]Ukraine war LIVE: Russian paratroopers facing massacre [INSIGHT] Putin turmoil as Russian soldiers 'refuse to come home' [SPOTLIGHT]  He said: "I don't know, what can justify, f***, the tears of a child, or even worse, the deaths of innocent people, children." (sic) CNN also reported another soldier saying that Putin had given orders to "commit crimes". He said: "Russian President Vladimir Putin has given orders to commit crimes. "It's not just to demilitarise Ukraine or defeat the Armed Forces of Ukraine, but now cities of peaceful civilians are being destroyed. "The crimes that we committed; we all will be judged." 