Gogglebox star Ellie Warner's boyfriend Nat Eddleston is said to be fighting for his life after being hit by a car yesterday. The boyfriend of the Channel 4 star is reportedly in intensive care on a life support machine following the incident. It has been reported Nat has a broken neck and collapsed lungs. The incident is said to have occurred in the couple's home city of Leeds just after midnight yesterday. The Sun reported a family member told how they are all concerned for him. A family member told the publication: “Nat is in intensive care with a broken neck, broken back, two collapsed lungs and possible brain damage. READ MORE: Gogglebox's Sophie reacts as Pete's family member takes her seat "He is on a life support machine and all the family and Ellie are obviously very worried for him.” Ellie, 31, is reportedly now "worried" her beau could suffer from brain damage after the incident. Nat is said to have been out in Halton with his friends at a pub for the evening. He was reportedly hit by a white SEAT just after midnight. The car is said to have sustained a dented roof and smashed windscreen in the accident and continued for nearly 100 yards before eventually stopping. Ellie has starred on the hit Channel 4 show for the past seven years. She has featured alongside her sister Izzi Warner. Nat has recently moved in with her. DON'T MISS... Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [INSIGHT]Cher demands 'people step up' as she offers her home to refugees [ANALYSIS]Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [UPDATE] Last month, Ellie penned a humorous Valentine's Day post to her beau, writing: "Happy Valentine’s Day to my one true loves." The snap featured Nat and a slither of kebab meat Ellie was dangling in front of the camera. Last December, Ellie sparked a frenzy amongst her fans while confusing them as she shared what seemed to be an engagement post. Sharing a snap of herself at the Natural History Museum, Ellie gazed down at a huge precious gemstone. She wrote: "Picked the stone for my ring Nat! Better get saving," followed by laughing emojis. Her Gogglebox co-star Pete Sandiford replied: "I don't think it's big enough." Express.co.uk has contacted representatives of Ellie Warner for comment.