Health Secretary Sajid Javid has clashed with Kay Burley on Sky News over the speed at which the UK Government has taken action to help refugees from Ukraine. In total, more than 2.7 million refugees have fled Ukraine since shortly before Vladimir Putin's troops invaded in late February. Mr Javid told Sky News: "I think it's been a difficult process in responding to this we were actually one of the first countries to offer humanitarian support over 400 million pounds of support so far. "I think more bilaterally than any other country. "We've offered...we've talked about the weapons and the military support for my part in my department, as well as what we've just talked about that helping these children. "We've already sent seven flights of vital medicines, medical equipment, medical supplies, I think I've got another one leaving today which are more in terms of medical supplies than any country." JUST IN:Brexit LIVE: Truss ‘100 percent prepared’ to trigger Article 16 He added: "We do have a very proud record of offering sanctuary to people fleeing conflict and war, with 1000s of Syrians and Afghans that have been resettled. with the support for over 100,000 Hong Kong nationals that have applied under the scheme, the Prime Minister set out last year. "And then again with Ukraine, we will absolutely play our part and absolutely play our part and make sure we are giving refuge to those who need it." "Could have happened quicker," pressed Ms Burley. "Well, it's happening," replied Mr Javid  Mr Javid has said the Ukraine Family Scheme for refugees was "being made easier and more straightforward" from Tuesday. The Health Secretary told Times Radio the latest information from Saturday revealed "just over 3,000" visas had been granted through the programme". But he said: "As well as that particular scheme, the extended family scheme being made easier and more straightforward by our online-only process from tomorrow, there's the new homes for Ukrainian families scheme, which will also go live later this week." Mr Javid said there would be a "basic level of security checks" in both schemes, and he said: "I think that is right because you want to get the right balance between sort of speed and the people that we're trying to help are in a desperate situation, and you want to bring that help as quickly as possible, but also do some basic checks and I think what we have done here is the right balance." DON'T MISS: Dementia: The troubling toilet sign that could precede brain decline [REVEALED] Prince William's anger after leaked photo: 'Worried for Kate' [LATEST] Putin TRAP exposed: Russian olive branch to Ukraine [REPORT] The Health Secretary said he was considering whether he was able to host Ukrainian refugees in his home. Sajid Javid told BBC Breakfast: "I'm starting to have a conversation with my wife on that and I think many households - as you say, and I'm pleased you brought this up - are probably thinking about this across the country. "It's important that anyone that becomes a host that they can fulfil the obligations of a host, that they can spend time with these families and help, but there are many ways that we can all help and whatever I do at a personal level. "I will most certainly be helping."