Ms von der Leyen’s comments are a huge blow to Ukraine which called on Brussels to place an immediate embargo on Russian oil and gas due to the ongoing invasion. However, Ms von der Leyen said the agreement to phase out dependency on Kremlin supplies by 2027 was needed to secure “reliable, secure and affordable” energy supplies to the bloc.  Although the timescale is three years earlier than what was originally proposed, it is well short of what was demanded by Kyiv. The Ukrainian government has argued that Russia is financing its invasion with money from energy exports. Ms von der Leyen said the proposals will be outlined by the end of May. In a statement on Twitter, the President of the European Commission said: “By end of May we will propose to phase out our dependency on Russian gas, oil and coal by 2027.  “It will be backed by the necessary national and European resources. “And we’ll present options to optimise the electricity market design, so it better supports the green transition.” Additional measures for reducing the impact of higher energy bills for consumers will be presented by the end of the month. The US has put an embargo on Russian oil and gas and the UK has viewed to end all purchases by the end of the year. READ MORE: 'NATO strongest alliance' VDL caves she hints EU Army plans shelved However, the EU has baulked at such measures because more than a quarter of oil imports and 40 percent of gas imports come from Russia. Critics have argued that this is a weak point compared to the tough sanctions placed on the country by Brussels, Washington and London. Russia has been blocked from international payment systems, excluded from debt markets and banned from accessing currency reserves. EU reluctance to impose restrictions on Russian energy helped calm the market on Friday as it became clear an immediate alternative source would not need to be sought. DON'T MISS:  Pakistan on brink as Imran Khan breaks with army with brutal jibe [REVEAL] Putin warned he could be ousted from power: 'Had enough!' [INSIGHT] Putin may be battling ravaging disease, ex-MI6 boss says [SPOTLIGHT] Moscow has also indicated that it will continue to sell oil and gas to the EU as well as honouring all contractual obligations with pipelines flowing through Ukraine despite the conflict. Hungarian Prime Minister Victor Orban whose country receives the majority of its oil and gas from Russia said on Facebook that proposals had been settled in a “favourable way”. Olaf Scholz, the German Chancellor, admitted that energy supplies “cannot be secured in any other way at the moment”. Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte admitted that EU dependence on Russian energy supplies was an “uncomfortable truth". As the threat of an imminent EU embargo receded, Brent crude traded at around $110 a barrel, up from Thursday but far below the high of $130.50 on Tuesday, the biggest drop in oil prices since last November. The EU natural gas price was around €127 per megawatt-hour after hitting a record of €345 at the start of the week before an embargo was ruled out by Brussels.  