 The ninth instalment of A Perfect Morecambe and Wise will be broadcast on BBC Two at 8:05pm this evening. The programme has collated a collection of the very best songs, sketches and comedy routines from the double act. In tonight’s episode Eric and Ernie travel back to ancient Egypt alongside Glenda Jackson and give their take on the story of Antony and Cleopatra. The pair will also perform Moonlight Bay alongside The Beatles just as the Liverpool band had broken onto the world stage. Eric and Ernie are two of the most loved performers the UK has produced, with their television show having been ranked 14th in a British Film Institute list of the 100 Greatest British TV Programmes. Graham McCann, who wrote a book on the duo, once described them as “the most illustrious and the best-loved double act that Britain has ever produced.” Yet despite the pair’s great success, behind the scenes, Eric and Ernie’s wives are thought not to have seen eye-to-eye. Read More: The Holiday viewers baffled after they spot 'odd' plot hole  When Ernie married dancer Doreen Blythe and Eric wedded beauty queen Joan Bartlett it brought fresh problems to their dynamic. Speaking to Louis Barfe for his 2021 book Sunshine and Laughter: The Story of Morecambe and Wise, ventriloquist John Bouchier shed light on the situation. Mr Bouchier, who toured extensively with Eric and Ernie in the Seventies, said: “The boys never socialised because their wives didn’t get on. “Ernie’s wife thought that he was the star and that Eric couldn’t manage without him and so consequently, although they were eclectic on stage, they never mixed.”  Eric and Joan were quick to start a family, with their first child Gail arriving ten months after the couple’s wedding. Ernie never had children, and Doreen explained in 1999 upon her husband’s death that it had been a question of fidelity. She believed if she travelled with Ernie and their sex life continued as normal, the comic would not be tempted by other people. Doreen, who passed away in 2018, also opened up about Ernie and Eric’s relationship in a throwback interview Don't Miss:Ernie Wise's wife's brutal take on Eric Morecambe: ‘Got in way'[OPINION]Eric Morecambe’s anxieties laid bare by widow[INSIGHT]Eric Morecambe told to ditch ‘weak’ Ernie Wise by BBC[ANALYSIS]  When asked about her memories of Eric by the Daily Mail in 2009, she said: “He was always in the way. “Until Ernie came along, his mother had always looked after him. “But she must have thought: ‘Oh this is a good, reliable sort of fellow. I can have a bit of peace’ “So Ernie got the job of looking after him”.  She continued: “We never could get rid of him. “I used to joke that we’d have to find a girl for Eric, otherwise we’d be lumbered with him forever.” Doreen also noted how her and Eric shared the same birthday, adding: “That made it very easy for Ernie. “I was always safe in the knowledge that Ernie was never likely to forget my birthday because Ernie would always be reminding him of his.”  In 1976 both Eric and Ernie were awarded an OBE and in 1999 they were posthumously awarded the BAFTA fellowship. Sunshine and Laugher: The Story of Morecambe and Wise is by Louis Barfe and published by Apollo. You can find it here. A Perfect Morecambe and Wise airs on BBC Two at 8:05pm.