Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall has been open about her disapproval of veganism in the past. This openly contradicts her husband Prince Charles who goes dairy and meat-free twice a week. Sarah Campus, a personal trainer and nutrition coach who founded LDN Mums Fitness, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to discuss Camilla’s diet.  She said: “The Duchess of Cornwall leads a very healthy lifestyle with her husband Prince Charles. “Camilla particularly enjoys eating hearty meals using fresh produce, a lot actually which is produced on their estate. “At the age of 74 Camilla’s complexion is glowing and a lot of this is down to what she consumes being so organic, colourful and varied. “In terms of their nutrition however Camilla is a huge fan of eggs, particularly scrambled which are from Prince Charles’s own chickens in Highgrove.  READ MORE: Royal Family steps out for ‘relaxed’ major event - no Meghan and Harry “For lunch, Camilla aims to include as many good fats as possible from sources such as avocados, fish and almonds, all of which again contribute to her glowing complexion. “Camilla believes in a balanced diet without restrictions and doesn’t believe in any of the fad diets. “She feels that cutting out dairy, for example, is ridiculous as it's such an important source of calcium for joints and bones. “For dinner time Camilla particularly enjoys lamb and any leftovers she would use for a meal the following day, such as in a shepherd's pie.  “She also likes chicken casseroles, steaks, baked salmon and roast chicken. Even though Prince Charles believes in veganism she believes that balance is very important. “In terms of snacking Camilla particularly likes raw peas straight from the pod, but also will happily accept something sweet.” Sarah added: “Camilla particularly enjoys yoga and Pilates to keep her core strong and body supple and to help avoid back pain.  “She incorporates deep breathing into her exercises to help her unwind and relax. Camilla is also a big fan of the outdoors, so thrives on walking with her dogs around her estate, and spending time in the hills. “The fresh air and outdoors particularly contribute to improved sleep quality, overall wellbeing and boosting the endorphins.” How does the Duchess maintain her great figure at 74? Sarah added: “Camilla leads a healthy, active lifestyle and is consistent with it.  “She is balanced with her eating without restrictions and eats organic quality foods. “She gets quality sleep and enjoys the outdoors. “She also has an exercise watch, Fitbit, which helps her track her activity levels. “It is also thought that Camilla may use a collagen supplement as well such as Correxiko - a premium marine-based collagen which is shown to be beneficial for healthy joints, skin and anti-ageing.” 