The good news comes as one of Britain’s busiest secondary airports seeks to recruit new staff as travel begins to pick up following the impact of the COVID-19 virus. Furthermore, a victim of the pandemic has risen from the ashes and relaunched new flights within the UK and across Europe.  Luton Airport has advertised 400 new jobs across the board as the Government announces an end to Covid restrictions. Multiple roles are being offered in security, firefighting, hospitality and retail staff. Other jobs will see new staff come aboard the “Direct Air-Rail Transit” also known as DART. The transport service will link the airport with the nearby Luton Airport Parkway station.  Alberto Martin, CEO of LLA, said: “We are confident demand for air travel is returning given the busy half term period, and will only increase further with the relaxation of the final travel restrictions at the end of this week. “Though reaching our pre-pandemic figures will be tough, flying to the UK is now as easy as it was before, removing a key barrier to booking for many passengers. “Hiring key staff will be essential to accommodate this anticipated uplift, and we look forward to recruiting ahead of what we know will be a busy summer season.” The airport presented encouraging figures for February 2022 which saw over 600,000 passengers pass through to the airport.  READ MORE:Family cancel second holiday over Covid rule Adding to the news, previously defunct British airline Flybe is also once again taking to the skies. Formerly headquartered in Exeter, the regional carrier will now be based in hubs in Birmingham and Belfast. The low-cost carrier will operate across 16 airports in the UK and Northern Europe. The first route to commence will be a four-times-daily Belfast City to Birmingham route with Belfast City to Glasgow launching a day later. The airline has a new UK issued Air Operators Certificate (AOC), the first to be issued since Brexit, and will operate a fleet of leased Bombardier Dash 8 turboprops, two of which have already been delivered. Other routes will include Birmingham to Amsterdam, Southampton to Toulon, and Belfast to Edinburgh.  DON'T MISS:New police officers 'feel sick' on blue lights [INSIGHT]‘Zero tolerance’ approach to drivers using phones [REVEAL]UK troops graves daubed with Russian Z symbol [REPORT] According to the job advertisements, Flybe is offering permanent cabin crew contracts to “people who love aviation and are passionate about exceeding customer expectations.” The airline is only looking for experienced crew stating applicants should have a current cabin crew attestation. No salary is mentioned in the advert but it says applications will close on 31st March, or earlier if enough applications are received. A statement on Flybe’s new website says: “We will commence operations in early 2022 with frequent, convenient, and great value flights that connect our customers to the people and experiences that really matter. “We are dedicated to the highest standards of safety, passionate about excellent customer service and will always go the extra mile to make your journey the best it can be. “Our environmental impact is something we take very seriously and we aim to make every step of your journey as sustainable as possible.”  However, some aviation analysts say Flybe may struggle to make the new routes financially viable. Ahead of the routes being revealed, Ralph Anker, editor of The Anker Report and an expert on route networks, said: “It is not obvious where it would find a niche in the UK market.” Furthermore, airline schedule analyst Sean Moulton says that all but one of Flybe’s planned dozen routes from Belfast City is currently served from the airport or its rival Belfast International. He said: “Only Belfast City to East Midlands is completely unserved.” Besides other carriers, Flybe also faces strong competition from rail, road and ferries, especially on London-Leeds and from Birmingham to Edinburgh and Glasgow routes. Its possible advantage is the Government’s decision to incentivise flying over terrestrial transport with its plan to halve Air Passenger Duty for domestic flights next year. Even so, it is difficult to see how Flybe 2.0 will turn a loss-per-passenger of well over £10, as experienced in 2019, into a profit when pretty much every other parameter is less favourable. Express.co.uk has contacted Flybe for comment. 