Ukraine will ask the United Nations' court to issue an emergency ruling on Monday. The move would require Russia to halt its invasion of Ukraine and would mean Moscow's interpretation of events followed a faulty interpretation of the law. The Kremlin had claimed Russia launched a "special military operation", which was needed to "protect people who have been subjected to bullying and genocide". Vladimir Putin made a similar allegation during a meeting with German Chancellor Olaf Scholz. He said: "If I may: in our view, what is happening in the Donbas today is genocide." However, Kyiv's case rejects accusations of genocide and in any case claims there is no legal justification to invade Ukraine. JUST IN: Russian whistleblower warns Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine will be a 'total failure' The case will go to the International Court of Justice (ICJ) and it centres on a treaty signed in 1948. Both Ukraine and Russia were signatories to the 74-year-old treaty. Ukraine's case received a boost last week after the executive board of the International Association of Genocide Scholars said Russian President Putin was "misappropriating and misusing the term 'genocide'". The association's president, Melanie O'Brien, told Reuters: "There is absolutely no evidence that there is genocide going on in Ukraine." READ MORE: Donald Trump tells donors US should 'bomb the s**t' out of Russia and blame it on China The ICJ can introduce "provisional measures" in an attempt to prevent a situation whereby worsening relations could follow. The hearing will start at 9am when Ukraine will present its case. Russia is due to respond on Tuesday. Despite the legal case, the UK Ministry of Defence has released an update on Russia's invasion of Ukraine. DON'T MISS:Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin now seizes Russian bank accounts [LIVE]'We have a nuclear deterrent' Navy chief blasts back at 'ridiculous' [REVEALED]Putin’s nightmare: Kremlin faces fight to conceal truth about Ukraine [INSIGHT] They said: "Russian forces probably made minimal ground advances over the weekend. "It is highly unlikely that Russia has successfully achieved its planned objectives to date." "Over the past 24 hours, a high level of Russian air and artillery strikes have continued to hit military and civilian sites in Ukrainian cities. "Recent strikes have targeted Kharkiv, Mykolaiv and Chernihiv, and been particularly heavy in Mariupol."