Rebel Wilson hosted the 2022 BAFTAs on BBC One and she is known for her dry sense of humour on the stage. Before introducing the nominations for the film category this year, she made a joke about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's infamous interview with Oprah Winfrey.  She said: "From drama, to horror, to fantasy... Harry and Meghan's interview with Oprah had it all." The comedian was met with some awkward laughs and cringing looks from the audience. She went on to joke about how unfortunately the interview did not fall into such a category. Her jibe came after she once again mocked Prince Andrew during one of her speeches. READ MORE: Rebel Wilson makes Prince Andrew Pizza Express jibe during BAFTAs She said: "I was going to do a musical number as host; it was about Prince Andrew. “It was on rollerskates, it was called Pizza Express but don’t worry, I’m not going to do it, I’m not going to sing. “I’m saving my voice for the sequel to Cats." Later on in the ceremony, Prince William issued a pre-recorded message to viewers as he was unable to attend the Royal Albert Hall in person. He said: "As president of Bafta I’m extremely proud to see the work that Bafta undertakes year-round to provide opportunities and support for talented people to develop successful careers in film, games and television.  "One of these programmes is Breakthrough; a year-long mentoring and guidance initiative which helps people achieve their true potential. “It’s wonderful that there are more than 30 participants from Breakthrough UK in the audience this evening. “Two of them, Aleem Khan and Jessie Buckley, are nominated for awards tonight. They join an impressive list of young talent, including Bukky Bakray and Florence Pugh, as well as Paapa Essiedu and Ray Panthaki, who are closely involved with Bafta-nominated films. “Bafta hopes to inspire and support future generations from all walks of life to become filmmakers of the future and I hope that for some of those watching these awards that journey starts today. “Congratulations to all the nominees and winners and I wish you all a wonderful evening.” DON'T MISS... AJ Odudu puts on jaw-dropping display in sheer dress at BAFTAs 2022 [PHOTOS] Aled Jones says BAFTA-nominated daughter Emilia is ‘too busy’ for him [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle’s snub of BAFTAs after charity trip: ‘My gut said no’ [DISCUSSION] Viewers had much to say about Rebel Wilson's jibes at the Royal Family this year. Rebel's comments come after Prince Harry and Meghan Markle sat down with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021. The candid interview was met with backlash and scepticism from many viewers. During the chat, the couple spoke about their relationships with other royals and how their experiences had impacted their mental health. BAFTA viewers had mixed opinions on Rebel's presenting of the 2022 awards ceremony and they took to Twitter to share their thoughts.  