Deltacron is a new variant of concern which is a recombinant variation of both Omicron and Delta. Some experts fear the new hybrid variant could cause severe illness like Delta, while also spreading as quickly as Omicron. Eric Topol, an American cardiologist and scientist, tweeted a graph that showed cases rising in many European countries. Along with the graph by Our World in Data, he warned: "The next wave in Europe has begun". Later, he tweeted another graph showing weekly new hospital admissions for Covid per million population. He wrote: "Among countries that make their data available, some show rising hospital admissions."  Earlier this week, Gisaid, a global community of scientists that shares virus information, announced that the first Deltacron variant had been identified in several regions in France. In a briefing on March 9, the World Health Organisation (WHO) said the strain had also been found in the Netherlands and Denmark. Cases have also been reported in the US, and as of Friday around 30 cases had been identified in the UK, according to UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA). However, scientists stress that there is strong immunity in the population against both variants so the danger of it posing a threat to vaccines appears minimal. READ MORE: Fatty liver disease: The changes to your personality - symptoms William Lee, chief science officer at Helix, a lab in California that sequences Covid-19 samples, said that "it’s probably not going to elevate to a variant-of-concern level". Meanwhile, research shows a subvariant of an Omicron strain of the virus, known as BA.2, is likely to be the dominant strain in England very soon. A study of 94,000 people between February 8 and March 1 revealed that the Omicron sublineage BA.2 was found in 47 percent of cases in England - with nearly 45 percent in London. It is expected to overtake its parent strain at some point this month and is likely the reason for the recent rise in cases in the UK. DON'T MISS: The 2 clear signs that Vladimir Putin is suffering with ill health [INSIGHT]Supplements warning: Vitamin B6 could cause irreversible nerve damage [COMMENT]Free prescriptions: Britons plea for support to be extended [ANALYSIS]  Which, as of Friday, was 399, 820 up 56.3 percent from the previous seven-day period, and the highest daily figure since early February. But despite the increase in cases, BA.2 is not believed to be behind the rising hospital admissions as it is no more severe than the original Omicron strain. The latest figures from the Office for National Statistics, based on random swabs from households, revealed that as many as 2,073,900 people in England had Covid in the week ending March 5. This equates to about one in 25 people. But the rising hospital rates are not believed to be caused by the BA.2 or Deltacron variant but caused by waning immunity from the booster shot, particularly among older people who received their top-up dose six months ago. 