Series 11 of Death in Paradise may have come to an end, but that hasn’t stopped fans thinking about the upcoming storyline. Since DCI Neville Parker (played by Ralf Little) made his debut in series nine, viewers have been eagerly waiting for him to find his perfect match. The latest instalment of the BBC cop drama saw Neville and the team investigating the murder of a chess player. Although, while at the crime scene, Commissioner Selwyn Patterson (Don Warrington) also got a blast from the past when he got a visit from journalist Maggie Harper (Orla Brady). Towards the end of the episode, Maggie confessed to Selwyn they had a daughter together.   "Us sleeping together I didn't expect that," Maggie began. "I was hoping you'd remember how you felt about me once. How you used to love me because I was so scared, you'd hate me."   "Why would I hate you?" Selwyn asked before Maggie replied: "Andrina, my daughter that's her."   READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue?   Selwyn later confided in Catherine, (Élizabeth Bourgine) admitting to her that he had a daughter. Following the episode, fans have taken to social media and Reddit to share their theories about what could happen in series 12. Many seem to think Selwyn’s daughter will arrive in Saint Marie to get to know her father better. If Andrina ends up staying, could she strike up a romance with Detective Parker? Reddit-user Chicken Lips believes romance will be on the cards for Neville, but how will his boss react? They penned: “I’m getting strong vibes Neville is going to hook up with Selwyn’s daughter when she comes to Saint Marie to meet him…” User Geek of Nature went on to reply: “Oh I didn't even think about that. “I was assuming they were going to introduce the daughter as someone who could potentially be the next DI, as Neville's getting close to the average amount of time a DI has stuck around before leaving. "But her and Neville getting together is obviously what they're going to do.” DON'T MISS...NCIS' Pauley Perrette issues passionate plea against Ukrainian war [REACTION]Vera's Jac Williams star opens up on Kenny Doughty 'faking' scene  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale arrest for Liam Cavanagh after Charles teams up with Meena? [SPOILERS] They continued: “It brings both those storylines together, saves on introducing another character to be Neville's love interest, and adds a whole other level to the DI/Commissioner tension.” (sic) User Kooky agreed: “Definitely a real possibility. I guess the relationship not working out could also work as a potential exit storyline too, depending on how early in the series they introduce the daughter.” As series 11 came to an end, Ralf Little took to social media to thank fans for watching. He also gave an exciting update confirming he would be back as DCI Neville Parker for series 12. He penned: “Thanks to everyone for watching @deathinparadise series 11. “It is a privilege to play Neville and lead this fantastic show, and it gives me great pleasure to confirm I’ll be returning to Saint Marie for series 12.” Ralf’s followers were delighted he would be back for the upcoming series, but many also shared their theories about the actor and Selwyn’s daughter. Seamus said: “Congratulations on another great series, roll on till next year. Maybe Selwyn's daughter will answer the dating site for Neville?” While Louis added: “Great news!! Looking forward to seeing you marry the Commissioner’s daughter in the final episode of the next series.” Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.