On Tuesday, Prince Andrew was seen escorting his mother, Queen Elizabeth II, down the aisle at Westminster Abbey as they took their seats for the memorial of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh memorial. It was the first time Andrew had been seen in public since he settled a sexual assault case in the US brought by Virginia Giuffre. GB News presenter Colin Brazier was joined by royal expert Dickie Arbiter who claimed this might be the last the public will see of Andrew. Prince Andrew has vehemently denied the allegations brought against him. The Queen held onto her son's elbow with her left hand and had a walking stick in her right, they walked at a slow but steady pace, separating at the end of the aisle. Whilst talking about the articles which had been written about the service and Andrew's involvement, Dickie seemed to defend the royal's choice. "Quite frankly, at the end of the day, Andrew lives just down the road from his mother at Windsor Grey Park, and it made sense that he accompanied her to the thanksgiving service. READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is "She was there because it was her husband, and Andrew was there because it was his dad, the rest of the family didn't acknowledge him. "He saw the Queen to the centre of the aisle, she turned right and went to her seat alone, and he turned and sat down next to Prince Edward. "None of the family acknowledged him, and I think that quite frankly, we have to move on, I mean, the guy was there because it was his dad's thanksgiving service. "The fact that he accompanied his mother kind of made sense because the Queen is frail, and anything could have happened!" Colin interrupted Dickie's point and argued: "Dickie, anybody could have accompanied her, and the Queen's a shroud political operator, and it felt more than having an arm. "It felt like she was using up some of her capital to say, 'Here is my son he is literally standing by me, and I am metaphorically standing by him'." Dickie defended the Queen and said: "As you would expect a mother to do, Andrew has paid the price. "But he is Queen Elizabeth's son, and yes, any mother would stand by their son, but I think too much capital is being made out of what was a terrific service, a terrific send of, something that should have happened last year but didn't." DON'T MISS...Janet Street-Porter criticises Queen over Andrew's role at memorial [INSIGHT]Queen and Prince Charles mark painful anniversary [LATEST]Prince Andrew had ‘every right’ to be with Queen at Philip’s memorial [WATCH] "She is also head of state," Colin reminded Dickie. "And as our head of state, she will know, and her advisors would have told her that the Duke of York, the thing people have about the Duke of York, are not going to disappear overnight. "I would submit they will never disappear, and as such, he needs to go to ground and stay there because any public appearance by Prince Andrew is damaging to the institution which the Queen has given her life of public service too." Dickie agreed with Colin's point and added: "The Queen has given her life to public service, the Queen was there it was a family service, yes. "At the end of the day, it was a family service, something that should have taken place last year but didn't because of Covid. "She is standing by her son, but she was there as the widow of Prince Philip, not as head of state, and you have to remember that!" Colin quipped back: "I get all that, yes, it is a family, but they also have this enormous constitutional role, and it wasn't just the private service the cameras were let in yesterday!" "It wasn't a private service I never said that," Dickie snapped. "What I did say was it was a family service, and the world was there watching, making up its own mind. "At the end of the day, Yes, Andrew has done wrong he has paid the price, he has gone to ground. "He has lost all his military associations, he lost all his charities, he is not allowed to use HRH he will go to ground, and I doubt we will see him again unless the inevitable happens, and it will one day," he concluded. Brazier airs weekdays at 4pm on GB News.