In a poll that ran from 10am on Monday, March 21 to 11am on Tuesday, March 22, Express.co.uk asked its readers: “Should Boris Johnson apologise for comparing people fighting to free Ukraine to Brexit voters?” A total of 1,262 people voted and a robust debate was held in the comments section below the accompanying article. The majority of voters – 81 percent (1,018 people) — said “no”, the Prime Minister does not need to apologise. A further 19 percent (240 people) said “yes”, he should apologise, while four people did not know either way. In the comments, most people said they felt Mr Johnson was being unfairly criticised by the “woke brigade” – a term used to negatively depict people who speak out against perceived injustices in society. READ MORE: Owen Jones in furious row as Vine caller slams MPs 'colluding' with EU  Commenters, like username Smorkins, said the Prime Minister had “nothing to apologise for” and called the criticism “pathetic”. Others said it was unnecessary for Mr Johnson to apologise as his comments had been taken out of context. Username Geezer12 wrote: “I thought Boris had made a blunder until I listened to what he actually said and not what was reported he said.” And username goodnessme wrote: “See all the usual MP's and [politically correct] brigade are out for blood.  “His comments were taken completely out of context as per usual, anything to continually put the boot in. Username Butterfield agreed: “No he shouldn’t [apologise]. Stop putting well-meant words into a negative context.” And username yorkieboy44 wrote: “Boris was only making the point that both countries support freedom.” Some, however, felt the Prime Minister should have been more careful with his words and should apologise to any Ukrainians he may have upset. Username F252 said: “Not sure he was comparing the war with the Brexit vote rather the desire of the Ukrainians to have its freedom and control its own destiny…he was very clumsy in his attempt to link the two though.” And username Joolsaria added: “[How can he] justify a comparison of choosing freedom which we did and it being forced on the Ukrainians through an invasion and bombs… they are not comparable!” DON'T MISS: Public calls increase for NATO to ‘fight new Hitler' with no-fly zone [POLL]Homeowners and savers:This is how interest rate hike will affect YOU [ADVICE]Staggering chart shows how much YOUR bills could rise AGAIN in 2022 [DATA]  The comments in question came in a speech at the Conservative Party’s spring conference in Blackpool on Saturday, when Mr Johnson said: “I know that it's the instinct of the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom, every time. “I can give you a couple of famous recent examples. When the British people voted for Brexit in such large, large numbers, I don't believe it was because they were remotely hostile to foreigners. “It's because they wanted to be free to do things differently and for this country to be able to run itself." According to the Times, a “close source” said the Prime Minister regretted the comments.  The source said the comparison “sounded better written down than it did when spoken”. Speaking for Number 10 in a series of pre-scheduled TV and radio interviews on Sunday, Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak told Times Radio: “People will make up their own minds. “But I can tell you categorically, the Prime Minister does not think that the situation in Ukraine and Brexit are directly comparable. “Of course they’re not, no one would say that they are. He was making some general comments about freedom in different guises.” 