The soldier, named only as Misha, waved a white flag and begged to switch sides after he surrendered. The man's military colleagues ran away and his commander threatened to shoot him. Viktor Andrusiv, an adviser to the head of Ukraine’s interior ministry, claimed Misha saw “no point in further fighting”.  Mr Andrusiv added that the Russian soldier was afraid to return home. The Ukrainians arranged a rendezvous point for the man. The man was in an armoured vehicle that rolled into view and paused while Ukraine soldiers approached. Mr Andrusiv said: “A few days ago Misha called us. Ukraine news: 'Firing squad' forms in Kremlin chaos in threat to Putin  "We passed the information to the military intelligence. “They marked the place and he arrived. "The drone checked that he was alone.” It has been reported that the man who surrendered will get his £7.5k monetary reward and passport at the end of the war. DON'T MISSAs invasion goes awry, what will Russia do next? [ANALYSIS]A look at Vladimir Putin's inner circle [INSIGHT]The 4 countries standing behind Russia [EXPLAINER]  The Russian soldier was also given access to a TV, telephone, kitchen and shower while the fighting raged. Ukrainian authorities have identified Russian troops' phones and have regularly been sending them texts on how to surrender and hand over equipment. The news of the man's surrender is the latest embarrassment to Moscow. Putin's mission in Ukraine is taking its toll on Russian troops and stories are beginning to emerge of anger within the ranks.   One soldier allegedly drove his tank into his commanding officer as he protested horrific losses among his comrades. Colonel Yuri Medvedev was hospitalised with severe leg injuries after the reported incident. An intercepted phone call this week revealed a terrified Russian soldier speaking to his grandmother that he wanted to "get the f*** out" of Ukraine. The man could be heard on the phone saying, "I don’t know how God saved me”. He added: “To be honest with you I would get the f** out of here right now and I don’t care. “The main thing is to survive the hell. "We thought everything would be over in two weeks. "It’s been almost a month already.” 