The money-saving expert apologised for “breaking the rules” on Monday’s Good Morning Britain after he skewered Javid on the cost of living rising in the UK. Appearing alongside host Susanna Reid, the host didn’t hold back with his questioning after he repeatedly grilled the politician on the government’s future plans to help those most vulnerable. Javid spoke about the help available for rising energy costs for those with disabilities, saying the payments are regularly kept under review and explained other levels of support, including a government package of around £9billion. Discussing the rising prices, Lewis probed: “Are you aware of the physical and mental impact [it has] impact on people in the UK? “People are struggling to maintain their physical health as the cost of living rises, dealing with the mental health cost of worrying how they’re going to make ends meet. READ MORE:The Last Kingdom stars 'heartbroken' and 'exhausted' as movie wraps "What do you say from a health perspective?” Lewis questioned. Javid answered: “I am concerned about the rise in the cost, of course, I am, I think that the whole government is. “That’s why it's so important, being able to provide for your families is hugely important. “We do what we can, what’s happened already in terms of Government support, whether that’s the increase of the national living wage, which I think has gone to the highest ever, support more generally for the economies, so more people can be given employment," Javid informed ITV viewers. The ITV expert pleaded: "If you forgive me I'm taking off my presenter's hat for a second and putting on my campaigner's hat Secretary of State. "People on oxygen concentrators, people on dialysis machines, people with electric wheelchairs are in panic and shocked that their lives are going to be cut off because of these energy rises. "I know we have a cabinet government. I know you sit around that table, please as Secretary of State for Health, will you champion those people and make sure that we don't disable their lives going forward with what's about to happen in April? “It's not a question you don't have to answer.”   “I want to answer very straightforwardly, yes, absolutely," Javid replied. "Those are some of the most important people in our society and that is exactly the kind of people that we should do everything we can support including from my department and the NHS.” As the interview came to an end, Lewis told viewers: “Forgive me if I just broke the rules there.” Reid turned to Lewis and remarked: "You are forgiven by the way. You are allowed to have an opinion.” Lewis went on to say: "It was a campaigning call, I hope I didn't break some broadcasting regulations by doing that. “I didn't want to overstep the line but I did think it was important,” he remarked.    Reid replied: “Yeah, absolutely right, I mean, we have just been inundated with people who are in similar situations who, you know, the cost of living crisis obviously affects everybody. “But if you are on oxygen or you rely on something that requires electricity, an increase in your fuel charges is just going to be devastating,” she stated. Earlier in the interview, Lewis criticised Javid for cutting sick pay when the presenter asked: "May I ask you a question? If you had Covid would you go to the office? “Because you are taking away the £500 payment for people on low incomes. “Do you not think, if you take the finances away, you are effectively saying to people 'well, you have got to go to work.'"  Moreover, the ITV host also skewered Javid on the fuel duty cut, which Lewis called was a “politically attractive move”. He said: “The problem is, as I have just sat here explaining to you for a minute, that it is not a politically attractive move. “Cutting fuel duty by 5p is much easier because people understand viscerally what it means," he told the politician. After years of giving money-saving tips, Lewis probed Javid repeatedly over the lack of funding during the morning programme. The 49-year-old told Javid his emails had been inundated by people who were "desperate" and suffering following the rising energy costs. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am 