Lewis Hamilton had a look of "despair" after the problems Mercedes faced on the first day of the opening practice session of the season, according to 1996 champion Damon Hill. Hamilton was only ninth-fastest in practice ahead of the Bahrain Grand Prix. Reigning world champion Max Verstappen was fastest ahead of Ferrari duo Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz. Hamilton was well off the pace, with Mercedes struggling with the car porpoising following a change of regulations this season. Hill spoke to Sky Sports ahead of qualifying on Saturday. Reporter Craig Slater asked him: "Can [Hamilton] do anything else to inspire the team in this period? To raise morale." Hill admitted there was a clear problem for the German manufacturer. And he said Hamilton was not hiding his feelings at all.  "Basically they've got a problem," Hill said. "There was a little of a look of despair with Lewis but he knows he's got a good team behind him and they've got a lot of work to do. "He is trying to make it clear that he's not sandbagging, they're not just pretending they haven't got the pace, they genuinely don't have the pace. They have issues, you can see that clearly on the car, on the track. Lewis tends to show his feelings and concern. "They don't doubt his ability in the cockpit and they know him so well having been together for so long. They know that they don't need him to give them the inspiration they need."  Hill thinks Hamilton will face two different challenges that he is not used to this season. He says being part of a struggling team and having a team-mate as fast as George Russell will be new to the 37-year-old. Hill added: "They are going to work at Mercedes and they are going to fix the problem. But it's interesting the dynamic actually because having gone from being dominant for so long, if they now find themselves struggling in the midfield, that's a new experience for them, in our experience of them as well. "So we're going to be watching that. I think it's going to be interesting how Hamilton copes with the new pressures of not only a quick team-mate but also problems within the team." 