Max Verstappen’s Red Bull car apparently behaves like a prima donna and is more difficult to handle than the Ferrari car. That is the view of Red Bull chief Helmut Marko, who has shared his worries about his team’s challenger, despite the fact that Verstappen claimed his first race victory of the season in Saudi Arabia on Sunday. Ferrari and Red Bull look set to become entangled in a fierce battle to claim the Drivers’ Championship and the Constructors’ Championship this year if the early-season form is anything to go by, with Mercedes some distance behind both. Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc won the season-opener in Bahrain earlier this month to throw down the gauntlet to the rest of the field. But Verstappen, who had been forced to retire from the first Grand Prix, responded by defeating Leclerc by the smallest of margins in the second race of the season. The Ferrari car appears to be one of the best in the field after a winter of upgrades and redesigns due to F1’s new regulations. And Marko believes the Scuderia have the early advantage. READ MORE: Red Bull 'looked closely' at Hamilton to help Verstappen win Saudi GP “The advantage of Ferrari is they are fast straight away with every tyre and at every temperature,” Marko said. “That shows the car is more good-natured. We have perhaps the more difficult car - a prima donna. But if you can get it right, the potential is there.” Verstappen wrestled for dominance in Saudi Arabia and ultimately got the better of Leclerc after an enthralling wheel-to-wheel battle. But the Dutchman remains third in the title standings after failing to score at the first Grand Prix. Verstappen won his maiden F1 championship last season after stunning Lewis Hamilton at the final race of the season. And the 24-year-old has admitted he is enjoying the challenge of facing a new title rival. DON'T MISSRed Bull's Christian Horner has no sympathy for 'struggling' Mercedes [COMMENT]Christian Horner makes reliability prediction about Mercedes [INSIGHT]George Russell demands Mercedes improvement as he issues title verdict [ANALYSIS]   “It was a tough and crazy race today,” Verstappen said on Sunday. “I had a lot of fun battling with Charles again - I really enjoyed it - and it’s not easy to get past him. Patience is always key, especially if you want to fight for the championship. And Red Bull team principal Christian Horner added: “It was a very strategic race from Max. There was some great racing between him and Charles - it was fantastic to watch. Thankfully he had enough to hang on right at the end there. The first two races have delivered great racing between the two teams. Ferrari are very quick and we are expecting the competition to continue over the next few races.” 