As Bridgerton makes its glorious return fans are not just looking forward to the new romances in season two, they are also anticipating to admire a host of extravagant and enchanting new costumes. One character who commanded attention with her eccentric wigs and elaborate ball gowns in season one was Queen Charlotte. Golda, who plays the monarch, has opened up on why she had to wake up at 4am to be transformed into her character. The 52-year-old actress left Netflix viewers mesmerised by her performance as the sovereign in the period drama and she will be returning for season two as demanding as ever. Speaking at the Bridgerton season two premiere earlier this week, Golda explained she felt "really comfortable" when she was wearing Queen Charlotte's wigs and dresses for both seasons of the show. When asked if Queen Charlotte's wigs were akin to a superhero and her cape, the actress replied: "Definitely." “There are layers to it - to creating a character” the actress explained. READ MORE: Coronation Street matriarch Aggie Bailey dead as Abi takes revenge?  “You get up at 4am and you get to set, you are in the chair and the makeup starts, and then the wig goes on." Golda revealed: “There are layers and layers which go into creating this character and it’s so important the costume for her because it’s all about the way she stands and the way she holds herself. “When it’s all complete and I look in the mirror, it’s like, ‘Yeah, come on, let’s go. She’s in the house.'” It is understood the actress had to wear a neck brace on the set of Bridgerton to cope with the weight of her wigs.  She reportedly had to be driven to shoots in a people carrier because of the sky-high wigs she wore on-set. The first season of the drama set in 1813 Regency England featured a total of 7,500 costume pieces. As well as discussing her transformation process, Golda also spoke about her character's softer side, adding: “It’s brilliant how all of the characters were written three-dimensionally. "They have struggles, they have humanity, they have emotions and Queen Charlotte is no different. DON'T MISS...Bridgerton's Simone Ashley laughs it up with on-screen love interest [LATEST]Bridgerton season 2 soundtrack: The covers and original tracks [INSIGHT]Anthony Bridgerton shows 'emotional vulnerability' in season 2 [EXPLAINER] “We see her playing the game, we see her at the balls, we see her trying to find out who Lady Whistledown is. “But we also see her in private with the king and the struggles she has to go through.” The second outing will focus on Anthony Bridgerton (played by Jonathan Bailey), as he searches for a woman to marry. He plans to find a wife who shares his no-love-strings-attached view to marriage.  However, everything changes when the beautiful and intelligent Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran) walks into his life. The plot thickens when the character becomes embroiled in a complicated love triangle with her spinster sister Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley). So which sibling will Anthony end up meeting at the alter? Bridgerton seasons one and two are now available to watch on Netflix. 