Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has blasted his own medical department during a rant as he insisted they should explain their decisions to the media. Conte took the helm at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in November.  “You should have a conference with the medical department,” Conte told press ahead of his side’s clash with Everton on Monday. “It's too easy for the doctors to work here. They don't speak and they don't explain. “It could be good one day and then in two weeks to have a press conference with the medical department to explain about this situation with the players, about the situation that they are trying to take care of the players. It's too easy for the medical department.” Conte was unable to call upon four key players for his side’s FA Cup trip to Middlesbrough in midweek as the Lilywhites were stunned by the Championship outfit. Oliver Skipp was absent for the encounter after missing the previous six games with a groin injury, while Japhet Tanganga was ruled out with a knee injury which had kept him on the sidelines for the same amount of time. Rodrigo Bentacur, who joined Spurs from Juventus in January, was also unavailable, as was Lucas Moura. READ MORE: Shakhtar Donetsk chief directs anger at Russian players after youth coach killed by shell  And Chris Wilder’s side held Tottenham at bay before humbling the Premier League giants courtesy of a goal from Josh Coburn in extra time. Conte confirmed on Friday that Bentancur and Moura will return for the clash with Everton, while Skipp and Tanganga are still unavailable. And the Italian is expecting a tough encounter against the Toffees. “A good game for us, in the right moment,” the 52-year-old continued. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'make decision' on Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial's futuresSix relegation-threatened stars Man Utd can add to cut-price summer transfer shortlistMan Utd 'could offload 11 players' in mass exodus with three managers under consideration    “The only positive thing now is that we have more days to prepare for the games. We know we are facing a good team with a new manager. “Everton decided to send away Rafa [Benitez] who in my opinion is a very important manager. “Now there is Frank Lampard and he is showing he can do this job very well at Derby and then Chelsea.” Tottenham thumped Leeds 4-0 last weekend, which meant the north Londoners won back-to-back Premier League matches for the first time since early December.  Matt Doherty, Dejan Kulusevski, Harry Kane and Son Heung-min all found the back of the net against the Whites as Spurs kept their top four hopes alive. That result came after Conte’s side had stunned Manchester City by defeating the Premier League champions at the Etihad Stadium. On that occasion, Kane headed home the winner deep into stoppage time at the end of the match to grab his second goal of the game after Riyad Mahrez had levelled the score moments earlier. And Conte will be hoping his side can claim another valuable three points as they look to stay in the chase for Champions League qualification. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here