Aldi customers have praised the supermarket’s own brand of face creams, with some claiming it is a dupe of well-known luxury brands. Shoppers took to the Facebook group Aldi UK shoppers to share their thoughts about the product line and how it has helped achieve a “youthful and hydrated” appearance. Aldi describes their skincare range as “the ultimate self-care”. The aim of their beauty range is to help customers “look and feel amazing for less”. And it seems many of their shoppers are impressed with the results. The Lacura range covers skincare, haircare and anti-ageing, and it’s the latter that Aldi customers rave about the most. READ MORE: Sentimental meaning behind Queen’s rose brooches - worth £100k Stephanie Rachel posted to the group: “I absolutely adore these face creams and that £1.49 you can't go wrong.” She was referring to the Lacura Q10 anti-wrinkle day and night cream. Hundreds of Aldi fans posted their comments, sharing experiences of using the same cream. Margaret Eyre wrote: “Used lacura day cream for years would never use anything else.” DON'T MISS...Family distraught after spending £2k on 'atrocious' Corfu holiday [REACTION]Kate Middleton style: Duchess’ Caribbean wardrobe cost £35,000 [STYLE]Jamie Oliver’s American-style pancake recipe - how to make [GUIDE] Carol Howard said: “I use both. Just as good as the more expensive brands.” Sharnagh Hunter added: “I've started using these recently and have to say I've noticed a huge difference in my skin. It really does look more youthful and hydrated. So much so, I don't bother wearing any face makeup during the day, just a touch of mascara. Very happy with it. Another Lacura product shoppers love is the Caviar Illumination Day Cream. For £6.99, some claimed it provides “eternal youth” in a pot. The award-winning product uses “two powerful ingredients - caviar extract and snow algae” which have been “enriched with protein, vitamins and minerals to combat signs of ageing, moisture loss and provide a smooth bright appearance”. So does it do what it says on the pot? Tracy from Solihull gave the product five stars and commented: “Love this! This has made a huge difference to my skin. I read a review online. I do not regret buying. This will be a repeat purchase.” Sandie from Airdrie chose five stars and wrote: “Very good. Works well to clear lines on my face .and my skin looks much brighter.” Cat was extremely impressed: “I bought this face cream because I had ran out of my usual face cream and couldn’t get any more. I have sensitive skin so was a bit worried as cheaper options normally don’t agree with my skin but wow. I love this cream leaves my skin soft, been using for two weeks and I’ve already noticed a difference in my forehead lines. My only wish was the spf being 40 . But amazing cream for every day use!” Lottie gave a glowing review: “Simple the best cream. This amazing pot of cream (along with the night cream, night mask and eye cream- when Aldi stock it) has reversed my lines by five years. The difference I can see is just miraculous! I will never use any other cream again, just hope they never run out.” Janice explained how using the Caviar Illumination Day Cream gave her salon results. She said: “Noticed a difference as soon as starting to using it, one week in and someone actually told me skin was looking so good they thought I’d been for a facial.”