Meghan Markle, 40, has unveiled her first Spotify series that will investigate "labels that try to hold women back". Archetypes will launch this summer, hosted by the Duchess of Sussex who will speak to historians, experts and women who have experienced being typecast. Virgin Radio presenter Steve Denyer has since claimed Meghan is getting "$18million for the first episode". Speaking to TalkRADIO, Mr Denyer said: "It's supposed to be about women and about tackling stereotypes." Presenter Jeremy Kyle added: "I will never move from this opinion no matter how much trouble it gets me in. "If you don't want to be part of the Royal Family, you're absolutely one million percent right. "If you can't bear press intrusion and I understand what it did to his mother, absolutely right. READ MORE: Queen urged to axe Prince Harry role as monarch faces 'unthinkable' "If you want to bring your kids up out of the glare of publicity and move to America, all right. "The shame is pal you took $120million from Spotify to do useless podcasts that Meghan Markle is about to do and expect people to respect you." Mr Denyer noted: "£18million alone for the first episode." In a trailer for the Archewell Audio project released on Thursday, male voices are heard saying derogatory remarks about women including "she's a slut" and "a little emotionally unstable". Meghan follows the excerpts, saying: "This is how we talk about women: the words that raise our girls, and how the media reflects women back to us... but where do these stereotypes come from? "And how do they keep showing up and defining our lives?" A male voice is heard saying "weaker, smaller, they are less intelligent" with a female voice saying: "People think I should be quiet and submissive". DON'T MISS Prince Harry on the spot as key security row paradox exposed [INSIGHT]US TV host savages Kate and William 'Not like Meghan and Harry' [VIDEO]Meghan Markle in podcast takeover as Harry cut out of project [ANALYSIS] The announcement of Archewell Audio's debut podcast series with Spotify comes after Meghan and the Duke of Sussex raised concerns about Covid-19 misinformation on the platform. Meghan and Harry signed a lucrative deal with the audio streaming giant to host and produce podcasts, estimated to be worth around 25 million US dollars (£18 million), in late 2020. But they had only released one show so far - a holiday special featuring their son Archie and celebrity guests. Spotify and Archewell Audio said on Thursday: "Spotify and Archewell Audio both value responsible stewardship of the audio landscape, and as explained recently, are committed to working closely to support transparency and strong principles of trust and safety."