Cristiano Ronaldo has sent a boastful message to Piers Morgan to confirm his status as the greatest footballer of all time. The Manchester United superstar netted a stunning hat-trick in the Red Devils' 3-2 triumph over Tottenham on Saturday to make football history as the game's all-time record goalscorer. Ronaldo's Old Trafford treble against Spurs saw him claim the 59th hat-trick of his illustrious career and subsequently rewire the history books. The trio of strikes took the Portuguese icon to a total of 807 goals - a new FIFA record, surpassing the previous best of 805 set by Czech legend Josef Bican. The 37-year-old's latest feat has also reignited the ongoing debate over the greatest player of all time. In the 24 hours since his sublime treble, many have hailed Ronaldo as the 'GOAT' and it appears United's history-making No.7 is in agreement. JUST IN: Chelsea told they could just 'fizzle away' as Paul Merson makes painful Blues admission  Following the United star's Spurs heroics, TV personality Morgan has shed light on a text message exchange which took place on Sunday, in which the five-time Ballon d'Or made a boastful admission. Opening up on his contact with Ronaldo, Morgan told The Sun: "Today, I texted him to ask him to sum up in one word why he’s the GOAT. ""I need three words," he replied. "More than special one, I’m 'The Only One.’" "Then he sent two laughing emojis." DON'T MISSArsenal could axe 13 players this summer as Mikel Arteta finalises Emirates clear-out[OPINION]Thomas Tuchel makes decision on leaving Chelsea as Man Utd show interest[REPORT]Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has dropped hint he may not even sign new striker this summer [QUOTES]  The Portuguese superstar has never been short of self-confidence and has been lauded over the years for his extraordinary work-rate and relentless desire to be remembered as the greatest footballer ever. After winning the Serie A golden boot at the age of 36 last season, Ronaldo reaffirmed his obsession with statistics and achievements, claiming "records chase" him. In the aftermath of securing the individual Italian honour, Ronaldo posted to Instagram: "I’ve already said that I don’t chase records, records chase me. "For those who don't understand what I mean by this, it’s very simple: football is a collective game, but it is through individual overcoming that we help our teams achieve their goals."   Over his astonishing 20-year career, Ronaldo has won 32 trophies and set all manner of records within the game. Such honours include the most goals in Champions League history, the most goals in European Championship finals history and the most international goals ever. Following Saturday's success, Ronaldo posted a picture of himself alongside NFL legend and seven-time Super Bowl-winning quarterback Tom Brady, in which he teased over his own 'GOAT' status. The United forward wrote: "Always a pleasure and a privilege to share some thoughts and ideas with another GOAT..." 