Channel 5 viewers recently got an insight into the making of Last of the Summer Wine when they aired Last of the Summer Wine: 30 Years of Laughter, a documentary about the hit comedy show. However, the documentary revealed some stars struggled to get on while filming the long-running BBC sit-com. Last of the Summer Wine is famed as the longest-running comedy programme in Britain, having first began in January 1973. The hit series eventually came to an end in 2010, but had several shake-ups in the cast over the years. During the Channel 5 documentary, Peter Sallis' son, Chrispian Sallis spoke about the varying relationships on set. Chrispian insisted his father quickly began to get on well with Compo star Bill Owen.  Last of the Summer Wine is famed as the longest-running comedy programme in Britain, having first began in January 1973. The hit series eventually came to an end in 2010, but had several shake-ups in the cast over the years. During the Channel 5 documentary, Peter Sallis' son, Chrispian Sallis spoke about the varying relationships on set. Chrispian insisted his father quickly began to get on well with Compo star Bill Owen. READ MORE: 'I just love it' Brenda Blethyn shares future plans for playing Vera He explained: "Bill Owen and my father formed a friendship straight away. They absolutely instantly hit it off." However, Bill Owen's son, Tom Owen, confessed not everyone in the cast was friendly. He said: "Bill got on much better with Peter than he did with Michael Bates, who was very right wing." Emphasising political differences appeared to be the problem, Tom added: "My dad was very left wing." Chrispian explained Peter often had to break up his co-stars when they were getting into heated discussions. He commented: "Bill was the Labour Party and Pa [Peter] was sort of middle of the road, easy going, no big deal. "But, Michael was Churchillian and Bill and he on the set were just continuously clashing. "Pa, if not Jimmy Gilbert the director, Pa was like 'Will you two just pack it in?'" Chrispian explained. DON'T MISS...Josie Gibson steps in as Holly Willoughby forced to miss This Morning [WATCH]EastEnders' Keegan star Zack Morris explains why he quit BBC soap [MUST SEE]Carol Kirkwood teases Dan Walker over lengthy sports chat [UPDATE] However, Michael Bates didn't stay working on Last of the Summer Wine for very long. The legendary actor left the comedy series in 1975 as his health began to decline. He was eventually replaced in 1976 when Brian Wilde joined the cast for the third series. Meanwhile, Bill Owen continued with the show until his death in 1999. Peter Sallis was the only actor to have appeared in every single episode of Last of the Summer Wine. He took on the role of Cleggy when the show first launched in 1973 and continued until its conclusion in 2010. Peter eventually decided to retire from acting two years after Last of the Summer Wine came to an end. Last of the Summer Wine: 30 Years of Laughter is available to stream on My5.