US President Joe Biden, 79, has defended his unscripted remarks surrounding Vladimir Putin, with many having an opinion on his actions. Piers Morgan, 56, has taken to Twitter to say the US President is "beyond parody" over his latest "multiple war gaffes". Piers took to Twitter last night to share his thoughts on Biden's latest actions. In view of his 7.9 million followers he penned: "President Biden now walking back on all the walk-backs of his multiple war gaffes. "Beyond parody." Many social media users took to the comments to express their opinion on the matter. READ MORE: Michaela Strachan on hiding cancer diagnosis ColinG_1 said: "Is Biden your new Meghan?" Veronstein added: "He said he expressed his own feelings. Why is that so hard to understand? "He may be the President of the United States, but he is also a man with feelings who is appalled by Putin. The End." SuzetteDexter commented: "He didn't walk it back. He doubled on what he said, and stated that it was his own personal opinion." Many social media users defend Biden after he defended his unscripted remarks yesterday. Biden previously said how Putin "cannot remain in power" causing some backlash to his remarks. He later defended this, saying he was adamant that he was not calling for a regime change but instead was expressing his "moral outrage" at the brutality of Putin's recent assaults. He said: "I'm not walking anything back. DON'T MISS... Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, oozes Hollywood glamour on Oscars red carpet [OSCARS] Denise van Outen enjoyed ‘ride’ to fame but now fears cancel culture [COMMENT] Ranvir Singh asks for advice as she suffers from 'most painful' issue [GMB] "I was expressing the moral outrage I felt toward the way Putin is dealing and the actions of this man, which is just brutality. "But I want to be clear that I wasn't then nor am I now articulating a policy change. "I make no apologies for it." He argued that Putin’s invasion of Ukraine was "totally unacceptable" and said the comment does not undermine diplomatic efforts by the US and European allies to pursue peace and negotiate an end to the brutality. Continuing to defend himself, he added: "Nobody believes I was talking about taking down Putin... nobody believes that. "I was expressing my outrage at the behaviour of this man." Piers has regularly been digging at Biden, recently tweeting: "Biden as unpopular as Trump at same stage of presidency. "So much for the unifying candidate.."