Harry Hill introduced tributes to his late friend and had to fight back tears as he stood on the stage. A clip of numerous comedy stars then began to play, beginning with Lee Mack who said: “Sean was the kind of person that people would come out of their dressing room and everyone would have a look, you know at the Comedy Store." Jason Manford continued: “That was something I was very envious of, you know, I could make the audience laugh, but how do you get the comics to laugh? He just had that.” Bill Bailey then added: “He was a brilliant comic... It was about the absurdity of the completely dizzying journeys he would take you on down a rabbit hole, and you would think, ‘Where are we going with this?’” READ MORE:A Place In The Sun's Laura Hamilton forced to move again after split Following the emotional messages, viewers were left in tears as they remembered the late comedian. Paul Rigby wrote on Twitter: “Whatever you think of the National Comedy Awards, currently on Channel 4, its joyous, tearful tribute to the effortlessly funny Sean Lock justifies every moment.” Adam echoed: “Sean Lock was one of my favourites and always will be. Legend that man.” Elle said: “Sean Lock was such a naturally brilliant person and comic. His legacy in comedy will really last a lifetime.” Scarlett penned: “Sean Lock and his comedy changed my life. I've been watching him since I was young, and he really shaped who I was. I will forever be grateful for him and his comedy, he was truly incredible.” And Mollie added: “Catch me absolutely sobbing over another Sean Lock tribute.” Sean went on to win in the Best Male Comedy Entertainment Performance category for 8 Out Of 10 Cats Does Countdown. The announcement of his win brought the whole room to their feet in a standing ovation which lasted the best part of one minute. DON'T MISS‘Doesn’t do it for a Range Rover’ James Martin defends Amanda Owen[LATEST]Liz Hurley breaks silence on Shane Warne’s death in heartbreaking post[INSIGHT]'Horrible, tragic' Martin Lewis bids farewell after worrying warning[NEWS] Sean’s representative announced Sean’s death in August and confirmed he had been battling cancer. A statement from Off The Kerb Productions said: "It is with great sadness that we have to announce the death of Sean Lock. "He died at home from cancer, surrounded by his family. "Sean will be sorely missed by all that knew him. We kindly request that the privacy of his family and children is respected at this difficult time." Sean's friend Bill Bailey revealed shortly after his death that he had been battling lung cancer in secret. In an interview with ITV News, Bill said: "He had been diagnosed with lung cancer a few years ago and it was at the time quite a blow, particularly when it was quite advanced. "We've tried to make the most of the last few years. We spent a lot of time together and went on trips together. And he's continued to work. "He's an amazingly courageous and tough individual who was mentally strong throughout the whole time. I’m just grateful for the time we have had together."