Though Caitriona Balfe's show-stopping performance in the drama seemed to have been overlooked after she failed to win one single award personally, she didn't hesitate to praise Kenneth Branagh for his role in Belfast. Posting a photo of him proudly clutching an award, she expressed her "endless" gratitude for the director. Taking to Instagram in view of over 1.8 million followers, she praised: "Endlessly grateful to this extraordinary human being." In spite of what some fans perceived as a snub towards her at the ceremony, she didn't let it sour her positive energy towards Kenneth's own win. "Congratulations Ken… you so deserved this … for sharing your story and opening your heart and taking us on this magical journey with you," she continued in her post. "I will be forever grateful for this amazing experience.. from the first day of shooting, to this golden moment." READ NOW: Michaela Strachan on hiding cancer diagnosis "Bravo and thank you!!!" she exclaimed, adding: "Also @jamiedornan … you held that for a really really long time!!!" She then rhymed off a list of key "family" members who'd worked together on the film. "Love to the whole @belfastmovie family @judehill @lewismcaskie @laramcdonnellofficial #ciaránhinds #JudiDench @focusfeatures @universalpictures @berwickl @beccakovacik #TamarThomas #kennethbranagh," she elaborated. The film had been nominated for a groundbreaking grand total of seven awards, which included Best Picture, Best Director, Actor in a Supporting Role and Actress in a Supporting Role. If the 42-year-old was disappointed not to have been acknowledged in the long list of accolades, she gamely declined to show it. She offered a string of heart emojis to her teammates instead. Fellow Irish star Kenneth had accepted his Oscar for Best Original Screenplay with equal passion. He had written the story over lockdown, and by the time restrictions had finally been relaxed, he found himself on the red carpet celebrating a win. DON'T MISS... Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, oozes Hollywood glamour on Oscars red carpet [PHOTOS] Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts [INSIGHT] Lily Collins laments 'end of an era' after Phil Collins' last show [UPDATE]  The star, who left his home town of Belfast at just nine years old, shared a poignant message to all those who had been caught up in The Troubles and had consequently lost their lives. Paying tribute to an "amazing city", he elaborated: "This story is a search for joy and hope in the face of violence and loss. "We will never forget all of those lost in the heart-breaking, heart-warming human story of that amazing city of Belfast on the fabulous island of Ireland. "This means a lot." Meanwhile Caitriona, who herself grew up in a rural Irish village, Tydanvet - close to the border with Northern Ireland - has revealed that she has had her fair share of experiences of rejection. The star, who lost out at the Oscars, lamented to The Guardian of former audition disappointments: "If it didn’t work out, it wasn’t always because you didn’t do a good job, or you weren’t good. “It was other arbitrary things like your name’s not big enough." She added: "[It] can be soul-destroying."