Fergie visited Warsaw, in Poland, where her charity Sarah's Trust is helping refugees who left Ukraine following Russia's invasion. For the emotional visit, the mother-of-two donned a royal blue blazer which she combined with a white, orange and yellow scarf. Underneath the blazer, the Duchess wore a smart mini black dress. Sarah finished her outfit with black tights and velvet navy loafers with a green feather print. The royal kept her red hair down and opted for a very natural make-up look. READ MORE: DEAL OF THE DAY: Wowcher is slashing 75 percent off outdoor fire pits While talking to the Mayor of Warsaw Rafał Trzaskowski she described the situation as "heartbreaking". The Duchess said on Instagram: "The invasion of Ukraine is heartbreaking to watch. "It is unbearable to see families being separated and civilians being caught up in the bloodshed. "I have always believed the smile of a child is the most important thing in the world, so to see so many children caught up in this crisis is particularly affecting.  "I'm honoured to be welcomed to Poland today by @trzaskowskirafal and meeting Ukrainian refugees. "At least 2.8 million Ukrainians have fled their country since Russia invaded. "Poland has taken in at least 1.7 million so far. "It is a privilege to meet some of them and hear their stories today. The world has a duty to support them..." The Duchess said in a statement: "I want to do my bit through my charity, Sarah's Trust, and am here to hear more about what is needed on the ground. "So far, we have organised for three articulated lorries with supplies designed to help refugees from Ukraine in Poland. "These include clothes for women, children, nappies, hand sanitisers, toiletries, torches, and non-perishable food like porridge oats. "All of these items have been provided by kind-hearted donors in the UK who I can't thank enough." Royal fan @jacquibrantjes1 commented: "Well done Sarah." "You are wonderful," said @emmafarah1. Another Instagram user, @living_the_british_life, commented "Sarah you are the best!!" while @lady_eileena said: "Kindness personified." "Ahh! This is beautiful, well done Sarah. Hats off to you!" said another one. Another royal watcher, @ginisaville, added: "Nice to see a member of the royals involved! Sarah seems like one of the people who know what life outside a palace really is! Good work Sarah!"