Volkswagen has unveiled the latest model in its electric range, an updating of the iconic campervan so beloved of families and travellers in the 1960s. Going on sale later this year the Buzz is fully battery powered and modelled as a completely ‘eco-friendly’ form of transport. Featuring the latest in-car technology and a huge 1,100 litres of space in the back, the car’s interior is made with synthetic materials. That means in the spirit of the original ‘hippy’ mobile, there’s no leather involved. The ID Buzz seats five including the driver and those wanting more space can also order the ID Buzz Cargo. That’s an alternative model aimed more at tradespeople, although it won’t be released until 2025. READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ The ID Buzz is also packed with state-of-the-art safety features and autonomous tech like "Car2X", which uses signals from other vehicles on the road to spot hazards. The van also has memory features that will recognise previous routes and stopping areas, parking itself automatically. VW believes that the vehicle will also be used in cities by modern cab companies and shared by people hailing taxis via apps. The German automaker first unveiled a prototype of the Buzz five years ago at the Detroit motor show. DON'T MISSHow motorists can save on fuel costs by driving with a bowl of water [INSIGHT]New red diesel rule is a 'cash grab' with law change weeks away [SHOCKING]Major diesel changes are an 'absolute mess' with ban just weeks away [WARNING] Orders for the ID Buzz can be placed on VW’s website from May, with deliveries expected in late 2022. Prices are likely to start around £40,000 although the top of the range editions are likely to exceed £50,000. Ralf Brandstätter, chairman of the board of management of Volkswagen Passenger Cars said: “The ID Buzz is a genuine icon for the electric era – a car the likes of which only Volkswagen can build. “'In the 1950s, the Volkswagen Bulli stood for a new feeling of automotive freedom, independence and great emotion.” He continued: “The ID Buzz picks up on this lifestyle and transfers it into our time – emission-free, sustainable, fully networked and now ready for the next big chapter: autonomous driving.” The front of the van features a redesigned VW logo, oversized to match the campervan original. Also inspired by the 60s is the two-tone paintwork, although that is optional. The van has a huge amount of space, especially with the second row of seats folded down - that allows 2,205 litres of room. Battery wise, the Buzz is powered by a 77kw battery which gives a claimed range of around 250 miles on a single charge. Fast charging means the vehicle will be able to go from five percent to 80 percent charged in approximately 30 minutes. Like Teslas, the battery is bi-directional meaning unused power can be fed back into a house or to power other devices. VW’s all-electric range has expanded rapidly recently with models like the ID3 and ID4 SUVs, the ID5 coupe and the e-golf.