Arsenal have been told that they must pay £100million for AS Roma star Tammy Abraham. Gunners legend Ian Wright has already given his blessing, though, branding the former Chelsea star as the perfect player to come in. Arsenal face paying a huge £100m transfer fee if they want to sign Abraham from Roma this summer after the Italian giants moved to secure the Englishman's future. Mikel Arteta has made bringing in a striker a priority after already losing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to Barcelona. The Gabon international was allowed to leave the Gunners for nothing but his departure has left the north London side lacking up top, where only Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah remain. However, both forwards will find themselves out of contract at the end of the season and looking likelier to leave by the day. Several strikers have popped onto Arteta’s radar including Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Raul de Tomas and Alexander Isak. But Abraham has long been on the shortlist, even during his time at Chelsea. A transfer from their London rivals would have been nearly impossible, though, with the Blues preferring to sell abroad and last year the England international joined Roma. Since moving to Italy, the 24-year-old has been a sensation - most recently scoring a brace in the Rome derby against Lazio to make him a fan favourite. According to the Daily Mail, Arsenal face difficult negotiations after Roma priced Abraham at £100m - a huge total for a club that have other areas of the squad to address. However, he already has the seal of approval from Gunners icon Wright, who reckons he would score goals for fun at the Emirates. “Tammy has the hunger to finish the chances that Arsenal are not finishing right now. They are making chances but someone is not in there taking them,” he told Wrighty’s House. “Tammy is at that stage now where he would be in there gobbling all that up. “I think [he’s ready now]. Absolutely. He’s gone to Roma and it’s a massive club and he’s the main man, he was from the first game.” A transfer back to Chelsea is plausible, though any chance of signing this summer is minimal - even without the current sanctions on the club. That is because while the Blues have a buyback option, that does not come into play until next year. That clause is worth £67m, which could end up being a bargain considering their current striker plight with Romelu Lukaku. In the two seasons Abraham was promoted to first-choice striker, he finished as top scorer at Stamford Bridge. The Englishman has scored 23 times in 37 starts under Jose Mourinho this campaign, attracting attention from around Europe. His goalscoring exploits have made him an icon already at the Stadio Olimpico while he has earned a spot in Gareth Southgate’s England squad this week. With friendlies coming up against Switzerland and Ivory Coast, the Three Lions boss is looking at his fringe options to see if they can put pressure on his more trusted players. That includes Abraham, who is gunning down Harry Kane, Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Ollie Watkins for a spot in the World Cup squad in Qatar later this year.