Dushane Hill (played by Ashley Walters) and the rest of the Summerhouse crew are finally coming back to screens for the long-awaited second season of Top Boy. Following Netflix’s revival of the show in 2019, with the original two outings on Channel 4 now labelled Top Boy: Summerhouse, the streamer’s second instalment is already dividing opinions. The new two-minute trailer for Top Boy season two seems to be taking Dushane’s story to some unexpected places. Netflix’s hit British crime series is due to drop its highly anticipated follow-up in just under two weeks’ time. A brand new teaser has confirmed the return of some familiar faces, while the Hackney estate turf war has led to some devastating consequences. Unfortunately, some fans have claimed the streaming service’s revival of the series is failing to capture the magic of the original two seasons. READ MORE: Shane Warne dead: Australia cricket legend dies aged 52 A number of viewers have taken to Reddit to voice their criticisms upon the release of the latest promo. User WorriedConcept2111 commented: “I dunno man, I loved Top Boy for the realism, it was relatable. “Season three stayed kind of relatable but you could see the big executives influence seeping in, ‘every episode needs a shoot out’, ‘we need an international crime boss’." In season two, Dushane is already taking his business global with new contacts in Spain and Morocco. Plus, he could finally start to bury the hatchet with former rival Jamie Tovell (Micheal Ward) after aiding his release from prison last season. As the action starts to ramp up, is Top Boy still an accurate representation of life on the streets of London? This fan certainly doesn’t think so, as they criticised the show’s format moving more towards a generic TV crime drama. “Season 4 looks so far removed from what made Season 1 and 2 [Summerhouse] great it may as well be a different show,” they continued. DON'T MISS:The Good Doctor season 5: Fan-favourite confirms return [LATEST]The Last Kingdom’s Stiorra star sends farewell to crew member [COMMENT]Line of Duty’s Martin Compston on possible season 7 release [INSIGHT] “These guys who grew up with nothing, who we've watched struggle and being unable to escape their lives on the streets are now going on buddy cop adventures around the world. It's quickly turning into just another crime drama.” And S64atyourdoor agreed: “That’s what I thought as well. Seasons one and two were arguably the most accurate portrayal of London street life brought to screen. It was gritty and realistic. “But since Netflix got involved it just seems like they're trying to make a UK version of Power, which is just unrealistic drama. The original seasons are more like the UK version of The Wire.” Another fan echoed this sentiment, with Fastorsteady adding: “I was kinda hoping this season would go back to being like Summerhouse and its portrayal of the estate. I’m sure it’ll still be good tho." (sic) The series’ original creator and writer Ronan Bennett is still on board for the next block of episodes, so hopefully, season two doesn’t stray too far away from what made the two seasons of Top Boy: Summerhouse great. However, season two has already received considerable backlash elsewhere for seemingly killing off Ats Ayittey (Kieyon Cook) off-screen. @DarrionR-P tweeted: “I’m excited for the new season of Top Boy, HOWEVER if they’ve killed off Ats like I think they have I’m gonna be so upset. Was Jase not enough?!” Top Boy season two is still one of Netflix’s most anticipated releases of 2022, but the lukewarm reception to the new trailer could mark the beginning of the end of Hackney’s drug war. Top Boy season 2 will be released on Friday, March 18 on Netflix.