The footballing world was sent into shock when it was revealed that Lionel Messi would be leaving FC Barcelona in the summer. However, no one was more stunned than the player himself it appears. Since leaving the La Liga for the first time in his career and joining Paris Saint-Germain, Messi has struggled to find his best form in France. The seven-time Ballon d’Or winner has scored just twice so far this season in 17 Ligue 1 appearances, though he has registered an impressive 10 assists. But some have been disappointed with how the Argentine has performed in his new league up against, arguable, worse sides than he would play against for Barca. But Messi’s former teammate Thierry Henry has called for fans to have patience with the 34-year-old and consider the player’s mental health. JUST IN: Chelsea 'contacted' as Saudi consortium joins 10-bid race to buy Speaking to L’Equipe, the Frenchman asked whether he thought that Messi’s goalscoring woes are linked to his wellbeing, to which he replied: “You’d have to ask him, I can’t speak for him. But, when we talk about Messi or Neymar, who are exceptional players, we too often forget that aspect. “When Lionel cried on leaving Barcelona, that wasn’t part of the plan. When you think you’re never going to leave somewhere, and then suddenly it happens, it creates an emotional shock. “People say, ‘he’s fine, he’s got everything he needs in Paris’, but it’s not that simple. “When I left Arsenal for Barcelona it took me a year to feel good. I arrived there with an injury, going through a divorce, I have to learn a new system, you mix all of that up and it plays on the mind.” PSG have not suffered as a result of Messi failing to meet his very high expectations, Mauricio Pochettino’s side are 13 points at the top of the table and appear to have the league wrapped up after just 27 games. The good form of Kylian Mbappe has been a key factor in Les Parisiens’ success this season, but the France international is out of contract at the end of the season and PSG must be prepared for his absence. Neymar, who has struggled with injuries, is certainly capable of stepping up when Mbappe departs, as well as Messi. Henry also spoke about his concerns with the mental health of Neymar in his interview. “When you analyse an action and he doesn't position himself properly, okay, that's a fact and it must be said. Yes, he is a little worse than he has been, but there are reasons," said the Arsenal legend. "Neymar has often talked in his recent interviews about his well-being, about the pressure, so my first thought is: 'Is he ok?'. “It's not about that he no longer does nutmegs, sombreros, or about the fact that he doesn't beat people with his pace anymore. "He talks, but can you hear him? He's asking for help – there are things happening in his head, just like any other human being." It remains to be seen how PSG act upon Henry’s comments behind the scenes and whether Messi is able to find the showcase why he is one of the best players to ever grace a football pitch whilst in the Ligue 1.