Fitted furniture experts at Online Bedrooms have shared common decorating mistakes Britons are making and ones DIYers should avoid altogether. From certain colours in the wrong areas to not incorporating plants into the home, homeowners are being told how to avoid some of the biggest mistakes. Nic Shacklock, Head of Marketing at Online Bedrooms, said: “Bedrooms and chilled out spaces like the living room are important to get right, as you’ll be spending a lot of downtime in them. “A lot of people pick their decor in a rush, which is always a bad idea. Those unsure about the look they are after should spend some time looking at colour schemes, so they have a solid place to start from. “Those introducing decor to quickly add character should stick with the themes of the room, whilst bringing in something new and exciting.” According to Online Bedrooms, one common mistake home decorators are making is painting bold colours in places they shouldn’t be. READ MORE: When to plant new potatoes - Best time for tasty harvest This is because bright and bold colours are likely to stop homeowners from relaxing and instead neural tones and colours should be opted for instead. For those wanting to incorporate some colour into their rooms, a splash of bold is recommended. Another mistake the experts regularly see is homeowners not adding texture into their homes. They said: “Textures can make a house feel like a home by adding cosy layers and visual interest to a room. Things like blankets and wall hangings are perfect for the bedroom, whereas rugs and artwork are a great way to introduce textures elsewhere in the home.” DON'T MISS:‘Effective’ houseplants for purifying the the air - ‘great’ [COMMENT]Monty Don shares how to get healthy grass in March [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share tumble dryer ice cube tip to stop creasing [INSIGHT] Houseplants are growing in popularity, with more and more people working from home permanently, reaping the benefits of indoor plants. According to the experts, indoor plants can improve the air quality in the home as well as relieve stress. Despite this, many homeowners are reluctant to bring nature inside the home. Online Bedrooms said: “Picking easy to care for plants like spider plants and sansevieria can relieve stress, boost creativity, and create a personal oasis in any house.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea One mistake homeowners are making when it comes to decorating their home is not incorporating rugs into rooms. Adding a rug into any room can make it feel warmer and cosier, especially in the colder months. The experts recommended large textile rugs to add character. What’s more, for those with wooden floors, adding a rug can reduce the noise in the home including footsteps. Online Bedrooms continued: “A common mistake is getting furniture that looks great but doesn’t ergonomically match the owner. “Coffee tables should be a comfortable reach from the sofa and nightstands should be level with your bed and shouldn’t be unreachable in the dead of night.” When it comes to living rooms and chill rooms, the expert shared a “key tip” which was to have a chair or armchair in the room which stands alone. This can be used to take on or off shoes as well as keep worn clothes on or layout outfits. The experts also recommended having a chair or armchair in the bedroom.