Sergiy Stakhovsky, 36, who defeated 20-time Grand Slam champion Roger Federer, 40, at Wimbledon in 2013, was on holiday when Russian soldiers marched into Ukraine on February 24. However, Mr Stakhovsky has told GB News' Mark Dolan that he cut his holiday short and is now armed in the Ukrainian capital Kyiv. When asked by Mr Dolan what he is willing to do to defend Kyiv, he said: "I'll stand my ground by any means necessary." He added: "My family are not happy, but I still have family here as well, my brother and my father stayed behind. "It was a tough choice for me but I would feel guilty if I left them behind and didn’t join to help my country to survive this mess." Mr Stakhovsky also provided an update on what the situation was like in the Ukrainian capital. JUST IN: Awkward moment maskless Boris glares at Trudeau He said: "Kyiv is pretty safe in terms of gunfights, but there is shelling and bombs every day. "Four to seven times a day there is airstrike alarms. "Some of those we ignore, although we shouldn’t. "But we expect it to take the course of Kharkiv which has been bombed in recent days, nobody knows what will happen next. READ MORE: North Korea nuclear warning: Alert after activity detected "It doesn’t look good." But Mr Stakhovsky is not the first Ukrainian sports star to take up arms against Vladimir Putin's troops. Unified heavyweight boxing champion Oleksandr Usyk, 35, urged Vladimir Putin to call off his invasion but soon after was joined by gold medal Olympic boxer Vasiliy Lomachenko, 34, on the frontline. Usyk, who defeated Anthony Joshua, 32, at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium back in September, told CNN last week: "If they will want to take my life or the lives of my close ones, I will have to do it." DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Putin invasion ruined as airport AND city 'retaken' [LIVE]Russia Z symbol meaning: Cult symbol has swept across Putin's Russia [REVEALED]Russia announces morning ceasefire after Putin speaks to Macron [INSIGHT] He also joined boxing brothers Vitali and Wladimir Klitschko in defending Ukraine. Vitali Klitschko, 50, who was elected Mayor of Kyiv for the first time in 2014, also told the US network: "We're ready to die for our home country and for our families because it's our home." His younger brother Wladimir 46, who has had notable bouts with both Anthony Joshua and 33-year-old WBC heavyweight champion Tyson Fury, has since described Russia's invasion of Ukraine as "senseless".