Matt Doherty could be set to finally show his worth under Tottenham Hotspur head coach Antonio Conte, one-and-a-half years after his £15million arrival from Wolves. Doherty has struggled since his move from the Midlands, but Conte's system could help him win sceptical fans over in the season's run-in. Jose Mourinho brought the 30-year-old to north London in 2020, but after years of impressing as a right-wing-back in a back-three formation, he was often left exposed in a back four. Nuno Espirito Santo's summer appointment sparked hope that they could rekindle their successful relationship at Molineux. But Nuno splashed £25million on Barcelona right-back Emerson Royal, limiting Doherty's opportunities before his sacking in November. The Republic of Ireland international has improved under Conte, deploying his favoured three-at-the-back system. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick 'has made mind up' about Cristiano Ronaldo He scored the opener and assisted Dejan Kulusevski five minutes later in Saturday's 4-0 rout at Leeds United, and Conte has heaped praise on his development and attitude during his stint in the dugout so far. He told reporters: "Doherty is another player that is improved. He has worked a lot. I like him because if he plays or doesn't play, he is committed, and his attitude is always at the top. "He understood that he can be an important part of this team with Emerson on the right, but Doherty can also play on the left. I was pleased to see him at this [high] level [against Leeds], also Ryan Sessegnon. "Now we have [also] recovered Sergio Reguilon. We are improving, and we are working hard. When there are defeats, we have to learn and continue to improve in many aspects." READ MORE: Ousmane Dembele sends message to Man Utd and Chelsea Conte reached the FA Cup finals in both of his previous full seasons in England with Chelsea, losing to Arsenal in 2017 before edging Manchester United in 2018 to add to his Premier League crown. And the Italian boss wants to enjoy similar joy in the competition with Tottenham and end the club's 14-year wait for silverware. "I was lucky to reach the final two years in a row," Conte reminisced about his past success at Spurs' London rivals. "I'd like to continue this tradition for Tottenham, my players, especially the fans and the club. [But] this trophy is not simple or easy." Doherty's fortunes could be turning under Conte, and Tottenham may not live to regret the £15m they spent on his services after a disappointing start to life at the club. Sessegnon also impressed against Leeds, setting up Doherty with a pinpoint cross at Elland Road. And now Conte will be confident he has two solid options at either wing-back position as he looks to guide Spurs to a top-four finish and FA Cup glory. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.