During recent years officials in Moscow and Beijing have enjoyed good relations with their leaders Vladimir Putin and Xi Jinping meeting as recently as the start of the previous month. Since a full-scale Russian invasion was launched into Ukraine, last week, China has remained one of the few world powers to pick a side in the ongoing war. Despite not condemning the Russian invasion China did attempt to distance itself somewhat from Moscow earlier this week. On Monday, a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry said the Sino-Russian relationship is one of "strategic partnership", adding the two nations are not "allies". In fact, China has underlined its "stance of neutrality" in one of the country’s leading state-run newspapers. Then, on Tuesday China’s Foreign Minister Wang Yi warned about the situation running out of control, during a phone call with his Ukrainian counterpart Dmytro Kuleba.  READ MORE: Boris Johnson threatened with sanctions by Chechnya After the call, Kyiv said Mr Wang “assured” Mr Kuleba of China’s “readiness to make every effort to end the war on Ukrainian soil through diplomacy”. While Mr Kuleba asked China “to use the level of relations between Beijing and Moscow to force Russia to stop its armed aggression against the Ukrainian people.” To date, China has abstained from two United Nations (UN) votes on Russia’s aggression, rather than joining the Kremlin’s bid to block them. The latest of these ballots took place on Wednesday where 141 out of 193 member countries voted to demand Russia's immediate withdrawal from Ukraine.  According to The Spectator World, one train of thought is that President Xi Jinping is “saving his diplomatic capital for when it can be employed to maximum effect”. Potentially, this point could come if and when a diplomatic settlement is discussed between the West and Russia, over the war in Ukraine. The publication argues that Russian President Vladimir Putin could make a “hostage” out of Ukraine - in the likely event that Russia wins the war - to draw favourable conditions from Western leaders. DON'T MISS: Lavrov issues chilling warning to West over nuclear war [NEWS]Putin left reeling as key ally Belarus refuses to join war [EXPLAINED]Russian soldiers head home on foot en masse [INSIGHT]  These would be: Theoretically, this would be in return for Ukraine not being absorbed into Russian territory and achieved by getting Ukrainians to implore the West to agree with Moscow’s demands. If the West did give into these conditions China may view it as an opportunity to employ similar tactics with an invasion of Taiwan.   Beijing views Taiwan as a breakaway province that will eventually be reunified with the mainland. Meanwhile, the US and several other western countries have verbally opposed what they view as Chinese provocation, with the US warning it will defend Taiwanese interests in the event of an attack. At the start of February Mr Putin and Mr Xi issued a joint statement outlining their agreement on a number of issues facing their respective countries. Within the statement, China said it agreed with Russia’s stance of opposing the greater expansion of NATO within Europe. 