Tamzin Outhwaite, 51, has taken to Twitter to express her “gratitude” for her partner’s efforts while she cares for her youngest daughter, who is currently ill. In a series of tweets, Tamzin paid tribute to her partner, Tom Child, 31, for helping out with a variety of chores with “a smile”. She also highlighted that Tom holds her daughter when she cries over her biological dad, her ex-husband Tom Ellis. The mum-of-two wrote: “Gratitude tweet. My youngest is ill. My schedule has been manic. “My love has done school runs, vet visits, made dinner, packed lunches, cleaned, dog walks, taken the car to mechanics,& generally lightened my load to the max, all with kindness & a smile. #teamworkmakesthedreamwork” She added: “For those saying ‘that’s a normal day’or ‘what every man does’, he also moved to the spare room so I can sleep with my 9 yr old to check her temp & give her meds.He holds her when she is sobbing ‘cos she misses her biological dad & then makes her laugh out loud. #dreamstepdad” In a separate tweet, Tamzin concluded: “My kids sometimes give him a hard time as that’s what kids do to step parents, but deep down they know he is kind, he cares and loves them deeply, and I know how lucky I am. #appreciationpost #stepparentgratitude” Fans of the former EastEnders star replied to her tweet as they agreed with her words and praised Tom’s attitude towards the relationship. Ushapall joked: “Sounds like you've certainly got a good one there... hold on to him tight. “If you hear of anyone remotely like him who is single pass him my way.” MaggiMcIntosh added: “He’s a keeper! Hope your wee one feels better soon.” LisaMarie_32 said: “Oh bless him! Got a good one there! “Hope the youngest gets better soon!” DON'T MISS‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Rod Stewart, 77, forced to fix nightmare potholes near his home [LATEST]Robbie Williams says he and wife have nowhere to live [NEWS] Tamzin is a mum to Florence, 13 and Marnie, 9, from her previous relationship with ex-husband Tom Ellis. She met her current partner outside of a London yoga studio four years ago. The couple just recently decided to take their relationship to the next level and move in together. She has previously spoken out on her relationship dynamics during an interview with The Sun. The actress stressed that she does not plan on having more children. She also revealed that she would eventually leave her boyfriend if he ever wanted to have children. Tamzin said: “He really doesn’t want kids but if he said, ‘Babe, I really want to have children’, then why would I stop him doing that?” She continued: “I’ve got two [children]. I’ve really got to keep my eye on the ball keeping these two well, alive and healthy. I’m not having any more. No way. I’m done.”