Chelsea have already begun "partially laying off" some of their staff, according to former Blues winger Pat Nevin. Chelsea were rocked by the news on Thursday morning that owner Roman Abramovich has had his assets frozen by the UK Government. The sanctions on the Russian billionaire are set to have big implications for the west London club. Chelsea are currently unable to sell any tickets or merchandise and cannot offer new contracts to players. Only supporters who are season ticket holders will be able to attend matches at Stamford Bridge. A reduced attendance is likely to have an impact on the staff needed on a match day. And Nevin says there have already been some who have been affected. JUST IN: Thomas Tuchel makes decision on leaving Chelsea as Man Utd show interest   "Considering whether people at the club can continue to be paid, I can tell you now that some of the people have been partially laid off already, so they will not be working," he told BBC Radio 5 Live. "If that happens with the stewarding, and they don't think they will be paid, do you think they will turn up? No, they won't and if they don't turn up you won't get a game on." Nevin is intrigued by how Chelsea will be able to cope financially following the restrictions applied on them. He continued: "I have run a club before, in Scotland, and I am really interested to see how the cashflow works if everything is frozen. DON'T MISSNeymar shares private conversation with Donnarumma after rumours of PSG bust-up [SOCIAL]Arsenal chief Edu decides on striker he will 'prioritise' signing in summer after PSG move [REPORT]What Chelsea's £20,000 travel cap means for Champions League fixtures [NEWS]  "Will the government allow a certain amount of cash flow out? What is the cash flow you have to allow out to pay wages every single week? "It is absolutely gigantic at Chelsea, especially if they are not allowed to make any money. "I am not arguing for them, I am just looking at what the legalities of it are. So that is difficult to imagine." Nevin spent five years as a Chelsea player between 1983 and 1988, making almost 200 league appearances for the club.  Despite Thomas Tuchel's side competing in both the FA Cup and Champions League, he says it will be hard for them to carry on as normal for the remainder of the season. "It sounds like a simple thing to do - carry on until the end of the season - when you look at the intricacies of it, it is much more complicated," Nevin said. "Yes, it is worrying about Chelsea fans or whoever cares about that club, but that is secondary. "This is happening for a reason - to send a message to Russia, and we all understand that."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here