Shane Warne died yesterday at the age of 52 of a suspected heart attack in Thailand. His ex Liz Hurley, 56, has not yet paid tribute to her former partner, but has taken to singer Sir Elton John's social media post to react to the tragic news. Elton posted a picture on his Instagram of himself, Shane, and Liz at an event together. He captioned the post in view of his 3.9 million followers: "A tragic day for Australian cricket. Two legends passing is heartbreaking. "I knew them both and played cricket with Rod in Perth. A very special and fearless man. "Shane was a magical bowler and such huge fun. They were both Australians through and through, which made them so endearing. READ MORE: 'Horrible, tragic' Martin Lewis bids farewell after worrying warning "My sympathies to their families and loved ones." Liz reacted to the post as she pressed the "like" button on it, along with 55,877 other Instagram users. Shane and Liz dated between 2010 and 2013, briefly getting engaged before calling it quits. During a recent interview with The Mirror, Shane admitted his feelings about the pair's relationship. He said: "I was more in love with Elizabeth than I'd realised I could be. "I miss the love we had. My years with Elizabeth were the happiest of my life." Shane's death was announced yesterday afternoon by his management. The statement read: "It is with great sadness that we advise that Shane Keith Warne passed away of a suspected heart attack in Koh Samui, Thailand today, Friday 4th March. DON'T MISS... Michael Douglas reflects on tragedy as he issues career update [UPDATE] Johnny Brown dead: Good Times actor, comedian and singer dies aged 84 [DEATH] James Martin details his mixed emotions of bidding farewell to home [COMMENT] "Shane was found unresponsive in his villa and despite the best efforts of medical staff, he could not be revived. "The family requests privacy at this time and will provide further details in due course." Just before his death, Shane had taken to his social media to pay tribute to compatriot Rod Marsh. He said: "Sad to hear the news that Rod Marsh has passed. "He was a legend of our great game and an inspiration to so many young boys and girls. "Sending lots and lots of love to Ros and the family. RIP mate." Tributes continue to flood social media to pay tribute to the late cricketer. Gary Lineker said on Twitter: "Terribly saddened and shocked to hear the news that Shane Warne has died. "The greatest spin bowler of all time. Can't quite believe it. RIP Shane." Piers added in his own post: "Absolutely devastated to hear that Shane Warne has died from a heart attack aged just 52. "He was a genius cricketer, a supreme entertainer, a fantastic bloke and a great loyal friend for many years. "Just gutting news. RIP Warnie, I loved every minute in your company."