Manchester United and Chelsea have been warned of paying over the odds for West Ham star Declan Rice. Both United and Chelsea have been long-term admirers of England international Rice. The midfielder has become a key figure for both club and country in recent seasons. Rice has a contract at West Ham until 2024 but has rejected offers of a renewal. In an interview with the Evening Standard this week, he claimed his desire to play in the Champions League is "urgent". The Hammers are among the contenders for the top four but both Arsenal and Tottenham have multiple games in hand over David Moyes' side. Former Spurs captain Michael Dawson was on this weekend's edition of Soccer Saturday. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag 'agreement' emerges as Man Utd explore appointing Ajax boss  He understood Rice's desire to play at the highest level but said clubs would have to spend up to £120million for his signature. But former Arsenal star Paul Merson disagreed that Rice was worth that much. "Every player at his age is going to want to strive to be as successful as he can," Dawson said. "He's made a rapid rise, he is sensational and he deserves to play in the Champions League, he does. DON'T MISSArsenal may have next Pires and Ljungberg and now just need to find their new Henry [OPINION]Liverpool boss Klopp may have given away who he wants to sign if Mane or Salah leave [QUOTES]Man Utd ‘have Ralf Rangnick consultancy doubts’ as Erik ten Hag advantage emerges [REPORT]  "He's got the quality, we've seen for England in the summer, we've seen what he does for West Ham. "West Ham are still fighting for that top four, they've got as good a chance as anyone else. "West Ham don't want to sell him, of course they don't, David Moyes doesn't want to sell him, but everyone's got a price. "You're going to be paying absolute top dollar but if I'm one of the so-called big teams in there, every single one of them, Man City, Man United, Liverpool, everyone - take him.  "You're going to have to pay probably £100m, £120m for him. Merse looked at me there as if to say 'he's that price?'. "It's a lot of money Merse, he's English, Harry Maguire went for £80m." Responding to Dawson, Merson said Rice does not have the goalscoring prowess for a midfielder like Frank Lampard did that would attract a fee of over £100m. "Declan Rice? That's a lot of money," Merson said.  "I like Declan Rice, don't get me wrong, I like him. "But £120m for someone who isn't giving you any goals is he? He's not giving you 15... he's not Frank Lampard. That's a lot of money that is." Rice has never scored more than two Premier League goals in a season. Meanwhile, Chelsea legend Lampard reached double figures in 10 successive campaigns during his time at Stamford Bridge.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here