 Today is Edward's birthday and the Queen's youngest son is set to celebrate as he turns 58 years old. While the royals tend to mark special occasions in private, the prince may be expecting a visit from Her Majesty, given that he lives right around the corner in Bagshot Park. It is known that the Earl of Wessex had close relationships with both of his parents — Edward was born at a time when the Queen was an experienced monarch and had more time to spend with her children, and Philip was particularly fond of the Earl and entrusted him with the legacy of his Duke of Edinburgh’s Award scheme.  Edward was doted on by his parents and has been described as the “apple of the Queen’s eye”. Born 16 years after Prince Charles, Edward had a very different relationship with his mother than his oldest brother. The Queen was more relaxed by the time Edward was born and seemingly integrated Edward into her role rather than leaving him with nannies. Edward also had a special connection with his father, who in an unprecedented decision, was present for the Earl’s birth.  JUST IN: 'I just can’t bear it' Charles breaks down in tears after heartbreaking refugee meeting  The Queen broke royal protocol by inviting her husband to join her in the delivery room for the birth of Edward. While it may seem normal now, back in 1964, it was much less common for the father to be at the mother’s side. According to Ingrid Seward in her book, 'My Husband and I: The Inside Story Of 70 Years Of Royal Marriage', the Queen was inspired after reading a women’s magazine. She wrote: "The Duke of Edinburgh was actually holding his wife's hand as their youngest was born on March 10, 1964. "The Queen, by then aged 37, had asked him to be there; she'd been keenly reading women's magazines that stressed the importance of involving fathers in childbirth and had become fascinated by the idea. "Thus Philip became the first royal father in modern history to witness the arrival of one of his children.  "Compassion comes from the Queen. And the duty and discipline comes from him, Philip." The Queen has recently made the permanent move from Buckingham Palace to Windsor Castle, having spent a lot of time there during the pandemic.  The move will put Her Majesty much closer to Edward and his family than she would have been in London. The Earl lives just 10 miles away with his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex and their two children — Lady Louise Windsor, 18, and James, Viscount Severn, 14. Her Majesty is believed to be very close with Edward’s children, with Louise sharing the Queen’s love for all things equine.  DON’T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Furious Meghan Markle fans slam William after 'ignorant remark' [LATEST]Prince Harry warned over Platinum Jubilee celebration decision with Queen: ‘May regret it’ [INSIGHT]Meghan & Harry’s subtle ‘physical clues’ to 'show fans their marriage is strong' unveiled [ANALYSIS]  Since Philip’s death in April 2021, the Wessexes have been well-placed to provide support to the Queen. Both Edward and Sophie were reported to have been a source of great comfort for the monarch as she mourned Philip. The Duke of Edinburgh’s funeral was held at the height of the UK's lockdown last April, which meant the service was greatly simplified and the guest list very limited. On March 29, a special memorial service will be held at Westminster Abbey to commemorate the life of Philip.  The service is an opportunity for more people to mark the remarkable life of the Royal Family's beloved patriarch. This year also marks the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, which will be celebrated all year, but particularly between June 2 and June 5. The Platinum Jubilee tour schedule sees the Earl and Countess of Wessex visit Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia and St Vincent and the Grenadines in a rare overseas tour for the Queen's youngest son.