The Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant in Ukraine, the largest of its kind in Europe, was on fire after coming under attack by Russian troops. Live feed from Zaporizhzhia nuclear power station showed flames at the site, with officials issuing dire warnings   Igor Murashov, head of the Nuclear Power Plant said: “Nuclear safety at the Zaporizhzhya NPP has been broken. “We are doing everything possible, but the fire is going on, firefighters are not allowed. “There are great risks. Fightings are going on at the plant. The reactors are in danger”. According to reports, the Ukrainian atomic energy ministry said that a generating unit at the plant had been hit. The plant has six nuclear reactors, making it the largest in Europe. It also produces around 25 percent of Ukraine's power.   Nuclear Power Plant spokesman Andrey Tuz said: “They bombed everything they could, including the reactor units and everything else." "A white car with representatives of the Russian military arrived to the plant." "It is now being decided whether we will negotiate with them.” Ukraine’s Foreign Minister said an explosion at the site would be “10 times worse than Chernobyl” and President Volodymyr Zelensky accused Russia of “nuclear terror” and wanting to repeat the 1986 disaster. Following the incident, Ukraine President Zelensky and US President Joe Biden held an emergency call. The White House said the POTUS joined President Zelenskyy in urging Russia to cease its military activities in the area and allow firefighters and emergency responders to access the site.  READ MORE:Two teenagers killed and two more seriously hurt in horror crash  The White House tweeted: “He [Biden] also spoke this evening with Under Secretary for Nuclear Security of the US Department of Energy and Administrator of the National Nuclear Security Administration to receive an update on the situation at the plant. “The President will continue to be briefed regularly.” Reacting to the incident, the mayor of Energodar, Dmytro Orlov, stated that there were injuries at the nuclear power plant of Zaporizhzhya. He said: “I have no information on the number of injuries but there are serious injuries. There is no possibility of taking them to hospital." The International Atomic Energy Agency Director General Rafael M Grossi spoke to Ukraine PM Denys Shmygal and with Ukrainian nuclear regulator and operator about the serious situation at Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant. He appealed for a halt of the use of force and warned of severe danger if reactors were hit. The IAEA confirmed that the Zaporizhzhya Nuclear plant is safe at the moment and at time of writing, no radiation leak has been observed.    DON'T MISS:Newsnight: ‘Frailties in Russian army’ EXPOSED by former US adviserTwo dead following horror crash on busy main roadRoyal Family LIVE: Kate urged to stop 'trying to be someone else' US Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm called the Russian military operation “reckless”. She tweeted: “I just spoke with Ukraine’s energy minister about the situation at the Zaphorizhizia nuclear plant. “Russian military operations near the plant are reckless and must cease. “ENERGY has activated its Nuclear Incident Response Team and is monitoring events in consultation with @DeptofDefense @NRCgov and the White House. “We have seen no elevated radiation readings near the facility. “The plant’s reactors are protected by robust containment structures and reactors are being safely shut down.” The Ukrainian Canadian Congress that represents the Ukrainian Canadian community before the people and Government of Canada issued a statement on the incident. It read: “The Russian army shelled a nuclear power plant near Zaporizhzhia, Ukraine. There are 6 nuclear reactors at the Enerhodar plant. “Russia is committing systematic crimes against humanity and attempting to carry out a genocide against the Ukrainian people. “Russia now threatens the world with nuclear disaster and unimaginable devastation. The depravity and evil of the Russian regime are limitless. “The world must react strongly NOW to this global danger. “It is long past time that Ukraine’s allies implement and enforce a no-fly zone over Ukrainian airspace and isolate Russia completely from the global economy and community of nations. “Russia’s attack on a nuclear power plant must be a wake-up call to the international community.” 