Prince Harry and Meghan Markle stepped down from their roles as senior working royals two years ago. The royal couple left the Firm for a life in the US. They now reside in Montecito, California with their two children — Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana. Ahead of their exit, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex spent an extended Christmas break in Canada.Their absence from Christmas at Sandringham, known to be a very important event for the Royal Family, was said to have been disappointing for the Queen and Philip.Richard Kay, royal expert and columnist told the 2022 Channel 5 documentary ‘Harry & Meghan Vs The Monarchy’: “Christmas is a very, very important part in the Queen’s calendar. She likes to draw her family around her.“She and Prince Philip were getting older. They knew that there wouldn’t be too many more Christmases and they must have been disappointed.” After Christmas, Harry and Meghan didn't return to live in the UK.Instead, Meghan and Harry announced their exit from the Royal Family in the new year.Relationship psychologist Anjula Muntanda suggested that the Sussexes may have wanted to remove themselves from a situation that they found “difficult and painful”.Speaking about the couple’s six-week break, Ms Muntanda said: “What you do sometimes, psychologically for yourself, is you remove yourself from a situation that you find difficult and painful, and put yourself in a space that you feel might be more nurturing and safe and secure.” December 2020 marked the last Christmas the Royal Family would get to spend with Prince Philip.The Duke of Edinburgh died at the age of 99 in April last year.His funeral was the first time Harry returned to the UK following his exit — the Duke of Sussex has returned once since then to unveil a statue of his late mother, Princess Diana.  Earlier this month, it emerged that Harry won’t be returning for the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service. DON'T MISS: 'They're getting cross!' Prince William and Kate in stitches after awkward photo moment [LATEST]Kate Middleton and Prince William’s horror as plane once caught in ‘heavy thunderstorms’ [INSIGHT]Royal poll: Are Commonwealth countries waiting for Queen to die to oust royals? [ANALYSIS] The decision was tweeted by Omid Scobie, the author of 'Finding Freedom', who added that Harry was hopeful he could be reunited with his grandmother, the Queen, in due course.He tweeted: "A spokesperson for the Sussexes confirms that Prince Harry will not be returning to the UK for the Service of Thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip on March 29."He does, however, hope to visit the Queen as soon as possible."Her Majesty has significantly scaled back her public appearances in recent months, so her attendance at Prince Philip's memorial service hangs in the balance. However, seven of the most senior members of the Royal Family are expected to attend the service at Westminster Abbey, including Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall.Some 500 guests from Prince Philip's charities and patronages will also be attending the poignant ceremony which will pay tribute to Philip's life and work.Although the spokesperson did not give a reason for Harry’s absence from the service on Tuesday, it comes as the Duke is involved in a legal battle with the Home Office over a decision not to allow him to pay for police protection for his family while in the UK.Harry’s legal representatives claim he “inherited a security risk at birth, for life” which necessitated the need for such security measures. They said: “In absence of such protection, Prince Harry and his family are unable to return home.”The Duke has said he wants to bring family across when he makes the journey from California to London, but does not “feel safe” to do so without police protection. Archie, two, has not returned to the UK since the Sussexes’ departure, while Lilibet, who was born in June, has never visited her father’s home country. The Queen is yet to meet the youngest Sussex child in-person, despite reports claiming that she is desperate to be introduced. Royal author Brian Hoey told the Express.co.uk this month that the Queen is “desperate” to meet Lilibet in person.He said: "I have heard from people I know within the royal household, she really would desperately like to see the baby in this way."I think she would love to, I wonder whether it is going to happen, I would love to think it could.”