There is nothing grey left, just  a fight between right and wrong. That’s one reason why sanctions against Russia have been so widely implemented. Even some of those nations that try to keep their heads down and avoid taking a stand could see with piercing clarity how vital it is that Russia suffers consequences from its attempt to rub Ukraine off the map. But there remain outliers – such as Pakistan and India, who put short-term economic interests above the rule of law, and refused to act against Russia. Their behaviour is a lesson we need to learn from. They must realise there is a price to be paid for their decisions. Huge as India is, however, it does not of itself threaten the coalition’s success against Russia. It has no desire to be feared as a global superpower. Its focus is overwhelmingly domestic; it doesn’t want to suffer from the sanctions, and sees a chance to gain an advantage by trading with Russia. There is, however, one country that refused to join the sanctions coalition, whose next moves will be critical in determining how the invasion of Ukraine pans out. That is, of course, China. Beijing has effectively stood by and watched, though that’s not necessarily a bad thing. As a member of the UN Security Council, it could have vetoed resolutions against Russia. Instead, it abstained, leaving Vladimir Putin’s brutal state isolated and having to quash resolutions itself. Indeed there were reports when Russia’s invasion began, the Chinese were irked by Putin’s behaviour, not least because they had been given no prior knowledge and believed he was bluffing. But two factors are coming to a head that will force China to decide which side it is on. And the consequences of that decision will likely shape the future not just of Ukraine but also of the course of this century – and the future of the planet itself. Yesterday,  Jake Sullivan, the US national security adviser, met China’s top diplomat Yang Jiechi in Rome. He had already warned that if China attempted to help Russia work around sanctions there  would “absolutely be consequences”. As he put it, “we have communicated to Beijing that we will not stand by and allow any country to compensate Russia for its losses from the economic sanctions.” Russia has in turn denied reports in recent days that it has asked China to give it weapons to use in Ukraine. Relations with China have long been one of the key geopolitical issues of our time. Its growing wealth has enabled it to push a kind of imperialism by consent (though there was no consent in Hong Kong or from the Uighurs) through its Belt and Road initiative. China is dominant in Africa. In the US, it owns $1.5trillion in shares and government bonds, as well as vast amounts of land and buildings. And right as we are to focus at last on the influence of Russian oligarchs in the UK, the problem of Chinese influence on our institutions is far bigger and worse in scale. If China helps Russia overcome sanctions – or even gives it weapons – it will make certain what has been looking increasingly obvious for some time: that the world is divided into two blocs, the  West and Russia/China. Ukraine will thus be a fight not just between Russia and the West but a proxy war between the two global blocs. That is an even more terrifying prospect than some of those floated to date. The West’s weakness in Afghanistan, Crimea and Syria sent Putin a message we would also be weak over Ukraine. Hard-hitting as the sanctions have been, our repeated statements that we will not join the fight in Ukraine, so long as Russian forces leave Nato alone, are surely seen as weakness by a dictator such as Putin. It would be an even worse catastrophe if the Chinese now draw the same lesson and imagine they can carry on acting with impunity. We need China to conclude beyond doubt that it has more to gain from distancing itself from Putin than from any tactical victory by joining forces with him over Ukraine. These are totemic times. Decisions made in the coming days  will affect the world for decades. And while the truth is none of us knows what those decisions will be, we can only hope China will draw back from giving support for Putin.