 Moon Knight is the new Disney+ Marvel series that follows the life of a mild-mannered gift-shop employee, who is plagued by blackouts and memories of another life. As fans delve into the new comic book based TV show, many are keen to know more about its lead actor Oscar Isaac and his personal life. Who is the Marvel actor married to? Express.co.uk has everything you need to know.    Marvel fans can now see Oscar in Moon knight where he stars as Steven Grant. The series follows Steven’s adventures as he discovers he has dissociative identity disorder. Uncovering more about his troubles, Steven soon realises he shares a body with mercenary Marc Spector. Viewers may also recognise Oscar for his roles in Dune, X-Men: Apocalypse, and the most recent Star Wars trilogy. READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith  Oscar’s other half also works in the world of showbiz, but has a role behind the camera. The actor’s wife is Danish screenwriter and film director Elvira Lind. The couple tied the knot in March of 2017 and have two children called Eugene and Mads.   In an interview in 2018, Oscar opened up about his marriage, insisting there were “tons of reasons” for him and Elvira to wed. “She's Danish - she’s not a citizen, and she was very pregnant, and there was an element of figuring out, ‘Well, where are we going to be?’ And us wanting to be a family unit a bit more. “Also, the Danes, they don't really believe in marriage. I think it has a lot to do with the equality of the sexes over there. “Marriage doesn't mean anything financially, because the state takes care of people. So the marriage itself becomes less important. DON'T MISS...Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker should be replaced by Tim Peake [MUST SEE]Lorraine baffled by Queen's decision to put Andrew front and centre [WATCH]Martin Lewis skewers Raab over ‘desperate’ cost of living crisis [UPDATE]  "But, you know, at the time, right before it happened, my mom was ill, and so I saw her carrying my child, bathing my sick mom. “Seeing her do that, I just thought, ‘I want to be with this person forever and ever’, and I just wanted to take that extra step as well. “So my mom passed in February and we got married in March and our son was born in April. “It was a wild year,” the Marvel actor confessed to GQ.    One of Elvira’s most recent projects was a short comedy-drama film called The Letter Room. Elvira wrote and directed the 30 minute film that tells the story of a kind-hearted prison officer who is transferred to the letter room and soon gets involved in an inmate's personal affairs. The movie also saw her team up with her husband Oscar as he starred in the leading role. Moon Knight is available to stream now on Disney+. 