Astrologists believe that each sign of the zodiac has unique characteristics which make them who they are. This is how to win over a Capricorn, and what to avoid. Serial monogamists by nature, Capricorn is unafraid of commitment. And this sign isn’t the type to run when things get tough; in fact, Capricorn “knows, expects, and even relishes the tough parts of relationships”. One thing to beware of, however, is Capricorn’s readiness to spend all their time with their partners, in turn neglecting their own needs, as well as their (other) loved ones. Partners of Capricorn, it is your task to help Capricorn find a balance between their love life and the rest of it – even if you may want to spend all your time together too. After all, independence is key. READ MORE: Horoscopes: Gemini has 'useful' trait in love but must 'stop worrying' However, there’s nothing wrong with a little intensity, and this is something that’s absolutely promised to partners of Capricorn. Horoscope.com stated: “Although they can be cautious in every other aspect of their lives, they are the sign who is likely to fall deeply in love with someone, and it’s not unusual for a Capricorn to get married after only several months of dating.” Those who are in a relationship with Capricorn should be aware that this sign is fiercely “loyal” and won’t let their partner down – so they will be expecting the same from their lover. Partners also need to have an open attitude towards communication and problem solving, as Capricorn isn’t afraid of therapy “if their relationship needs help”. With Capricorn by your side, you should be able to “approach problems as a bump in the road, capable of fixing with honesty, trust, and hard work from both partners”. Capricorn likes to keep date nights “classic and classy”, and is “turned off by lack of plans”. A word to the wise: “Showing up for a date with dirty sneakers and a “I guess we could go here” attitude turns them off.” Instead, turn up together at “elegant cocktail bar” – think “old school glamour” – but ensure there’s a table booked first. Once the honeymoon period is over, Capricorn “may prefer to stay at home on date nights”. “They tend to love cooking, and a well-made meal, a bottle of wine, and a movie can be the perfect night for Capricorn,” suggested horoscope.com. This highly intelligent sign is used to managing others and making decisions, so getting the chance to unwind is a real treat for them. Those who love a Capricorn woman: “Be your best self. “A Capricorn woman loves to see a partner who is continually striving to be the best person they can be, and wants their partner to also push them. “If you date a Capricorn woman, know she doesn’t “need” you, and when she chooses to spend time with you, she has plenty of other things she could have done.” As for a Capricorn man, they “may seem pretty straightforward, but he has a lot of layers—if you’re lucky enough to uncover them. “It’s important to learn his love language and coach him on yours—a Capricorn man will want to learn, but may need some help knowing how he can support you". Capricorn makes a fantastic partner, as they are “loyal, honest, and committed to family and partnership” – so other signs, listen up, particularly love matches Taurus, Virgo and Pisces.