Andy Murray made a dig at the Conservative government and Prime Minister Boris Johnson after the 2022 Spring Statement on Wednesday. The former world No 1 is currently competing in the Miami Open, where he is set to face Federico Delbonis on Thursday.    Murray took to Twitter on Wednesday to make a joke at Boris Johnson's expense after Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced the 2022 Spring budget. The 34-year-old has previously taken aim at the government, including last year when he slammed them for a "pathetic" pay rise for NHS workers. He is currently in Miami for the second of the two 'Sunshine Double' Masters 1000s and is hoping to end his streak of five consecutive second-round losses, stretching back to the Australian Open. But he will have a tough time making it further at the Miami Open, as he would meet top seed Daniil Medvedev in round two if he can beat Delbonis in his opener on Thursday. While enjoying his day off in Miami, the three-time Grand Slam champion noticed a comment Sunak had made earlier in the day and was quick to call out the Conservatives on social media. "Only the Conservatives can be trusted with public money," the Chancellor was quoted saying. JUST IN: Serena Williams gives retirement update after shock Barty announcement  "Lol," the current world No 85 simply started with. "Didn’t the conservative prime minister spend 10s of thousands of tax payers money on gold wallpaper that keeps falling down?" Murray continued, adding a laughing-crying Emoji. The 46-time title winner referred to the costly refurbishment of the Prime Minister's flat above 11 Downing Street, which totalled around £112,000 - way above the £30,000 Johnson receives to maintain and furnish his residence. Dominic Cummings, Johnson's former aide, had accused the PM of receiving private, undisclosed loans and payments from "donors" to refurbush the flat in 2020, which included “massively expensive” gold wallpaper that kept peeling and curling off. DON'T MISSOsaka speaks out on heckling incident for first time after Miami winDraper sets up all-British Miami clash with Norrie as Raducanu watchesEmma Raducanu outlines bold plan for prolonging tennis career  Murray will be back in action headlining the Miami Open night session at 7pm local time. He has reunited with his former coach Ivan Lendl and will remain in Miami after the tournament for a training block with the eight-time Grand Slam champion. Lendl previously worked with the Brit from 2011-2014 and 2016-2017, with him for his three Grand Slam titles, two Olympic gold medals and his ascent to world No 1.