The Formula 1 paddock had a mixed reaction following the sacking of FIA race director Michael Masi ahead of the upcoming 2022 campaign, according to former driver Stefan Johansson. Masi was embroiled in controversy at the 2021 season finale in Abu Dhabi, where Max Verstappen prevailed as champion on the very final lap. It was Lewis Hamilton who held a comfortable lead in the latter stages, until a crash from the lowly Nicholas Latifi saw a safety car deployed. Following this, Masi contentiously instructed a number of lapped cars between leader Hamilton and Verstappen to overtake the safety car, leaving the leading two in the title race almost neck and neck. Despite holding an 11-second lead over Verstappen, Hamilton went on to play a one-lap title decider following the call, which the Dutchman went on to win thanks to a set of fresh tyres. JUST IN: Toto Wolff's 'significant' Mercedes fears answered by Andretti - 'Keep it interesting'  The finish led to uproar from Hamilton’s Mercedes camp and many in the wider F1 world, with Masi being blamed of ‘robbing’ the Englishman of a record eighth title. The controversy was then looked into by the powers that be, after the FIA produced a full inquiry into the finish in Abu Dhabi, which proved costly for race official Masi. The report led to the Australian being sacked from his post, and he was replaced by two new officials in Niels Wittich and Eduardo Freitas - who will alternate the race director role in 2022. The decision has however apparently split opinion in the F1 paddock, but Johansson believes this comes down to ‘personal relationships’. DON'T MISSFIA receive request to cancel Nikita Mazepin's licence over Russia's Ukraine invasionF1 fans back Russian GP cancellation after Ukraine invasion and demand long-term actionFour drivers who could replace Nikita Mazepin if he is dropped by Haas On Johansson's personal website he said: “I’m glad they did it. "There seems to be mixed feelings in the F1 paddock, but I have the feeling that comes down more to what personal relationship some people had with him, rather than looking objectively at the job he did since he took on the role." The former McLaren and Ferrari man also seems to be a fan of the appointment of Wittich and Freitas. He continued: “I haven’t had any experience with Wittich but I’ve done countless races with Freitas and he’s very good.  “I can’t really recall any controversy over any of his decisions. “He’s very clear in the driver’s briefings, as a driver you have a very clear understanding what you can and can’t do before the races start. “He gets the job done and I think he’s a very good choice.”