Arsenal are set to prioritise the signing of Lille striker Jonathan David this summer, according to reports. It is claimed French giants Paris Saint-Germain have cooled their interest in the player, who wants to leave Lille. But Arsenal are still set to face some competition, with Liverpool another English club interested in David. Arsenal could be in desperate need for at least one new striker this summer. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are both out of contract at the end of the season. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang left in January so Mikel Arteta faces the prospect of having no senior frontmen in his first-team squad. David is one of a host of forwards to be linked with the Gunners. JUST IN: Manchester United's next manager told the first signing he needs to make this summer  Dusan Vlahovic was a top target in January but he instead decided to join Juventus. Everton's Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Real Sociedad's Alexander Isak are on the list of targets for Arsenal's technical director Edu. But it appears David is very much near the top of that list. French outlet Le10Sport claims Arsenal are prioritising the signing of the 22-year-old. DON'T MISSWhat Chelsea's £20,000 travel cap means for Champions League fixtures [NEWS]Rio Ferdinand and Gary Lineker in full agreement on Karim Benzema as Real Madrid stun PSG [REACTION]Harry Kane tells Tottenham team-mates he will snub Man Utd and Man City on two conditions [TRANSFERS]  David's relationship with Lille is not what it was and he is keen on a move away. The Canada international has 13 goals in 27 Ligue 1 appearances so far this season. He has netted three times in the Champions League this term ahead of the last-16 second leg at home to Chelsea next week. Le10Sport says David dreams of a move to England and Arsenal and Liverpool are the clubs best positioned to sign him.  Liverpool's need for a player like David is not as immediate as the Gunners'. The form of Diogo Jota at centre-forward this season has been a surprise to many. The Reds also strengthened their attack in January with the signing of Luis Diaz. Arsenal may be able to convince David that he would get more regular game time at the Emirates than at Anfield.  PSG are interested in the forward but Le10Sport says sporting director Leonardo does not view him as a priority. New York-born David joined Lille from Belgian side Gent in 2020. He has 20 goals in his 27 caps for Canada to date. There is no mention of how much Arsenal would have to pay for David.  He still has almost three-and-a-half years remaining on his contract. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta confirmed last week that his priority will be to sign a striker this summer. "We need one who puts the ball in the net, that's priority number one," Arteta said. "Any successful team needs enough goal threat in the squad."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here