Denise (played by Diane Parish) is currently unaware her daughter Chelsea (Zaraah Abrahams) has been abused by Gray Atkins (Toby-Alexander Smith) for months on EastEnders. The mother of one has been doting on her premature son, Jordan, at the hospital since she gave to him in the New Year and was left horrified when she discovered her husband had kidnapped him as he planned to flee Walford. By the end of Wednesday night's episode of the BBC soap, things weren't looking too good for Chelsea after her spouse confessed to killing his first wife, Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plummer). But as a shocking turn of events sees at least one character leaving the show, little Jordan could end up with no parents. The scene looked reminiscent of Chantelle's death in Wednesday night's episode as Chelsea almost tripped onto an open dishwasher where the knives were pointing upwards. During Thursday night's episode, her husband Gray will go on the run as the police begin to put the pieces of the puzzle together. This could come after he kills his second wife and, following a dramatic set of episodes, the residents of Walford will be left horrified by the time next week comes around. It seems the Fox family will be at the centre of the drama as Denise, along with her sister Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) and Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker) will be affected. A synopsis reads they will be left shocked by some news and this could be baby Jordan is now parentless, having lost both his parents. READ MORE: Coronation Street twist as Phill Whittaker's secret unveiled? It would not be negotiable Jordan is going to go into care or be adopted by another family as he is part of the Fox clan. Although she only recently got her own son back, having given up Raymond Dawkins (Michael Jose Pomares Calixte) when he was born, Denise could be willing to step up to the plate. Heartbroken over losing Chelsea, Jordan would be the only thing she will have of her daughter left and will want to hold on to him tight. Realising just how wrong she was about Gray, she would not want her grandson to have anything to do with the Atkins or Taylor families. Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) could try to make her see they have enough on their hands already with three young children. However, this is the sword Denise could be willing to die on as there is no way anyone else is going to raise her grandson. As the process of adoption begins and with no exact plan put in place as to who would take guardianship if Chelsea and Gray weren't able to hold the role, it could take longer than expected. For months, Denise might have to fight to prove she is worthy of adopting her grandson, regardless of her past in giving up Raymond. The authorities would scrutinise every single thing about Denise's role as a mother as Jordan would be coming from a home where abuse had taken place. They would want to ensure he would be given the best care possible and would not be at risk of being put in more danger. DON'T MISS...Tamzin Outhwaite left 'in tears' over Liverpool's tribute to Ukraine [COMMENT]Danny Dyer health: Star on mental health 'struggle' and Covid fear [COMMENT]Martin Kemp health: Star, 60, on medication for 'rest of his life' [COMMENT] Having finally got his head around the idea of being a father to Jordan, Jack could tell the authorities he is going to be part of the process. With his role within the police department, he could state he is a respected member of the community and would ensure no harm came to Jordan. If Gray is sent to prison, rather than being killed off, he could also make an application for whoever adopts his son allows him to maintain contact with him. Denise would make it very clear to the authorities she would not be bowing to the whim of a serial killer and especially not one who took his daughter's life. As the case comes to a conclusion, will Denise finally get the chance to be a mother again or will she lose the final part of Chelsea forever? The actor who plays Gray, Toby-Alexander, has spoken out on the trajectory his character took after originally being part of a domestic abuse plot with Chantelle. After he killed his wife, Gray went on to kill two more characters and it seems he could murder again before his time comes to an end. There has been a huge backlash to this storyline, with viewers claiming the show has gone too far by taking Gray away from his origins on the show. Addressing this, the soap star said: "While we obviously deal with very sensitive storylines there also have to be moments that are slightly more heightened and more dramatic. "For me it was just about trying to find the truth in those moments, trying to keep Gray on the same kind of narrative and not let it veer too far from what’s been playing with the Gray and Chantelle storyline." Understanding the audience's point of view, Toby-Alexander added: "I think ultimately it’s meant that we can explore more of Gray’s character and the longer Gray stayed in the Square. "It’s just a constant reminder of what he’s done and the fact is I’m still getting messages now from people saying they’re getting out of abusive relationships because of the Gray storyline. "That’s a year and a half after the Gray and Chantelle storyline ended and people are still resonating with it and it’s still affecting people," he told Metro.co.uk. There are a number of Walford residents out for his blood but as the walls creep further inwards, will any of them silence him for good? EastEnders continues tonight at 7:30pm on BBC One.