The Duchess of Cambridge looked stunning as she boarded the couple's flight from Belize to Jamaica on Tuesday. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will land in Jamaica to carry on with their royal tour of the Caribbean, after spending a number of days in Belize.  The trip will last a little over a week, with the couple's final stop being the Bahamas. The tour is part of the Royal Family's celebrations of Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee year. Kate and William visited Mayan ruins during their stay in Belize, as well as meeting prominent politicians and community leaders. They visited the British Army Training Support Unit, and got to grips with key survival skills for tropical jungles.   But Kate stole the show at a special reception, donning a pink shimmering gown by British designer The Vampire's Wife. She paired the £2,500 dress with shiny silver sandals as she arrived with Prince William, who was smartly dressed in a navy blazer. Earlier in the day, the duke and duchess visited the ancient Mayan site at Caracol, marvelling at the spectacular views of the jungle. The temple at the ancient archaeological site in western Belize is estimated to be 3,000 years old. READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' However, the Duke and Duchess were forced to cancel a trip to a village in Belize that was scheduled to mark the start of their Caribbean tour as local residents protested against their arrival. The royal couple was set to visit the Akte’il Ha cacao farm in Indian Creek, but a dispute between Flora and Fauna International - of which Prince William is a patron - and residents of the Toledo district led to the trip being axed. The Duke and Duchess’s helicopter was scheduled to land on a football field in the area. Sebastian Shol, chair of Indian Creek village, told the Daily Mail: “We don’t want them to land on our land, that’s the message that we want to send. DON'T MISS: Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward's £30million home is near Queen [INSIGHT] Royal LIVE: Queen urged to make 'unthinkable' move ' [LIVE] New portraits of Duchess Kate displayed publicly for the first time [REVEAL]  “They could land anywhere, but not on our land.” A Kensington Palace spokesperson said: “We can confirm that due to sensitive issues involving the community in Indian Creek, the visit has been moved to a different location. Further details will be provided in due course.” The Belize government added: “Indian Creek was one of several sites being considered. Due to issues in the village, the government of Belize activated its contingency planning and another venue has been selected to showcase Maya family entrepreneurship in the cacao industry.”  The eight-day tour of the Caribbean is the first trip abroad for Duke and Duchess since the beginning of the Covid pandemic. However, a group of politicians, activists, musicians and business leaders based in Jamaica signed an open letter that called on the monarchy to apologise for slavery and pay reparations. The letter said: “We see no reason to celebrate 70 years of the ascension of your grandmother to the British throne because her leadership, and that of her predecessors, has perpetuated the greatest human rights tragedy in the history of humankind.” The letter, penned by the group known as the Advocates Network, called William and Kate “direct beneficiaries of the wealth accumulated by the Royal Family over centuries”.  They added the Duke and Duchess should seek to “redefine the relationship between the British monarchy and the people of Jamaica”. The group protested outside the British High Commission in Kingston on Tuesday. William and Kate will touch down in Jamaica to receive an official welcome, before meeting Governor-General of Jamaica, Sir Patrick Linton Allen.