The Conservatives gathered in Blackpool for the first time since 2007 this week to address delegates at the Winter Gardens’ Spring Conference, as they continue efforts to build on the “red wall” of seats in northern England they won from Labour in 2019. The two-day conference will draw to a close today following the discussion of a number of pressing issues. From "doing even more" for Ukraine and a new energy strategy to help mitigate the rising costs of living, Express.co.uk compiles a list of some of the key discussion points raised during the conference. Prime Minister Boris Johnson pledged to do “everything possible” to help with the rising cost of living crisis. Mr Johnson promised “colossal” investment in green energy, vowing to use the UK’s fast coronavirus vaccine rollout as motivation to build more wind farms in a bid to produce alternative power forms. This pledge followed Mr Johnson’s earlier statement that Britain needed to protect itself from international energy price rises, which he said were currently being intentionally fuelled by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. He said: "If we're going to deal with the biggest cost that families now face and tackle these rising fuel bills - the energy spike - we must take the bold steps necessary to end our dependence on Putin's oil and gas. "And that is what we are doing. In the immortal phrase, it is time to take back control of our energy supplies. "After years of short-termism and hand-to-mouth solutions, we are setting up a British energy security strategy and we will make better use of our own naturally occurring hydrocarbons rather than import them for top dollar from abroad." READ MORE: Tax calculator: Everything YOU need to know as cost of living soars   To do this, Mr Johnson said he wanted to build more offshore wind farms and make other investments in clean, green power, paid for by international investors. Chancellor Rishi Sunak reiterated the Prime Minister’s pledge to alleviate rising living costs, saying he would do what he can to help people in the spring statement but admitted factors like global inflation are “somewhat out of my control”. A new energy strategy is due to be published in the coming weeks. Boris Johnson told the Blackpool conference Russian President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine was motivated by a fear of having a free, democratic nation as his neighbour. The Prime Minister said: “With every year that Ukraine progressed – not always easily – towards freedom and democracy and open markets, he feared the Ukrainian example and he feared the implicit reproach to himself.” He continued “We are talking continuously, Liz [Truss], Ben [Wallace] and I, to our colleagues in the Ukraine support group to discuss what more we can do. And those conversations are literally every day and there will be more.” He said he was “proud” of what the UK did on sanctions, adding: “We must sanction more banks and individuals than any other European country…there is, of course, a cost to all these actions - of course there is.  “But the cost of doing nothing will be far higher.” Foreign Secretary Liz Truss supported the Prime Minister saying: “Britain has stepped up, now we must do even more. “[Vladimir] Putin must lose in Ukraine, and with Britain at the forefront we willensure he does.” Priti Patel defended visa security decisions for Ukraine refugees, as the Government refuses to suspend security checks on people escaping Ukraine despite urges to do so. Ms Patel said: “Times of conflict, my friends, emphasises our need to remain watchful. “I know from the briefings I receive from the intelligence and security services that instability around the world brings with it greater threats." She added: “The truth is that a very small number of people can wreak utter havoc and Russia has a history of covert, hostile activity.” Anne-Marie Trevelyan, secretary of state for international trade, told the conference she had closed a trade deal struck with Australia, which could boost the north-west economy by £190million.  DON'T MISS: Heating: Britons are warned against using popular DIY radiator hack [EXPLAINED]Unpaid carers face financial stress despite DWP benefit rise [INSIGHT]Boris savages Sturgeon over Scottish independence plot [ANALYSIS]    She said “2022 is set to be a very busy year as the Government seeks to negotiate the next tranche of trade deals to boost all parts of our economy." Additional trade deals include those with Israel, Canada, Mexico and India, as well as the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Nadhim Zahawi, secretary of state for education, said: “We are upping teachers' salaries to make sure we keep those great teachers delivering on our manifesto commitments.” Teachers should now see a starting salary of £30,000. Crackdown on low-quality university courses and “cancel culture” Michelle Donnelan, minister for higher and further education said: “I'm cracking down on low-quality courses, the ones where universities are only interested in getting bums on seats, no matter the quality of the course.” She also unveiled plans to 'turbocharge' apprenticeships and roll out T-levels, the technical equivalent of A levels.  Ms Donnelan said: “We're setting up 21 new institutes of technology including one in Blackpool where people can study advanced technical education using industry-standard equipment, which will be the gold standard of technical education." A new free speech bill is also due to be taken through Parliament, which will give powers to fine universities or student unions that 'indulge in a cancel culture.' Ms Donnelan said free speech in universities has been threatened by “cancel culture”. Grant Shapps, secretary of state for transport, told the conference the Government is continuing to push forward with its transport plan. The plan includes the financing of 4,000 clean buses, spending £24billion on roads, and £96billion on railways, which could slash journey times between London and Midlands, and North Manchester to London to just over an hour, making Britain 'one cohesive unit.' He also confirmed that COVID-19 restrictions on international travel have now been removed. 