Lewis Hamilton, 37, is reportedly a single man after representatives for model Camila Kendra, 23, denied they were ever in a relationship. It had been reported he was dating Camila and their romance "cooled off", but her team has denied this was ever the case.  Camila and Lewis had been pictured together last year. A source told The Sun that their "relationship" had “cooled off now”. There are also suggestions Camila is no longer following the F1 driver on Instagram. The source said: "She was staying at his home in Colorado and although they had been pals for many years, Camila developed feelings for him and it became more romantic. READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him  "It's cooled off now though and Camila is no longer with Lewis. “She's stopped following him on Instagram too. “Her mates thought they would make a great couple but it clearly wasn’t to be and they’re no longer as close as they were.” Express.co.uk has contacted Lewis’ reps for comment.   This came after fans claimed she had been posting pictures inside Lewis’ home last year. Some eagle-eyed followers noticed she was wearing one of his shirts in a post from August 2021. Others claimed to recognise one of Lewis’ trophies in another snap she posted. However, at the time the pair never confirmed they were dating, and her representatives have now insisted they are only friends. DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart [INSIGHT]Joan Collins, 88, stuns in gown as she marks milestone with husband [PICTURES]'Are you kidding me?' Salma Hayek calls out Michael Keaton at SAGs [VIDEO]   A source told The Sun then: "They've been friends for a few years. That's why she's staying at his house and wearing his shirt." A representative for Camila told Express.co.uk: "[Camila's] main focus is her professional modeling career. "Ikon Management as her manager have her signed to Elite Miami, Next London and The Industry in LA & New York. "Lewis and Camila are friends only. Not romanticly linked in any way ever. They are 'Friends', only." Lewis has dated several famous stars over the years, including an eight-year romance with singer Nicole Scherzinger. The pair first began dating in 2007 before confirming their split in 2015.  Lewis has previously opened up about the strain long distance can have on relationships. He said in 2019: "It's similar to most sportsmen and women. "It may be slightly different in that we are travelling as much as we are, and you are just away for crazy amounts of time." Lewis added: "So that's probably an additional weight that makes it really, really tough to hold down a good relationship, and if things aren't quite perfect. "In general for athletes, having the right mindset and trying to find the right balance of how dedicated you are as opposed to resting back and enjoying your quality time, it's different for everyone." 