Gardening guru Lizzie Fox runs The Rose Press Garden, a seed and bulb subscription business. She advised Britons to mulch their gardens this spring. Lizzie, who shares how-to videos, tips, and garden inspiration on her Instagram @therosepressgarden, said: "Mulching borders in autumn and early spring can really help reduce weeds." Lizzie, who shares her expert gardening tips on her Instagram account @therosepressgarden, told Express.co.uk: "Mulching is adding a thick layer (five to 10cm) of organic matter to borders. "This helps improve the soil texture and structure, as well as suppressing weeds." There are a number of types of matter you can use as a mulch. They include: READ MORE: ‘Perfect’ baking powder solution to kill weeds on your path, patio or drive A good time to mulch the garden is mid to late spring. This is because weeds will be growing more fervently in the soil as it warms up slightly. Some gardeners also mulch in the water, after the ground has frozen, to support newly planted plants survive the colder wealth. DON'T MISSHow to get rid of weeds: Mark Lane's DIY leaf mould remedy [RECIPE]'No-dig' gardening expert on weeds: Method promotes 'essential' environment [EXPERT]  How to grow dahlias: Flowers are 'extremely sensitive' [INSIGHT] Mulching performs a few jobs in the garden, but its effect on weeds is what makes it a go-to for many gardeners. The layer of organic matter, the mulch, will block light from the weeds, something they need to live. Without light weeds will die. Not only will they then stop taking vital nutrients from your other plants, but they will also break down into the soil, providing even more. Mulching also keeps the soil moist, which plants like. Lizzie recently discussed how to grow roses, and when to deadhead them. The gardening guru said: "Roses are hungry plants - feed them with slow-release fertiliser and ensure you give them plenty of water throughout the hot months." Lizzie also suggested deadheading roses to boost their growth. She said: "Deadheading roses makes a huge difference to the number of flowers, but leaving them to turn to hips can be great for wildlife too!"