Since Outlander hit television screens, fans have been able to watch it via Starz on Amazon Prime Video. However, when season six was announced, it was revealed it would stream exclusively on StarzPlay, a new service for UK viewers. The streaming service had been running a discount rate for fans of the highland series to sign up and watch the new season but many are furious they’re being asked for fork out more money to catch up. Outlander returned with the first episode of season six on Sunday, March 6, with Tom Christie (played by Mark Lewis Jones) and his children Allan (Alexander Vlahos) and Malva (Jessica Reynolds) arriving at Fraser’s Ridge. The family of three are set to cause trouble for highlander Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) and his family. His wife Claire (Caitriona Balfe) meanwhile is struggling with the aftermath of her brutal attack by Lionel Brown (Ned Dennehy). Fans were keen to see the premiere after waiting almost two years for new episodes. READ MORE: Emmerdale fury for Meena Jutla as parents arrive in court? It’s therefore unsurprising many were upset to learn it was only available to watch on StarzPlay in the UK. Taking to Twitter to complain, Mark Brittles asked: “Is season 6 going to be available on Amazon Prime or do I need to subscribe to Starzplay? #Outlander.” Ash added: “So just found out #Outlander is not on Prime anymore and you have to pay £4.99 for Starzplay to watch it. “I have had the channel before and never watched anything on it as I don’t like what is on it so I am not paying 4.99 just to watch one show.” Laura Wright continued: “Gutted to find out that #Outlander is now on Starzplay and no longer part of Amazon Prime. “Feels pretty cheeky asking watchers to pay *another* subscription for a show that’s been available as part of one subscription for years.” User @BB_Brace tweeted: “Huge fan of #Outlander, the only reason we had #AmazonPrime, excitedly sat down to watch only to find you need to buy an extra subscription to #Starzplay, furious, no thank you, at least will save money getting rid of #AmazonPrime now.” And @HouseOfErmine posted: “Two years, two bloody years I’ve been waiting to see series six of #Outlander and Prime egged all us fans on by putting the date available and teaser trailer for us to watch. DON'T MISS...Outlander season 6: Marsali ‘isolated’ as she's abandoned by Fergus? [INTERVIEW]Outlander season 6: Sam Heughan speaks on Jamie costume restrictions [INSIGHT]Mark Lewis Jones age: How old is Outlander's Tom Christie star?  [EXPLAINER] “Then [boom] the due date arrived and you can only get it if you take a contract with #starzplay You swine.” The cast of Outlander have been busy teasing fans about what they can expect from the sixth series and why it is shorter. Showrunner Matthew B. Roberts commented: “We had to revise the scripts as we started to go [back] to keep everybody safe. “And then with Caitriona's pregnancy, we wanted to make sure she was safe, and that she worked only to a certain point. We wanted to make sure she got out and had enough time to deliver her baby.” He went on to add to SYFY Wire: “I will say I'm really happy with what we have for Season seven right now. “I don't want to talk too much about that because season six is amazing. "But season seven is going to be... Well, tune in." Outlander season 6 is available to stream on Starz in the Us and StarzPlay in the UK.