While petrol and diesel prices are already at their highest ever levels, prices could be pushed higher in 121 locations across the UK. A £7.1billion takeover of Morrisons by a US private equity firm has led to the Competitions and Markets Authority (CMA) to issue a warning. Clayton, Dubilier & Rice (CD&R) is responsible for the takeover of Morrisons, which previously prompted an investigation by the CMA. The American private equity firm is the owner of the Motor Fuel Group (MFG) which is the largest independent operator of petrol stations in the UK. MFG operates 921 petrol stations across England, Scotland and Wales under a number of different brands, such as Esso, BP, Shell, Texaco, Jet and Murco. While Morrisons is predominantly a groceries retailer, it operates 339 petrol stations, the vast majority of which are located at its supermarkets across the UK. READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ The regulator said it now has concerns over 121 local areas where MFG and Morrisons both have forecourts and would face “limited competition” from other players following the merger. It said “the deal could lead to an increase in prices” due to the lack of competition. Colin Raftery, Senior Director of Mergers at the CMA, warned that drivers could see further price increases. He said: “Prices for petrol and diesel have recently hit record highs, which makes it even more important that we don’t allow a lack of competition at the pump to make the situation worse. DON'T MISSWhat to do if someone parks in front of your driveway [INSIGHT]Major driving law will see people fined £200 for using phone today [WARNING]Boris Johnson pledges £1.6bn to boost electric car charging network [BREAKING] “We’re concerned that this deal could lead to higher prices for motorists in some parts of the country. “But if CD&R and Morrisons are able to address these concerns, then we won’t need to move on to an in-depth investigation of the merger. Current data from the RAC Foundation shows the average price for a litre of petrol now stands at 167.01p, with diesel drivers facing an average cost of 179.9p per litre. According to RAC Fuel Watch, these prices “should fall” after weeks of near-constant price increases. Earlier this week, Chancellor Rishi Sunak unveiled his Spring Statement which included a five pence reduction in fuel duty in an effort to reduce costs for motorists. Experts have warned that petrol prices could reach £2.50 per litre, with diesel potentially hitting £3 a litre as a result of the war in Ukraine. The CMA said that the private equity firm has five working days to offer proposals which address the competition concerns identified. The Government regulator would then have a further five working days to consider whether to accept these in principle instead of referring the case to a “Phase 2” investigation. Supermarket rival Asda agreed to sell 27 petrol stations last year in order to help its £6.8billion takeover pass following concerns from the competition regulator. While the deal was awaiting approval, regulators raised concerns that the deal could lead to higher prices in 36 locations. In practice, this could mean CD&R offering to sell petrol stations in areas where the CMA believes consumers could be adversely affected.  Morrisons declined to comment on the situation. A spokesperson for Clayton, Dubilier & Rice said: "We note the CMA’s statement and will be responding accordingly. CD&R looks forward to continuing to work constructively with the CMA."