Astrology dictates that each sign of the zodiac has key characteristics that make them unique and set them apart from other signs. What’s so special about Sagittarius? Sagittarius, there are plenty of reasons why you should rejoice in your sign. “Super at home with the world, you’re happy with a passport and a backpack - what else do you need?” Unafraid of being alone, this sign’s mind is an “endless labyrinth”; they love getting to know themselves and what makes them “tick”. This quality makes Sagittarius an excellent natural leader. READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it Horoscope.com stated: “A born leader, you never worry about what people think. "Your ideas are unique, and you don’t second-guess yourself.” Sagittarius’ confidence and self-assured nature means that other signs “trust” them. Transparent to a fault, “you know that anyone could look through the text chains on your phone and you would be in the clear”. However, while Sagittarius’ strong mind is commendable, it can oftentimes land them in trouble. Adept at “blazing their own paths” and going it alone, Sagittarius is fantastic when given solo tasks. But in group situations, this can intimidate others and cause less feisty signs to get left behind. Additionally, this sign finds it difficult to sugar-coat what they say, and have no trouble being blunt – and sometimes “far too” much. Sometimes it’s crucial to put oneself first, but for Sagittarius this is second nature, typically “putting their own needs above others”. Stubborn Sagittarius, you should work on listening more to others – other people’s intelligence and ideas might surprise you. Equally, Sagittarius’ harsh tongue may offend more sensitive signs, and others may accuse them of lacking empathy. This is not the case, as the “creative” Sagittarius mind is excellent at “putting themselves in another person’s shoes.  Nevertheless, Sagittarius would do well to think about what they say before they say it, modifying their words for their target audience. Those who have a friend in Sagittarius are very lucky, as this sign is “open-hearted, generous, and big-spirited”. Despite their independence, their morals are outstanding, and are the type of people who “has your back even if you’ve only known them for 24 hours”. However, in order to maintain a friendship with Sagittarius, “give them a long leash”, so they don’t feel stifled. “A Sagittarius cannot be contained, and expressing disapproval or raising an eyebrow at the way they live their lives—especially if what they are doing is simply living outside the box—will make them drop you, fast.”