The Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, Sajid Javid, fiercely defended Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Monday morning after BBC Breakfast presenter Sally Nugent slammed his recent speech comparing Brexit to the Ukraine crisis. Whilst Javid implied Johnson was referring to the "desire of self-determination," many viewers watching thought he was "dodging" the question and branded the interview a car crash. Nugent asked: "I want to talk to you for a moment about the Prime Minister's speech over the weekend. "He has been criticised, hasn't he, for comparing the current struggle and ongoing situation for many people living in Ukraine where they are fighting the Russian invasion. "He compared that to people in Britain voting for Brexit, do you think that was an appropriate comparison to make?" Javid fired back: "I listen carefully to what the prime minister said, and first of all, I don't accept that he made some kind of direct comparison between the situation in Ukraine and the situation in the UK. READ MORE: Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star "I think what he was talking about, and I think for me it was evident from listening to his words, was the desire for self-determination, which is strong in people across the world, no matter what situation you are in. "People will have a strong desire for self-determination, that was a general point, but to suggest he was trying to say somehow that what is going on in Ukraine and the UK was somehow comparable, that was not the case." Nugent once again asked: "Would you say that mentioning Ukraine and the awful situation that country is in at the moment in this context was wrong?" "The prime minister was not trying to make a direct comparison," Javid tried to explain however Nugent interrupted: "But he did mention Ukraine in the same sentence as Brexit."  Left in silence, Javid tried to explain: "But it wasn't an attempt to say somehow the situations are similar in any way whatsoever. "What he was talking about as I say about just the general desire for self-determination of people everywhere no matter what their circumstance, no matter what their country." "He actually said 'Ukrainians had the instinct to choose freedom' and cited the 2016 vote to leave the EU as an example of people choosing freedom. "I know it is the instinct of this country like the people of Ukraine that is a comparison," she said. DON'T MISS...Dan Walker questioned over former BBC Breakfast co-star snub [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast blunder as Gary Barlow unable to play live on show [WATCH]BBC Breakfast host questions Tory MP over PM's comments in Blackpool [LATEST] Javid quipped: "He is talking about the right to self-determination for everyone, the desire that people have. "I don't think it was a direct comparison, and I just think for someone to keep labouring this point and kind of direct a comparison between the current situations both countries face is just ludicrous." People on Twitter were furious with the remarks from Javid, with Graham Hind writing: "@sajidjavid Stop trying to defend the indefensible." @RachPteacher added: "Sajid Javid dodging every single question! #BBCBreakfast" Tony S fumed: "#BBCBreakfast does Sajid believe what he's actually saying? He must actually think the British public are stupid!!" Dawn Aquarius exclaimed: "@sajidjavid struggling to defend Johnson’s Ukraine Brexit comparison on #BBCBreakfast. That might be because it is indefensible." @Soddsy said: "Car crash interview for Sajid Javid on #BBCBreakfast. Stumbling over his words. "Unable to find a convincing defence of Boris Johnson’s latest disastrous speech." (sic) BBC Breakfast airs every day from 6am on BBC One.