With year ‘22’ number plates arriving in the UK last week along with changes to the way licence plates are designed and manufactured, average monthly searches for ‘private plates’ in the UK increased by a whopping 82 percent. The current most expensive plate in the country is ‘25 0’ and was bought back in 2014. Now that personalised plates are a £2billion industry, with the world’s most expensive example reading simply ‘1’ and selling for some £7.25million, Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Elie Fakhoury of leading private number plate provider Click4Reg on how to make a plate your own. Try variations on a theme:“Because of how many private registrations have already been purchased, your exact plate may not be available. “However, don’t lose hope. If you’re looking for a specific name, try the short version (such as Debbie down to Deb) and search that way. “Three letter names have the most choice, so consider initials and using your middle name too.” READ MORE: Driverless car rule changes will lead to ‘rapid and efficient’ payouts Substitute letters for numbers”This opens up a whole world of options. For example, '5' can replace S and '4' can replace A. Changing things up means the plate stays readable but hugely increases your chance of finding the perfect plate. “There’s also a difference between the two types of private plate you can actually get. ‘Dateless’ plates look like, for example, S4 DEB whereas ‘New Style’ are in the format of what we come to expect from newer vehicles, with plates such as BD56 DEB. “The New Style plates are often more cost-effective, but you are limited to years from 2001 onwards.” Ensure you follow guidelines“Be sure to bring the correct documentation for putting the plate on your vehicle. “The DVLA requires that you have your V750 Certificate of Entitlement, which you can get online if need be. One of the fun quirks of private plate ownership is you don’t even need a car to buy one. “Once you buy a private registration plate, you then own it. Once you’ve decided what car to put it on, you then inform the DVLA of the change. “One rule potential buyers should be aware of is that with the New Style plates, you cannot buy a private reg that makes it look like the vehicle is newer than it is. For example, AB11 DEB is a 2011 plate that cannot be put on a car from, for example, 2006.” Keep an eye on the future“Your private plate is yours only, so it cannot be replicated. Savvy minds may think to the future, as plates are known for going up in value over time. "Plus, with a noteworthy plate, criminals are a lot less likely to try and steal your vehicle. This is because the plate makes it much more recognisable than a normal registration, so you can rest easier at night with a private plate. “However, don’t commission a fancy-looking 3D plate. Some people turn their plates 3D using layered acrylic, however as of September 2021 these are illegal on UK roads so avoid the fines and stick with your personalised plate.” Keep it clean!“Finally, don’t try to use rude words. The DVLA has a 46-page document drawn up charting all the offensive words and phrases you can make. “However, this doesn’t apply to abbreviations. So, OMG, LOL, WTF, FFS are all available in various formats. “Whilst we see the fun in them, we recommend checking with the DVLA as to what is and isn’t legal before you purchase.”