Angellica Bell, who hosts the Martin Lewis Money Show alongside the Money Saving Expert himself, has admitted they have never been so “flooded” with questions. Her interview with Express.co.uk came amid the worrying rise in the cost of living as energy bills are set to skyrocket. Not only are bills rising, but many are still feeling the financial impact of the pandemic and of Christmas just gone. With that in mind, Angellica, 45, has recently been helping Debt Free London as she joined their Debt Bus-ter. Debt Free London is a unique partnership of charities led by Toynbee Hall and funded by the Money and Pensions Service. The organisation launched the Debt Bus-ter, a tour bus visiting some of London’s poorest areas, aiming to reach as many people in need of financial help as possible.  Extended phone line hours and the mobile centre come in response to the UK’s debt crisis which sees 1 in 4 UK adults at financial risk, and to help those suffering with a money worry or problem debt, especially at this time of year with the reality of their December credit card bills and rising living costs. And when Angellica and Martin go live on ITV, they receive thousands of calls from members of the public, desperate for help. “It’s widely documented in the news that there is a crisis, and it has affected a lot of people, a lot of people are worried,” said Angellica. “When we do The Martin Lewis Money Show, we are flooded with questions with people wanting to know what the best thing to do is, and not sure what lies ahead. “That’s the situation we are going to be in, knowing what is going to happen as things get back to normal. “Hopefully things like Debt Free London will help people to know there are resources out there, and they can find the information they need.” The mum-of-two continued: “Loads of sections of society have been hit, and loads of people are worried. “That’s why advice services like this are so vital, so people can feel supported.” DON'T MISS... Tamzin Outhwaite left 'in tears' over Liverpool's tribute to Ukraine[LATEST]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak[INSIGHT]‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle[NEWS]  Asked what she would personally recommend to someone panicking about money, Angellica explained: “What is really important is that people assess their budgets. “Over a period of time, look at your outgoings, what’s needed? What can you sacrifice for now, and take up again next year, or in a few months’ time? “It’s about having an honest look at your own personal finances, what is needed and what is right for you, your own family and your own situation, and making some difficult decisions.” She added: “But seek advice, the right advice, that’s why Debt-Free London is brilliant, it’s a charity and it’s impartial advice.”  Martin was overcome with emotion after a recent episode which left him “shaking”. “I feel near tears after doing my show,” he tweeted. "I started doing what I do out of a passion for financial justice & providing solutions. "To be unable to help a single mum who lost her partner in covid afford her energy bills leaves me feeling impotent... I'm shaking. Intervention is needed." 