James Golby and his wife and children were among seven families kicked out of their mobile homes in Rainham, Kent after enforcement officers began taking down the site. They purchased the land in 2020 but do not have planning permission to live there. Medway Council had previously obtained an enforcement notice in 2017 which barred anyone from living there. Mr Golby, 38, said he was unaware of this and the council’s action has led to him splitting up with his wife - with who he has five children - and has “forced” him to live in his van. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “Medway Council have evicted us off the land that we owned and they haven’t offered us anything. “Me and my wife have split up now. She’s staying with friends with the children - whoever can put her up at the moment. READ MORE: We must halt Putin's manic reign of terror, says CAROLE MALONE “And I’m living in the van with the little dog.” He explained that he was sleeping in the back or the front of the white van - “whichever is warmest”. “This is what Medway Council has done to me,” he added. The council say developments on the land, which breach the notice, are being removed and action is being taken to ensure the enforcement notice is adhered to. DON'T MISS: Putin farce as Russian commanders KILLED [REPORT]Macron mocked moments after Presidential bid [REVEAL]EU mocked over reversing Brexit threat as Truss heads to Brussel [INSIGHT] Excavators have been there for several days and there was smoke billowing from a bonfire on Tuesday as work continued to clear the site. The travellers say they applied for planning permission when they bought the land but the application wasn't accepted by Medway Council. Mr Golby has since set up a Facebook page where people can help the families. A spokesman for Medway Council said last week: "Unfortunately, the occupants do not have planning permission to live on this site. “We served an enforcement notice in 2017 which prevented residential occupation of this agricultural field. “The occupants moved onto the site after the enforcement notice came into effect. We have provided them with copies of the enforcement notice and, over the last 12 months, have advised them of the consequences of occupying the site with the notice in effect. "Several letters were hand delivered to the occupants warning them that enforcement action would be taken if they didn’t comply with the notice.” This week the council said they are "continuing to ensure that the enforcement notice is adhered to and that the developments on the land, which breach the notice, are removed”.