Professional dancer Katya Jones, 32, sent a public message to her ex-husband and Strictly Come Dancing co-star Neil Jones, 39, after a hilarious appearance on CBBC’s Saturday Mash-Up. The dance champion was required to answer a series of questions and one, in particular, brought her ex to the forefront of her mind. The show's hosts asked: “What men’s football team won the Carabao Cup on Sunday?” Katya thought hard for a moment before declaring Liverpool as the correct answer. The hosts exclaimed: “Correct," as Katya celebrated the victory by flexing her muscles. Katya was so pleased with herself that she shared the clip onto her Instagram story in view of her 206,000 followers. READ MORE:Martin Roberts breaks down in tears after Costco purchase rejected She tagged Neil and wrote: “The only question I got right...@mr_njonesofficial I hope you’re proud!” Neil then supported his ex by reposting the clip onto his own story. Katya and Neil shocked Strictly fans when they ended their marriage and 11-year romance in August 2019. They had met in Blackpool in 2008 when they became dance partners. Over the course of their competing career, they became four-time British National Champions and three-time winners of the World Amateur Latin Championships. They were married in London in 2013 and joined Strictly Come Dancing three years later. The relationship was put under strain when Katya was photographed kissing her 2018 celebrity partner, Seann Walsh. After the pictures were published, Katya apologised publicly on Twitter and maintained that she and Neil were “very happy together”. DON'T MISSTamzin Outhwaite left 'in tears' over Liverpool's tribute to Ukraine[LATEST]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak[INSIGHT]‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle[NEWS] She wrote: “I’m so sorry about any offence or hurt I may have caused with my actions. I wasn’t thinking and it was a one-off mistake after some drinks. I love my husband and we are very happy together, this is not a reflection on our relationship. They stayed together until the summer of 2019 when they released a joint statement explaining their separation. They said: “Hi everyone. As our fans and loyal supporters, you are really important to us and so we wanted to let you know some news. After 11 years, we have made the mutual decision to separate. “We will always love each other, just in a different way as friends...Our shared love of dance means we will keep working and dancing together as well as exploring individual projects. No matter what we do we will always support and respect each other. "We wish one another every happiness and we will remain the best of friends. We are really looking forward to getting back to the ballroom and can't wait to keep on dancing. Lots of love from us both xx." (sic) Despite the split, the pair have remained on good terms. Just before the latest series of Strictly Come Dancing, Neil gushed to Hello! that their relationship is ”amazing” and that they are “still really good friends”.