This will be Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s first series since signing a reported $25million (£19million) deal with the streaming platform fifteen months ago. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex previously released a single one-off Archewell Audio podcast episode featuring guests including Sir Elton John, James Corden and their son Archie. READ MORE:  'Condemn them!' Harry and Meghan called out as fans abuse at will After leaving the Royal Family, Harry and Meghan made a deal with Spotify in December 2020 to produce exclusive content and “build community through shared experience, narratives and values”. They wrote: “What we love about podcasting is that it reminds all of us to take a moment and to really listen, to connect to one another without distraction. “With the challenges of 2020, there has never been a more important time to do so, because when we hear each other, and hear each other's stories, we are reminded of how interconnected we all are.” They produced a Holiday Special that month, which focused on the coronavirus pandemic, but then went quiet, until now. An Archewell Audio spokesperson said this week: “We are excited to announce that we are continuing production of Meghan, The Duchess of Sussex’s groundbreaking first podcast series, set to launch this summer.” Earlier this year, Meghan, 40, among other celebrities expressed concerns to Spotify over the spreading of misinformation on the platform following Joe Rogan’s podcast on the Covid vaccine. An Archewell Audio spokesperson said: “As we all continue to tackle the misinformation era, Archewell Audio has found it important to work with our partners at Spotify to ensure that the digital technologies so many of us use every day are rooted in strong principles of trust and safety. “We are encouraged by ongoing conversations we’ve had with Spotify on this shared goal and have been working closely with their team — as well as their senior leadership — towards policies, practices, and strategies meant to raise creator awareness, minimise the spread of misinformation, and support transparency.” There are no details yet on what Meghan’s new series will be about. So what do YOU think? Will you listen to Meghan’s new podcast? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.