Manchester City Bernardo Silva continued his feud with Liverpool supporters with his confident message after Monday's 0-0 draw at Crystal Palace. Bernardo missed a glorious chance as Man City dropped two points in the Premier League title race at Selhurst Park. After full-time, Bernardo expressed his content with the visitors' performance but rued their missed chances in south London. He told Sky Sports: "Yeah, [it was a] tough game. I think we actually played well. We actually controlled the game well; apart from one or two times where we lost possession and they counter-attacked. "They didn't create much. We controlled the possession of the game; we controlled their country attacking. And we were actually good. Unfortunately, we couldn't score, and we had our chances. "We should have scored, and we didn't. So yeah, very frustrating game, but yes, a long way to go. Nine games to go. We're still in a good position." JUST IN: Man Utd lack three things as Neville makes comparison to Man City  Man City's draw extended their lead over Liverpool at the Premier League summit to four points. However, the Reds have a game in hand and will move just one point behind Pep Guardiola's side if they beat Arsenal on Wednesday. Despite the imminent threat, Bernardo has thrown shade at Liverpool, stating it's better to be in Man City's position than the Anfield club's. "It's still better to be in our position than Liverpool's. They still have to play in our stadium as well. So yeah, it's going to be exciting," Bernardo added. READ MORE: Man Utd plot fresh Harry Kane 'transfer approach' after Haaland snub  Bernardo has a strenuous relationship with Liverpool fans, stemming from his refusal to clap during a guard of honour at the Etihad Stadium after the Reds secured the title in 2020. After Lyon dumped Man City out of the Champions League quarter-finals later in the season, the Portuguese playmaker was inevitably the target of jibes. And he was sure to respond to the Liverpool fans teasing him over City's exit, labelling them 'pathetic' on Twitter. He said: "And to all Liverpool fans that have nothing else to do than to come to a Man City player account, I'm also sorry for you but for the wrong reasons... pathetic... go celebrate your titles, or try to find a partner, drink a beer with a friend, read a book... so many options!" Bernardo will have the opportunity to provide Liverpool fans with some misery when Jurgen Klopp's challengers travel to Manchester on April 10. If Liverpool beat Arsenal and Watford, they could be just one point behind the Citizens, setting up a monumental affair at the league summit. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.