Patios and paving slabs have endured a damp and cold winter, as well as the onslaught of major storms in recent weeks. Pressure washers are often cited as the best way to clear away dirt and debris from the crevices of your patio. However, even renting a pressure washer can be costly. Luckily, there are some other tried and tested methods said to work wonders when it comes to cleaning your patio. Though they may take a little bit of elbow grease, they can clean your outdoor paving for a cut of the price. While the below methods can work generally to get paving slabs looking their best, be sure to follow manufacturers' cleaning instructions too. Here are three methods to try out: READ MORE: How to keep rats out of your garden - five key steps Washing-up liquid is something we all have at home to tackle our dirty dishes, but this simple method can also work on a dirty patio. Before you begin, make sure to clear the area and sweep up any debris with a broom. Simply mix washing-up liquid with warm tap water in a bucket. DON'T MISS‘Effective’ methods for getting rid of ‘pesky weeds’ [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch cleaning fans on how to get rid of window condensation [INSIGHT]White vinegar and baking soda: 5 ways to clean around your home [EXPLAINER] Pour the solution onto your patio, tackling smaller areas at a time. Scrub each area with a tough bristled brush. Heavily soiled areas may need a little more effort than other areas. Once complete, rinse down the entire patio with clean water. Allow it to dry before returning any patio furniture you may have moved. White vinegar is hailed for its multi-purpose cleaning uses around the home, and it turns out it can work wonders in the garden too. Just like when using washing-up liquid, be sure to sweep the area before starting the cleaning process. Make sure to move any furniture or pots before beginning, as white vinegar can damage some materials. Next, mix a cleaning solution of half white vinegar and half warm water, then pour onto the patio. For a stronger effect, leave the liquid to sit for up to half an hour, then use a stiff brush to remove any residual dirt from the ground. Finally, mop the patio with clean fresh water, and let it dry before returning furniture.