Stephanie was eliminated from The Apprentice following the gruelling interview task, where the candidates' business plans were torn into by several of Lord Sugar's aides. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, the entrepreneur reflected on her time on the hit BBC show and expressed how "proud" she felt making history by being in an all-female final. Last week's instalment of The Apprentice saw Kathryn Burn and Harpreet Kaur make it to the final after Lord Sugar fired Stephanie and Brittany Carter. Speaking to press following her elimination episode, Stephanie expressed her pride at being part of an all-female final. "Do you know what? I feel so so proud that I've come on this series that not only is a final four but that it's a final four of all women. "Like to have made history in a programme is like absolutely unbelievable to me. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role "But what you see on there is genuine. I think the day and age of the catfights and women fighting against each other - it's a bit dead now. "We were all trying to support each other and even now we all support each other's businesses. "We all want to bring each other up. You're seeing in those boardrooms, in the last final when he's [Lord Sugar] trying to say, 'is your business better than theirs'? We're not saying it. "I'm just trying to show the best version of myself, I don't need to tear someone else down in order to bring myself up. "And that's kind of how we are with each other. "We've all got fantastic businesses, we're all different. "We all can offer something different. So I don't need to trip you over in order for me to be a success." Talking about the terrifying interview process, Stephanie also spoke about the worst person she faced. DON'T MISS... Awkward moment Rishi Sunak tries to end GMB interview [VIDEO]Prince William labelled 'deeply embarrassing' over slavery statement [LATEST]Louise Minchin took BBC bosses by 'surprise' with exit [INTERVIEW]  She explained Linda was "definitely" the most brutal interviewer and that she'd been "100 times worse" than Stephanie had expected. Stephanie recalled: "She is really bad, but she knows what she's talking about. "She's had decades of experience, so no stone goes unturned. "They know everything about you - honestly, they told me stuff about me in those interviews that I didn't know myself. "Literally, Mike [Soutar] told me I had shares in a company I didn't even know about! "I walked away and I thought 'lovely', I honestly learnt new things about myself from the interviews. "But yeah, Linda was probably the most savage, Claudine [Collins] was my absolute fave, I love Claudine, she's an absolute babe." The Apprentice continues with the final of the series on Thursday at 9pm on BBC One.