You might sleep on your mattress every night, but just how often do you clean it properly? Mattresses can be a tricky household item to clean, with many types of mattresses not actually suited to getting wet. Memory foam, for example, is not designed to get wet at all. Similarly, soaking your mattress or applying lots of water to it directly can encourage mould and mildew to form inside. However, cleaning your mattress doesn't necessarily mean having to shell out for expensive, specialist cleaning products. According to Jonathan Warren, director at bed specialist Time4Sleep, the answer to a "deep clean" could be tucked away in your kitchen cupboard. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares £1 trick to remove bathroom radiator rust Mr Warren said: "Regardless of the quality of your bedsheets and mattress protector, it’s really important that you also pay attention to the mattress to avoid unhygienic sleeping conditions and poor air quality." The answer to a fresh and clean mattress could lie with baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda. Although this is traditionally used as a leavening agent in baking, the white powder also has many multipurpose cleaning uses around the home. With a price point below £1 in supermarkets such as Asda and Lidl, this organic cleaning agent won't break the bank. DON'T MISSCleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to remove toilet bowl stains [COMMENT]Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [EXPLAINER]Four additional costs to be aware of when buying a home [INSIGHT] Mr Warren said: "Remove your bed linen and vacuum the surface of your mattress to get rid of any dirt or debris. "For a real deep clean, sprinkle baking soda over your mattress and leave it for up to 24 hours before vacuuming again. "This will act as a deodoriser and will help to get rid of any long-lasting smells”. Mr Warren said: "Remove your bed linen and vacuum the surface of your mattress to get rid of any dirt or debris. "For a real deep clean, sprinkle baking soda over your mattress and leave it for up to 24 hours before vacuuming again. "This will act as a deodoriser and will help to get rid of any long-lasting smells”. The reason bicarbonate of soda is so good for cleaning mattresses is because the powder natural absorbs moisture and odour-causing particles. While it sits, the baking soda will get rid of smells by drawing out dirt and moisture. Once it is done working its magic, baking soda can simply be vacuumed or swept away, so there is no need to use water. A step-by-step guide to cleaning your mattress with baking soda Begin by clearing your duvet, pillows and sheets from your bed. Pop all removable sheets and pillowcases into the washing machine. Next, vacuum up any dirt, dust or debris on the surface of the mattress. Make sure the vacuum nozzle is clean, as you do not want to transfer any dirt or bacteria onto the mattress. Be sure to vacuum any crevices, seams or moulds in the mattress to remove all surface dust. If there are any stains on your mattress, apply a spot cleaner to these regions. You can shop-bought upholstery cleaner or make your own by mixing one teaspoon of mild dish detergent and one cup of water in a spray bottle. Next, apply between one and three cups of baking soda to your mattress. Be sure to cover the entire surface of the mattress liberally, especially if it has been a while since your last deep clean. Allow the mattress to sit for a while. If your room gets lots of natural sunlight, this can help to ramp up the cleaning process. Some people may even choose to move their mattress to a sunny spot or outside in the summer. Once your baking soda has been allowed to sit, vacuum the entire surface making sure to suck up all of the powder. Flip the mattress and repeat the process on the other side for a full clean.