Barcelona boss Xavi Hernandez has reportedly flown to Munich to hold transfer talks with Erling Haaland. The Borussia Dortmund ace reportedly spoke with Xavi and Jordi Cruyff. Barcelona may have had severe financial troubles over the last few years, but it seems they're willing to keep spending. The La Liga giants forked out £55million to sign Ferran Torres in January, before sealing moves for Adama Traore and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. But it seems they could be at the front of the race to sign Norwegian wonderkid Haaland from Dortmund. The 20-year-old, who has scored 23 goals in 20 games across all competitions this season, has a £68m release clause active this summer. And Barca seem hellbent on meeting that release clause and signing the forward, with reports in Spain suggesting their efforts have ramped up this week. Head coach Xavi reportedly flew to Munich with sporting director Cruyff to discuss a potential deal with the striker. Mino Raiola, Haaland's agent, is believed to favour a move to Barca for the striker. Haaland is also wanted by the likes of Manchester City and Real Madrid, so a move won't be easy for the Catalans. But Spanish outlet Sport claims they've put together an eye-watering package worth £157m over the next five years. Haaland's contract at the Nou Camp would reportedly increase by €10m (£8.2m) per year until he earns €50m (£41m) in the fifth year of his contract. It seems increasingly unlikely Haaland will stay in Dortmund beyond the end of the season, and as a result he's believed to have started house hunting in Spain. He had been heavily linked with Real Madrid, but it seems Los Blancos will favour a move for Kylian Mbappe instead. Former Premier League striker Jan Fjortoft, who is close friends with the Haaland family, was recently forced to deny reports that the youngster had a pre-agreement with Madrid. "An agreement with Madrid hasn't been made," he said. “Erling Haarland and his team, including his dad, are looking at the situation in minute detail in order to choose where he will play next season. “They will make the decision based on a number of elements."