Jayne Torvill broke down in tears during Sunday's Dancing on Ice after watching celebrity Regan Gascoigne's performance which was inspired by one of her and Christopher Dean's famous routines. The series is on week eight, with the remaining contestants pulling out all of the stops to make their skate count and be the best it could be in hopes of making it to the finale and being crowned this year's champion. Having to perform a Torvill and Dean inspired routine, the remaining Dancing on Ice 2022 contestants went big, as they knew they would be going home if they didn't. They had to impress judges Ashley Banjo, Oti Mabuse, Jayne Torvill, and Christopher Dean with their Torvill and Dean inspired routine. Gascoigne and his professional skating partner Karina Manta blew the judges away as they scored a perfect 40, gaining 10s from each judge. The duo recreated the Torvill and Dean World Championships routine Barnum, their first big routine after their Mack and Mabel choreography. Read More: Emmerdale pregnancy bombshell as Liv Flaherty makes life-changing discovery? After their skate, Torvill said: "We know that technically, your skating has always been good, but tonight everything came together. "The performance... I'm getting emotional now," she stuttered as the emotions got the better of her. Unable to finish her sentence, the audience let out a sympathetic sigh, moved by the panellist's vulnerability. As Torvill began to wipe away tears, Mabuse quickly picked up the reins, saying, "I love to see that."  Then dissecting his performance, she continued: "Regan, for a couple of weeks, I kinda felt like you were on the same level for a while, but tonight was just a different level. "This was expensive. Expensive in terms of you were so technically good." The professional dancer lending his hand at skating then started to well up due to the positive feedback. The Strictly Come Dancing professional continued: "I don't know why you are getting emotional; it's making me emotional. DON’T MISS…Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to Aiden Healy star 'A constant delight' [LATEST]The Last of the Summer Wine: What happened to the cast? [LATEST]‘It was a no brainer’ Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series [LATEST]  "You'll make us all cry. "But that was fantastic and exactly what we want to see when we think of Regan skating." Presenter Holly Willoughby commented on how the praise must have meant a lot to the star to react in such an emotional way. Gascoigne added: "This is insane and to like recreate... It's such an honour getting to recreate something that was part of your life."   This wasn't the first time Gascoigne shed a tear about the performance with the star stirring while working on the choreography with Torvill and Dean ahead of the show. Paralympian Stef Reid fell short this week with her skate-off performance sending her home. She joins Coronation Street star Sally Dynevor who left the show last week, losing her skate-off with Kye Whyte. Dancing on Ice continues Sunday at 7:30 pm on ITV