If your monthly mobile deal has less than 18GB of 4G or 5G data, then it's not enough. That's according to the latest research from Three Mobile, which shows that the average 4G and 5G data usage per customer in the UK has jumped to 19GB each month. The study, which deep-dived into data from Three Mobile's nationwide network in December 2021, shows a huge increase from the average 15.8GB usage per customer just one year ago. The difference, 3.2GB, is over the size of a feature-length movie download. Mobile data is used for almost every feature on your smartphone – from sending photos, videos and messages in WhatsApp, following turn-by-turn directions in Google Maps, making FaceTime video calls, replying in Messenger, scrolling through Facebook and Instagram, watching a clip on YouTube, listening to a podcast or a playlist from Spotify, shopping on the move, even checking your balance in Monzo or another banking app ...this all drains your monthly data allowance. And that's before you think about the really data-hungry tasks like bingeing Netflix when away from a Wi-Fi connection. If your current pay monthly or SIM-only contract offers less than 19GB of mobile data, you're likely not taking full advantage of the features built into your handset ...or you're staying connected to a Wi-Fi network for longer than most users. Thankfully, Three Mobile has the solution. If you're already happy with the smartphone in your pocket, Three Mobile is offering unlimited calls, unlimited text messages, and unlimited 5G mobile data for £16 a month. This deal – which isn't available from Three Mobile's online store, but only from our link here – means you'll never have to worry about a monthly data allowance. Instead, you'll be able to use all of the data-hungry features in your smartphone without a second thought. That's right, you can spend your commute streaming high-resolution video from Netflix, Disney+, Prime Video and download albums in lossless audio from Apple Music, uploading albums with dozens of photos to your Facebook, and join video calls when you're away from a W-Fi network (or simply don't fancy handing over your email to connect to the free Wi-Fi in a coffee shop). Unlike the unlimited everything SIM-only deal on the Three Mobile online store, this is a 12-month contract. That means you'll only be signed-up for half of the time – so you'll be able to take advantage of price cuts and new deals this time next year, instead of being locked-in for a full 24-months. Three Mobile includes access to superfast 5G mobile data speeds at no extra cost, so you'll be able to access download speeds of between 200-300Mbps. For comparison, the average home broadband speed in the UK is around 70Mbps. That means you'll get 4x faster speeds on your phone. As a Three Mobile customer, you'll get access to its Three+ rewards scheme, which offers early access to tickets to some of the biggest festivals, £3 adult tickets to Cineworld every weekend, discounts on takeaways from Uber Eats, and much more.