But mainly because in their snow-flaky heads the actual victims of crime don’t matter – only the perpetrators who, they think, have to be handled with kid gloves and given every consideration. And clearly, the Wokies have taken over our prison system because two stories this week have made me despair. First, a new report says prison officers in women’s jails mustn’t shout at inmates in case it upsets or offends them. The report says officers must create a more positive living environment for the lags. And they must no longer use loudspeaker systems or shout on the landing to get someone’s attention. This report was compiled after visits to five women’s jails one of which was HMP Low Newton where triple killer Joanna Dennehy is serving a whole life sentence. Dennehy is the savage serial killer who murdered three men and knifed two more – who miraculously survived even though she did everything to ensure they didn’t. She even threatened to kill Rosemary West who was in the same prison. And this is the kind of scum officers are being asked not to shout at and to treat with respect. Another loony initiative is the new “Welcome to Prison” plan which is being trialled in six jails and lags are being offered the chance to take up yoga and meditation to relieve the stress of being banged up. “Coming straight from court and being thrown into an induction wing is very stressful,” says Victoria Green from the Prison Phoenix Trust which is heading the initiative. It’s supposed to be stressful! God forbid villains think they’re in prison to be punished because they did something Hellish – and you have to have done something pretty Hellish these days to be sent to jail. Are these do-gooding prison reformers really so naïve they think that if you speak softly to a killer or a rapist or teach them a few yoga positions they’re suddenly going to morph into decent human beings? They’re not. The re-offending statistics prove that. A Prison Reform Trust report shows that reoffending rates stand at more than 50 percent. As for rehab schemes in jails, former prisons boss, Sir Martin Narey, says they don’t work and should be scrapped: “The things we did to prisoners, the courses we put them on, the involvement of charities made little or no difference.” Prison is supposed to be hard. It’s not supposed to be a glorified spa where you de-stress and people speak softly to you. The shocking reality in this country is that the perpetrators of crime get more time, money and sympathy lavished on them than their victims. And yes I get that huge swathes of the prison population suffer mental health problems but then so do their victims often – often forever. For every violent crime there’s a victim, a wrecked life, a devastated family none of whom know how to cope with the aftermath. Can you begin to imagine how it must feel for parents whose child has been murdered to discover that the monster who did it is having yoga lessons in prison to de-stress? And worse, that whatever sentence he/she got – they’ll only serve half of it? We’ve got to stop looking for excusing people who commit vile crimes. Yes, they might have hard lives but so have millions of other people whose response hasn’t been to go out and murder and rape people. The truth is I don’t care what happens to the paedos, the killers and the rapists. My sympathies lie 100 percent with their victims whose lives have been scarred forever by these toe rags. Even with burglary – a crime which barely registers with police these days as they’re too busy chasing down hate crime on social media – nearly 80 percent of victims live in terror of it happening again and never feel safe in their own homes. And the people who did that to them – if they’re even in jail – well they mustn’t be shouted at in case they get upset. Wayland Jail, a “state of the art prison” which cost £212m to build was supposed to be a place where inmates were treated humanely and respectfully. They have rooms not cells. They have mobiles where they can chat to relatives and order clothes online. They’re never referred to as prisoners -just men. They have a football pitch, a fabulous gym and a pool table. And what a disaster it’s been. Just 18 months after opening it was in the grips of a drugs epidemic, staff were used as punchbags, being head-butted, losing teeth, needing surgery. Thugs started 17 fires. The Governor, Paul Cawkwell was severely beaten by a lag in the canteen in a totally unprovoked attack. One prisoner tried to behead another. The list goes on…. So cushy was it in there one inmate went on trip advisor to say: “ We don’t have these luxuries at home. It’s one of the reasons to get away now and then – to spoil yourself.” And that’s what happens when you try to treat bad people humanely. Yet even though it doesn’t work we’re still doing it. We’ve got to stop talking about violent offenders and sex offenders like they’re sweet misunderstood people who just took a bit of a wrong turn. They’re the very worst in our society and most people who have been victims of their savagery would be happy to see them behind bars forever. And it’s beyond cruel for those victims to have to live with the fact that while they’re they suffering mental torment because of what happened to them the monsters who did it are having yoga lessons courtesy of the taxpayer!