Sarah Ferguson, 62, is the mother of Princesses Beatrice, 33, and Eugenie, 31, and former wife of Prince Andrew, also 62. Fergie, as she is often referred as, still lives in Royal Lodge with the Duke of York despite being divorced since 1996. Their Windsor home is complete with 30 rooms and 21 acres, however the Duchess of York’s family actually has Irish roots.  The Duchess' ancestors were a noble Irish family who lived at Powerscourt Estate in County Wicklow in Ireland. Sarah is the great-granddaughter of Mervyn Wingfield, the eighth Viscount Powerscourt. Her grandmother formerly lived at Powerscourt Estate, which is now an attraction in Ireland and boasts a 68-room mansion and 47-acre gardens, voted third best garden in the world. READ MORE: Prince George is not ‘a spoiled child’ - expert analysis  Sarah regularly shares peeks inside her current home, but rarely reveals much of her ancestral property. However, this time last year in March 2021, she posted a series of photos from the grounds in honour of St Patrick's Day. Located in Enniskerry, County Wicklow, the grounds include a stone tower named the 'Tower Valley', Japanese gardens, winged horse statues, a 'Triton' lake, a pet cemetery, a 'Dolphin' pond, walled gardens, the 'Bamberg Gate' and the 'Italian Garden'. The outdoor space underwent extensive renovations under the instruction of Lord Powerscourt, who inherited the home at the age of eight in 1844.  The construction work took a total of 20 years and were finally finished in 1880. Inside, the 13th-century castle originally had three storeys and featured an entrance hall that was 18 metres long and 12 metres wide. The main reception rooms were also located on the first floor as opposed to the ground floor. The home is still as large today, though it has since been renovated several times.  One time was in the 18th century, and another time was after the house was destroyed by a fire in 1974. It was subsequently renovated in 1996. Sarah captioned her images: "Happy St. Patrick's Day. I love the gardens at Powerscourt, where my grandmother is buried as it was her childhood home. “This poem from 1827 by Charlotte Elizabeth Tonna, sums up the magic of the Emerald Isles."  She went on to recite the words of the poem, beginning: "From the region of zephyrs, the Emerald isle. “The land of thy birth, in my freshness I come. “To waken this long-cherished morn with a smile. “And breath o'er thy spirit the whispers of home." 