Former Manchester United forward Dimitar Berbatov has not named Cristiano Ronaldo as the player who would work the hardest in training during their time shared together at Old Trafford. Instead, the retired striker labelled Gary Neville as the star who would lead by example on the training ground. Neville has been vocal on social media of late about the lack of professionalism in the United team compared to when he was at the club. The former England international has questioned the mentality of the Red Devils this season, with many stars being caught out and about days after crushing defeats. But Berbatov has provided an insight into why the Sky Sports pundit holds such strong views. Asked by FootyAccums who was the best trainer he ever worked with, the Bulgarian replied: “Purely on training and wanting to produce in every training session and working hard, I must say Gary Neville is up there. "He trained very hard every session to be honest. It was just like his professionalism and wanting to still show that he was better than the other players around him." READ MORE: Arsenal legend Ian Wright names perfect striker for Mikel Arteta to sign “He made an impression on me of that willingness even at that age, when I was there (United), he was still showing the young lads that he’s better than them. That was impressive.” Berbatov and Ronaldo shared a dressing room for two seasons at United so many may have expected the four-time Ballon d’Or winner to be mentioned. When the Portugal captain joined United from Sporting as a teenager, there was a popular belief that it was in the Premier League that he grew and became a supreme athlete. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag asked two big questions during Man Utd interview as details emerge [REPORT]Chelsea receive huge boost as ticket sales for Real Madrid and Crystal Palace approved [NEWS]Gary Neville goes against Man Utd fans as he urges Glazers not to appoint Erik ten Hag [SOCIAL] But that myth has recently been distilled by one of his former coaches, Mick Clegg, who said that Ronaldo arrived at United in top physical condition. He told The Independent: “I never saw a scrawny kid. “That kid had a fantastic physique, a fantastic ability to move.” Of course, for Ronaldo to be playing aged 37 and still have incredible speed and athleticism, he definitely goes above and beyond to remain in tip-top condition. However, Berbatov’s comments do throw into question where the Red Devils’ hard work has been done over the years and if gym work has been his biggest asset rather than training routines.