Jodie Comer, 28, has addressed backlash to her Channel 4 drama, Help, in which she played a care assistant in the throes of the Covid pandemic. The Liverpudlian actress says that she "respects" that some viewers thought the drama was “too soon”, but insists that they "didn't have to watch it". Speaking to PORTER, Jodie explained: “I know there were people who [said], ‘Oh it’s too soon’, and that’s fine, I respect that. "If it is too soon for people then they absolutely shouldn’t have to watch it. “But also, in a sense, there’s no time like the present. “That’s the beauty of drama. Even though it’s uncomfortable and confronting, it’s an insight into what someone else went through and is still going through.” READ MORE:Strictly's Katya Jones reaches out to ex Neil 'I hope you're proud!' The film saw Jodie's character, Sarah, form a bond with care home patient (Stephen Graham) before the Covid outbreak threw everything into disarray as Sarah struggled to cope with the lack of resources and PPE. Jodie noted that Help was her first "political" drama because it “had something to say”. The BAFTA winner concluded that she left the show feeling as though it “shaped her in a way”. Speaking in September ahead of the Channel 4 film’s release, Jodie explained how “surreal” it was to dramatize events that had so recently happened. She told Josh Smith on his Reign podcast: “It was really strange playing out these events that were so recent and also that we were still living in.” The Emmy winner added that she felt it was so “important” because the drama was “saying something, being loud and uncomfortable”. She also revealed that filming the emotional series took its toll on her private life as she took her feelings home with her. Jodie explained: “My mum would say, ‘I’m trying to have a conversation with you but you’re not listening, you’re not giving me anything’. DON'T MISS‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence[LATEST]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak[INSIGHT]Alex Scott talks co-star Gary Lineker's rare 'emotional' on-air moment[NEWS] “So it’s my family that gets the brunt of it because my head is in a completely different space.” It comes as viewers can finally watch the fourth and final season of Killing Eve. Jodie is back as eccentric assassin Villanelle alongside Sandra Oh as Eve Polastri. Ahead of its premiere, Jodie teased that fans are in for a wild ride this season, particularly as the show had a short hiatus due to the pandemic. She told The Mirror: “We picked up Killing Eve in May, and to be able to come back and get back into Villanelle was really, really exciting. “In regards to the material, it was definitely dark because it was really confronting a lot about what people have gone through… are still going through. "It's still very present, so we really have to handle that story with care." To see the full interview with Jodie Comer read PORTER at http://www.net-a-porter.com/porter/article-088ccbd1cd6de120 and/or download the NET-A-PORTER app for iPhone, iPad and Android.