The Russian invasion, now in its second week, has accomplished relatively little, according to European and American intelligence. Despite creeping gradually towards Kyiv, commanders did not anticipate the tidal wave of resistance they currently face, and this has reportedly incensed Putin. Intensifying raids recently levelled a Mariupol maternity hospital, and the United Nations (UN) confirmed attacks on 18 other medical facilities. But Russian officials denied targeting them, or Ukraine at all, in a stunning statement on Thursday. While speaking to reporters at the Antalya Diplomatic Forum, Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov said that Russia was not attacking Ukraine and would not extend the conflict to other nations. He also claimed that "far-right" Ukrainian forces had occupied the hospital and cleared civilians, and Russia intervened. Any concerns about civilian deaths and injuries in the area were "pathetic shrieks" from Western nations, he added. READ MORE: UK food crisis: Price of bread tipped to soar 25 percent The latest allegations, backed up by images of injured pregnant women released on Wednesday, followed others earlier in the week. Intelligence suggested that Russia had not held up its end of ceasefire agreements, which were designed to establish "humanitarian corridors" for escaping civilians. Again, leaders accused Putin's forces of firing on civilians as they fled to safety in Mariupol. The Ukrainian defence ministry claimed the invading forces had "launched an attack heading exactly at the humanitarian corridor”. In its statement, the ministry added the Russian army was not letting "children, women and elderly people leave the city”. Although Russia also denied this, experts believe the civilian casualties are part of the country's larger plan for the Ukraine offensive. Bettina Renz, a Professor of international security at Nottingham University, is among them. Speaking to Express.co.uk, she described Putin's "calculated" move to shock Ukraine and ward off NATO. Professor Renz said: "The tactical approaches taken were brutal and did not discriminate civilian targets from the outset. "The brutality of Putin’s war is calculated and intended to inflict as much pain as possible on the Ukrainian population." At the same time, she added, the attacks are "sending a signal to any potential outside actors, such as NATO, to stay out of the war". Ukraine claimed the next step in Putin's plan could be to attack the condemned Chernobyl nuclear power plant. Local intelligence recently suggested he could launch a "terrorist attack" to distract the world from the ongoing invasion. Writing on Twitter, the Defence Intelligence of Ukraine announced a "man-made catastrophe" would "try to shift responsibility to Ukraine". The agency added that the move would define the Russian response to perceived failures. Russian authorities, which are currently occupying the site, have not commented on the allegations.