Taron Egerton, 32, left theatre audiences concerned as he fainted during a live performance of his latest West End play. The star was performing in a new production of Mike Bartlett’s 2009 play Cock alongside Jonathan Bailey when he passed out. Following the incident, a co-star halted the performance and put down a safety curtain. Audience member Sue Nelson wrote on Twitter that a doctor from the crowd took to the stage to help the star. The director of the play, Marianne Elliott, after a 40-minute break, came on stage to reassure audience members that Taron was okay. Marianne then said Taron’s understudy, Joel Harper-Jackson, would continue in his place for 15 minutes. READ MORE: Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby Twitter user Sue Nelson then updated Twitter again, saying that the news Taron was okay received applause from the audience. The play’s production team released a statement announcing the incident and how the doctor had helped. It read: “During this evening’s first preview of Mike Bartlett’s play Cock at the Ambassadors Theatre, Taron Egerton fainted towards the end of the performance. “A doctor who was in the audience attended to Taron immediately after the incident. “Whilst he felt fine, it was decided that Taron’s understudy, Joel Harper-Jackson would continue in the role to complete the performance.” Cock, which also stars Phil Daniels, follows the story of a gay couple who hit a bump in the road when one of them falls in love with a woman. Fans took to social media to praise Taron Egerton’s performance in the show, which is also his debut on the West End. Audiences praised his “sensational” performance. DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury says she's ‘lucky to be alive’ in new health update [UPDATE] Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [PHOTOS] ‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [INSIGHT] @ATDazzles penned: “To put some positivity back out there, I know it's not finished yet but @cocktheplayldn is one of the best plays I've ever seen. “And @TaronEgerton has been absolutely sensational in the role!” From Tuesday March 8, the show will continue to run as normal. It will run until 4th June. Taron is known for starring in blockbuster Hollywood films. He has played leading roles in Kinsgman: The Secret Service, as well as portraying Elton John in the biopic about the musician, Rocket Man. The Welsh actor, who began acting aged 15, won the Golden Globe for best actor in 2019 following his Rocket Man role. He is due to return in his role as Eggsy in the fourth instalment of the Kingsman film franchise.