The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) figures show that 180,000 people made a new claim for PIP between July and October last year. New claims are currently taking 24 weeks to complete, from registration to a decision being made. This means Britons who are considering making a new claim for PIP may wish to action this as soon as they can. Many people are put off claiming PIP as they don’t think their condition will qualify, however there are 2.8 million people across the UK claiming this benefit. Some 35 percent of these claimants receive the highest level of award so it is possible others can too. Britons could receive PIP payments between £23.70 and £152.15 each week to help them meet additional costs associated with having a disability. READ MORE: Dragons' Den investor emotional as pitchers decline 'lifeline' - 'Massive respect' A PIP claimant’s main disabling condition is recorded during their assessment in over 99 percent of cases. Of those claims that have had an assessment under normal DWP rules since July, 81 per cent of new claims and 88 percent of Disability Living Allowance (DLA) reassessment claims are recorded as having one of the five most common disabling conditions. They are: - Psychiatric disorders - 1,012,763 claimants. This includes mixed anxiety, stress, depressive and mood disorders, OCD and cognitive disorders- Musculoskeletal disease (general) - 572,996 claimants. This includes muscle or joint pain and arthritic conditions- Musculoskeletal disease (regional) - 336,458 claimants. This includes neck, back, shoulders, elbow, wrists, hands, hip, knee and ankle pain- Neurological disease - 369,246 claimants. This includes muscular dystrophy, epilepsy, headache, multiple sclerosis, neuropathy and other movement disorders- Respiratory disease - 126,833 claimants. This includes asthma, diseases of the upper respiratory tract, pulmonary fibrosis and cystic fibrosis PIP isn’t means-tested and is not affected by how much savings or income someone has. People don’t need to have worked or paid National Insurance contributions to qualify either. It also does not matter if people have any savings or if they are in or out of work. To be eligible people must have a health condition or disability where they: The DWP will judge the eligibility of someone’s PIP claim on a period of 12 months, looking back for three months and forward for nine months, as they must consider if your illness changes over time. PIP payment rates are set to change in April. These are the new rates: Enhanced rate: £92.40 (from £89.60)Standard rate: £61.85 (from £60.00) Enhanced rate: £64.50 (from £62.55)Standard rate: £24.45 (from £23.70) People need to meet certain criteria which is explained on the Citizens Advice website. Do I qualify for PIP? People who need help with any of the following because of their condition may want to consider applying: To start a claim for PIP, people can call 0800 917 2222 or they can ask someone to call on their behalf but they will need to be present. Applications can also be made by post but they will take longer.