Russian tabloid Kosmoslyaka Pravda said that according to official Russian Ministry of Defence numbers 9,861 troops have died. This is much higher than the official figures which claim the losses are only in the hundreds.  Yaroslav Trofimov, Chief Foreign Affairs Correspondent of The Wall Street Journal, posted the find on Twitter on Monday. He said: "Komsomolskaya Pravda, the pro-Kremlin tabloid, says that according to Russian ministry of defence numbers, 9,861 Russian soldiers died in Ukraine and 16,153 were injured. "The last official Russian KIA figure, on March 2, was 498. Fascinating that someone posted the leaked number. "Either KP has been hacked or someone there got the leaked numbers and posted them."  According to The Daily Star, Russian soldiers captured in Ukraine warned that their fellow troops were being thrown into mass graves. They also urged Russians to rise up against Putin and argued that Russia won't have enough troops to take over Ukraine. This view is supported by US Lt General Ben Hodges who argued that Russia had deployed half its manpower to invade Ukraine. The Daily Star argued last week that Moscow only had a week to invade Ukraine. READ MORE:Russian ambassador's chilling warning to NATO with hint at 'plans'  One soldier, Alexei Zheleznyak, who surrendered, said in a press conference that the Russian President was deliberately targeting civilians. He said: "Putin, without declaring war, is bombing residents, hospitals, cities of Ukraine. "People of Russia, don't look at the zombies. "The Ukrainian people are brave people. They will stop this (Russian) equipment even without weapons. They are united. DON'T MISS:  Putin hit with betrayal as Belarusian troops turn on Russian war [REVEAL] Russia and Ukraine edge closer to deal to bring war to an end [INSIGHT] Putin shamed as waves of young Russians flee [SPOTLIGHT]  "No matter how much Putin sends his troops here, he will not capture this territory... Our commander-in-chief is a liar and a deceiver of all our people. "He deceived not only us, but the whole of Russia. He simply made fascists out of us."  