James Haskell and his wife Chloe Madeley are expecting a baby girl, as Chloe has been keeping her followers up to date with her pregnancy. The pair are currently on a babymoon at a luxury resort in the Maldives, as James made a cheeky quip about his wife. James posted a photo of Chloe on his Instagram page, showing her posing in the ocean. She could be seen making a peace sign as she showed off her baby bump in a bikini. However, James couldn’t resist a cheeky comment on the post, joking she was a “sea cow”. He wrote in the caption: "B****y hell you go snorkelling and the first thing you see is a huge sea cow doing a mating display! READ MORE: 'Scrambling!' Stacey Solomon rushed in to replace Loose Women co-star  "She appears to think I’m her partner. “I didn’t know whether to harpoon it or feed it." James also shared a love heart emoji to finish his caption, teasing his wife. His followers were mixed over the joke, with some calling it hilarious while others thought it was a bit harsh.   Lyndseyharr1son replied: “[laughing emoji] poor Chloe!” Juicyb8813 wrote: “You are such a brave man. “I see presents in your future. Not for you, from you x.” The.dan.osman added: “Brave! Great pic - I obviously wholeheartedly disagree with the caption.” Chabba1989 penned: “Nice to see a couple taking a joke.” DON'T MISS... Richard Williams ‘doesn’t condone’ Will Smith Oscars slap [INSIGHT]Chris Rock breaks silence following Oscars altercation with Will Smith [VIDEO]Venus Williams suffers wardrobe malfunction during Oscars ceremony [PICTURES]   Ashley.azzopardi quipped: “Straight to hell for that one !” Azamatt345 added: “Not sure calling a pregnant woman a sea cow is a wise move hask (but feed it).” Lesleycole31 wrote: “You’re so bad, I think it’s a good thing Chloe knows you’re joking.” Chloe didn’t reply to the cheeky comment on James’ post. However, she did post the image on her own Instagram, adding: “I wanted to try it, too. @jameshaskell” Chloe, who is Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan’s daughter, is 21 weeks pregnant.  She announced the news on Instagram last month as James shared it on Good Morning Britain at the same time. However, she also revealed the reason she didn’t share the news before was because she had previously struggled to conceive. In a Q&A on Instagram, Chloe had written: “Well, I suppose there’s a few reasons why I’m not solely or constantly posting about being pregnant. “As wonderful as it is, there is actually a lot more to my life than the fact that I’m pregnant. Quite a lot more. “I remember when I was trying, for two years, and it was hard watching everyone around me get pregnant.” 