Piers Morgan, 56, released a video on Twitter today, announcing his new show, Piers Morgan Uncensored. In the video, he can be seen watching back the clip of him storming out of the GMB studio, before saying: "A year ago today, I was forced to leave a job that I loved at the peak of its success for having the audacity to express an honestly held opinion.  "This shouldn't happen in any democracy, supposedly built on the principles of free speech and freedom of expression. "I'm delighted to now be returning to live television, with a new primetime show, whose main purpose will be to cancel the cancel culture, which has infected societies around the world. "I want it to be a platform for lively, vigorous debate, newsmaking interviews, and that increasingly taboo three-letter word. Fun" He also took to Instagram to share a snap of the moment he stormed out of the GMB studio. The star has posted the photo with a caption recalling the moment, as he marked the one-year anniversary since he quit the show. He posted the tribute out to his 1.8 million followers and was met with some mixed comments. Piers’ caption included a quote from the late French singer, Edith Piaf, suggesting he regrets nothing about his decision to walk out of the studio. It comes after the presenter walked out of the GMB studio this time last year following colleague Alex Beresford’s comments regarding his criticism of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. READ MORE: BBC’s Clive Myrie flees Ukraine after gruelling journey His caption read: “A year ago today, I went for a little stroll… and in the words of Edith Piaf, je ne regrette rien! #LongWalkToFreedomOfSpeech." Fans and friends took to the comments to voice their opinions on the matter. His son, Spencer Morgan wrote: “The moment morning TV died.” Faye Dickinson commented: “Iconic moment #f***cancelculture.” Speaking on GMB last year, Piers said he had doubts about the accuracy of the account given by the Duchess of Sussex, in an interview with Oprah Winfrey, in which she spoke up about her mental health issues. Following a tense encounter with co-host Alex Beresford, Piers quit the show, explaining “freedom of speech is a hill I’m willing to die on,” on Twitter at the time. Bec3030 wrote: “I’ve not watched morning TV since.” The Meghan and Harry controversy is not Piers’ last, however. READ MORE... 'Horrible, tragic' Martin Lewis bids farewell after worrying warning [LATEST] ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [NEWS] Alex Scott talks co-star Gary Lineker's rare 'emotional' on-air moment [NEWS] The media star took to Twitter in response to the Met Office’s reveal of their International Woman’s Day campaign. The Met Office released a poster which included employees vowing to promote gender equality at work. One of the lines read: “I will maintain and promote generations equal mindset.” They captioned the image: “We’ll be sharing more stories from Met Office colleagues over on @MetOffice_Sci throughout the day.” The broadcaster quote tweeted the image with the comment: “What is this c**p?" “There’s a war on, just give us the weather and pipe down with this absurd virtue-signalling nonsense.” Piers' remarks sparked strong reactions from other Twitter users. ThomQ23 said: “If even this war in Ukraine doesn't stop the woke nonsense then what will?” TheRealInsano enquired: “Can you please tell me what you mean by woke?” 