 Emmerdale viewers have been watching Vinny Dingle (played by Bradley Johnson) and Liv Flaherty (Isobel Steele) grow closer in recent months as their romantic bond has developed. While Liv was in jail, having been wrongly convicted of murder, Vinny continuously worked to prove her innocence. Thankfully, his determination eventually paid off and Liv was released. Enjoying Liv’s newfound freedom, the couple recently took a big step in their relationship as they decided to tie the knot. Liv and Vinny got married in secret and have been quietly enjoying their new life as newlyweds. However, could an issue soon arise for the couple as they discuss their goals for the future?   On Monday night’s episode of the ITV soap, Vinny overheard some of his younger relatives gossiping about his relationship with Liv. Samson Dingle (Sam Hall) and Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) were playing video games as they chatted to Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley) and Vinny. Vinny was left with a puzzled expression on his face when Noah joked about him being “weird”. Mandy and Vinny left the house, leaving the two teenagers to continue their gaming session. READ MORE: Holly Willoughby in tears watching young Ukrainian girl singing  However, when Vinny returned to collect the coat he’d mistakenly left behind, he overheard Noah and Samson joking about his personal life. “Do you think him and Liv will ever have kids?” Samson asked. Noah remarked: “No, they don’t have sex and he’ll regret that one day.” Defending Vinny and Liv, Samson insisted: “I know, but they really like each other.” However, Noah swiftly hit back: “Yeah, that won’t last.”    “People say the sex doesn’t last,” Sampson said, with Noah laughing: “Well, only with the person that you’re married to!” “Don’t mind me,” Vinny said, making the teenagers aware of his presence. Turning round to see Vinny standing by the door, Noah attempted to defend his comments, saying: “Just showing an interest.” Vinny fumed: “And do you show that same interest in other people's relationships? “Yeah, I thought not,” he added, before storming out the house. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Chas Dingle star speaks out on ‘awful’ fight scene [INSIGHT]Jane McDonald endures ‘awkward’ reunion with man from her past [WATCH]Emmerdale exit for Mandy Dingle after uncovering Vinny betrayal? [SPOILERS]  Regular Emmerdale viewers will remember that Liv has spoken openly with Vinny about being asexual. Liv’s explained that she can feel romantic emotions towards people, but doesn’t experience sexual feelings. Vinny understands and accepts Liv’s sexuality, but could the comments made by Noah cast doubt in his mind? While Vinny is currently happy with his relationship with Liv, could the prospect of potentially not having kids cause tension?   If Vinny approaches the subject of having children it could cause Liv to feel under pressure. As the newlyweds discuss their goals for the future, could they realise their wants and needs don’t align? Will Vinny and Liv’s happy marriage come crashing down? Viewers will have to tune in to find out their fate. Emmerdale airs weeknights at 7pm on ITV. 