Everton boss Frank Lampard has spoken out on the sanctions imposed against Chelsea's Russian owner, Roman Abramovich, which threaten to derail his former club's financial situation. The Blues are reportedly scrambling behind the scenes to reach an arrangement with the UK government that would allow them to resume normal service as quickly as possible. Abramovich announced his intention to sell Chelsea as the fallout from Russia's invasion of Ukraine began to take shape. But the latest measures from the UK government has ensured that the Russian, who took over at Stamford Bridge in 2003, will not be able to profit from the sale. The Blues were issued a special license by the government which allows them to fulfil their fixtures and pay staff, but they are currently unable to sell more tickets, sell club merchandise, offer new contracts or buy players. Even so, Thomas Tuchel's men put their troubles to one side on Thursday evening as they came away from Carrow Road with a 3-1 win. JUST IN: Berbatov suggests Ronaldo's potential Man Utd exit plan after 'agent talks' - EXCLUSIVE Trevoh Chalobah, Mason Mount and Kai Havertz were amongst the goals as Chelsea put on a convincing display for the travelling fans, who chanted Abramovich's name before kick-off. Everton are in a much more precarious position, particularly after being thrashed by Tottenham last time out, but Lampard still found the time to address the Blues' worries on Friday.  "A lot of players would just concentrate on the job in hand," he said, "I tried to do it as a player. But this is a bit bigger than that. "I understand that there is some doubt in the future and not just at Chelsea. READ MORE: 4 forgotten Chelsea stars who may return after Abramovich sanctions "We live watching the news every day and understand what's happening in the world has a bigger perspective than ever. "So maybe a contract position that you might have or a free transfer is not the main thing. Maybe it's what's going on in the world."  Indeed, Russian President Vladimir Putin's military assault on Ukraine has caused millions to flee the country as the civilian death toll rises. Sympathy for Abramovich is therefore relatively scarce in English football, although many Chelsea fans continue to mourn the end of an era that has seen them rake in silverware over the past 19 years. The Telegraph claim that three American groups are the main contenders to take over in west London, involving Todd Boehly, the Ricketts family and Woody Johnson. As it stands, Abramovich would need to relinquish control without receiving a penny, and it remains to be seen whether he will do so for the good of the club. On Thursday, Tuchel said: "I am still happy to be here and still happy to be manager of a strong team. I know there is a lot of noise around. "It’s quite a big change from yesterday to today but yeah we can’t influence it, we didn’t cause the situation."