Jonathan Pratt is best known for his in-depth antique knowledge on not only Bargain Hunt, but its sister shows Flog It! and Antiques Road Trip as well. Besides the interest surrounding the discoveries that are found in these daytime shows, BBC viewers are keen to know more about the experts when they are away from the camera. Jonathan Pratt, who has featured in these series for several years, is one who's caught the interest of fans. As well as a love of jewellery, Jonathan specialises in English furniture and Persian carpets. His passion most likely developed when his antique career kicked off as a furniture porter at Philips Auctioneers in Edinburgh. He moved on to work for valuation company Philips in London and then for Dreweatt-Neate Auctioneers in Donnington. Jonathan progressed to managing director at Bellmans in 2005 which prepared him for his latest role. READ MORE: Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star Around two years ago, Jonanthan was made the managing director of Dreweatts 1759, a company that works with fine art, watches and furniture. When he isn't working hard tracking down some amazing finds, Jonathan is spending time with his loved ones in their home county of Hampshire. The antique expert is married with four children and three dogs who he loves to run about with around the Hampshire countryside, according to his BBC profile. He also has a "30-year skiing habit he can’t kick and a love-hate relationship with a guitar". Bargain Hunt expert Jonathan Pratt was born in 1972 and is now around 49-years-old. He is one of the younger members of the cast with Philip Serrell, 67, Caroline Hawley, 55, and Mark Stacey, 57, among the oldest. On the other end of the spectrum are 42-year-old Roo Irvine, 35-year-old Natasha Raskin Sharp and Tim Weeks who is also believed to be in his 30s. It isn't known, however, how old Jonathan's wife and four children are. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street heartache as Abi Franklin flees with Imran Habeeb? [THEORY]Bargain Hunt expert David Harper recalls going ‘ballistic’ at daughter [EXPLAINER]Caroline Hawley husband: Who is the Bargain Hunt expert's husband? [CAST] As with the rest of the Bargain Hunt cast, Jonathan is very private when it comes to his personal life. On his social media accounts, he very rarely gives an insight into his life away from work. He has previously shared a few wide-shot pictures on Instagram which show his children are reasonably young but tends not to discuss them online. When asked by the BBC about how he spends his free time, Jonathan joked: "I’m learning to play the guitar. I love gardening, I have four children, There’s no time left." Jonathan and the Bargain Hunt team are going to be venturing to Wales in the next episode of Bargain Hunt. The synopsis reads: "Christina Trevanion is in Wrexham, where experts Jonathan Pratt and Tim Weeks guide the teams as they look for the best items to take to auction in Dudley. "Also, Christina visits St Winefride’s Well to find out about its gruesome but fascinating history." Bargain Hunt is available to watch weekdays at 12.15pm on BBC One.