After more than a year of wondering where Tina (played by Luisa Bradshaw-White) vanished to, her family received the devastating news on Friday's EastEnders - the body found in the Square was Tina. Unbeknownst to them, lawyer Gray Atkins (Toby-Alexander Smith) murdered her after she realsied he killed his wife. Mick star Danny Dyer stunned fans last year when it was announced he was leaving the BBC soap. With Linda (Kellie Bright) now gone and the fact Tina's horrific death happened on the Square, could Mick make his exit soon along with Shirley (Linda Henry)? Mick has had a tough few months, with his once-perfect marriage coming to an explosive end. With the news Tina, who was raised as his sister. In Friday's double-episode, he finally found out she was dead and her body had been found buried underneath the Argee Bhajee. Mick struggled to comprehend the news, tearfully stating: "I can't believe she's gone. "I don't want everyone knowing, I'm not ready for the questions." READ MORE: Shane Warne dead: Australia cricket legend dies aged 52 Shirley sobbed: "She ended up five minutes away - somewhere, rotting." "Shut up!" Mick snapped, unable to think about what had happened. Coincidentally, Mick's daughter Frankie (Rose Ayling-Ellis) returned to the Square after being away for months. "It's awful," she told him after he broke the news to her. "Where's Linda?" She asked, unaware of recent events. "She's not coming back, we're getting a divorce," he explained. He continued: "It's okay, it doesn't matter. Nothing really matters anymore." Later, Shirley and Mick shared memories of Tina. "I can't do it, I don't want to go on without her anymore," Shirley cried. "Don't say that," Mick replied. He urged Shirley to stop blaming herself. DON'T MISS... Call the Midwife star opens up on character trauma 'knocked sideways' [VIDEO]Dad’s Army star speaks out on John Le Mesurier 'Felt sorry for him' [LATEST]A Place in the Sun's Ben Hillman slapped down by guest 'Bad books' [VIDEO]  "We're going to find out who did this to her," he assured his mother. He continued: "We're going to find the scum that did this and we're going to make them pay. "With or without the old bill, they're going to pay, do you understand me?" With Danny's exit set to happen this year, could Mick become overwhelmed with everything that's happened in his family and decide to make a fresh start? It's possible he might take his young son Ollie (Harry Farr) and leave the Square with Shirley. With Frankie now back, he might leave her and Nancy Carter (Maddy Hill) to run the pub. Shirley has spent a year looking for her sister, and now she knows Tina is gone, she might want to move on with Mick. Having been in the soap since 2006, and in that time has experienced a lot of tragedy. From the murder of her best friend, Heather Trott (Cheryl Fergison) and discovering her son Dean Wicks (Matt Di Angelo) was a rapist, Shirley might decide following the most recent blow to her family that she needs to leave Walford. Could the two favourites be making their exits soon? Fans were upset to hear that popular landlord Mick would be waving goodbye soon, and Shirley fans would probably be just as disappointed. With the awful news about Tina and Linda now gone for good, it would make sense for Mick to make his departure. Will Nancy and Frankie be the only remaining Carters in Albert Square? EastEnders continues on Monday at 8pm on BBC One.