Ruby Shelby (played by Orla McDonagh) tragically died in the most recent episode of Peaky Blinders after suffering from tuberculosis. Tommy Shelby (Cillian Murphy) was determined to help his daughter and went off in search of what he thought was the cause of her illness, a gypsy curse. However, in a cruel twist of fate, could Tommy be responsible for his daughter contracting the disease and will he fall victim to it himself? One Peaky Blinders fan has pointed out this isn’t the first time Tommy has lost someone to tuberculosis. In a Reddit forum, chocolate_on_toast wrote: “Tommy's first love was Greta Jurossi who died of TB before the war. “Her sister told Jessie Eden that Tommy was at her bedside every day for three months until she died. “TB is highly infectious but doesn't always cause severe illness. Some people only have mild symptoms and then the disease goes dormant.” Read more: Peaky Blinders cursed sapphire explained as Tommy Shelby suffers loss “They can carry it unknowingly for decades until someday it activates again, often due to stress on the immune system (i.e. another disease triggers the TB to take advantage of the weakened body),” they continued. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, many people who have “latent TB infection never develop TB disease”. “In these people, the TB bacteria remain inactive for a lifetime without causing disease. “But in other people, especially people who have a weak immune system, the bacteria become active, multiply, and cause TB disease.” The Reddit user pointed out the symptoms of the active disease are “chronic cough, weight loss, night sweats, fever [and] fatigue” to name a few. Tommy was seen coughing frequently in season five and has been experiencing severe night terrors in the current season. “I think he's been carrying latent TB caught from Greta, infected Ruby four or five years ago, who also had a mild version,” the fan continued. “Ruby's recent fever which brought Tommy running home from America activated her dormant TB. DON'T MISSPeaky Blinders fans in tears as beloved character dies 'So cruel!' [INSIGHT]Was Tommy Shelby a real MP for Birmingham South? [INSIGHT]Peaky Blinders star on why they quit as Tommy Shelby took centre stage [INTERVIEW] “Tommy's finally had a chest X-ray. Is he going to find out he infected his own daughter? Are they going to find lung cancer?” The gang leader felt responsible for his daughter’s illness but blamed a gypsy curse. Despite Lizzie Shelby’s (Natasha O’Keeffe) pleas to stay by his daughter’s bedside, Tommy went off in search of answers. However, when he eventually returned it was too late and he didn’t get the chance to say goodbye to Ruby. Other Peaky Blinders fans agreed with the theory as Reddit user BMTHJessi wrote: "I assumed they’d write that Ruby infected him but it’s definitely more in the spirit of Peaky Blinders for Tommy to find out he infected her. “They want Tommy to suffer HARD this season. Just losing his kid isn’t enough. “It’s also a cool way of tying together the past and the future. And it has that sobering effect of rendering all of the gang wars, politics, money chasing etc completely for nothing. Because this fate was brewing inside Tommy the whole time, starting way back in the Greta days.” “That’s a realllyyy interesting take. I didn’t even think of Greta when TB was mentioned. Good theory!!” CoreliaUnderwood added. (sic) Peaky Blinders continues on BBC One on Sunday at 9pm.