The state pension age is set to change in the future, and this could cause many people to alter their retirement plans. Britons can find out online whether they are impacted by the changes. The state pension age dictates when people can start receiving their state pension. Currently, the new state pension is worth up to £179.60 a week, or £9,339.20 a year. This amount will rise to £185.15 from April 2022, providing an extra £288.60 for a full year. Many people use the state pension as the foundation of their retirement, topping it up with personal pensions to provide for their post-working life. READ MORE: ‘I am concerned!’ Martin Lewis issues warning to every household earning under £30,000 With this in mind, changes to the state pension age could impact when Britons are able to retire in the future. The state pension is currently set at age 66 in the UK. This applies to both men and women. DON'T MISSNationwide offers 2.5% interest on savings but building society warns 'limited time only’ [SAVING]POLL: Do you actually want Rishi Sunak’s mandatory energy bill ‘loan’? [POLL]TV licence: How to get 50 percent off your bill or get it for free [INSIGHT] However, two changes to the state pension age have been scheduled by the Government which will raise the age at which people can access their state pension. The state pension age is set to rise to 67 by 2028. It will then increase again to age 68 by 2046, under the current plans. This means people retiring in the future may have to wait an extra two years before collecting their state pension, depending on when they were born. A review of the state pension age is ongoing, and will be completed by May 7, 2023. The review will determine whether the Government’s current plans for the state pension age are appropriate. Britons can use the Gov.uk website to check what their state pension age is projected to be. All someone needs to do is enter their date of birth, and they can find out what their state pension age is estimated as, and the date they will reach it. The service can also reveal when someone will become eligible for Pension Credit, which is a benefit paid to people of state pension age who are on lower incomes. An individual’s Pension Credit qualifying age is usually the same as their state pension age. They can also check when they will be entitled to free bus travel. In England, the free bus pass age is usually the same as someone’s state pension age. However, those who live in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland can get a free bus pass at age 60.