Crown Princess Mary of Denmark married Prince Frederik in 2004. He proposed to her with a ring that was not only extraordinarily pretty, but patriotic too. Prince Frederik proposed to his beloved with a central emerald-cut diamond flanked by a pair of ruby baguettes. Tiffany & Co stated: “Emerald-cut diamonds are sought after for their understated glamour and eye-catching depth. “This octagonal step-cut features parallel, rectangular facets, and it is the large, open table that highlights the stone’s pure colour and icy clarity. The emerald cut is a suitable choice for those seeking an Art Deco-inspired engagement ring style.” But the most interesting aspect of the Crown Princess’ engagement ring is certainly the rubies. READ MORE: The national flag of Denmark is red with a white Scandinavian cross, with the vertical part shifted to the hoist side. Prince Frederik is the future King of Denmark, and this ring symbolised that Mary would not only be marrying him but his country too. After their wedding, Crown Princess Mary began stacking her engagement ring with her diamond-set wedding band, as is typical. However, in recent years she altered the ring, adding two more diamonds on each side. DON'T MISS The Court Jeweller stated: “I like the change; I think it makes the ring look more substantial — certainly a piece fit for a future Queen. “And the ring can now be seen with additional symbolic weight, as the five stones could stand for the crown princess’s husband and their four children.” Like any royal style choice, people have taken to providing their praise and distaste for the ring. Under The Court Jeweller’s blog post, @tjctjc2002 commented: “In designing rings, patriotism wouldn't be my first consideration. “My first consideration would tactfully be convincing my husband that as a jewellery designer, he makes a great Crown Prince. As a ring, this is a giant yawn.” @disqus_748stlPwZN seconded this: “That's the problem with marrying a crown prince, you're not just taking on the bloke, you're also taking on his country." Others adored the symbolic ring, with @lisfyre commending the choice: “I've always liked this ring - both in the original format and the newest configuration. “I think it suits HRH CP Mary very well - active mum, style icon, Princess and future Queen. It's perfect. “It's a lot better than Princess Marie's which I think is downright ugly.” The court Jewellers described Princess Marie's ring as “perhaps the most controversial royal engagement ring of all time”. The trio of stones, a ruby, diamond and sapphire, mimics the French flag and is a nod to the royal’s roots. Princess Patricia, @disqus_tcRf5S7cPe, stated: “I love this ring and I'd wear it in a heartbeat.” In the UK Royal Family, there have also been some rather unique engagement rings, from the Queen Mother’s huge pearl to Princess Eugenie’s rare padparadscha sapphire.