It is located in Gostomel, near Kyiv, less than five miles from Gostomel airport - which is now a battlefield. The animal shelter has been rocked by three shellings so far. The four people running the shelter are trying to keep alive over 700 animals, including dogs and cats, and are appealing for public support through their unique fundraiser. However, it seems impossible since electricity and water at the shelter have been cut off for over a month now - and supplies are very limited. Writing on their website, staff at Gostomel Shelter said: “We are in desperate need of food for our dogs and cats because the invaders have surrounded us. “We have been fired upon three times and it is impossible to make food deliveries.” Click here to support the shelter The hundreds of animals are trapped in the shelter, suffering continuous attacks, since there is no green corridor to evacuate them. The shelter is under a blockade since roads and bridges are broken between Kyiv and Gostomel - and they do not have access to supplies. Staff of the shelter have rescued many pets left behind by Ukrainians fleeing their homes. Trapped in the line of fire, many dogs at the shelter have been killed. The shelter has also suffered property damage of over £20,000 and is now urgently calling for donations, in order to save the animals. Kyiv-based PR agency Bickerstaff came up with the idea to spread the word and raise as many donations as possible. They are recording “every woof, bark and sniff” that the dogs make, distributing these to musicians encouraging them to incorporate the sounds into songs. On a website dedicated to the project, the shelter calls for hip-hop artists to participate and request recordings in order to make beats for their songs. Reaching out to musicians, the team said: “Gostomel pups are tough guys. “They are children of the streets, they've seen life and know how it smells, tastes and how much it costs.” They added: “We've thought that the ones who can feel the real street children from Gostomel are street children all over the world. "We mean all the dopest rappers.”