A blast of air from the Arctic has prompted a flurry of snow across eastern parts of the country overnight. But according to the latest weather maps, parts of the UK can expect further snowfall today (March 31).  Meteoradar weather maps show snow is falling right now in some eastern and central areas of the UK, as of Thursday morning. But according to WXCharts winter overview maps, snow is on the radar for most areas of England and Wales today. Light snowfall has been recorded as far south as London on Thursday morning. WXCharts maps also recorded that significant snow depth has already accumulated across many areas of the UK.   READ MORE: Marbella reels from storm damage costing more than £569,000 Overnight, West Yorkshire reportedly saw several hours of snowfall, meaning many woke up to a blanket this morning. Other northern areas like Manchester and Durham also saw a significant dusting last night. Across eastern parts of the UK, from Scotland to the Midlands, the Met Office has issued a yellow ice warning from 9pm until 10am on Friday. The Met Office warned that "snow and hail showers could lead to icy surfaces", and warned people of possible travel disruption. A snow and ice warning has been issued between midnight and 10am on Friday for coastal areas of southeast England, affecting Canterbury and surrounding areas as well as parts of Suffolk and Essex.   On Wednesday the Met Office warned the main areas at risk of snowfall this week are "higher ground in the north and east". Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist Helen Caughey said: “Cold and unsettled weather takes charge over much of the UK this week, as cold air is drawn in from the north, bringing with it the risk of rain, sleet and snow, and a widespread drop in temperatures. “Although there’s still some uncertainty on the exact location of snow showers, the trend is for a mix of sleet and snow to fall as a cold front moves south through on Wednesday, before clearing southern areas on Thursday morning, with the main areas at risk of snowfall being higher ground in the north and east. "The best of any clear and sunny spells through the rest of this week are likely to be in the south and west of the UK, albeit feeling colder compared to last week.”  DON'T MISS:UK weather forecast: Bone-chilling Scandinavia blast to freeze Britain [FORECAST]Where will it snow in the UK over the next 24 hours- forecast [INSIGHT]Weather Dave warns not to plant tenders before the end of May [ANALYSIS] The arrival of snow this week has been coupled with chilling temperatures into the minuses. The Met Office warned isolated rural areas of northern Scotland could see temperatures as low as -8C this week. WXCharts minimum temperature charts show a freezing picture for the UK on Thursday, with the cold potentially reaching the minuses across the board. Minimum temperatures of -1C and -2C are forecast for England, while temperatures could plummet to -3C in parts of Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland today. 