Following the end of the service the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were able to spend some time talking to Charles, who was standing in for the Queen. Lip reading expert Jeremy Freeman told the Mirror that Prince Charles appeared to be making some future plans with William and Kate.  The Prince of Wales reportedly said: “We are going to pop in and see you all.” It appears that these plans have been made for when the Cambridges return from their weeklong royal tour of the Caribbean later this month. This would allow Charles to spend some quality time with his three grandchildren Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Charles has five grandchildren in total, including Prince Harry and Megan Markle’s children Archie and Lilibet.  Previously there have been claims that the future King has been unhappy about the amount of time he has been able to spend with his grandchildren. This was something that Prince William admitted in an interview to mark Charles’ 70th birthday in 2018. He said: “I would like him to have more time with the children… to, you know, play around with the grandchildren. “When he's there, he's brilliant, but we need him there as much as possible.” READ MORE: Anne Boleyn breakthrough: 'Unknown' evidence about Henry VIII exposed  Due to this concern, Kate urged Charles to visit the family at their Norfolk house Anmer Hall during the summer of 2020. She also undertook the logistical challenge of getting her family back home from a break in the Isles of Scilly to coincide with his visit. As a result, Charles was able to give his grandson Prince George his seventh birthday present. However, he has not since his grandson Archie since the Duke and Duchess of Sussex left for the USA in 2020. DON'T MISS:  Kate dazzles at Commonwealth service sending royal fans into frenzy [REVEAL] Queen sparks major health concerns 'She's no longer a power'  [INSIGHT] Royal Family LIVE: 'Destructive' Harry and Meghan issued warning  [SPOTLIGHT]  Prince Charles has never met his granddaughter Lilibet who was born in California in June 2021 and hasn’t yet been brought to the UK.