Contestants Jean, Amo, Elenor and Henry were welcomed onto Tuesday's instalment of Tipping Point on ITV. In the opening round, librarian Jean was left red-faced when host Ben Shephard took a cheeky swipe at her after she answered a book-related question incorrectly. Viewers were left in shock when she also got the answer to a four-letter anagram question wrong.  During the instalment, Amo was leading the way after raising £650 in the opening round, with the others miles behind. However, when B en asked a book-related question, former school librarian Jean, from Gloucester, was confident she knew the answer. When Ben asked which author wrote the 1815 novel Emma, the retired librarian thought the answer was Charlotte Brontë, however, the correct answer was in fact, Jane Austen. Ben was left stunned by Jean's incorrect answer and teased her by saying: "Librarians will be furious with you there Jean."  READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot? It only got worse for Jean when Ben later asked: "The word loaf is an anagram for what word?" Jean confidently pushed her buzzer and said she thought the answer was the word "four". However, Ben replied: "The word loaf is which anagram of the word for a young horse? It was a foal. "Sadly Jean I am going to have to freeze you out. You went for it and I like that fact you did as well but you were certainly wrong."  Viewers were left up in arms following Jean's errors, with many pointing out they thought she would have got them right following her career background. @MrEvilSkeletor fumed: "How can you mix up the Brontë Sisters with Jane Austen? #TippingPoint" "Jean works in a library and thinks Charlotte Brontë wrote Emma and an anagram for loaf is four #TippingPoint", @Miss_Vix88 added. Steve Lowe raged: "How do you get F-O-U-R from LOAF?! #TippingPoint" DON'T MISS...Tipping Point's Ben Shephard frustrated by player's final performance [VIDEO]Tipping Point fans fume as they spot pattern in show [REACTION]Tipping Point fans gobsmacked at players' 'historic' victory [MUST SEE] Unfortunately Jean did not last much longer in the competition and she had to leave the show empty-handed after being the lowest scoring contestant in the second round. Following her defeat, she said: "Thanks ever so much, it's been great and really enjoyable." Many viewers took to Twitter as she left the stage, with Daz remarking: "Great and enjoyable is how Jean described her day #tippingpoint." The player to make it through to the final of the episode was Amo who told Ben he wanted to give all of his prize money away to charity if he won the jackpot.  Despite a strong start, Amo struggled with a variety of questions, including one about the rock band Blondie, in the final round. In the end, the managing director walked away with £3,800 which he wanted to donate to charity. While he missed out on the jackpot, Amo told Ben: "It's been unbelievable, thank you so much." Tipping Point continues weekdays at 4pm on ITV. 