At the age of 40, Tom was diagnosed as clinically obese and weighed around 40 stone. The NHS explains that obesity is a common problem and is estimated to affect around one in every four adults in the UK. Being obese comes with multiple risk factors. In addition to obvious physical changes, it can lead to a number of potentially life-threatening conditions such as type 2 diabetes, coronary heart disease, breast cancer, bowel cancer and stroke. Deciding to make drastic changes to his diet and incorporating exercise into his daily routine, Tom was able to lose an impressive amount of weight, but keeping it off has proved to be a challenge. His 2020 show Lose Weight and Get Fit with Tom Kerridge, the chef and 11 others were documented during their weight loss journey. Each participant was measured using special machinery at Hartpury College in his native Gloucester, and for Tom especially, this brought about surprising results. Stepping on the scales, the chef saw that his weight had crept up to 22 stone and the percentage of body fat around his organs was double the recommended level, putting him at high risk of heart disease. Cardiovascular disease (CVD), also known as heart and circulatory disease is an umbrella name for conditions that affect the heart and circulation.  READ MORE: Covid: The 'No 1' symptom seen in the UK right now - making up 75% of symptomatic cases  Commenting on the results of his health tests, Tom said: “That’s a shock. “I did not think I was in danger." “A few years ago I lost a load of weight but lately, it’s started creeping back on again,” he said on the show. “We can make all the excuses in the world but the scales don’t lie. I’ve been eating all the pies.”  After getting their results, the group embarked on a two month health journey which saw them exercising in a rugby training ground, as well as jogging around the Gloucester Quays. Although the chef narrowly escaped a diagnosis of heart disease, for the 7.6 million people living with heart or circulatory disease in the UK it remains a serious illness. The BHF explains that potential symptoms of heart disease include the following: The condition is diagnosed by a medical professional, and can be determined after the results of certain tests such as a blood test, chest x-ray, CT scan and electrocardiogram (ECG).  Although the condition cannot be cured, treatment can help to manage any of the above symptoms and reduce the risk of individuals suffering from heart attacks. Treatment options include: Similarly to Tom, preventing heart disease is possible and can be achieved by making some simple lifestyle changes. The main changes that you can make include the following: 