Lil Bremermann-Richard, CEO of Oxford International Education Group, said: “Having a professional standard of English is essential for studying and working in the UK. It means non-native speakers can achieve more control over their own futures. It also gives them the confidence to join in and share within English speaking societies.” “We offer a range of our English language courses available free of charge to refugees and displaced people in the UK. The announcement is a response to the war in Ukraine and reflects our commitment to provide access to learning without limits.” Ms Bremermann-Richard added: “The war in Ukraine has highlighted the fragility of peace and the need for human connection. At a time like this it is only right that we as educators play our part in ensuring that refugees and displaced people get access to learning so they can benefit from understanding and achieve more control over their own futures. “We believe more can be done to bridge the gap between refugees adapting to life in the UK and finding work. That’s why we are calling on businesses in the UK to use these free tools to help new employees with cultural understanding and language skills." While it's not essential to be fluent in English to get a job in the UK, it is certainly a handy skill to have. Many jobs may be unsafe without these skills even if that was your job in Ukraine, such as being a fireman or a surgeon, where it's important to know the safety procedures. Politician Chris Skidmore said: “Already we have witnessed the tragedy of over a million desperate families fleeing Ukraine, in search of a safer life. Many will be seeking new jobs and will be seeking to gain confidence in their English language skills.” You can still apply for jobs while you are improving your language skills. However, there are some jobs you can apply for where fluency in English isn't necessary. These could be jobs where there is little interaction with customers, such as cleaning or pet sitting, where only basic English may be required. Alternatively, you could look for manual jobs such as in warehouses, factory jobs such as in food production, or perhaps building or fruit picking. If you want to improve your English to get more job options, there are plenty of free English language courses available to you.