The last time George RR Martin gave an update on the progress of Winds of Winter was in 2021. The sixth book in the series was announced after the release of the fifth book - A Dance with Dragons - which was subsequently released in July 2011. Now that the HBO TV show, Game of Thrones, has come to an end, all eyes are on Martin and his release schedule for Winds of Winter. But it doesn't seem like he'll be dropping the novel at any point soon - if his latest blog is anything to go by. Martin recently touched base with his fans on his Not A Blog website. After musing about many of the projects he is working on, he belaboured his frustration. Martin said: "I know, I know, for many of you out there, only one of those projects matters. I am sorry for you. They ALL matter to me." "Yes, of course I am still working on THE WINDS OF WINTER," he explained, before adding how tired he is becoming of the subject. He added: "I have stated that a hundred times in a hundred venues, having to restate it endlessly is just wearisome." The 73-year-old then gave the newest information about the book to date. Martin said: "I made a lot of progress on WINDS in 2020, and less in 2021… but 'less' is not 'none.'" He then went into detail about how, although Winds of Winter is important to the overarching story he is telling, there are other things on his plate. Martin explained: "The world of Westeros, the world of A SONG OF ICE & FIRE, is my number one priority, and will remain so until the story is told. But Westeros has become bigger than THE WINDS OF WINTER, or even A SONG OF ICE & FIRE." Martin also revealed that he has a number of Songs of Ice and Fire projects going on at the moment, one of which he is thinking about renaming. READ MORE: Winds of Winter delay: George RR Martin sparks delay fears Martin spoke openly about how the second volume of Fire & Blood may be renamed to Blood & Fire instead, just to change it up. On top of that, the American writer is working on the next issues of the Dunk & Egg novellas. What's more, the author is working on a "lavish coffee table book" that illustrates the aforementioned Fire & Blood books. He nonchalantly added: "And another book after that, a Who’s Who in Westeros. And that’s just the books." DON'T MISS...Winds of Winter delay: George RR Martin sparks delay fears [NEWS]Winds of Winter: George RR Martin offers hope on Game of Thrones book [INSIGHT]Game of Thrones ending bombshell 'George RR Martin had HBO worries' [INFO] Beyond that, Martin is still working hard on the House of the Dragon TV show. The new series focuses on the Targaryen family, hundreds of years before the events of Game of Thrones. And while he is involved in the production of the series, he was keen to assure his fans he still had time for his upcoming sequel book. Martin finished out his lengthy blog post by listing out the projects he is working on. He wrote: "And me? I will continue to work with the writers and showrunners and directors and producers on all these shows. Plus ROADMARKS for HBO, and DARK WINDS for AMC, and WILD CARDS for UCP and Peacock. And NIGHT OF THE COOTERS should be finished this month." He venomously added: "And in addition to all that, let me say one again, yes, I am still working on WINDS OF WINTER." The Winds of Winter does not yet have a release date. SOURCE