Manchester United hero Gary Neville is fearful that his old foes Liverpool could kick on and claim an unprecedented quadruple this season. The Reds have already got their hands on the Carabao Cup after beating Chelsea back in February, and are still in with a shout of claiming the Premier League, Champions League and FA Cup. The Premier League title race is finely poised between Manchester City and Liverpool, while both English heavyweights are also firmly in the mix when it comes to European glory. Ominously for the Sky Blues, however, Jurgen Klopp's side appear to have hit top form at the perfect time. Neville made a living out of antagonising Liverpool as a Red Devil, and the 12-time Premier League winner is now fearful that his former rivals could get their hands on four different trophies this campaign. "I think Liverpool will win the league," he said on The Overlap, "I think they’re dangerous in the other two competitions and they can do something special because of the five strikers they’ve got. JUST IN: Man Utd and Ajax 'have already discussed' Erik ten Hag announcement and compensation fee   "People see the midfield at Liverpool as maybe the weakness. I think it’s the strength. Because of the discipline and their subservient nature – Fabinho, Thiago and Henderson – means they just hold the rest of the team together. "I really do worry that they will go and win three or four trophies." Such an achievement could tarnish the legacy of United's legendary treble in 1999, which saw them win the Premier League, Champions League and FA Cup. READ MOREMohamed Salah and Egypt targeted with lasers by Senegal fans in World Cup play-off deciderSadio Mane sends Senegal to World Cup as Liverpool team-mate Mo Salah skies penaltyAjax director shines light on Erik ten Hag mindset after completing Man Utd interview Klopp and co have already rubber-stamped another date at Wembley where they will face City in the FA Cup semi-finals next month. A relatively favourable Champions League draw will see them face Benfica in the last eight, before a likely encounter with German giants Bayern Munich. The Reds are just a single point behind City in the Premier League and Pep Guardiola's side will be desperate to disrupt their rival's quadruple bid. The Sky Blues experienced European heartbreak last season when they were pipped in the final by Chelsea, and boasted a healthy points advantage in the Premier League this season before Liverpool came roaring back. With a crucial league meeting between the sides pencilled in for April 10, Klopp has already talked up its importance: "We have to be at our absolute best to play the best possible season for us and unfortunately, only twice a year in the Premier League, we face the other team [City]," he said. "The first one was a draw where we were not brilliant but good enough to get a point, and the next one is not played yet and we have to play the other teams including Tottenham and United as well. We don't sit here and count those points as done and then we wait for the middle of April for the City game."