Our House is based on the bestselling book of the same name by Louise Candlish. The novel is now being brought to life as an ITV thriller that will air over four consecutive nights. Express.co.uk has everything you need to know about the cast of Our House. Bram is the husband in the four-part drama who becomes estranged from his wife. The series will flit between the earlier days of their marriage when they were loved up to the present day when things are a lot more complicated.  READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? Fi is Bram's wife who is left confused when she returns home one day to find that their property had been sold to another family. Distressed, Fi tries to get hold of Bram but is unable to reach him which leaves her with more questions than answers. Actress Tuppence Middleton portrayed Russian aristocrat Hélène Kuragina in the mini-series War and peace. Some of her other parts have been in Friday Night Dinner, Downton Abbey, The Imitation Game, Dickensian and Sense8. Prior to starring in Our House, actor Rupert Penry-Jones was DI Joseph Chandler in Whitechapel. Most recently, he played Mayor Don Mitchell in the new Batman film alongside Robert Pattison as the titular superhero. Besides from these, Penry-Jones has been in Cold Comfort Farm, Spooks and The Strain. He will be portraying Toby, Fi's new love interest in Our House. DON'T MISS...NCIS' Pauley Perrette issues passionate plea against Ukrainian war [CAST]Is Our House based on a true story? [EXPLAINER]Amanda Redman shares 'trepidation' ahead of season 4 [SPOILERS] While Fi starts seeing Toby on the side, Bram also has a new romance in his life. He starts seeing Wendy but how will these relationships impact Bram and Fi's living arrangements? Actress Buket Komur is relatively new to the entertainment industry with just a few credits to her name. Other cast members include: Merle - Weruche Opia Alison - Bronagh Waugh Saskia - Celinde Schoenmaker DS McGowan - Lu Corfield Our House will consist of four episodes in total, reaching its climax on Thursday, March 10. Our House premieres on Monday, March 7, at 9pm on ITV.