Brexit saw the UK cut ties with the EU after years of negotiation in early 2021, with the first anniversary of the landmark moment celebrated two months ago. The issue continues to permeate British politics, and Ms Truss features prominently in the debate. She is the sole official able to invoke the feared Article 16, a safeguarding mechanism attached to the Northern Ireland Protocol that can break the UK's trade obligations in a flash. Article 16, if invoked, would allow either the UK or EU to protect their economies in the event of “serious economic, societal or environmental difficulties that are liable to persist, or to diversion of trade”. By its nature, actions taken via the measure are “restricted with regard to their scope and duration”. Tories have called for officials to invoke Article 16 to axe the protocol's so-called Irish Sea border they see as unnecessary EU oversight. READ MORE: Jacob Rees-Mogg bats down Verhofstadt desire to see UK rejoin EU Ms Truss is among those who have signalled their objection and has previously threatened using the article to resolve the dispute. An ally of hers recently said the option remains "very much on the table", and that she is "100 percent prepared to use it". But for now, according to the Daily Telegraph, she has shelved potential plans to focus on the crisis in Ukraine. The publication reported over the weekend that she had written to the Prime Minister arguing for closer economic ties to Northern Ireland. She has proposed a "unilateral green lane" to allow goods to cross the Irish Sea with minimal paperwork. Her goal, the Telegraph added, is to minimise potential disputes with the EU at a time when international unity was vital. The ally added that she also intends to defend "peace and stability" in Northern Ireland, something experts have warned triggering Article 16 might threaten. Ms Truss' measured response will likely be welcomed by the EU and nations beyond, but leading Conservatives have signalled their distaste. Leading Brexiteer and former Brexit minister Steve Baker said it was "risible" to consider shelving the plan. He argued the Government should not be deterred by the war and trigger the article "immediately". In a speech to a Conservative association in Belfast, he said the protocol had left "unfinished business" with the EU. He suggested using the "Article 16 safeguards" to pull his country "back into the UK single market". Mr Baker added: "Any suggestion that Putin has vetoed action to restore our constitutional settlement is outrageous." Northern Irish leaders have echoed his demands. DUP chief Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said officials must not "freeze" plans to resolve trade disputes.