Following Britain's departure from the EU, the Prime Minister and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss have threatened to trigger Article 16 and suspend part of the UK-EU accord. Negotiations between Ms Truss and her EU counterpart, Maros Sefcovic, have continued for months with very little breakthrough. But now insiders have claimed Mr Johnson will not invoke Article 16 ahead of the Stormont elections in May. One government insider said the international situation had reshaped thinking on the protocol. They told the Financial Times: “Before the Ukraine war, it was more likely that we could have triggered Article 16 before purdah kicks in. But now it’s looking pretty uncertain.” They added: “The whole of government is entirely focused on the Ukraine war, there’s very little ministerial capacity for anything else.” Last month, Mr Johnson: “If our friends don’t show the requisite common sense then of course we will trigger Article 16.” The Northern Ireland Protocol - agreed by Boris Johnson in the Brexit deal - is designed to avoid customs checks along the Irish border. It means goods - including medicines - can flow freely between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. However, goods arriving from the rest of the UK are subject to control to ensure they comply with EU standards.x READ MORE: Brexit betrayal as first year outside EU a measly 'four out of ten' Senior Conservatives have raised concerns that Northern Ireland's unionist parties could suffer in May elections over the unpopularity of the protocol. One minister said: “Resolving the protocol becomes much more difficult after May’s elections because Jeffrey [Donaldson] may refuse to go back into Stormont if it isn’t ripped up entirely. "That point has been made to the EU." However, others have suggested triggering Article 16 could be on the table. DON'T MISS ‘Lack of ambition’ Furious row erupts as Britain FAILS [COMMENT] Brexit: Bitter EU threatens to AXE deal [REVEAL] EU savaged for protecting diamonds in Russia sanctions [INSIGHT] An official added: “If necessary, we would do it in purdah if the situation requires — it’s not ideal but could still happen." In January, Ms Truss vowed to trigger Article 16 if the EU "does not cooperate" ahead of crunch talks with her Brussels counterpart. In a Telegraph column, titled 'I will trigger Article 16 if the EU does not cooperate', Ms Truss wrote: "I am prepared to work night and day to negotiate a solution. "But let me be clear, I will not sign up to anything which sees the people of Northern Ireland unable to benefit from the same decisions on taxation and spending as the rest of the UK, or which still sees goods moving within our own country being subject to checks. "My priority is to protect peace and stability in Northern Ireland. "I want a negotiated solution but if we have to use legitimate provisions including Article 16, I am willing to do that. "This safeguard clause was explicitly designed – and agreed to by all sides – to ease acute problems because of the sensitivity of the issues at play. "The EU has already invoked this article to introduce a hard border for vaccine exports and, even in the act of withdrawing it, insisted on its right to do so again in the future." Before the United Kingdom left the EU it was easy to maintain an open border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland because they both followed the same EU trade rules, meaning that no checks were required. However, Brexit meant that a new arrangement was needed as the EU has strict food rules and requires border checks when products such as milk and eggs arrive from non-EU countries. Checks on British goods now take place at Northern Ireland ports to make sure they comply with EU law.