Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has followed Pep Guardiola's lead in playing down the importance of statistics when considering a player's quality. The Gunners boss reserved special praise for Martin Odegaard ahead of Sunday's trip to Watford as he continues his pursuit of a top-four finish. In midweek, Guardiola, who Arteta worked with at Manchester City, described the rise in statistics in football as a 'mistake' and a 'problem'. After signing from Real Madrid on a permanent deal in the summer, Odegaard has been one of Arteta's most important players this season. But the 23-year-old's tally of four goals and as many assists in 26 games in all competitions suggests he hasn't been as effective as others in Arteta's squad. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel hits out at fans for Abramovich chants Ahead of his side's Vicarage Road visit, though, the Spaniard explained how Odegaard improves his team-mates through aspects statistics 'can't capture'. He told reporters: "The things that you cannot capture are, for example, the interaction and the chemistry that he has and produces with all the players on the pitch when he is there. "How the team functions when he is there, and when he is not there, that is really difficult to measure. But it's something that Martin is exceptional at. He makes the people around him better. READ MORE: What Man Utd players have been doing in training ahead of Man City tie "Martin for us is a really important player — he is showing that every single week. He's phenomenal to work with. "He's developing areas of his game that we discussed, that he agreed and that we believed could help him impact matches in a much more powerful way. "His whole mindset, the way he prepares himself, the way he treats people, the way he plays the game, is just exactly what we want from an Arsenal player." Despite the high praise, Arteta admitted there are still aspects of Odegaard's game he can 'only get better' at. Arteta continued: "He needs to play close to the opponents' box. He needs to create more goals, [and] he needs to score more goals. "He needs to make more runs in behind, he needs to be closer to the strikers to give them support, and he can do that. He needs to score more free-kicks. He can still contribute more to our set pieces. "His defensive work is phenomenal. There are areas where he can only get better, and the only way to get better is to agree on them, and then practise." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.