While Rishi Sunak cut the Universal Credit taper rate in his Autumn budget resulting in more families becoming eligible for the top up, there’s speculation that he may be about to slash it again. This would mean a tax cut for thousands of low income Britons. Since the Chancellor announced a change to the Universal Credit taper rate and work allowance in November, thousands of Britons have been better off. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) reduced the taper rate from 63p to 55p meaning people could earn more and still be eligible for a Universal Credit top up. As the cost of living crisis continues to stretch peoples’ budgets, speculation is circulating that the Chancellor could make a big change to Universal Credit. While some experts are predicting that he could reverse his £20 a month cut to Universal Credit, others think he could make changes to the taper rate and work allowance in his Spring Statement. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payment deadline looms - eligibility checker What is the current Universal Credit taper rate? For every £1 a person earns over their work allowance (if they have one), Universal Credit payments will reduce by 55 pence, rather than 63 pence. Not everyone is entitled to a work allowance, but included are those with responsibility for a child or a limited capability for work. Individual circumstances will affect how much of an allowance someone is allocated before reductions kick in but a rough guide is £335 per month if they receive help with housing costs and £557 if they don’t. DON'T MISS:NS&I offers more choice for jackpot winners [UPDATE]Council tax reductions: Who is eligible and how to claim [INSIGHT]Gifting cash to beat Sunak’s inheritance tax grab? Avoid mistakes [WARNING] Changes could see the rate reduced even more - meaning many more Britons would fall into the bracket for financial help. Meanwhile, people are being urged to check whether they could qualify for Universal Credit since the changes came into force in November. They can do this using a benefits calculator on the Government website. Approximately 40 percent of Britons who rely on Universal Credit are in work but on a low income. People who qualify for Universal Credit might also be eligible for: What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Campaigners say £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year. While over a million people are thought to be missing out on Universal Credit, a million pensioners are thought to be missing out on Pension Credit. The DWP has also confirmed that Britons who usually get paid their Universal Credit on Friday, April 15 will receive their money a day early next month on Thursday April 14. Anyone who would usually receive Universal Credit (or any state benefits) on Monday April 18 will receive their payment three days early on Thursday April 14.