Frank Lampard insists Everton’s goal is now staying in the Premier League after being dumped out of the FA Cup in a dismal display against Crystal Palace. The Toffees were smashed 4-0 by Patrick Vieira’s side at Selhurst Park. A rare piece of success in a season full of disappointment was at stake for Everton as they headed for South London. Lampard’s side enjoyed a good start but were blow away by an excellent Palace team. Goals by Marc Guehi, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Wilfried Zaha and Will Hughes condemned them to a big defeat. Palace progress to their first FA Cup final in six years. Everton remain in a relegation battle are look unlikely to pull away from the bottom three anytime soon, despite last week’s 1-0 win over Newcastle. They are 17th and only three points above 18-placed Watford. JUST IN: Liverpool following foolproof blueprint with £131m transfer business  An international break allows Lampard some time to refocus ahead of 11 crucial Premier League fixtures. The Chelsea icon says an FA Cup run was not the priority. Asked how the result will affect their remaining Premier League fixtures, Lampard snapped: “It’s nothing to do with this result. This was always going to be difficult anyway. Players go away for a period now, [other] players are training. “The 11 games that we’ve got left are the ones that matter for us. The dream of getting to the semi-final and playing at Wembley, they’ve gone. As far as I’m concerned, the biggest prize this season was staying in the Premier League – I came to the club knowing that. That’s the focus now.“ DON'T MISS...Guardiola drops Haaland to Man City hint and hails Man Utd targetArsenal chief Edu picks out £27m Partey and Aouar alternativeArsenal set to rival Everton for star Mikel Arteta spoke to in January Everton face a tough run of fixtures in their pursuit of survival. Games against Manchester United, Chelsea, Liverpool and Arsenal make their task difficult. The Merseysiders were excellent in the first 20 minutes against Palace but fell apart after Guehi put the hosts ahead with a deft header. Lampard ominously stressed that some of the mistakes are ‘intrinsic’ and ‘cultural’. Asked how difficult survival will be, Lampard added: “Huge. Some of the things I’ve seen out there and in our last away game (5-0 loss at Tottenham) are intrinsic. They’re in the culture and the don’t turn with a flick of a switch. “They change with a lot of hard work and character. I’m up for that and I believe the players are up for that. They have to show that in games and they have to show reactions in games to do things better.   