Marcus Rashford's miserable season took another turn for the worse last week when he was omitted from Gareth Southgate's latest England squad. The misfiring Manchester United star has also found himself on the periphery at Old Trafford this term after struggling for form in the Premier League. After playing through the pain barrier for England during their historic run to the final of Euro 2020, Rashford missed the start of the domestic season in order to undergo corrective shoulder surgery. The 24-year-old has been playing catch-up ever since but has failed to make much of an impression on Ralf Rangnick. Since the German was handed the reins at Manchester United on an interim basis late last year, Rashford has netted just twice in 16 league games and has seemingly fallen behind academy graduate Anthony Elanga in the United pecking order. However, a new report from ESPN reveals that there is a 'hope' at United that Rashford's exclusion from the England squad could help him to rediscover his form away from the spotlight. READ MORE: Man Utd and four other clubs Gareth Bale may join for free after proving he's still elite Rashford now has a fortnight to try and get back in the groove at United's lavish Carrington training base before the Premier League resumes for its final flurry of fixtures. United are still in with a shot at pinching a top-four finish; although Arsenal are in pole position to claim the final Champions League spot. But a fit and firing Rashford could make all the difference in the race to claim a spot in Europe's premier competition. The Red Devils academy graduate made a major impact when he was in sizzling form last year; plundering 21 goals across 57 appearances in all competitions. Rashford also registered a further 15 assists and was a focal point of United's team under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. United could do with someone easing the goalscoring burden on Cristiano Ronaldo ahead of their crunch run-in. Nobody in the squad has come close to matching his tally of 15 goals so far this term. DON'T MISSArsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks heldErik ten Hag's first two Man Utd signings should follow him from AjaxAchraf Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Lionel Messi and Neymar 'don't speak to him' Bruno Fernandes has managed nine strikes while Rashford and Jadon Sancho have chipped in with just five apiece. Elanga has also netted just three goals to date - meaning that Rashford could go some way to reclaiming his spot in the team if he can find some form in front of goal during the final nine games of the season. The onus is on him to put in extra work over the international break, with the same report from ESPN claiming that Rangnick believes that improving Rashford's match fitness is key in his bid to return to form. Southgate echoed Rangnick's sentiments with his comments on Rashford when explaining his omission from the squad. He said: "With Marcus, he is in the same position as everyone else, whether they are in the squad or not they all have to play well in the next period, it is a difficult time for him, he is clearly not at his best. There is plenty of time, we know about Marcus, we know what he can bring to us.”