An imposter is a person who pretends to be someone else, and that’s what it feels like you’re doing if you have imposter syndrome. If you always feel like you’re not good enough or don’t deserve the opportunities, jobs and relationships you’ve got… you may be battling imposter syndrome. In fact, one survey found that 85 percent of UK professionals reckon they have this anxiety-fuelled problem. Express.co.uk chatted to Confidence & Mindset Coach Hattie MacAndrews (@hattie_macandews on Instagram) to find out how to defeat imposter syndrome. Imposter syndrome is often characterised by a feeling that you’re constantly waiting for that moment when your colleagues or boss realise you’re a fraud, with no idea what you’re doing and no right to be there. It’s like waiting permanently naked in a dark room, waiting for your boss to turn the lights on, according to Confidence & Mindset Coach Hattie MacAndrews. The expert said: “Many would argue that it’s worse than the underlying anxiety of ‘what if’, and more like a case of ‘when’. “The fact that imposter syndrome has become such a buzzword is indicative of how common it has become, particularly within the UK workforce. “One thing I have learnt for certain through my own struggles with imposter syndrome in the past and working with clients who experience it is that imposter syndrome is not a one-size-fits-all feeling, and nor is it fussy about the type of person’s mind that it settles into. “In fact, it’s often those that appear overwhelmingly confident, successful and together that are crippled by the fear of being ‘found out’ (just ask Lady Gaga or Sheryl Sandberg).”  READ MORE- Covid: The 'No 1' symptom seen in the UK right now The reason why so many of us, particularly women, struggle with imposter syndrome is that our society teaches us that there is always more we should be doing, Hattie said. She said: “We’re taught that we ‘should’ be turning our hobbies into profitable side-hustles, waking up three hours earlier to meditate, striving for bigger salaries or for more power at work – the list goes on. “The constant pressure to do more enables us to believe that we are currently not doing enough. The impact of this? Never feeling good enough. Never feeling like you’re the best person for the job, or for your partner, or at home. “With imposter syndrome, you’ll be left feeling sure someone else would do x, y and z better than you. “Here-in starts the vicious cycle. You start with not feeling good enough and scared to be discovered, so you work extra hard or crazy hours (hello burnout) in order to make sure you’re as prepared as you could possibly be. “The problem with imposter syndrome is that it doesn’t disappear once you do something well, or prove your negative thought pattern wrong. It’s as if your mind can’t internalise your exterior successes.” In order to tackle imposter syndrome, you need to face it head-on, acknowledge what you’re feeling and become curious about why you might be feeling that way. Hattie has revealed six simple ways to beat imposter syndrome.  Self-awareness is at the root of all healing and change, and once you start to become aware of your thoughts and curious about them, rather than punishing yourself, your whole outlook will shift. Stop and think – ‘why am I feeling this way?’. Embrace your thoughts and feelings rather than trying to suppress them, think about what message they are trying to give you. Once you can identify your thoughts, you can start to reframe them, or come up with new (and empowering) perspectives. Make the simple shift from dwelling on the negative, to focus on the positive. Old perspective: ‘What if I don’t get the job because I’ve asked for too much money and they know I’m not worth it?’ New perspective: ‘I am worthy of the salary I have asked for, and have done the best I can. There are lots of other opportunities out there if this one doesn’t work out’. DON'T MISS...Type 1 diabetes symptoms: The change in your mouth to look for [INFORMER]Visceral fat: The most common health conditions caused by too much [INSIGHT]Diabetes: The snack that lowers blood sugar 45 minutes after eating [EXPLAINER]  Irrational thoughts breed and fester when you keep them locked away inside your head. Talk to people about how you’re feeling – friends, family or co-workers. If this isn’t available to you, consider seeking professional help in the form of a therapist, coach or mentor. You will find that almost everyone you confide in has felt exactly the same way at some stage in their life. Just knowing you’re not alone can help alleviate some of the anxiety. If you feel your thoughts spiralling into that dangerous ‘what if’ territory, write down what exactly it is you are afraid of. If, for example, it’s giving a presentation at work, try writing a list of all the presentations you have done that were successful. Tuning into the logical, rational side of your brain can help tame anxiety.  We’re all guilty of comparing ourselves to others; people who seem more successful, easier-going, less stressed, better partners etc. The truth is we never really know what’s going on in anyone else’s world. We can make all the assumptions we like about why someone seems so successful, but how does this serve us? Not very well, at all. We’re all trying to do our best, so keep your head down and focus on your end goal, don’t worry about what others are doing. What’s the worst thing that can happen? Last, but definitely not least. If all else fails, ask yourself ‘what’s the worst thing that can happen?’. More often than not, it's absolutely nothing to be afraid of. If you’re feeling like an imposter, it’s likely you are experiencing success in some form. Without sounding hideously cliché, can you find a way to be grateful for this? A fresh perspective, honest conversation or listening to your logic are simple tools to use to help you fight the fear.  Keen to learn more about imposter syndrome? Hattie is hosting an event in London on Wednesday March 9 discussing the subject. Tickets are £18 and every penny is going directly to help people in Ukraine. All proceeds are going to an aid worker who is on the border, directly buying and delivering urgent supplies to those in need and helping families shelter and find transport.