Returning to the show, the trailer shows Alessandro Borghi as Massimo Ruggero and Patrick Dempsey's Dominic Morgan up to their usual tricks as they try to assert dominance. The high-flying investment banker Massimo seems to have fully outgrown his old mentor Dominic with the two pulling out all the stops to come out on top; however, a data war may bring the pair to reconcile? Season one's final episode was titled The Final Showdown and pitted the two male leads against each other. The events that unfolded through the first outing led to this moment as the head of trading at NYL, Massimo, and chief executive Dominic came to blows. Dominic played the first card which unravelled their relationship by promoting another colleague to a top position instead of loyal worker Massimo. Now back for  season two, what can fans expect from the pair? Read More: 'I just love it' Brenda Blethyn shares future plans for playing Vera Despite their past differences, the two men now find themselves fighting on the same side of a silent yet devastating global data war. Although no release date has been set fans will be happy to spot season one regulars in the trailer. Joining the duelling pair and returning will be Oliver Harris (played by Malachi Kirby), Eleanor Bourg (Pia Mechler ), and Kalim Chowdrey (Paul Chowdhry) who reprise their roles as Pirates, Ruggero's loyal team of traders. Founder of Subterranea Daniel Duval (Lars Mikkelsen) will also be returning to the show with several new cast members all joining their ranks. The new Head of Trading of NYL is Wu Zhi ( Li Jun Li), Cheng Liwei (Joel de la Fuente) joins as a new board member and Nadya Wojcik (Clara Rosager) is Dominic's new protégé. This series will be directed by Nick Hurran, who has worked on projects such as Sherlock, Doctor Who and Altered Carbon, and Jan Maria Michelini who's work can be seen in the form of I Medici, and DOC Nelle tue mani. As well as the impressive on-screen and directing team, the show has an array of established writers attached to it. Writers include Frank Spotnitz who has worked on Leonardo, Medici, The X-Files and The Man in the High Castle, James Dormer of Strike Back and Medici notary, Doctor Who and The Bill's Caroline Henry and new on the scene Naomi Gibney. DON’T MISS…The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one [LATEST]Emmerdale youngster April Dingle devastated by dad Marlon's health scare? [SPOILERS]NCIS LA sparks fan frenzy as Deeks and Kensi stars confirm new roles ‘Dream duo!’[LATEST] With more details to follow soon, what do fans already know? The TV show is based on the book The Devils by Guido Maria Brera, and the second instalment will be made up of eight episodes, two less than its previous outing. Season one ended with Massimo appointed as CEO of the New York-London Investment Bank, with Morgan established as one of the most influential figures in international finance. The opening clips from the trailer show Brexit being a hot topic and whether or not the "United Kingdom stays or leaves the EU".  