In a recent episode of BBC's Antiques Road Trip, experts Izzie Balmer and David Harper travelled around Fife, Perthshire searching for some unique and profitable antiques. Whilst on their travels, Izzie fell in love with a blue tobacco pot, but her hopes were crushed when she realised it had been broken in the past. Despite her cautiousness, she took the gamble, which paid off, and she ended up making an impressive profit from it. After taking a look around the antique shop, Izzie spotted the dark blue pot at the back of a glass cabinet. However, her excitement soon turned into trepidation when she realised it had been broken in the past. She explained: "I was really excited when I saw this, and now, I'm really disappointed, so this is probably a tobacco jar, although you could use it as a tea caddy or a biscuit barrel. "We've got this Humpty Dumpty type figure on the top, smoking a pipe and holding a mug there, and then it's got this lovely silver rim. READ MORE: Coronation Street icon Sally Metcalfe accidentally kills husband Tim? "So it's London, 1920, and we have here the Royal Doulton stamp. Now, the reason I was excited is firstly (because I) absolutely flipping love that colour, isn't it stunning? "But mostly because, actually, I haven't ever seen a Doulton tobacco jar quite like this, now the disappointment comes because immediately I can see Humpty Dumpty has been off the top of this. "It's obviously been dropped and smashed, and it's just such a shame because it was probably in pristine condition, quite a good rare item. "It's priced at £145, now everything is telling me that that is too much money for this being a broken item. "But there's just something about it, and I'm hoping that someone else thinks the same too," she expressed. Finalising her decision, Izzie found the shop assistant Becks where she tried to bargain a deal for the jar, which she ended up buying for £90. When it came to the auction of the jar, both Izzie and David were anxious about how well it would do, with David commenting: "Humpty Dumpty with the silver rim, that is really rare." The auctioneer started the bid off at £45, to which it immediately went up to £50 as bidding commenced through the internet. DON'T MISS...Bargain Hunt expert David Harper recalls going ‘ballistic’ at daughter [INSIGHT]Antiques Road Trip: Natasha Raskin Sharp stunned by saucer's profit [LATEST] Antiques Road Trip’s Natasha Raskin Sharp brands co-star a ‘beast’ [WATCH] "55. 60 for you? 60, thank you, the internet and 70? 70 is bid - 75. Internet, we need 75?" Both David and Izzie were following along anxiously before David commented: "Mm, interesting" Feeling nervous, Izzie shouted: "Oh, come on!" The auctioneer continued: "£80 online. 85 is the bid. Online at 90, 95 is next." Izzie began chanting: "Come on. Come on, come on. Come on!" As the price of the item began to climb, David turned to his competition and simply said: "Izzie..." The auctioneer ended the bid and finalised: "240 is bid. At £240, I will sell, are we all done? At £240, gavels up, fair warning, sold!" David clapped for Izzie's win, and she teased: "I'm really pleased, thank you, I quite like being in your position, these profits are quite a nice feeling." At the beginning of the day, David started with £438.98 and made a small profit ending him on £446.14. Izzie started with £283.26, and following her successful tobacco pot sale, it catapulted her closely behind David at £433.82. Antiques Road Trip is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.