 ITV soap fans have seen Manpreet Sharma’s (played by Rebecca Sarker) life in Emmerdale go from bad to worse over the past few months. She was horrified upon discovering her sister Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) is a serial killer and has murdered several residents in the village. As she struggles to cope with her trauma, could Manpreet’s love life spin out of control?   According to official soap spoilers, Manpreet will soon struggle with her anxiety as the stress surrounding Meena overwhelms her. In upcoming scenes on Emmerdale, Manpreet suffers a panic attack as the pressure of testifying in court becomes too much. In a state of distress, she races off in her car without telling anyone where she’s going. Manpreet soon abandons her phone and car, disappearing into the night. Concern surrounding Manpreet’s whereabouts grows among the villagers. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one   In an interview with Express.co.uk and other press, Manpreet actress Rebecca Sarker detailed what could be in store for her character. The soap star explained Manpreet will soon find herself in a “dark place”. Rebecca revealed: “She wants to lose herself figuratively and literally. She doesn't want that weight on her shoulders. “She says ‘I don't want to be me anymore’,” the actress said.    When asked if there’s a long term future for Manpreet and Charles the actress laughed: “I don’t know! “It has been a torrent time, you know, and what doesn't kill you makes you stronger, maybe. “I don’t know. I mean, they've got a lot of baggage haven’t they? “They've got conflicting emotions,” the actress explained. DON'T MISS...Bake Off's Paul Hollywood opens up on Matt Lucas' 'nerves' [INSIGHT]ITV to stage charity concert for Ukraine ‘Music is a powerful tool’ [UPDATE]Kate Garraway shows Derek their completed wellness garden [MUST SEE]  The soap star hinted Andrea and Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin) are still struggling to come to terms with the murder of Andrea Tate (Anna Nightingale). Rebecca insisted: “The ghost of Andrea is haunting Charles I feel and Manpreet. “There's that huge guilt, you know, can they get past that?” she questioned. As Manpreet spirals out of control with her mental health, could this put pressure on her relationship?   Charles may find it hard to support Manpreet through her anxiety while he’s recovering from grief himself. As a result, the couple may struggle to move forward with their romantic relationship. Could Charles end up breaking things off for good? Viewers will have to tune in to find out. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV. 