Ben Wallace revealed many Russian troops were dying as a result of poor leadership and logistics which has had a significant impact on morale. Mr Wallace said Russia had put itself in a "trap" as they are forced to push ahead with their invasion despite international outcry and huge losses as they need to convince their citizens they are winning. Mr Wallace then explained how the work of Ukrainian special forces was crippling Russia's air superiority and the other failures of the Russian military. Speaking to Sky News, Mr Wallace gave an update on the Ukraine conflict and said Russia was struggling to break through. He said: "For the Russians, it's Day 13, way off their timetable, you know, sadly the thing is there's a lot of casualties. "We've seen the indiscriminate shelling, which has obviously killed numerous civilians, we've also recognised that probably the biggest single casualties so far in the war are Russian military soldiers. "Who have been let down by appalling leaders, appalling leadership, and appalling plans, and now you see them literally at large scales dying. "And I think that is something that will be interesting in the Kremlin, whether they will admit to each other the failure of the aggressive and illegal invasion of Ukraine. "We've seen the column is still stuck north of Kyiv, there are reports overnight of Ukrainian special forces destroying, you know, over 20 Russian helicopters on the ground. "I think we can see that the Russians are having real logistical problems so that affects morale, they're not getting through, they're getting more desperate and you can see them getting more desperate because they're shelling more and more innocent people just trying to even get out in humanitarian corridors as we saw yesterday. "I think this goes right to the heart of the challenge for Russia, which is Russia has built itself a trap and it's sent itself in the international community is making against them and now we see the devastation that they're leaving behind."  The Ukrainian Government claims more than 11,000 Russian troops have been killed so far in the conflict which is several times higher than the 457 UK deaths in the 20-year Afghanistan operation. Moscow claims only 498 Russian soldiers have died with the true figure being unknown as the war rages. The United Nations believes 406 civilians have died in the conflict as of Monday but expect the actual number to be much higher. While Russian troops move into the country, they have failed to take major cities as the conflict slows down. Armoured columns have also been captured breaking down or getting trapped as they either run out of fuel or struggle with the terrain. Ukrainian deputy prime minister Iryna Vereshchuk said a humanitarian corridor has been established for the northeast Ukrainian city of Sumy. DON'T MISS:Putin now seizes Russian bank accounts [REPORT]Putin abandoned by former oligarch ally [NEW]British Army vets go through gates of hell to get supplies to Ukraine [LATEST]  The Director-General of the Royal United Services Institute, Professor Michael Clarke, believed Russia did not have the resources to actually take and hold Ukraine. He told Sky News: "The problem that the Russians have is if you're invading a country that doesn't want you there, every time you capture somewhere, you've got to leave troops behind, you're protected. "So the troops at the front of the push get thinner and thinner. "So the push gets harder the further away you are from your base. "At some point, the Russians will start to run out of troops strange as it may seem." 