Tipping Point host Ben Shephard was routing for finalist Marco on Monday but the contestant struggled to continue his winning streak in the final round. Four hopefuls took on the ITV game show looking to take home the jackpot, and after a few hit and miss moments, the frontrunner looked to be on to an impressive win. However, it seemed the Tipping Point machine had other ideas.  Seeming confident from the start, personal trainer Marco beat his competitors to win Monday's show. He asserted himself as one to watch early on in the game when he bagged £1,200 in the first round. Going against the grain, he even went for drop zone one that looked "sparse" just because he loved "to take risks". The gym fanatic was hundreds ahead at the end of the first section, with Shabnam in the second position catching £450, Nick on £400 and Ali going home with her low score of £300. Read More: Holly Willoughby breaks down in tears watching young Ukrainian girl singing    Throwing Shabnam into the firing line for the second round, Marco passed to her to go first, which ended up undoing as she became the second victim to leave the show. Giving him a run for his money, Nick upped his game, bagging a final total of £1350, which sadly was no match for the quick to answer Marco, who ended on £2000. With his eyes now solely on the prize, drop zone two became his downfall. The host said: "He played a great game; he just couldn't really get the jackpot moving in that last round.   "The machine didn't want us to have it." Favouring the second zone to try and get the jackpot, he ended up taking his cash total of £3550 as the coins kept falling to the wrong side of the zone to make any improvement on his situation. His game playing and general knowledge seemed to impress viewers. Steve Actual tweeted: "I like Marco, I hope he wins the jackpot #tippingpoint." DON’T MISS…Countryfile viewers 'switch off' over 'preachy' episode: 'Want to escape politics!' [LATEST]NCIS' Pauley Perrette issues passionate plea against Ukrainian war: 'Who cares!' [LATEST]Blue Bloods' Eddie star left 'in tears' as she joins with Donnie Wahlberg for new project [LATEST]  @MrEvilSkeletor was invested in the potential champion from the start: "It's going great so far #TippingPoint." Even when he failed to win big, Juggy Belcher was behind the contestant: "Took the dosh, good call #tippingpoint." On his many failed attempts at the dropzone, @ManBulls***ting spotted his mistake early on: "Drop Zone Two? You've blown it pal. #tippingpoint." Not a fan of the small talk on the show, Scammell Routeman added: "I couldn't go on #tippingpoint I wouldn't be able to think up enough waffle."  There was a split second in the playing of the three coins where they thought the jackpot might cascade down, but it was short-lived as it only teased the drop. Barry Davies added: "Playing out the game is the biggest waste of time in game show history #tippingpoint." The winner proclaimed that he would use the winnings to help his brother out and rent the suits for the groomsmen and ushers, and anything left over would go towards a deposit for a property. Tipping Point airs weekdays at 4pm on ITV.