The Last Kingdom season five airs on Netflix on March 9 and the historical drama will see Uhtred (play by Alexander Dreymon) return to Bebbanburg. He will be joined by all of the main cast as expected, but there will be some additional characters. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about Uhtred's new friends and enemies. Aelfweard was first seen in season four as a young boy caught up in the Winchester siege. He is the son of King Edward (Timothy Innes) and Aelflaed (Amelia Clarkson), who is manipulated by his grandfather Aethehelm (Adrian Schiller). The heir has been recast for the final season with Ewan Horrocks taking over the role. Ewan is known for his role in Sky's Domina.  Aelfwynn was critically ill in the fourth season but thankfully Eadith (Stefanie Martini) was able to heal her. She is the daughter of Lady of Mercia, Aethelflaed, but she is not keen on taking on her mother's legacy. The more rebellious Aelfwynn has been recast for the final season and she is played by Phia Saban. Phia will be making her TV debut in the historical drama, so fans are excited to see her in action.  Aethelstan was also just a boy in the fourth season and he was left in the care of Uhtred. As Edward's son, he is next in line to take over the throne of Wessex. After a 10-year time jump, Uhtred has taught him to become a fierce warrior. The older Aethelstan is played by Harry Gilby, a 20-year-old actor known for playing a young J. R. R. Tolkien in the 2019 film Tolkien. His other credits include Just Charlie and Casualty. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom season 5 timeline: How many years have passed? Benedict is a new character in the series and he is a priest who has travelled the country. Aethelflaed (Millie Brady) respects him and he watches over her people well, but his gambling addiction is no secret. He owes one of the other characters and his debt will soon be called in. He is played by Patrick Robinson, a 58-year-old actor known for playing Martin 'Ash' Ashford in Casualty. The star is also the cousin of former footballer Ian Wright. Bresal is a fierce warrior who has been hired by Aethelhelm to act as his right-hand man. His aim is to help Aethelhelm seize power and he acts as his main enforcer. He is played by Harry Anton, known for his roles in Ransom, EastEnders and Doctors.  Constantin is the King of Scotland and he knows the tricks of the trade. He is forced to gather his troops when Aethelhelm brings news of a potential threat. He is played by Ross Anderson, a 34-year-old actor from Paisley, Scotland. Anderson studied at Drama Centre London in 2008 and went on to star in Privates, Three Girls and Des. Cynlaef is a warrior training with Uhtred and he is a close friend of Aethelstan's. He falls for Aelfwynn but they are unable to gain the blessing of her family. He is played by Ryan Quarmby, who has starred in Five Pillars and Rebel Cheer Squad.  Eadgifu seeks King Edward's help in a Kentish land dispute and Edward quickly falls for her. She provides him with the source of comfort and kindness he needs during a difficult time. She is played by Sonya Cassidy, a 34-year-old British actress known for The Paradise and Vera On what fans can expect from the new season, she said: "What our audience can expect for season five is everything that brought them to season one, and has kept them there through season four…and then some. "Season five is epic, and beautiful, and terrifying, and sad, and there’s a culmination of everything we’ve seen brewing steadily throughout the first four seasons. "Fans are in for a treat. A painful emotional stunning treat."  Rognvaldr is Sigtryggr's brother and he is looking for safe passage for his men. He, like Sigtryggr, has fallen under Brida's influence and his arrival only causes pain. He is played by Micki Stoltt, known for his work on Surrogate. DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom fans disappointed over major characters' TV deaths [DISCUSSION] The Last Kingdom: Fans express 'disappointment' over missing character [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom season 5: Uhtred's youngest son returns? [THEORY] Vibeke is Brida's daughter who was born at the end of the fourth season. She has been conditioned to believe she is a Seer who has magical powers and visions. Vibeke is played by Emili Akhchina, but not much is known about the young actress.  Wolland is one of Sigtryggr's most loyal fighters and he is prepared to defend the Danes until death. He is played by Jaako Ohtonen, who most recently starred in the series All The Sins. He also plays Johan in the new Netflix series, Vikings: Valhalla.  Wihtgar’s (Ossian Perret) right-hand man is a skilled sailor and fighter from the Barbary Coast. He is loyal to his friend and sticks by him all the way. He is played by Bamshad Abedi-Amin, known for his roles in Strike Back and My Mad Fat Diary. Season five was an opportunity for Uhtred actor Dreymon to work on the other side of the camera. He directed some of the episodes and opened up about the different experience. He said: "There’s just no way of knowing the breadth of the director’s responsibilities and what it means to carry the weight of that unless you do it. "And I thought I knew, but I really had no idea. It gave me even more honour and respect for that part of our world. "It made me want to help the directors that I’m working with even more than before."  The Last Kingdom season 5 airs on Netflix on March 9