State pension payments are often considered as a vital source of retirement income. However, these are not guaranteed, and a person must build up their entitlement throughout their lifetime. The state pension usually hinges on the National Insurance contributions a person makes throughout their lifetime. For the new state pension, some 10 qualifying years are required for any sum at all. The Government states 35 years are usually needed if a person wishes to unlock the full sum. However, certain individuals could get less if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. There are a number of reasons as to why a person may not get the full state pension. READ MORE: Pension warning as Britons miss ‘small’ detail Some people could have gaps in their record due to a myriad of reasons. They may have chosen to live or work abroad, or have been self-employed with low profits. Unemployed people who do not claim benefits, and employed people who have low earnings may have also missed out. Gaps could result in not having enough contributions to qualify for the full state pension sum. DON'T MISSState pension payment dates to change next month [UPDATE]Britons urged to claim state pension boost worth up to £89 per week [INSIGHT]‘How is it fair?’ Fury as Scotland and Wales get free prescriptions [LATEST] Certain working individuals may have been “contracted out” of the state pension. This means they may have paid lower NI contributions to pay into an earnings-related, workplace, personal or stakeholder pension in the past. The Government states a person’s starting amount may include a deduction in these circumstances. Britons can check their old payslips or with their pension provider to see if they were contracted out in the past. Certain individuals may be able to pay voluntary contributions to fill any gaps in their record. They should first check their National Insurance record to determine their circumstances. People can usually pay contributions online, but should check their eligibility on the Government website. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea However, the Government has warned: “Voluntary contributions do not always increase your state pension. “Contact the Future Pension Centre to find out if you’ll benefit from voluntary contributions.” In addition, people may wish to seek financial advice before deciding to make voluntary contributions.