Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel is determined to not let any sanctions on the club stand in the way of their Champions League plans - and is even willing to drive a near nine-hour round trip to Lille. Chelsea face an uncertain future amid sanctions placed on Roman Abramovich by the UK Government this week.  And it was announced on Saturday that Abramovich was disqualified by the Premier League from running the club due to his close relationship with Vladimir Putin. Chelsea aren't allowed to sell any matchday tickets for non season-ticket holders while merchandise sales have also been stopped. They have been granted a 'special licence' to continue operating as normal, and that was slightly amended to give them up to £900,000 on matchday costs. That would seemingly mean that Chelsea have enough available to cover the costs of travelling around Europe for the Champions League.  They're back in action against Lille on Wednesday having won the first leg 2-0 back at Stamford Bridge. Tuchel has been told that they will be travelling as normal via a private jet to and from the match while hotel costs would also have been covered too. But the German head coach has stated that he would be willing to drive a minibus if needed for what would be a 360-mile round trip from Stamford Bridge to the Stade Pierre Mauroy. "My last information is we are getting a plane," Tuchel said.  "So we can go by plane and come back by plane. If not, we'll go by train. If not, we'll go by bus. "If not, I'll drive a seven-seater. Honestly, I will do it. You can mark my words, I will do to arrive there. "If you asked me 20 years ago, 30 years ago, if I would join a Champions League match at the sideline and what I was willing to do, I'd say, 'ok, where do I have to be and when?' Why should this change? "I will be there and we will be there. Of course, organisation wise, there are some negotiations going on and talks, but it doesn't influence me.  "That's what I mean, we have brilliant guys who organise the travel and we have, in every department, such committed people that at the moment things feel pretty normal." Chelsea have been business as usual in the Premier League amid sanctions on their club owner though. Kai Havertz scored the winner late on against Newcastle to make it 15 points from their last five league games. 