The Duke of Sussex hosted a video chat with film-makers Gulistan and Elizabeth Mirzaei, as revealed by the pair on Twitter. Mr and Mrs Mirzaei are the directors of Three Songs for Benazir - an Oscar-nominated documentary short film distributed by Netflix. Last week's conversation between the Mirzaeis and Prince Harry was made public by the film-makers sharing a screenshot of their video call on social media. The picture was accompanied by a brief message, reading: "Last week, we had the honor and privilege to speak with Prince Harry, The Duke of Sussex about our film THREE SONGS FOR BENAZIR. "Prince Harry's love, and dedication to Afghanistan is truly inspiring and we are so grateful to have had the opportunity to share our story with him." News of this conversation sent fans of the Duke of Sussex into a frenzy. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here One Twitter user, @Erikk_The_Dane2, wrote: "I'm glad that Harry is helping shine a light on such an inspirational and Oscar-nominated movie." Another, @MalaikaHelena, said: "Yup, sounds like Prince Harry. Where can we see the film?" And a third, @sannetje_26, posted: "This is so nice. Thank you for sharing". Prince Harry is deeply bonded to Afghanistan, as he served two tours in the country during his decade in the Army. READ MORE: Prince Edward branded 'pompous and arrogant' after rare interview Harry, who in 2014 launched the Invictus Games for wounded veterans, has spoken about Afghanistan multiple times since the Taliban seized back power in August last year. On August 16, he issued a joint statement with other leading members of the Invictus Games Foundation, reading: "What’s happening in Afghanistan resonates across the international Invictus community. "Many of the participating nations and competitors in the Invictus Games family are bound by a shared experience of serving in Afghanistan over the past two decades, and for several years, we have competed alongside Invictus Games Team Afghanistan. "We encourage everybody across the Invictus network—and the wider military community—to reach out to each other and offer support for one another." On the following day, the Duke spoke about Afghanistan also in another statement, this time issued alongside his wife Meghan Markle. Their message, shared via their organisation Archewell, didn't focus only on the war-torn country. It read: "The world is exceptionally fragile right now. As we all feel the many layers of pain due to the situation in Afghanistan, we are left speechless. "As we all watch the growing humanitarian disaster in Haiti, and the threat of it worsening after last weekend’s earthquake, we are left heartbroken. "And as we all witness the continuing global health crisis, exacerbated by new variants and constant misinformation, we are left scared." The message ended with a call to action both for their supporters, encouraged to support organisations helping people in need, and for leading personalities, urged to "rapidly advance the humanitarian dialogues" during key meetings such as the UN General Assembly and the G20 summit. In November, Meghan and Harry toured the Task Force Liberty base in New Jersey to mark Remembrance Day and meet some of the 10,000 Afghan evacuees housed there. Prince Harry is linked to the film-makers not just through his bond with Afghanistan but also through Netflix. Meghan and Harry announced a multi-year deal with the streaming giant in September 2020 and they so far announced two series. One, Heart of Invictus, is being produced in partnership with the Invictus Games Foundation as it shows a group of competitors preparing for the upcoming Games to be hold next month at The Hague. Meghan is among the executive producers of Pearl, an animated series focusing "on a young girl’s heroic adventure as she learns to step into her power and finds inspiration from influential women throughout history", as announced by Archewell in July.