The ITV detective drama The Ipcress File is based on the popular spy novel by Len Deighton with Peaky Blinders star Joe Cole helming the show as leading man Harry Palmer. Lucy Boynton's Jean Courtney has impressed viewers as the misleading, soon-to-be-married young lady who is actually an undercover special agent. The star has revealed one hair secret that helped her to separate the two sides of her character. The series introduces viewers to Harry Palmer (played by Joe Cole), a British army sergeant and smuggler based in Berlin in 1963 who finds himself in a spot of bother. To avoid going to military prison, he must become a spy, with his first case being The Ipcress File. Jean Courtney (Lucy Boynton) has the dubious task of keeping the new recruit on track. The star disclosed that she changes her appearance over the series to show how her character feels and showcase her different traits and occupations. Read More: Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show 'Should've done earlier' She said: "We used two different wigs. The hairstyle we had for Charlotte Street in London, where they work, is a formal up-do, still with a stylish twist but much more office appropriate as Jean has been brought up to know it. "It, therefore, works for her double life too. So, when she cuts it at the end of episode three it's a kind of severing of the prescribed life and the path she was on." Her character has two very structured parents; her father is a general, and her mother is a debutante. She studied Languages at Oxford and is engaged to a stockbroker, but the role of being a wife doesn't sit right with her, and this kick starts her character's journey into the world of intelligence gathering. Continuing on her transformation, she added: "She makes several tangible adjustments like this to indicate, for herself more than anyone, that this is a very clear, clean start. It's also that feeling of shedding childishness and following protocol. She's deciding who and how she is now." She praised the costume, hair and make-up department and set designers for helping to create such an authentic experience on the show. On the period production and what caught her eye, she said: "Just everything. The nuanced, specific attention to detail on absolutely everything. "Every file you would open at the Charlotte Street offices would contain forms and notations specific to scenes mentioned but never seen, references to previous cases and so on. That specific attention to detail was so inspiring and transportive." DON’T MISS…Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star will join CBS drama in new role [LATEST]Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster to exit in heartbreaking Abi Franklin twist? [SPOILERS]What happened to Malva Christie’s mother in Outlander? [LATEST] The attention to detail meant that the set became "such a real-world in itself." Normally, the James Bonds get to drive around in fancy cars, but her character is calm, cool, and collected and gets to feed her own need for speed. She described: "Over the course of the show Jean also drives a ridiculously stunning collection of cars. "She starts with this gorgeous cream drop-top MG, and I have a picture of my dad when he was in his 20s with this same car in blue, which was his pride and joy, so I was sending him pictures daily." The six-part drama airs every Sunday evening with only four episodes left for Harry and Jean to solve the case. During the show's second episode, viewers learnt that Ipcress stood for 'Induction of Psycho-Neuroses by Conditioned Reflex under Stress'. Author Len had previously said that the book was inspired by his real-life neighbour Anna Wolkoff, who was a spy for Germany in The Second World War. Deighton remembered when British MI5 agents came to arrest her. The plot of this particular book in the Harry Palmer series involves mind control and the brainwashing technique, which was similar to a shock technique called psychic driving. The Ipcress File continues on ITV on Sunday at 9pm. The whole series is available to watch now on the ITV Hub.