Sainsbury’s will be shutting 200 in-store cafés in a move that will affect 2,000 staff. The supermarket will also close hot food counters in 34 stores and "simplify" the bakery sections in 54 stores. The chain has plans to open 30 more restaurant hubs in stores in partnership with Boparan Restaurant Group (BRG), which runs the Caffe Carluccio’s, Gourmet Burger Kitchen, Ed’s Diner and Slim Chickens brands, after successful trial partnerships. Plans also include opening 30 Starbucks sites inside Sainsbury's stores. READ MORE: New Moon rituals: The 5 things to do on Wednesday’s Pisces Moon  The remaining 67 in-store cafés will stay open. Sainsbury’s has not yet specified the number of jobs impacted by the new changes. Simon Roberts, Sainsbury’s chief executive officer, said: “As we go through this period of transition, we have taken the difficult decision to close 200 of our cafés next month. “We have spoken to all colleagues affected by these changes today and are absolutely committed to supporting them in any way we can during this uncertain time.  “Of course, we understand this is very unsettling for our colleagues, but we must keep adapting our business to make sure we are offering customers the best possible food and drink at affordable prices. “We are totally focused on improving what we can deliver for our customers and at the same time, working hard to make our business simpler. “We are really excited about this new customer offer we will be rolling out over the next two to three years across many of our stores.” Sainsbury’s already cut 1,150 jobs last March. Full list of Sainbury's cafes that will remain open. Stores that are not listed are part of the 200 cafes set for closure: Fosse Park Truro Rustington New Scarborough Marsh Mills Waterlooville Penzance Springfield Godalming Bognor Regis Kings Lynn Hardwick Thanet Westwood Cross Lincoln Ely Warren Heath Durham Monks Cross Emerson Grn Castle Point Bamber Bridge Longwater Lane Hazel Grove Weedon Rd Morecambe Leicester North Nantwich Pepper Hill Chichester Hereford Bury St.Edmunds Larkfield Cheadle Cannock Rugby Hedge End Harrogate Sedlescombe Rd Pinhoe Road Barnstaple Hempstead Valley Bridge Mead Wakefield - Marsh Way Swadlincote Torquay Talbot Heath Isle Of Wight Darlington Harlow Leek Dewsbury Marshall Lake Whitchurch Macclesfield Winterstoke Rd Preston Didcot Christchurch Denton Stroud Keighley Archer Road Stanway Pontypridd Rhyl Newport Wrexham Pontllanfraith