  Hollywood actor Ethan Hawke, 51, has revealed his daughter Maya Hawke, 23, had a hand in convincing him to take on his new Marvel role. Ethan is starring as the villainous Dr Arthur Harrow in Marvel’s witty new spin-off series Moon Knight.      Maya, who is the daughter of Ethan and his actress ex Uma Thurman, is probably best known for starring in sci-fi drama Stranger Things. She joined the cult Netflix show in 2019, portraying the character Robin in its third season. Maya has since advised her movie star dad to sign up with new streaming giant Disney+. The young actress told Ethan to take up the role in Moon Knight, after a discussion about the superhero fanbase as a whole.     When asked about the advice his daughter gave him, Ethan said: “I was thinking about whether to do this or not and she was just talking about how much the people who love movies right now are going to see these movies." He continued: “You want to play where the audience is at and see if you can play in their playground and make something good. “But these people really are passionate about movies and so am I, so it seems like a good fit." In Moon Knight, Ethan plays the villain opposite Star Wars actor Oscar Isaac, who is taking on the role of the original Marvel Comics superhero.      The series follows the story of sleep-deprived Marc Spector (Oscar Isaac) as he deals with a dissociative identity disorder that brings out his intimidating alter-ego. Later on in the interview, Ethan was asked about whether he had any future plans to team up with his daughter Maya on camera. The actor responded: “Yeah, we did a couple of scenes together in The Good Lord Bird that was played on showtime last year and we had an unbelievable time. “We’ve been working together - I would say since she was about two - on everything you could imagine. READ MORE... Paul Herman dead: Goodfellas and Sopranos actor dies at 76 [LATEST] Fern Britton on struggle to 'bounce back' from Phil Vickery split [INSIGHT] Salma Hayek angers fans by supporting Will Smith after Oscars slap [NEWS]      “So it would take a lot to stop me from wanting to act with her or work with her in some way because I believe in her immensely.” During the Good Morning America interview, the proud dad went on to promote Maya’s new album and even referred to her as “the real thing”. Ethan married Pulp Fiction actress Uma in 1998 and the pair welcomed daughter Maya that same year. The couple also welcomed son Levon, 20, in 2002 before divorcing in 2005.      Ethan went on to marry co-star Ryan Hawke in 2008, with whom he shares daughters Clementine, 14, and Indiana, 11. Uma was previously married to Gary Oldman between 1990 and 1992 and shares nine-year-old daughter Luna Thurman-Busson with her former fiance, French financier Arpad Busson. Moon Knight is available to stream exclusively on Disney+ from today.   