For a start, it's ageist - making fun of a bunch of old men; sexist - where were the women in Dad's Army? Taking menopause leave? Classist - the languid and upper-class Sergeant Wilson runs rings around the pompous and middle-class Captain Mainwaring - "Do you really think that's wise, sir?" It's anti-Scottish - just look at Private James Frazer. "We're doomed. Doomed!" It's anti-idiotic - why was Private Pike constantly upbraided with, "You stupid boy!" It's anti-German - OK, we were at war with them, but what about inclusivity? It's anti-women - Elizabeth Mainwaring is never seen on screen but her husband goes out of his way to avoid her. It's - oh, I can't go on. It's utterly brilliant and as it so happens, my grandfather was in the Home Guard. As for today's snowflakes, they certainly don't like it up 'em. As for the difference in what is acceptable then and now, who can possibly think we live in a kinder, more tolerant society today than we did in the 1960s and 70s when the show was made? Of course there were programmes that should never have got anywhere near our television screens, such as The Black And White Minstrel Show, but that's not a modern opinion - plenty of people said so at the time. It was also an era that produced genuinely funny comedies, not least Fawlty Towers, which has also fallen victim to the modern-day puritans and the utterly sublime Porridge. Porridge, incidentally, is a very good example of what happens when you have certain standards of behaviour and cannot use bad language on the television screen. That programme invented the phrase "naff off" because the show's makers knew they couldn't sugar coat the way prisoners spoke, but neither could they use the words the inmates really would. The result: rib-achingly funny dialogue, unlike today, when anyone can use whatever language they like. Dad's Army, like the original Home Guard, represents everything that is best about this country: total patriotism allied to an inability to take oneself too seriously. The culture warriors of today should be strapped down and made to watch it on a continual loop until it finally enters their thick heads that the world is not all about them. Nor, because attitudes have changed in many ways over the decades, does it mean that past generations were the sexist, racist dinosaurs that they seem to think. One of the earliest episodes contained an incident in which the men thought the Germans had invaded and they tried to hold up the advance of the Wehrmacht to give the real army time to pull in reinforcements. "It'll probably be the end of us, but we're ready for that, aren't we, men?" says Captain Mainwaring. "Of course," replies Frazer. Would that the snowflake generation could match that. ----------------- ---------------- THE REPTILIAN London mayor Sadiq Khan has just announced that City Hall staff will be allowed to take "menopause leave". What patronising, fatuous rubbish. Women are not delicate little flowers who need to be protected from the big bad world - and any woman stupid enough to take advantage of this deserves the career collapse that will almost certainly follow. ----------------- NICOLA Sturgeon has just issued an apology to witches - you know, the women who were burned at the stake 400 years ago. What about apologising to the women who are actually still alive and beside themselves with fury at having their rights trampled on to appease a tiny minority of trans activists? ----------------- IT'S NOT enough that the entire country seems to be claiming to suffer from mental health issues: now a new survey says three-quarters of pet dogs are feeling anxious and depressed. Have these people ever actually met a dog? Throw one a stick and watch what happens. Doesn't look an awful lot like depressed. ----------------- ----------------- A REPORT which revealed the full extent of ex-Speaker John Bercow's nasty bullying behaviour has resulted in him being banned from Parliament for life and thus denied a peerage. Oh dear. What a pity. Never mind. Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- APPARENTLY a higher percentage of people snore in Brighton than they do anywhere else in the country. And there was me thinking it was the woke capital of Britain! Geddit?? Oh please yourselves... ----------------- PRINCE Charles, Camilla, William and Kate all praised the Queen on Instagram to mark International Women's Day. Strangely enough, not a peep from California. What a surprise.