Rishi Sunak is looking to ease “panic” within Number 10 after his announcement received criticism for failing to address the cost of living crisis. Mr Sunak is also reported to be launching another multi-billion financial support package to assist vulnerable households as energy and fuel bills rise even further later this year. Specifically, Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Number 10 are said to be concerned about the impact of rising inflation on the upcoming May local elections. On Friday (March 25), David Canzini, Mr Johnson’s new deputy chief of staff, told special advisors that the cost of living was now the Government’s priority. During the meeting, advisors were given a presentation by Michael Brooks, a Tory election strategist, which showed private polling that the issue had overtaken healthcare in voters' minds. This past week, figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) revealed that inflation in the UK has now hit 6.2 percent, a 30-year high. On top of this, industry regulator Ofgem has confirmed that the energy price cap will reach nearly £2,000 in April, resulting in bills rising by £693 annually. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Experts also believe that the energy price cap could hit nearly £3,000 by October if intervention is not taken. The £150 council tax rebate was introduced by Rishi Sunak in a bid to tackle the cost of living crisis, specifically energy bills going up. Through the council tax rebate, households in bands A to D will receive direct payment into their accounts or equivalent credit of £150 which should go towards rising energy costs. Furthermore, Mr Sunak also announced a £200 discount on household energy bills this autumn for UK electricity consumers, which will be paid back automatically over the next five years. However, this latest report suggests that another rebate could be introduced in the near future. “We've already looked at this and concluded that council tax is the best way to do it. You've got an existing mechanism," a Treasury insider told The Times. “You don't need to set up a whole new system. It would make sense to do it like that again." Last week, research conducted by Age UK was released and revealed that one-in-five older households are not entitled to the council tax rebate and are living in property. Around 4.3 million households are unable to receive this support as they live in properties with council tax bands E to H. Of this group of people, 2.1 million of these households include at least one person who is over the age of 60. Ms Abrahams said: “The Spring Statement is the Chancellor’s opportunity to demonstrate he understands how inflation is overwhelming the best efforts of older people on low incomes to stay afloat, and is willing to send them a life raft. “We are hearing from many older people who never dreamed that they would find themselves in such deep financial trouble at this stage of their lives, and who are frankly terrified about the bad news on prices the rest of the year may bring. It’s an absolute nightmare for them.” On the Spring Statement itself, she added: “We’re pleased our call to double the value of the Household Support Fund has been heeded. “But as that was the only announcement that helps older people on low and modest incomes - unless they are drivers - we don’t think the Chancellor has gone far enough today. “Older people tell us that every time they go shopping the prices seem to have gone up again, and that’s really tough to manage if you’re reliant on a meagre pension. “Unfortunately, for older people like these, and younger ones on low incomes too, the next few months threaten to be extremely stressful, as they struggle to continue to make ends meet.” Express.co.uk has reached out to HM Treasury for comment.