 The North Londoners defeated Aston Villa 1-0 on Saturday afternoon to move four points clear of Manchester United. Arteta's side also have a game in hand over the Red Devils. Bukayo Saka scored the only goal of the game midway through the first half. But Arsenal were impressive and could have won by more. They now lead the race for the final Champions League spot, with Manchester City, Liverpool and Chelsea almost out of sight at the top of the table. Man Utd, Spurs and Wolves are hunting Arsenal down. JUST IN: Liverpool icon edges to Anfield exit with AC Milan interest 'serious'  But despite his former side holding an advantage, Keown believes Spurs will make up the gap. The 55-year-old claims Antonio Conte’s side have an easier run-in. “There are a lot of games ahead. I think Spurs look favourites to actually make it into the top four. Arsenal, I know, they’re in the boss seat now, but you look at the fixtures,” Keown told BT Sport. “There are games away at Chelsea, Spurs. It’s in Arsenal’s hands – they can do it but there is a long way to go.” DON'T MISS...Chelsea takeover candidate makes decision on Thomas Tuchel's futureLiverpool icon edges to Anfield exit with AC Milan interest 'serious'Man Utd receive Ten Hag boost with Ajax ready to 'respect agreement' Arsenal do still need to go to in-form Chelsea, who they on April 20. The rearranged North London Derby versus Tottenham is yet to be rescheduled. Their other opponents in their final eight matches include Crystal Palace, Brighton, Southampton, Man Utd, Leeds, Newcastle and Everton. Spurs have a comparatively easier schedule, with only Arsenal and Liverpool above them among their remaining fixtures. Arsenal, though, have been in good form. Their 2-0 defeat by Liverpool on Wednesday was just their second reverse in 2022.    “They’re playing with this nice and constructive football, but they’re also resilient. Gabriel at the back was nice and strong with Ben White beside him,” Keown continued. “Partey in midfield never really ventured too far. So, it’s nice in those departments and all over the pitch you have people doing their jobs, who know their roles and responsibilities, with the ball and without, perfect. They get the job done and clear of him with three points in the bag.” 