Joanna Lumley, 75, is an English actress, presenter, former model, and author, whose face is recognisable around the globe. The star has made a huge fortune over the years and has many assets. Who will inherit them when she is gone? Joanna Lumley’s net worth is an estimated $25million (£18million), according to Celebrity Net Worth. It is a huge sum that the TV sensation has accumulated thanks to her successful career. Joanna was born in India in 1946, but was brought up in Kent, England. She began her career as a model in the 1960s, working for three years as a photographic model. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to get rid of limescale on taps Her acting debut was in 1969 with a small role in the film Some Girls Do. A job as a Bond girl in On Her Majesty’s Secret Service followed the same year. She was then invited to join the cast of Coronation Street, where she played Elaine Perkins. However, Joanna’s big break came in 1992 with the role of Patsy Stone in Absolutely Fabulous. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean floor tile grout [SOCIAL]'Blown my mind': Cleaners go wild for baking soda trick to clean a pan [EXPLAINER]‘Dust doesn’t stick to them’: The 25p skirting board cleaning hack [ANALYSIS] The actress portrayed the character on and off from 1992 until 2016, when Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie was released. The film grossed $39.2million, or around £28.8million, at the box office, including huge £14million earnings from the UK box office alone. Joanna won many awards for her role as the iconic character, including two BAFTAs. The TV stalwart is also an author and has released three memoirs, in 1989, 2005, and 2011. Since Absolutely Fabulous, Joanna has continued to work in TV, even presenting her own three part ITV series, Joanna Lumley’s Home Sweet Home in 2021. Joanna is married to conductor Stephen Barlow, whom she wed in 1986. The pair live together in Stockwell, south London. In an interview with Evening Standard in 2016, Joanna said her and her husband had lived in the area for 25 years, but “it was a lot edgier” when they first moved in. She added that she enjoys going for drinks and food at The Canton Arms on South Lambeth Road, not far from her home. Joanna described her house as “very crammed”, saying: “I’m a maximalist with a very crammed home.” When she dies, Joanna’s only child, Jaime, is likely to inherit her assets. Born in 1967, Jaime’s father is the photographer, Michael Claydon. Jaime has followed in his father’s footsteps and is also a photographer.