He had just basically been asked by Sir Keir Starmer whether Chelsea supremo Roman Abramovich, currently offloading his UK assets in a positive firesale, was an enemy of the state. Or at the very least a bit shifty. Boris could have used Parliamentary privilege to finger all the perceived major Russian enemies of Britain, because frankly we need to know. But he didn't. So now who knows if Mr Abramovich is simply a well-meaning and thoroughly decent sports fan from the Volga town of Saratov with a slightly inexplicable devotion to south London football clubs.Or not. Now then, Mr Abramovich has just taken £1million from Harper Collins after a successful, and eye-wateringly expensive, libel suit (and out of court settlement) against FT journalist Catherine Belton's brilliant and painstakingly researched biography Putin's People. So I am definitely sticking with the notion of Mr Abramovich as a thoroughly decent and honourable man. But Sir Keir's actual words were: "He is a person of interest to the Home Office because of his links to the Russian state and his public association with corrupt activity and practices. "Last week the Prime Minister said Abramovich is facing sanctions, he later corrected the record to say that he isn't. "Well, why on earth isn't he?" On the face of it, a fair question. So why did Boris duck and weave and hide behind some ill-defined notion of procedure? In the midst of much tub-thumping anti-Putin rhetoric on the floor of the House and solidarity with the guest Ukrainian ambassador – most of which was very, very genuine – it felt horribly wrong. Boris at his cheese and wine party shadiest rather than his European statesman best. The recent Labour attacks against the Tories' coffers being plumped up with dirty Russian cash suddenly hoved back into view – this time in Technicolor. It was a very uncomfortable moment – and remains so. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea On the age-old basis that any friend of Putin is an enemy of mine we have a right to know if a person, particularly a high-profile, even much admired person, is an enemy of the United Kingdom. There may, just possibly, be what the authorities call "operational reasons" for withholding the information. But, God knows, the one thing we know for certain about this war is that it is a war of lies. Truth, famously, is the first casualty of war but this conflict has taken it to new level, and any and all light which can be openly and honestly shed is not just to be welcomed but is simultaneously a blow struck for parliamentary democracy against Big Brother totalitarianism. Tell us what we need to know Boris.