Nicola Coughlan, 35, caught the interest of many when she took part in the comedy series Derry Girls, and most recently, Bridgerton. The actress is "heartbroken" as she has had to miss tonight's premiere of the Netflix drama series after getting "struck down with Miss Rona". Nicola shared a stunning picture of herself with a full face of makeup in a bathrobe. The actress looked great with her red lip, head towel, and matching bath robe. She appeared to be wearing her silver jewellery for the proposed event as well as having her nails painted. Nicola captioned the post in view of her 1.3 million Instagram followers: "My Bridgerton Premiere look- a little different than expected. READ MORE: ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home "So I’ve been struck down with Miss Rona and I’m missing our first premiere. "Heartbroken is an understatement but sending so much love to my gorgeous cast mates who I hope have the best night. "Also ‘infectious virus but make it fashion’ look by @aimeecroysdillwearing @tasaki_intl and @tekla Nails @michelleclassnails Makeup by me using @patmcgrathreal of course." (sic) Many co-stars and social media users alike took to the comments to share their regret over Nicola's sad news. Newcomer Charitha Chandran said: "We'll miss you so much my lovely." Presenter Clara Amfo added: "Sending all the love, eff this stupid virus!" (sic) Social media user Kassidyaverill commented: "I love that you still got all dolled up to be in the premiere spirit. "You are lovely and I cannot wait to see you continue to bring this character to life." DON'T MISS... Ruth Langsford gives update as procedure leaves her with 'scabby' skin [HEALTH] Susanna Reid ‘sacrificing extra work projects to find a new beau' [INSIGHT] A Place in the Sun's Jasmine Harman's farewell to Laura Hamilton [FAREWELL] The actress spoke in a recent interview with The New York Times about her worry for her future on the show. Nicola recalled when she found out about the job, she said: "I should have been like, 'This is amazing'. "Instead, I was like, 'This is fishy. I don't know about this'." She plays Penelope Featherington on the hit Netflix show and admitted that she has known plenty of actors who were hired onto prestigious projects and then fired when the "studio demanded a bigger name". On The One Show, Nicola also revealed she worried about her role due to not being able to walk in heels. She said: "Ellen Mirojnick, who is the costume designer on season one, said, 'You're tiny, you're too small so we're gonna put you in heels'. "I was just terrified to get fired because I couldn't believe my luck at getting the job. "I said, 'Yes, absolutely.' If they were like, 'You have to wear a giant clown suit,' I would have been like, 'I would love that, yes please'."