Portugal is fast becoming one of the most popular destinations for British expats. Why are some many Britons anxious to move there? New research from Portugal’s Foreigners and Border Service (SEF) has shown that the number of foreigners in Portugal has increased for six years in a row. Just under 715,000 foreign citizens now live in Portugal, an increase of almost eight percent since the end of 2020. British citizens make up the second largest group of international residents and over 40,000 Britons now live in Portugal. Christina Hippisley, general manager of the Portuguese Chamber of Commerce in the UK, said: “The size of the British expat community in Portugal means that there is an established network to welcome new arrivals and support their integration into Portuguese life. READ MORE: Ryanair customer shares luggage hack - save £50 “The Algarve and Lisbon are particularly popular, though cities such as Porto are also attracting interest from those considering relocating to Portugal from the UK.” The southern Algarve region is a popular choice for beach loving Britons who are attracted by the area’s fantastic weather. The Algarve also has a buzzing social scene with a thriving British expat community to help Britons settle in. Golf fans may be attracted by the region’s world class golf courses, many of which have incredible coastal views. The Portuguese Chamber of Commerce in the UK said demand from Britons has remained high in 2022. Britons are particularly keen to learn more about Portugal’s D7 visa, sometimes known as the passive income visa. The D7 visa is available to non-EU, EEA and Swiss citizens looking for long-term residency in Portugal. Applicants will need to prove they have the ability to provide for themselves and are very popular with retirees. British expats are also increasingly keen to buy second homes in Portugal as the price of hotels and rental villas rocket. According to aplaceinthesun.com, the avergae person wants to spend £339,639 on a home in Portugal. After five years on a D7 visa, Britons will be able to apply for Portuguese citizenship and an EU passport. The Portuguese Chamber of Commerce added: “There is a tidal wave of people wanting to move from the UK to Portugal right now.” Portugal is also one of western Europe’s most affordable destinations with Lisbon the best value capital city. Expats will also enjoy a healthy diet and plenty of sunny weather which can be a fantastic mood booster. British expats in Portugal will also have access to many budget flights to the UK’s major airports. But they might have to move fast to secure a property. Data from idealista showed that 14 percent of homes in Portugal sold within a week in February. The most popular areas for property include the Algarve, Porto and Lisbon. Expats might be able to find a bargain in inland or rural areas. It’s also worth looking at smaller cities such as Coimbra, Braga or Evora to find a better price for property. Second homes could even be rented out as holiday lets to increase income.