In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk just days before he set off on a 30,000km bike ride from London to India, the guru to the stars warned Britain’s farming industry is headed for decimation. He also foresaw that if the war in Ukraine were to spiral into a global conflict, it would cause “100 times more damage” than World War 2.  The UK’s Environment agency projects that our farms have only 100 harvests left before the amount of organic material in the soil dips below what is needed to sustain life. In 2019, then-Environment Secretary Michael Gove warned the UK was just 30-40 years away from “the fundamental eradication of soil fertility”. He added: “Countries can withstand wars and conflicts. They can withstand even leaving the European Union. But what no country can withstand is the loss of its soil.” With a dearth of viable crops, mass migration will see millions of people move towards population centres in search of scarcer food and income.  READ MORE: Farmers face 'financial catastrophe' as grain and energy costs soar For Sadhguru, the outlook is grim, warning: “All infrastructure will collapse. When infrastructure collapses, chaos will begin. “Total civil unrest will begin on all levels – they’re expecting by 2035. There'll be dozens of civil wars across the country across the world. “Dozens of civil wars will happen in my country, your country, some country – we cannot predict [where]. It may happen just about anywhere.” In a conversation with Shri Satish Kumar – a British-Indian activist who in the 1970s completed an 8,000 mile peace walk – on Thursday, Sadhguru summed up the problem pointedly: “Machines don’t s**t.” In other words, “technology cannot produce organic matter”. Instead of putting organic material back into topsoil – whether through leaving organic waste on farmland or growing protective plants beside crops – modern farming techniques take nutrients from the soil with every harvest. Ploughing topsoil and then leaving it exposed to the elements also kills off the microbial organisms that feed crops. Sadhguru is critical of the vast majority of UK farming for being monoculture – the cultivation of a single type of crop in a single area. He said the UK’s soil “will be in a very bad state in another 25 years” because the technique leaves soil exposed for large chunks of the year. He added: “If people don't understand what I'm talking about, come to a tropical country, stand in the sun for two hours, then walk under the tree's shade; you will understand what is climate change, there are already four degrees difference right there. “This is what is happening to other life. They also need shade. At one time the entire planet had some shade – grasses, bushes, trees; something was there almost everywhere. But today that is gone.”   Sadhguru made the stark warning: “At this rate, in another 30 to 40 years, we will reach a place if we want to turn the soil around, it will take 150 to 200 years. That’s a disaster beyond imagination.” The influential spiritualist said he believed the degradation of the world’s soil through aggressive farming practices “is more fundamental of a problem and a more universal problem” than any other environmental issue being discussed today. He commented: “See the thing is everybody's talking about pollution, air pollution in the city. This is an urban concern, which is made into [a] global concern.”  DON'T MISSRAF Emergency: High alert as plane sounds 7700 ‘Squawk’ code [INSIGHT]Russia EXODUS as flurry of private jets leave Moscow for Dubai [REPORT]‘Paranoid' Putin 'holding back' full Russian army in 'fear' [ANALYSIS] Sadhguru mentioned he was at the COP26 climate summit in Glasgow in November, where he met various environment ministers. He recounted: “They said that ‘we were there for the whole week; we do not hear the word soil’. Why are we avoiding this? What for? How can you address climate change without addressing soil?” Sadhguru continued: “Air pollution, water pollution, may be very large [issues] – I am not trying to reduce the significance of those problems. They are significant problems, but they are not as universal as soil problems. “Soil biodiversity loss is something that you cannot reverse. Plastic, you can clean it up air you can there are ways to clean it up. But you can't just turn the biodiversity around because it's life making materials.  “Everything that you know as life comes from this. Once you destroy that there will be no turning back. Who you are right now as a human being is only a consequence of the microbial activity that's happening there.” In an effort to raise awareness of the grave threat to human life, and to push for policy change, on Monday Sadhguru will embark on a lengthy tour, starting in Trafalgar Square and finishing in Coimbatore, where his yoga school is based. The tour was originally supposed to take the mystic through Ukraine, Belarus and Russia – but the route has since been revised. Sadhguru lamented the conflict in Ukraine, but is cautiously thankful that it has not spiralled into worldwide war.  He told Express.co.uk that if it becomes “everybody’s war” that “what happened in World War Two, we will do probably 100 times more damage today, with the kind of technologies that we have". He added: “I hope nobody is hot-headed enough to take the world in that direction.” On his tour, Sadhguru hopes to meet Government officials to push for policy changes to go some way to reversing the destruction of our arable land.  Policies he has floated include giving farmers seeds to plant in the ground around harvests – so that they protect the soil in the off-seasons – and making sustainable farming more financially viable. And he is confident that he will be able to influence change: five Caribbean nations have signed up to his Save Soil pledge, and one is piloting regenerative farming to see if it can be rolled out across the country. Sadhguru commented: “Different nations may go for it in different intensity. Some will go all out; some will go halfway. But when the problem and the solution are so large, even incremental movement in that direction is good.” 