Anthony Joshua’s promoter Eddie Hearn has laughed off claims that Tyson Fury is set to retire later this year. Fury has claimed that his showdown with Dillian Whyte in April will be the last of his career. Boxing fanatics have been desperate to see Joshua and Fury go head-to-head before either calls time on their career. And they looked set to get their way last year after the duo apparently agreed to a two-fight contest. The first of those encounters was pencilled in for last summer, with a follow-up scheduled for mid-December or early January. And a contract had reportedly already been signed. JUST IN: Usyk breaks silence on Joshua rematch after joining Ukraine army But a spanner was thrown into the works after Deontay Wilder won his arbitration case to set-up a third fight with Fury. Fury had won a rematch against Wilder after the first bout had ended in a controversial draw and the 33-year-old believed the American’s shot at a third showdown had expired. But a US judge ruled that Wilder could fight Fury for a third time - a bout which the Gypsy King ultimately won. Joshua, meanwhile, lost his showdown against Oleksandr Usyk last autumn. So he and Fury are now looking less and less likely to ever get in the ring together. DON'T MISS:Eddie Hearn reveals mocking text from Tyson Fury after Whyte sell-outKell Brook 'prices himself out' of Conor Benn fight after big offerVitali Klitschko admits 'we killed six people' while defending Kyiv  “I’m 34 [in August], it’s the final fight of my career, I’m retiring after this,” Fury told journalists at a press conference ahead of his fight with Whyte. “£150million in the bank, good looking, healthy, young - I’m going to buy a massive yacht. I’ve got loads of super cars and properties all over the world. “Just going to sit back with a hot blonde [Paris Fury], Pina Colada and think ‘you know what I’ve f****** made it - boom.’ “I’m retiring - this is my final fight. It’s the final countdown - I’m done. “Do I need to do any more? Get a tan, put some baby oil on - what world champions do.”  But Hearn said in response: “If you believe anything Tyson Fury says, you’re absolutely mad.” Despite claiming he wouldn’t get in the ring again, Fury later appeared to leave the option open of one day facing off with Joshua. “I really would have loved to have [had the] fight with Anthony Joshua,” Fury continued. “I really hope he can beat Oleksandr Usyk - I really do. “People will say ‘oh no, you don’t really mean that,’ but I really do mean it because that would be an amazing showdown back at Wembley or wherever it might be. “He’s got to win this fight because if he loses again, then that fight is gone. But hopefully he wins it.” 