The UK Government launched the Homes for Ukraine scheme to provide emergency accommodation for those forced to leave their homes in Ukraine as a result of the ongoing conflict. The scheme offers UK households the opportunity to host a Ukrainian family for a minimum of six months in exchange for a £350 monthly payment. To become a sponsor, you must currently be based in the UK with at least six months' permission to remain here. You can be of any nationality, but you must have a recognised identity document for an ID check, as well as a spare room or separate, unoccupied accommodation suitable for an individual or family to live in for six months. As a ‘thank you’ for the kindness, the Government are offering every sponsor a monthly payment of £350. The payment will be completely tax-free, and will not affect council tax or any other benefit entitlements.  READ MORE: Homes for Ukraine: What if I can no longer afford to host a family?   You can opt to host more than one refugee household or individual as long as you have adequate means to do so. However, the £350 payment is limited to one payment per residential address - not per family you host - so no, you cannot claim multiple £350 benefits. However if you had multiple properties, you would be able to claim more than once. You will receive payments for every month you’re able to sponsor somebody, and this will continue for up to 12 months.  Sponsors are expected to provide suitable accommodation for the number of people they’re opting to host. This means the space you offer must be safe, secure, and free of any health hazards. Kitchen and bathroom facilities must be easily accessible, and it must also have sufficient space for whom you accommodate, for example, a couple can cohabitate in one room, but two separate, unconnected individuals cannot. Prior to payment, suitability checks will be carried out, including a visit to your home.  It is also suggested you help your guests adjust to UK life as best as you can upon arrival. Making sure they’re comfortable in their accommodation and a tour of the local area would be a great start - ensuring they know where local shops and transport links are would be most helpful. It would also be helpful if you could assist them in registering with a local GP and NHS dentist. However, you are not required to provide meals or cover any other living expenses, although if you can offer this if you’re able to do so. Every guest will be paid a £200 interim payment by the local council to help with any of these subsistence costs. If you’d like to apply for the Homes for Ukraine sponsorship scheme, you can register your interest here. 