Paul Hollywood has been on television screens for years, tonight, he will be seen judging another four celebrities in the Great British Bake Off tent for Stand Up to Cancer. Working in the food industry comes with its challenges, most commonly watching one's weight when you get to try so many delicious bread and cakes. In recent months, Paul has slimmed down, attributing calorie counting and no alcohol for his success. Paul, like many, put weight on during the national lockdowns, but filming Great British Bake Off contributed to the number on the scales increasing. He previously admitted: “I put on 12 pounds in that bl**dy tent. “All I wanted to do was go home to try and lose the weight again! “I am p****d off this year for the first time about it, because I was doing really well. READ MORE: Anne Diamond weight loss: How TV presenter shrank from size 20 to 12 “Lockdown was doing me good, not bad. But my exercise regime changed when I was in Bake Off because I wasn’t allowed to leave the bubble to cycle. “I was getting back into old habits, so I sort of expected it. “Now I’m back on it again – I’ve lost a good couple of pounds this week." In a bid to reverse the weight gain, Paul began counting calories and exercising. DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton style: Duchess’ Caribbean wardrobe cost £35,000 [PICTURES]Horoscopes & love: Libra at risk of getting 'hurt’ in love [INSIGHT]Jamie Oliver’s American-style pancake recipe - how to make [VIDEO] He said he was also baking his trademark - bread - as “you can control what goes into your food a lot more”. “I’ve actually lost a stone,” he said. “In fact, just over. I am working out a little bit – doing a bit of walking and running and tinkering... just watching what I’m eating really. “Every morning I have a couple of eggs from the farm down the road and I make my own toast. “So, it’s chucky eggs and soldiers and then in the evening, I may have another slice of bread with tomato soup. “I’m on about 1,100 calories a day,” the TV presenter added. “I drink about two litres of water as well. I haven’t had alcohol for about four months,” he told The Mirror. Paul also revealed he likes to cycle, for about “10 miles at a time”. As a rough average, you can expect to burn about 500 to 600 calories on a 10-mile bike ride at a normal travelling speed. The average man is recommended 2,500 calories a day, while the average lady is 2,000. Past research has shown that there are roughly 3,500 calories in 1lb of body fat. If you want to lose 1lb of body fat a week, you need to reduce your calorie in take by 3,500. That means eating 500 calories less a day.