Loose Women panellist Denise Welch has hit back at a Twitter troll who asked if she was "still going on" as she grilled The Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, Sajid Javid, about visiting close relatives in hospital. The TV personality, 63, told how she is still unable to visit an ill relative in hospitals because of Covid guidelines, before asking how the medical services would cope with Ukrainian refugees using the NHS. In view of her 520,000 followers, Denise put her question to the Conservative MP. The ITV star wrote: "Please explain @sajidjavid that as MANY hospitals in the UK are STILL not allowing people to be with loved ones ‘because of Covid’ including my close relative, how we are offering desperate Ukrainians use of the NHS if the hospitals can’t even operate a visiting system???" (sic) However, her question seemed to infuriate one social media user who commented on her post. Twitter user @CEdwards132 wrote: "You still going on." (sic) READ MORE: Amanda Holden, 51, dons thigh-high dress alongside Catherine Tate Without hesitating, Denise fired back at the Twitter troll for their insensitive comment. She replied: "Sorry Laura. "I presume you haven’t got a frightened loved one alone in hospital at the moment???" The troll replied: "Don't you want the best for your loved one to be SAFE and at any cost keep them safe." Denise's fans were quick to stand behind her and urged her to continue her campaign. @tottie10 posted: "Keep going on. With people like you voicing things get heard. I got your back." (sic) While @paul83268615 added: "Keep up the good work u do, important to highlight these issues, ignore the Laura's of the world." (sic) However, others disagreed and said that virtual communication was just as good as a substitute for in-person visits. DON'T MISS... Anne Hegerty pulls out of Beat the Chasers as she names replacement [UPDATE]Piers Morgan slams economist for criticising Zelenskyy's appearance [ANALYSIS]Monty Don stuns fans as host unveils surprise item he refuses to own [INSIGHT] @purplesat penned: "You can use a phone or better a pad for video call so they can talk to & see anyone at any time, not just visiting times. "There's no risk bringing covid in, no need for masks & you can make them very easy to use." In a later post, Denise went on to tweet Mr Javid once again, asking about patients in palliative care having their funding withdrawn. Posting an article from the BBC, Denise fumed as she tagged the MP. An analysis by the broadcaster reported that over 1,300 patients a year are having their NHS funding withdrawn after living longer than expected. Denise wrote: "Terminally ill patients having funding removed because they’re living a bit longer than thought @sajidjavid???" Her followers took to the comments, branding the move "absolutely disgusting and heartbreaking". The Secretary of State for Health and Social Care has yet to respond to Denise.