Satellite images taken on Monday appear to show a Russian military convoy en route to Kyiv. The footage, taken just north of the capital, shows the Russian convoy stretching for around 40 miles. Maxar Technologies, a Colorado-based space technology company, said the convoy was much longer than the 17 mile one which had previously been reported. It is thought to consist of armoured vehicles, tanks, towed artillery and other logistical vehicles. According to the BBC, the column is pictured near the town of Ivankiv, little over 50 miles away from the Ukrainian capital. But Maxar Technologies also revealed an additional set of ground force deployments and ground attack helicopter units had been seen in southern Belarus, which is just 20 miles north of Ukraine's border. JUST IN: 'Prohibited by Geneva!' Ambassador claims Russia used deadly vacuum bomb in Ukraine attack The report comes after Vladimir Putin, 69, was said to have felt "humiliated" after his troops failed to take Ukraine within the first 48 hours of his invasion. Ukraine's Ministry of Foreign Affairs also tweeted a summary of Russian losses during the current invasion. Around 4,500 Russian personnel are thought to have been killed along with the loss of 29 helicopters and an additional 29 aircraft. Almost 200 Russian tanks and 291 other vehicles are said to have been lost. READ MORE: Crack team of SAS veterans to join Ukraine's fight against Russia Russia has also ramped up the pressure on Ukraine by allegedly using a so-called vacuum bomb, a weapon which is prohibited under the Geneva Convention. The bomb, which is also known as a thermobaric weapon, is banned under the Geneva convention and draws in oxygen from the atmosphere to create an even more devastating explosion. Ukraine's ambassador to America, Oksana Markarova, 45, said: "They used the vacuum bomb today, which is actually prohibited by the Geneva convention. "The devastation that Russia is trying to inflict on Ukraine is large. DON'T MISS:What to do in a nuclear attack - four key steps to take to stay safe [ANALYSIS]Chilling meaning of new symbols appearing all over Ukraine [INSIGHT]Alexander Povetkin appears to defend Russian invasion of Ukraine [SPOTLIGHT]