The Celebrity Great British Bake Off for Stand Up To Cancer returns to Channel 4 with another batch of famous faces. Ruby Wax will be joined by singing coach Gareth Malone, TV presenter Laura Whitmore and social media star Yung Filly. Fans are keen to find out more about the comedian, including her age. Ruby Wax will be entering the famous Bake Off tent to make fruit turnovers for a good cause. She will also try her hand at a chocolate fondant, before reliving her most embarrassing moment in the form of a meringue showstopper. The American-British actress is also a comedian, writer and mental health campaigner. She trained with the Royal Shakespeare Company before starring in ITV's Girls On Top. Fans will know her for being a comic interviewer and she hosted many of her own self-titled shows. READ MORE: Bake Off's Prue Leith says she won't be made Dame by Royal Family The star is 68 years old and she celebrates her birthday on April 19, 1953. She has lived in the UK since the 1970s, having been born in Illinois. Wax moved to the UK to study at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama in Glasgow. She was known for her collaborations with Alan Rickman. Away from acting, she is an avid supporter of mental health charities. Wax has previously opened up about her own depression and she made an online BBC series surrounding mental health. Her stand-up show Losing It, which was shown at the Duchess Theatre in 2011, detailed her experience with clinical depression. She founded her own mental health website and published a book called Sane New World. In 2015, she was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for her services to mental health. DON'T MISS... Celebrity Bake Off star insists show bosses were ‘deliberately mean’ [INTERVIEW] Celebrity Bake Off 2022 cast: Who is in the SU2C special? [EXPLAINER] Bake Off's Paul Hollywood opens up on Matt Lucas' 'nerves' [INSIGHT] As for her personal life, she is married to TV producer and director, Ed Bye. They have three children including Max, Madeleine and Marina. Her previous husbands were Trevor Walton and Andrew Porter. The star is on Instagram and she shared the "exciting news" of taking part in Celebrity Bake Off. Fans said her return to the small screen will be "TV gold". In the trailer for the upcoming episode, Ruby jokes with her co-stars, saying she thought she was "on The X Factor". The star took part in a three-part BBC2 series called When Ruby Met... She spoke to a whole host of celebrities and figureheads from across the world. Some of her interviewees include Pamela Anderson, Carrie Fisher and Tom Hanks.  The Celebrity Great British Bake Off for Stand Up To Cancer airs on Tuesdays on Channel 4 at 8pm.