Sky News presenter Jacquie Beltrao, 56, was left holding her head in her hands when she forgot to bring one of her shoes to the studio. Jacquie was about to go on air for Sky Sunrise when she shared the faux pas with her 92,000 Twitter followers. She posted a photograph of herself wearing a smart pencil skirt paired with some white Converse trainers. She held up one blue stiletto and put her other hand on her forehead. as she despaired what had happened. Jacquie captioned the post: “Bl***y hell! It’s happened after 23 years doing this Sky News breakfast show I packed just one shoe. “What to do? READ MORE:Gogglebox's Jenny Newby tearful over organ donation chat “Stand on one leg and try not to wobble? Present in Converse? “Hope I still have a spare pair in the ‘boot’ of my Figaro. “#WardrobeMalfunction (sort of)”. Jacquie’s fans found the blunder hysterical and more than a hundred took to the comments, including some of her colleagues. Sky News editor Mike Kumar joked: “Nice plug for Converse Jacqs. Where your trusty bunion slippers!?” Lorenzo added: “Unfortunately, there’s a first time for everything Jacquie, but [to be fair] those converse you got on look presentable and more importantly sporty so quite apt for someone do the Sports News updates.” LG gushed: “Fortunately you would look good even in a bin bag. You rock those shoes.” And Jack sympathised: “Know the feeling, for an important business meeting in Geneva, I opened my case in the hotel to find I’d packed brown suit trousers and blue suit jacket.” DON'T MISS'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star[LATEST]Piers Morgan mocks 'Princess Pinocchio' Meghan Markle's first podcast[INSIGHT]Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**'[NEWS] It comes after Jacquie shared a candid insight into what life is like with cancer. Jacquie was diagnosed with breast cancer for the second time in 2020 after previously beating the disease in 2014. In a tweet shared last month, a clip showed the presenter holding up written posters on sheets of paper explaining her health updates. The cards read: “The scans are in and... I got NOTHING! Yay me!” Jacquie explained in the caption: “I live on a tightrope - scan to scan - living life in chunks of three months. “So three out of three NED scans is just THE BEST. “Thank you everyone on here for your support & positivity - makes a difference."