Kylian Mbappe will entertain any approach from Barcelona and listen to what they have to say before making any final decision over his future, according to reports in France. The PSG superstar is expected to leave the Parc des Princes at the end of the season after nearly five years at the club, with his current contract set to expire in June. His biggest admirers Real Madrid have been waiting patiently to pounce with the Bernabeu thought to be Mbappe's first-choice destination. The deal has been several years in the making having previously been invited to train with Los Blancos as a teenager. Mbappe was even once whisked about Real Madrid's Valdebebas training ground by Zinedine Zidane, who also tried to sign the player during his time at the helm. Yet Real Madrid's hopes of getting a statement, free transfer over the line - just months after they failed with a mammoth January bid - have been rocked by Barcelona's shock arrival at the table. READ MORE: Archaf Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Lionel Messi and Neymar 'don't speak to him' According to L'Equipe, PSG have now been informed that Barca are ready to launch a move for Mbappe and the same report claims the 23-year-old is ready to sit down with Real Madrid's rivals for discussions. The stance provides clear evidence that Mbappe is yet to make a final decision over his future as he focuses on finishing the season strongly under Mauricio Pochettino. PSG remain optimistic they can charm their World Cup-winning forward and convince him into signing a new lucrative deal. It's even been claimed that PSG are willing to pay Mbappe a whopping £84million (€100m) signing bonus to extend his stay in Paris.  DON'T MISSBarcelona 'open bidding' for Raphinha as Leeds receive first offer for Liverpool targetArchaf Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Lionel Messi and Neymar 'don't speak to him'Antonio Conte can finally land dream Tottenham signing after Barcelona 'bid for Raphinha' Barcelona are finally starting to begin their climb back to the top - something that was underlined with their 4-0 victory over bitter rivals Real Madrid in last weekend's El Clasico. Yet speaking earlier this month, Barca president Joan Laporta appeared to rule out signing Erling Haaland because deals of that magnitude may plunge the club back into financial trouble. Barcelona finished the 2020/21 financial year with losses of just over £400m, “caused by both falling revenues and the inability to contain spending.” Yet following the club's £500m loan from Goldman Sachs plus the new £58m-a-year sponsorship deal with Spotify, Barcelona are starting to believe there will be big cash to play with. Meanwhile, a shock move [Mbappe] to Camp Nou would surely squash Lionel Messi's faint hopes of a return to Barcelona. The Argentine is thought to be keen on moving back to Barca less than a year after his move to PSG following his former team-mate Xavi's impressive start to life in the hot-seat. Not only that but Barcelona are starting to show huge ambition in the transfer market once again - something Messi had previously been crying out for - having landed Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Ferran Torres and Adama Traore in the January window. Real Madrid may now need to up the ante and raise their offer if they're to pip their rivals to the heir to Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo's throne...