Ms Arden’s party has been taken over by the right-wing party for the first time. A new TVNZ/Kantar Public poll found the centre-right National party had surged by seven points to 39 percent, compared with Labour’s 37 percent – making it Labour’s lowest result in the poll since it was elected in 2017.  The New Zealand prime minister won international praise and widespread domestic support after being elected in 2017 but is now struggling to maintain her government’s popularity. The results are a direct result of the turbulent month in New Zealand, with Covid-19 cases spiking, violent protests outside parliament and steeply rising living costs. The country has been dealing with widespread Covid-19 for the first time in the pandemic, recording more than 20,000 cases a day and 773 people in hospital. Polling was conducted in the days when police broke up a weeks-long anti-vaccine mandate occupation of parliament grounds.  During the protest, large fires were lit around parliament and protesters allegedly attempted to burn down the local law school. Others hurled chairs, bricks, tables and bottles at police with as many as forty officers injured in the incident. The cost of living in New Zealand has also increased followed by the rise in annual inflation. Friday's poll revealed that 53 percent of those surveyed were pessimistic about the economy and only 28 percent optimistic.  READ MORE:'NATO strongest alliance' VDL caves she hints EU Army plans shelved  Speaking to Television New Zealand, Ms Ardern, who became the world’s youngest female head of government at the age of 37, admitted that her fellow countrymen were facing one of the hardest moments New Zealand had been through in many years. She said: “We are in the peak of the pandemic, we have a global energy shock which everyone is feeling as a result of the war and we have Covid-related inflation. “Families are feeling it.” Chris Luxon, leader of the National Party, said the poll reflected the people’s frustration with the government over the “cost of living crisis” as he accused Labour of not having a plan.  DON'T MISS:Ukraine crisis has unveiled EU’s weak leadership Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin's war escalates - Belarus 'to join TONIGHT'Charles will be ‘more fulfilled King’ with future Queen Camilla He said: “It certainly doesn’t have any solutions. “We are strong economic managers and we do have ideas on how to take them forward.” 