Citizens who oppose the invasion of Ukraine on social media are having to apologise and renounce their beliefs in humiliating videos. One Muscovite who posted a video of himself on social media saying "glory to Ukraine" was pushed to release a second video in which he declared his support for Russia's "special operation". The man, who was not named, was detained by police in Alushta, Crimea, which Moscow seized and annexed in 2014. He said in the footage: "I said statements used by Ukrainian nationalists. "I am not a [Ukrainian] nationalist and do not recommend these statements to the people of the Russian Federation. "If I offended anyone, I am sorry. I support the special operation of Russian forces in Ukraine." A Ukrainian living in Krasnogorsk, the outskirts of Moscow, was also forced to apologise for "speaking badly about Russian soldiers" on Instagram. In his filmed apology, published by RIA Novosti, he claimed he had been drunk when he criticised Russia in the original video. Ukraine War LIVE: Putin humiliated as defected troops learn how to blow up RUSSIAN tanks The young man, from rebel-held Donetsk, said: "I want to apologise to all servicemen of the Russian army and all employees of the Russian security forces, as well as their families and everyone who took, and is taking part, in the special military operation in the territory of the Republic of Ukraine." He was reportedly later released. Russia has seen an exodus of political activists, journalists and others who, critical of Moscow's attacks, feared the consequences they would face if they spoke out. On Monday, March 28, the country's top independent newspaper, Novaya Gazeta, announced the suspension of its online and print operations. It came after an alleged warning from state media watchdog Roskomnadzor for failing to properly identify an organisation deemed a "foreign agent" by Russian authorities in its publications. Editor-in-chief Dmitry Muratov, who was the co-winner of last year's Nobel Peace Prize, and his reporters said: "There is no other choice. For us, and I know, for you, it's an awful and difficult decision." The company added in a statement: "After this we are stopping the release of the newspaper on the website, on (social) networks and on paper – until the end of the 'special operation on the territory of Ukraine'." The newspaper, following the enactment of two new laws criminalizing independent war reporting and protesting the war, had recently removed material on the Kremlin's so-called "special military operation" in Ukraine. DON'T MISSFour key countries remaining quiet on Putin's war [ANALYSIS]Why Russia is failing in Ukraine [EXPLAINER]Russian oligarchs STILL enjoying posh houses and cars [INSIGHT] Fast-tracked through parliament on March 4, the laws make it illegal to spread "fake news" about the Russian military, to call for an end of its forces' deployment and to express support for sanctions issued by the West against Russian targets – with penalties of up to 15 years. More than two dozen Russian media outlets have been blocked by the country's media regulator or have chosen to cease operations, while Facebook and Instagram are banned, too. On March 17, in Moscow's most direct statement of intent since the start of the full-scale war on February 24, Putin said society would benefit from the absence of anti-war Russians "mentally" aligned with "the collective West". Referring to a "cleansing" of "scum and traitors", the president reinforced a not-so-new approach to those who oppose his dictatorship's ideas. He said: "The Russian people will always be able to distinguish true patriots from scum and traitors and simply spit them out like a gnat that accidentally flew into their mouths. "I am convinced that such a natural and necessary cleansing of society will only strengthen our country, our solidarity, cohesion and readiness to respond to any challenges." According to independent monitoring group OVD-Info, more than 10 thousand people have been arrested in Russia for protesting against Moscow's attacks on Ukraine. As of March 14, the figure stood at nearly 15,000 detentions – including children and elderly people. One single day, March 13, saw 817 people get arrested during demonstrations in 37 cities in Russia. There are also reports of employees losing their jobs or being kicked out of universities for expressing criticism of Putin's actions.