The Labour MP said the world changed when Russia invaded Ukraine as he said Brexit spats appear "petty" now. Speaking to Andrew Marr on LBC, Mr Lammy said: "I do think the world changed on February 24. We are most definitely now in a post-Brexit environment. "I have to say the petty spats with Macron over the English Channel and fishing rights, Article 16, it all feels really rather pathetic in light of what's happening in Europe. "Of course, it's brought us closer together and it's clear we have to be in partnership with Europe and at the centre of that discussion." He added: "This is not about trade. "This is about security, diplomatic operation, political and social cooperation. READ MORE: Putin's daughter: Anger over UK luxury estate where she ‘has home’ "Those discussions are for another day but it's patently clear the future of Europe has to be united." It comes as Britain is sending more weapons to Ukraine to help in the defensive effort against Russia's invasion, the Defence Secretary has said. Ben Wallace told MPs the Russians are "changing their tactics and so the Ukrainians need to too", with the UK exploring the possible donation of portable anti-air missiles. He also confirmed the UK has delivered 3,615 anti-tank weapons, known as NLAWs, and will shortly be supplying a "small consignment" of Javelin anti-tank missiles. Speaking in the House of Commons, Mr Wallace highlighted the "horrific devastation" inflicted on civilian areas by Russian artillery and airstrikes, describing it as "indiscriminate and murderous". He told MPs: "It is vital that Ukraine maintains its ability to fly and to suppress Russian air attack. "To date, the international community has donated over 900 manned portable air defence missiles and thousands of anti-tank guided weapons of varying type, as well as various small arms. "But the capability needs strengthening. DON'T MISS Is Russia launching cyber attacks? How Ukraine faces two-front battle [ANALYSIS]Dig for victory in fight for energy independence, says TIM NEWARK [OPINION]Prince Charles gets political as he meets Ukrainians refugees [VIDEO] "So, in response to a Ukrainian request, the Government has taken the decision to explore the donation of Starstreak high-velocity manned portable anti-air missiles. "We believe that this system will remain within the definition of defensive weapons but will allow the Ukrainian force to better defend their skies. "We shall also be increasing the supplies of rations, medical equipment, and other non-lethal military aid." Earlier, the Cabinet minister also confirmed: "On January 17, I announced to the House the Government's intention to supply military aid to the Ukrainian armed forces. "The initial supply was to be 2,000 new light anti-tank weapons, smaller arms, and ammunition."