Mary Nightingale has been presenting the ITV Evening News since 2001 and became the programme’s sole presenter in 2017. But despite her vast experience, the 58-year-old presenter admitted she sometimes feels like crying while delivering the news. Speaking to Radio Times, Mary confessed that during the coronavirus pandemic her voice “failed” her while reading out the tragic death figures. She explained: “I do feel like crying sometimes but I don’t think it’s helpful. “The effort of trying not to cry often makes my voice go. “During the pandemic, while reading out death figures every day and some of the very sad, difficult stories, my voice slightly failed me sometimes, almost like it didn’t want to say the words.” ITV News underwent a significant shakeup earlier this year after it was announced it would be doubled in length in the evenings from 30 minutes to an hour. The move will see the programme move to a new slot ‑ from 6.30pm to 7.30pm. It also means that Coronation Street and Emmerdale will be pushed back to later times too. The new, longer bulletins are set to start this month. ITV said the expansion will "bolster the key programmes in its pre-9pm schedule”. The extended news programme will clash with The One Show on the BBC, at 7pm. ITV's managing director of media and entertainment, Kevin Lygo, described the revamp as an “investment” for the broadcaster. He said: "As viewing habits rapidly change, live audiences to our national and international news programmes remain remarkably strong. DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford gives update as procedure leaves her with 'scabby' skin [HEALTH]A Place in the Sun's Jasmine Harman's farewell to Laura Hamilton [INSTAGRAM]Susanna Reid ‘sacrificing extra work projects to find a new beau' [INSIGHT] "Our evening news programme reached an impressive 35.6 million viewers in 2021. “We are very excited to be announcing this investment in what is an important public service strength of ITV ‑ high-quality, impartial, trusted broadcast journalism ‑ at a time when it could not be more important." ITV’s Director of News and Current Affairs, Michael Jermey said: "The expansion of the network evening news programme and the investment in new roles is an enormous vote of confidence in ITV News' journalism, which has continued to deliver strong exclusives and insightful reporting year after year, with 2022 so far being no exception. "ITV's news on television and digital platforms informs millions of people every day. It sits alongside strong current affairs output such as the Tonight programme, Peston, The Martin Lewis Money Show and the Bafta and Emmy award winning Exposure strand. ITV's impartial, independent journalism makes an enormous contribution to public service broadcasting in the UK”. The news programme will continue to be presented by Mary Nightingale. However, the team will also be expanded, with ITV set to recruit 27 journalists, producers and multi-skilled camera operators/video editors. The appointments include correspondents in Wales, Scotland and the north of England. Viewers in the Scottish STV licence areas will continue to see STV News at Six on weekdays.