Jill Biden was introducing Vice President Harris at a White House event marking Black History Month, when she appeared to mix her up with her husband. While President Joe Biden appeared to find the remark funny, he has previously been scrutinised for making the same mistake a number of times. The first lady said in her introduction: “As many of you know, our Vice President’s historic path to the White House began before she could even walk, marching with her parents in the Civil Rights movement, or at least being pushed in a stroller. “Since then, she has dedicated her life to pursuing justice and opportunity for all. “She is a partner to Joe, especially on issues like voting rights, and is proud to be the first, but not the last.” She then added, “Ladies and gentleman, the President of the Uni- the Vice President,” before the room erupted in laughter.  She justified her remark by saying: “I just said that to make you laugh.” The actual President Biden seemed to take the joke well, shrugging his shoulders but as he was wearing a mask his expression could not be read. He has referred to Vice President Harris as “President” several times in the last year, leading to speculation that he is no longer sharp enough to be in office.  READ MORE: US officials slam Putin after Russia issues deterrence alert In December last year at a commencement address at South Carolina State University he said: “Presiden Harris is a proud Howard [University] alum.” He referred to her as President Harris before in March 2021 and “President-elect Harris” in December 2020, one month before his inauguration. A poll carried out by ABC News/The Washington Post found that 54 percent of Americans do not believe he has the “mental sharpness it takes to serve effectively as president”.  DON'T MISS:Trump tipped to challenge Biden AGAIN as Dems rebel over policy fail [US POLITICS]PC culture behind the West's pathetic response, says NICK FERRARI [COMMENT]Joe Biden pledges up to £448m in ‘immediate military assistance’ [LATEST]