Christian Horner has yet again taken aim at Mercedes rival Toto Wolff as the team principals prepare to face off once more in 2022. Making a dig at Wolff’s choice to live in Monaco, the Red Bull man said: "We are very different. If I'm not at the racetrack, I'm in the factory. “I'm not living as a tax exile in Monaco, running a team remotely. "I am hands-on. My diary is full from the moment I arrive to the moment I leave, dealing with issues within the team. I have very much an open-door policy. "I grew up in the sport. I was a race driver that turned my hand to running a team. I'm a racer at heart. "Toto has come from a very different background. He has a financial background and is very driven by what the balance sheet says. “Results dictate that performance. Does he share the same passion as a racer? I have no idea. Will he be here in ten years' time or will he have cashed in and be on his super yacht? I have no idea." Christian, one of the most recognisable faces in F1, made the comments while speaking to the Daily Mail. He became the boss of Red Bull racing in 2005, which, as he hinted, put him in good stead to lead a group of up-and-coming drivers. His career in motorsport also helped him to meet his wife Geri Halliwell (now Geri Horner). They were introduced to each other by Bernie Ecclestone, the former F1 boss, while Christian was still in a relationship with his long-time wife Beverley Allen. After Christian and Beverley split, the Red Bull boss started dating the Spice Girl star in 2014. Christian and Beverley were married for 14 years, but split-up not long after his daughter Olivia was born. In May 2015, Christian and Geri got married at St Mary's Church in Woburn, Bedfordshire, but the wedding did not come without complications. Some of his family felt uncomfortable with his decision to leave Beverley so soon after their daughter was born. Speaking from their home in Gloucestershire before the big day, one of Christian’s angry relatives told The Mirror in 2015: "You can say that his parents are absolutely devastated. We won’t be going to the wedding. READ MORE: Christian Horner's honest answer when asked if he likes Toto Wolff "There is a lot more to this story than people know about – to do with his ex-partner." A friend of the couple said: "Over the years Christian has been very close to his parents – particularly to his dad who shares his love of motor racing – but recent events have thrown everything into doubt. His mum is particularly upset. "It’s a real shame and everyone involved is upset. "Weddings are expected to bring families closer together, but this engagement has driven a wedge between people." The Red Bull Team Principal and his ex-wife are now on good terms. In October 2016, Geri announced that she and Christian were expecting their first child together — with son Montague born in January 2017. Her team released a statement, which read: "Geri and Christian are absolutely delighted to announce they are expecting their first child together. DON'T MISS Red Bull's Christian Horner puts ball in FIA's court over Mercedes car [INSIGHT] Christian Horner has private talks with FIA president amid new car row [ANALYSIS] Christian Horner makes Mercedes accusation as Carlos Sainz agrees [INSIGHT] "The couple is overjoyed with the good news and cannot wait to welcome the newest addition to their family." A source told The Mirror that Beverley knew before they made the announcement, saying: "She has been fully kept in the loop and they have a good relationship." Geri was said to have been "deeply saddened" when Christian’s parents didn't want to attend their wedding A source told Closer in 2017: "Geri is sick of being painted as a home wrecker. She wants to be a good stepmother to Olivia, and for all three siblings to grow up with a good relationship, so she is determined to be on civil terms. "She knows there’s been a lot of heartache, but thinks that inviting Beverley over for children’s birthday teas is a good start towards building bridges between them."