Illia Ponomarenko, a Defence reporter with The Kiev Independent, shared a video of the destroyed missile system on Twitter. Writing on social media, Mr Ponomarenko took particular delight in the demise of the missile system.  He said: “Burn, m**r. Burn. “Russian Pantsir S1 missile system destroyed in Ukraine.” The video shows flames billowing out of the bottom of the missile launch system. Mr Ponomarenko’s video also shows the launch vehicle displaying the mysterious Z sign which has baffled western defence experts.  The Pantsir missile system is a collection of surface to air missiles and anti-aircraft missile systems. They are normally deployed in the back of military trucks. Although the technology was developed by the Russian military in the 1990s they only went into full service in 2012. The technology was also previously used in Syria and the war in Donbas. READ MORE: Ukraine battlefield 'transformed' by 2,000 British anti-tank weapons  It is not currently known where the video of the destroyed S1 was filmed. However, according to the website, Defense Blog, a number of Russian military trucks carrying S1 Missile systems were stuck in the mud in Southern Ukraine on Monday. Reports indicate that the vehicles got stuck near the city of Kherson. They were part of a large convoy that was hit by a Ukrainian air strike. DON'T MISS:  Putin crumbling as troops reject war and oligarchs seek 'revenge' [REVEAL] 'Go f*** yourself!' Captain refuses to fuel Russian ship  [INSIGHT] Russian soldier sobs humiliated by Ukrainians in video   [SPOTLIGHT]   The video comes as NATO leaders resist implementing a no-fly zone over Ukraine. British former diplomat, Sir Simon McDonald, has said NATO is doing “all it can” to help with the ongoing crisis in Ukraine, but has warned that imposing a no-fly zone over the country would equate to “an act of war” against Russia. He said: “This is a key disagreeable fact from the point of view of Ukraine but an immovable fact. “The alliance, NATO, is doing all it can to help, but a no-fly zone would take on Russia in a direct way. “A no-fly zone would require Western planes to shoot down Russian planes, that would be an act of war. “That would be a general conflagration very soon. It’s tragic, but there are limits to what we can do.” 