The actor, best known for his role in Friday the 13th Part 2, has died, with his wife Linda sharing the tragic news in a heartfelt note. The note was shared by Bill Randolph, who starred alongside Jack in the iconic horror flick. It read: "I am sorry to inform you that my dear husband, Jack Marks, died last week after a long, slow decline from congestive heart failure. "I know many of you have known him in passing as he loved to entertain fellow elevator passengers and trade quips with security guards and neighbors, en route to wherever he was going. "He spent his last two years mostly at home managing to enjoy his increasingly sedentary existence and keeping in touch with close friends. READ MORE: ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home Linda continued: "He received hospice care at home and briefly in Brooklyn, before he died peacefully, just short of 87 years old. We had been together 39 years. "Jack had a substantial acting career, both before and after we moved to Westbeth, twenty-odd years ago." Linda then spoke about the many roles her husband took on during his career and the impact he left on many. She finished the statement with: "When acting work became more difficult to get, he took up writing, producing hundreds of vibrant short stories and a few poems." Jack played Deputy Winslow in Friday the 13th Part 2, chasing an adult Jason Voorhees through the woods. When he arrives at a shack, his character the Deputy is killed by Jason with a hammer. Prior to the 1981 sequel, Jack had a role in the 1976 TV movie Der gross Horizont. He then appeared in the TV series, Ryan's Hope, and the 1988 film Anna. DON'T MISS... Ruth Langsford gives update as procedure leaves her with 'scabby' skin [HEALTH] Susanna Reid ‘sacrificing extra work projects to find a new beau' [INSIGHT] A Place in the Sun's Jasmine Harman's farewell to Laura Hamilton [INSTAGRAM] His last appearance on screen was in the TV series Tattinger's in 1989. Many social media users took to Twitter to share their sorrow for the death of the actor. SlasherTrash penned: "Bill Randolph has shared the sad news that Jack Marks has passed away. "Jack played Deputy Winslow in Friday the 13th Part 2, meeting his tragic end via Jason's hammer claw. Rest In Peace, Jack. Thank you." Fan A.J. Leatherman shared a picture of the pair, with the words: "I met Jack Marks in NYC back in 2013. "He couldn't have been nicer and was happy to tell Friday stories and sign autographs. RIP." Friday the 13th Part 2 faced opposition from the Motion Picture Association of America, who noted its "accumulative violence" as problematic, resulting in numerous cuts being made to allow an R rating. The film grossed $21.7 million in the US on a budget of $1.25 million, with a sequel being released one year later.