Alexandre Lacazette will need to be replaced if Arsenal do not agree a new deal with the Frenchman this summer. Lacazette has played a key role in the Arsenal side which currently sit fourth in the Premier League table. The Frenchman has not been banging in the goals but has had a similar impact to that of Roberto Firmino at Liverpool. Lacazette was signed by Arsenal in 2017 as a player renowned for his goalscoring prowess. He had scored over 20 goals in four consecutive seasons for Lyon before moving to the Emirates. But he has failed to reach that mark in any of his five campaigns in north London. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's arrival in January 2018 often saw Lacazette suffer from a lack of game time. But Aubameyang's departure earlier this year seems to have given the striker a new lease of life. TOP STORY: Liverpool delay transfer decision until 2023 with double exit expected  Lacazette's penalty in Sunday's 2-0 win over Leicester was his first goal in 10 matches in 2022 and just his fourth in the league this season. But he has also registered seven assists in his previous 10 appearances. His impact on Mikel Arteta's side is akin to that of Firmino at Liverpool. Firmino has not scored more than 15 goals in a league season since joining Liverpool in 2015. But he has undoubtedly been a huge player in their success under Jurgen Klopp. Firmino has started just eight league matches this season due to a  number of injury problems.  DON'T MISSMan Utd owners could demolish Old Trafford as Glazers consider 'complete rebuild' [REPORT]Man City ace Bernardo Silva reignites Liverpool feud with title message after Palace draw [INTERVIEW]Four managers Chelsea could turn to if Tuchel leaves after Abramovich crisis [OPINION]  But the form of Diogo Jota has also demoted him to second-choice No 9 for Klopp. Firmino has just over a year remaining on his Liverpool contract. Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane are also both out of contract in 2023. With Salah and Mane turning 30 this year, and Firmino already at that age, it would appear unlikely Liverpool will extend all three players' contracts. So if Arsenal do not keep Lacazette beyond the summer, Firmino could be the ideal replacement. Whether Lacazette stays or not, Arsenal will still need to add a younger striker in the next window.    But having an experienced back-up would be a wise move, especially with the likely addition of European football of some kind next season. Arteta says discussions over Lacazette's future will not be held until the season is over. But as of yet, it remains unclear if Lacazette would want to stay if offered a new deal. Firmino would fit seamlessly into the Gunners side, helping supply the likes of Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli either side of him. But whether a Liverpool hero would want to move to a Premier League rival is another matter. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here   