Dr Michael Mosley is a journalist, doctor, and author of various diet books. He created The Fast 800 diet plan, which focuses on the best way to lose weight “fast”. The Fast 800 helps slimmers plan their meals by offering hundreds of healthy recipes. Some of these recipes are sweet treats that are perfect for Easter, such as Hot Cross Muffins. These snacks are gluten free and dairy free alternatives to Hot Cross Buns. They are also much higher in protein and have much fewer carbs than their usual wheat and flour-based counterparts. READ MORE: ‘Incredible!’ Mrs Hinch fans share ‘much cheaper’ trick for limescale They are spiced with the delicious flavours of Hot Cross Buns, but are much healthier and lighter. Hot Cross Muffins are best served with butter or a dairy-free alternative. Dr Mosley’s recipe serves nine people and the preparation time is 15 minutes, while the cooking time is 40 minutes. There are only 235 calories in each Hot Cross Muffin and 7.4 percent protein. DON'T MISS:‘Lovely’ Queen wears rare brooch with special tie to Canada [STYLE]Novak Djokovic net worth: Tennis star has huge fortune [NET WORTH]Supermarets to make major changes to sugary and salty foods [FOOD] Ingredients Two large free range eggs 250ml full fat canned coconut milk One orange, juice and zest 1.5 tsp vanilla extract 205g almond meal One tsp gluten free baking powder One tsp cinnamon 0.5 tsp all spice 0.25 tsp ginger powder 0.25 tsp ground cloves 80g currants 10g coconut flour 20ml water 20ml full fat canned coconut milk One ziplock bag or piping bag MethodPreheat the oven to fan forced 160°C, 180°C, 350°F, or gas mark four.Line a muffin tray, or use a silicone muffin tray.In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, coconut milk, orange juice and zest, and vanilla extract.Add almond meal, baking powder, spices, and currants, then mix until just combined. Spoon into a lined muffin tray and set aside. In a separate bowl, mix together the coconut flour, water and remaining coconut milk. Spoon into a piping bag or small zip lock bag and pipe crosses onto the muffins. Bake for 20 minutes, then rotate the tray and bake for another 15 to 20 minutes until golden brown and a skewer inserted comes out clean. Serve hot with butter or a dairy free alternative.