Ulrika Jonsson, 54, is well known for her opinion and career on television as a presenter and reality star. The former model has taken to her recent column to blast Alice Evans over her recent update, claiming she will be "homeless" within two months. Alice's split from estranged husband Ioan Gruffudd has been made very public since he filed for divorce in March last year. The actress has shared on her socials many elements of what's going on and the future of the children they have together. The pair share Ella, 12, and Elsie, eight, with her latest woes being her fear her children will be losing "the only house they have ever known". Ulrika has taken to her Sun column to slam the actress for her homeless claims in the wake of the Ukraine tragedy. READ MORE: 'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase She penned: "I raised you up because I believe women are forever perceived as 'hysterical' as soon as they express their feelings, scream or cry. "Now you're voicing your very real concern that your two daughters will be left homeless as a result of the separation from your husband." She continued: "Regardless of the facts, much of the world will see you, actress Alice Evans, as largely blessed. "Not emotionally but in terms of the life you lead. In Hollywood." Ulrika then compared Alice's "Hollywood" situation to what is going on in Ukraine at the moment. She said: " The chances are you and your children will not be homeless. "Your ex is still financially responsible for them and you have the means to work. "The people fleeing Ukraine, now they are homeless!" DON'T MISS... Lily Allen goes braless in completely sheer white dress at GEM Awards [PICTURES] Dancing on Ice's Oti Mabuse shares family tragedy as niece dies [DEATH] 'Shoot anything that f******g moved!' Noel Gallagher on WW3 fear [OPINION] Ukraine has been devastated by Russia's invasion, with many fleeing the country, however not all have been able to escape. Fighting has now reached the centre of Ukrainian city of Mariupol, where 350,000 civilians have been stranded with little food or water. The Kyiv city administration said on Saturday that 222 people had been killed in Kyiv since Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24, including 60 civilians and four children. In the wake of this disaster, Alice opened up in a cryptic post about her situation at the moment. She said, along with a picture of herself: "Rough, rough day today. "The girls and I found out we are going to lose the only house they have ever known. In two months we will be homeless.' "I hesitated about sharing, because when your ex has paid good money to have you gagged and you risk jail by speaking out. (Communist China, anyone?) It gets really scary. "They love this house. It wouldn't be the end of the world. We can find a condo to rent somewhere I'm sure." Alice's update comes following the news that she had applied for legal and physical custody of her children.