The latest base rate rise now means it stands at 0.75 percent, following the previous rate rise announced in early February. Defaqto analysis has found that very few savings providers passed on the February rise but as another could be around the corner what are the market leading rates now?  The February base rate rise was a much anticipated announcement as savers believed they were seeing the light after the pandemic tunnel. However, many easy access accounts are still sitting with a 0.01 percent interest rate, much to savers' disappointment. The Defaqto research found that 42 out of 99 providers boosted their savings rates in the last six weeks. On Thursday, the Bank of England increased the base rate to 0.75 percent, marking the third rise in the last six months. READ MORE: Universal Credit claimants urged to claim other benefits and freebies worth thousands It is reported this rise is a reactive measure to try tame skyrocketing inflation which has been aggravated by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Currently, the average easy access rate according to Moneyfacts is still only half of the current base rate at 0.25 percent. This is still the highest average rate the UK has seen since June 2022. The top easy access account at the moment is offering 0.84 percent with Cynergy Bank which can be opened with just £1.    Easy access accounts are one of the most popular savings products as they offer savers instant access to their funds without any repercussions. However, this flexibility does come at a cost as easy access accounts generally have the lowest interest rates out of different savings products. Fixed accounts usually offer the highest interest rates, with longer fixed terms offering higher rates. Currently the top fixed account interest rate is offered by PCF Bank on their five-year fixed rates for 2.3 percent. This account requires a minimum deposit of £1,000. Fixed accounts are usually not advised for savers who may need to access their funds with short notice as this will generally incur penalties such as reducing their interest rate. Notice accounts can provide a medium between easy access and fixed rate accounts as they usually provide higher interest rates than easy access but more flexibility than fixed rates. Aldermore Bank is currently offering 1.1 percent on their 120 day notice account which requires a minimum deposit of £1,000. This notice account requires customers to give 120 days’ notice before withdrawing any funds from their account. The second best rate on offer for notice accounts is currently from Secure Trust Bank offering 1.02 percent on their 90 day notice account. Additionally, savers that want to utilise the tax advantages of their ISA allowances could look to cash ISA accounts. Currently the cash ISA account from Marcus by Goldman Sachs tops this market with 0.70 percent.