Jordan Henderson took to Twitter to issue a firm response to the England fans who were responsible for booing Manchester United defender Harry Maguire after Tuesday's win over Ivory Coast. The Three Lions cruised to a comfortable victory under the lights at Wembley Stadium, with goals from Ollie Watkins, Raheem Sterling and Tyrone Mings claiming the spoils for the hosts. England's job was made far easier when Serge Aurier was sent off for Ivory Coast after picking up a second yellow card for dissent in the first half of the match. Gareth Southgate's side went on to use their extra man to turn the screw and register a comprehensive win over the Elephants in a welcome boost to their preparations for this year's World Cup ahead of Friday's group stage draw.However, a number of England supporters were not impressed with Maguire, who has endured a torrid time of things with United in recent months. The 29-year-old was booed by a section of the home support when his name was read out over the tannoy prior to kick-off, while his first touch of the match was also met with jeers to the surprise of his England team-mates.Henderson has since weighed in on the situation by insisting that supporters were wrong to boo Maguire and reminding a section of the fanbase that his presence in the England setup has been invaluable to their progression over the last few years. "I can't get my head around what happened at Wembley tonight," said the Liverpool skipper in a Twitter statement after the final whistle. JUST IN: Man Utd hero Ince tips 'new Gerrard' to take over as England captain "Harry Maguire has been a colossus for England. Without him, the progress made at the last two tournaments would not have been possible. To be booed at his home stadium, for no reason? What have we become?"What happened tonight was just wrong. As someone who wants to win with England I feel fortunate to share a dressing room with him. We all feel the same!"It seems likely that Maguire will form part of the England squad for this year's World Cup in Qatar in spite of his lacklustre United form after establishing himself as a key member of the national side in recent seasons. The 29-year-old was also defended after Tuesday's match by England boss Southgate, who did not mince his words when quizzed on the booing of Maguire in his post-match interview. "I thought the reception was a joke, an absolute joke," Southgate told Sky Sports. "What he's done for us, the way he has performed for England has been phenomenal. I don't get it, we're either all in this together or we're not."You don't boo an England player regardless but when he's played at the level he has and put the performance in for us like he has, it should be total commitment behind him. So I don't get that at all. "For his performance, pretty faultless really. He stepped out from the back really well for the first goal and was involved in the second as well." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 