A former colleague has hailed Fernando Alonso's ability to read a race and knowledge of Formula 1. The Spaniard left the Ferrari pit wall red-faced on more than one occasion during his time with the Italian team, it has been revealed. Alonso spent five seasons with Ferrari, joining the team for the 2010 campaign. He was hoping the move would help him to win his third drivers' world title, while the Prancing Horse were also in search of a racer who could help them back to the summit of F1. Neither party ended up getting their wish, but that would have been different if not for a dreadful error at the end of their first season together. Alonso was favourite for the title heading into the 2010 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix with an eight-point lead over Mark Webber. His advantage over Sebastian Vettel was even greater, but it was the German who would leave the circuit as the F1 world champion after Ferrari's costly mistake. It was the team's choice to pit Felipe Massa in the hope that the Brazilian would be able to get in the way of Webber. When that didn't work, Alonso was also brought in to cover the Australian. JUST IN: Alonso’s last stand – how long Alpine star has to carry out El Plan However, the end result was that the Spaniard ended up stuck in traffic along with the Red Bull man, allowing Webber's team-mate Vettel to storm to the title. Massimo Rivola was Ferrari's sporting director at the time, and worked in that role throughout the entirety of Alonso's career with the team. The 50-year-old has revealed that there might have been plenty more blunders like that had the driver not overruled the team strategists at times. "Nobody reads races like him," Rivola told Il Foglio in his native Italy. "Many times he made those of us on the pit wall feel like idiots because he could see beyond. DON'T MISS:Red Bull chief Marko doubles down on Hamilton disadvantage claimChristian Horner gives insight into 10-team meeting over RussiaCharles Leclerc fires Hamilton and Verstappen warning with Ferrari belief "We were in front of the computers, he was doing another job, but he understood things before the others. "There are drivers who teach you a lot." Alonso currently races for Alpine, and showed in his first season back with the Enstone team that he is still capable of magic on the track despite being the oldest active F1 driver. His third-placed finish at the Qatar Grand Prix had fans dreaming that he might once against stand atop the podium before he retires. And he earned some effusive praise from McLaren driver Daniel Ricciardo for his Sprint Qualifying performance at Silverstone. The Spaniard wasted little time in making progress up the field during the first lap, starting in 11th and moving up to fifth in next to no time. "I actually congratulate him for making [sprint qualifying] pretty exciting," Ricciardo said of that particular performance. "His start was phenomenal, kept us on our toes. I think as well, it's cool to see there's always the question, like with any sport, is age a factor? "I think his race craft this year has probably been the best on the grid – at least at times. It's cool to see that. "If you've still got a passion and a real drive for it, you can keep doing it at a very high level."