The man had been taking two of his young grandchildren, aged three and five, to Yorkgate in North Belfast to play mini-golf when a dog attacked his granddaughter Faye. The animal, which had no collar and was not on a lead, launched itself at little Faye’s neck and dragged the child to the ground on Saturday, March 19. Faye’s grandad immediately wrestled with the dog to drag it off the girl, sustaining serious injuries to his arms. He pinned the dog against some railings by the side of the road and held it there for 40 minutes before a dog warden came to deal with the animal, according to Belfast Live. His daughter and mother of the children, Áine McCann, said the Japanese Akita was not chipped and an owner has not come forward. She said: "I could have been planning my child's funeral today. She could have been dead. "My daddy was walking with the kids at the corner of Asda and a Japanese Akita has grabbed my daughter by the back of the neck. It pulled her down and the only thing that saved her was her coat. “She had a light coat on before she left but I thought she would be freezing, so I changed it to the thicker one. My daddy was able to trail the dog off her. "He pinned it against the railings and he held it there for 40 minutes until the warden came. His arms were mauled, he has nerve damage and infections. He has eight puncture wounds on one arm and four on the other. "The police came after around 30 minutes and one of them helped my daddy to hold it while waiting on the dog warden. "My son was there too, he is three. If it had of got a hold of him, he would have been killed." The children’s aunt took them away from the scene while their grandfather went to hospital for treatment. Ms McCann, who was away for the night, said her father called her to tell her what happened soon after the event. She said her father collapsed as soon as the dog was taken away by the warden. She said: "My daddy collapsed as soon as he left the dog. He couldn't move. Adrenalin kicked in during that moment for him. His arms are now in bits. READ MORE: Locals nervous after 'big cat' sighting leaves dog 'petrified’ “If it had of been me with them, they would have been dead because there is no way I would have the strength to restrain a dog." Ms McCann said her daughter Faye has been left “traumatised” by the ordeal. She said: "This will be playing on her mind but she is showing no emotions right now. As her mummy, it is hard to watch.” The mother said she was keen to find out who owns the dog and hold them accountable for what happened to her family. "I just want to use this platform to see if anyone knows who owns this dog. It was a white Japanese Akita. The warden has it now and he says if nobody comes forward within one week, it will be put down. Someone is bound to know who owns this dog. "I want someone to be held accountable for this - for having that dog out and roaming in Yorkgate.” Officers from the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) attended the scene on Saturday and helped restrain the animal before the dog warden arrived. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Russian offensive on Kyiv stalls as Moscow [LIVE]AstraZeneca hands UK Covid lifeline as drug CRUSHES Omicron mutation [BREAKING]Russian ambassador's chilling warning to NATO with hint at 'plans' [LATEST] A PSNI spokesperson told Belfast Live: "Police attended a business premises in north Belfast on Saturday March 19 th afternoon following a report that a large dog had attacked two children. "One of the children sustained a bite to their neck. "It was also reported at approximately 3.50pm that an older man had also been knocked over by the dog and sustained a bump to his head. He was treated by the Northern Ireland Ambulance Service at the scene. "Another man sustained puncture wounds to both arms whilst trying to restrain the dog. "The matter has now been passed to the local dog warden, who will be carrying out an investigation." A Belfast City Council spokesperson said: "Following reports of a dog attack on Saturday 19 March, members of our dog warden service responded alongside the PSNI. "The dog is now in our possession and we continue to investigate the incident.” Belfast City Council have urged anyone with information about the incident to contact their dog warden service on 02890270431.