 Dasha Syrpis and Tom Thurston were welcomed onto BBC Breakfast on Saturday morning to explain how they’d travelled to Ukraine to help Dasha’s grandmother flee the conflict in her home country. The couple revealed they had managed to get back out of Ukraine, but are currently stuck in Brussels while they wait for the UK to approve a visa for Dasha’s grandma. While sharing their story, Tom blasted Boris Johnson and the UK government. However, viewers took to Twitter to complain when host Roger Johnson appeared to defend the government’s response.    Tom insisted the UK government isn't doing enough to help Ukrainian refugees. “Boris Johnson and this government are completely failing these people. It’s disgusting,” he fumed. Tom explained throughout their journey so far, many European countries have been welcoming. He said: “We go into Poland and Germany, hundreds of volunteers in the train stations, free sim cards, you know, everyone’s welcoming them. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle and Rhona Goskirk leave village    "I think the British public will welcome people, it’s just the government that’s standing in the way,” Tom commented. Roger read out a statement from the Home Office: “We are moving as quickly as possible to ensure that those fleeing horrific persecution in Ukraine can find safety in the UK, setting up both the Ukraine Family scheme and now the Homes for Ukraine scheme which allows those without family connections to come here.” However when the presenter asked Tom what he thought of the Home Office’s comments, Tom made it clear he wasn’t impressed. Expressing his anger, Tom claimed: “It’s an outright lie, it’s an outright lie!”    However, Roger swiftly replied: “I’m not sure it’s a lie, but maybe it’s just not moving as quickly as you would want. "Which I think everyone can probably see,” the presenter added. Tom blasted: “I think it’s embarrassing compared to the European countries. “They’re all doing their bit. Why aren’t we doing our bit?” He questioned. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast taken off air as alarm goes off live on air [MUST SEE]'Does that mean snow?’ BBC host stunned by Thursday weather forecast [UPDATE]Emmerdale horror twist as Manpreet star hints Meena could walk free [THEORY]  While watching the exchange unfold, some BBC Breakfast viewers took to Twitter to hit out at Roger. Many criticised the presenter, accusing him of trying to “defend” the government. “Tom is explaining how welcoming other European countries are and how disgusting the UK govt response is. The BBC presenters should not have tried to shut him down or defend this shameless govt. #JohnsonOut61 #BBCBreakfast” @HughEdw31897368 said. “#BBCBreakfast. Presenter Roger Johnson - shamefully shutting down a family fleeing a war zone when the government is accused of ‘lying'. #RealityCheck,” @GWellies commented. @tighabhinn wrote: “Trust Roger JOHNSON to be the one who defends the hopeless delays of the Home Office’s to issue visas to desperate refugees #BBCBreakfast.”    "#BBCBreakfast Again the @BBCBreakfast presenters trying to quieten the angry words of a family who are let down by this govt. Embarrassing,” @CaroleT10422776 said. “Why is your male presenter defending the appalling treatment of Ukrainian refugees by our government? They are not politicians, they are there to give their opinion and experiences. Your voice isn't important in their story #BBCBreakfast,” @Amberandbirch added. However, not everyone was in agreement as some believed Tom and Dasha were given a fair opportunity to get their side of the story across in the BBC interview. @CJrpeake said: “I think they got their point across, which was good to see.” BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One. 