Bridgerton returned to Netflix for season two just over a week ago and fans who have been desperate to find more escapism in the hit period drama have flocked to the streaming platform for the next chapter. Season one focused on the romance between Daphne Bridgerton (played by Phoebe Dynevor) and Simon Basset (Regé-Jean Page) and with their love story firmly fixed, season two turned its attention to a new character, Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley), and her romance with Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey). With fans already speculating the events of season three, Simone has given an update on her character's story, confirming "we're going to be back". After the original series captivated audiences, 27-year-old actress Simone had a lot to live up to as the woman fronting the next love story. Her character has proved just as popular though, and when asked about Kate's future, her reply will delight fans. "We’re going to be back!" she confirmed. "Kate and Anthony are just getting started." She continued: "We have the amazing Jess Brownell who is taking the lead as showrunner in season three. READ MORE: Where is Bargain Hunt's Anita Manning from? "In season two, there was a lot of push and pull between Kate and Anthony, there were complications with the family, and then they find each other towards the end." Teasing what's ahead, Simone added: "I think everything is just starting. I’d like to see Kate just let go a bit more and play more in season three and kind of swim in that circle of love together. I think they both deserve it." Although the intense romance between Kate and Anthony is a big feature of season two, Simone promised Kate will continue to prove herself as a significant character in her own right. Speaking to Deadline, she continued: "She’s in charge of the household now and she’s got big boots to put on. "I think she can do it. I want to keep that softness and vulnerability to Kate, for sure, and she can share that with Anthony. "I’m just excited for her to have a home and to have a family. I’m excited to see her grow. "I think I’d like to see Kate being much braver and less headstrong and more heart strong." Season two has been adapted by Julia Quinn's The Viscount Who Loved Me, the second in the series of books. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Stuart Highway dies during cancer surgery? [THEORY]Married at First Sight's Olivia and Jackson appear to confirm romance [VIDEO]Piers Morgan savages woke brigade in new rant [LATEST] There are eight main Bridgerton novels in total and each season of the television show is expected to be dedicated to one book. Each of the books focuses on a different sibling from the Bridgerton clan and so each time the main characters will shift. The ninth book differs as it's more of a collection of epilogues and excerpts. The Viscount Who Loved Me explores oldest sibling Anthony's story and his passionate love affair with Kate. Favourites from season one, Simon and Daphne, only make a fleeting appearance in the new instalments. Season one laid the foundations for the second outing with Anthony swearing off love following his break up with opera singer Siena Rosso (Sabrina Bartlett). Anthony vowed to find a suitable wife without the romance part attached, so he would form a prudent union. Bridgerton seasons one and two are available to watch on Netflix.