Want to upgrade your TV with a selection of exclusive channels, some of the most talked-about boxsets from the US, the latest sports fixtures, and blockbuster movies? If so, Sky TV is a great choice. The satellite company is best known for its Sky Q set-top box, with the ability to pause and rewind live television, which brings together oodles of content from Sky Cinema, Sky Sports, as well as boxsets from Netflix, Disney+ and Apple TV+ into the same menu. There's also support for 4K Ultra HD in series, movies and sports as well as voice commands to quickly jump to the right channel, or find a favourite director. However, if you want the latest kit from Sky's R&D labs, you should swerve Sky Q and check out the newly-launched Sky Glass, which benefits from all of the above but doesn't need a satellite dish drilled onto the roof as everything is beamed wirelessly via Wi-Fi. It also offers hands-free voice commands and a built-in sound system with support for Dolby Atmos for bombastic sound during your next movie night. And as if that wasn't tough enough, Sky recently launched its new Sky Q Lite option to further confuse things! Regardless of what bundle you choose, you do not want to pay full price. As such, we've rounded up the best Sky TV deals below for those looking to buy Sky Q, Sky Glass, Sky Sports, or Sky Cinema bundles. The below deals are only available to new customers, but there are discounts and deals available to existing customers who want to renegotiate their contracts – scroll down to find out about those. As you might expect, prices change pretty frequently, so it's worth checking back on a regular basis. Sky recently launched a so-called Sky Q Lite bundle on its website, which includes the award-winning Sky Q set-top box and its Superfast Broadband 35 package. At first glance, this bundle doesn't seem to make sense. Sky usually charges £26 a month for its Sky Q box with the entry-level bundle of channels and Netflix, but this bundle arrives with the Sky Q box and a broadband plan with an average download speed of 36Mbps for just £30 a month. The cost of the Q Lite bundle is not a pricing error, but instead, Sky is able to drop down the cost of this bundle because it doesn't include access to any of its exclusive channels. Sky Q Lite arrives with access to 250 channels available on any Freeview television or set-top box. You'll still be able to enjoy some of the core features of the Sky Q box, including pausing and rewinding live television and you'll be able to set Series Link recordings for your favourite shows on BBC One, BBC Two, ITV, Channel 4, and others. The built-in Netflix, Prime Video, Dinsey+, Apple TV+, Fiit, and Spotify apps will work just as they do for Sky TV subscribers, although you'll need a subscription to these services to be able to watch. But you won't be able to watch Yellowjackets, Girls 5 Eva, Mare Of Easttown, Brassic, The White Lotus, 30 Rock, Euphoria, Chernobyl and other critical hits available exclusively from Sky. Of course, it's possible to upgrade to a bundle with access to these channels down the line, but as discussed later in this article, existing customers don't always get access to the same deals as new customers. So, if you're thinking about upgrading to Sky to access some of the biggest boxsets from the United States as well as Sky Original shows, it might be best to plump for a package with these channels and the Sky Q box from the beginning. It's also worth noting the upfront fee of this low-cost Sky Q Lite bundle is more than the standard bundles with access to Sky's exclusive satellite channels, jumping from £20 with the standard Sky Q package up to £29.95 for the Q Lite offering. The download speeds available with the Q Lite bundle are a little slower than you'll get from any other broadband plan in the Sky store. While the satellite company previously offered a broadband plan with average download speeds of 36Mbps, you can't get anything slower than 59Mbps in the current lineup. After months of "high demand" for Glass forcing customers to place their names on a waiting list for this custom-designed QLED TV, Sky Glass is finally available to add to your online shopping basket without delay. Since its launch back in October 2021, this all-new telly has been notoriously tough to buy. Starting from mid-January 2022, the situation seems to be improving, with the ability to order today added across the Sky Store. However, Sky is still warning all customers that low stock might mean you aren't able to order your first-choice colour option right away. So, it seems some unlucky customers will still be forced to wait. After all, it seems Sky Glass is still experiencing immense demand right now. One thing is for sure ...if you've had your eye on this all-in-one television from Sky since it was announced last year, it's worth placing your order as soon as possible as there's no guarantee stock will be around for long! Some colours seem to be fairing better than others when it comes to stock levels. During the checkout process, you can pick between five colours: Anthracite Black, Ocean Blue, Racing Green, Dusky Pink, and Ceramic White. The speaker grill can be colour-matched, or you can pick from any of the colour options to create a stylish contrasting look on the front of your telly. Some of these custom contrasting options are currently low in stock – while others have now completely sold out, Sky warns during the checkout process. If you're set on a certain colour (or colour combination, if you're looking to add a contrasting speaker fascia), you could be waiting for quite a while until you can order your ideal Sky Glass model. Of course, that's not ideal if you're desperate to start watching your latest boxset binge from Sky's on-demand library, exclusive access to US streaming service Peacock, or from the bundled Netflix subscription. As such, those who are in a rush might want to take another look at the trusty Sky Q set-top box and upgrade your television separately. With any luck, Sky will have managed to meet the demand for its all-in-one television. Since October 2019, Sky has included a complete Netflix subscription with some of the telly bundles. Currently branded as the Ultimate TV bundle, this includes access to a wide selection of live satellite channels as well as 500 on-demand boxsets from Sky and a Netflix subscription that unlock access to the entire library of series and movies available from the popular streaming service. So, you'll be able to stream some of the most talked-about shows of the last few years, including Sex Education, The Witcher, Bridgerton, The Haunting Of Hill House, Making A Murderer, Tiger King, Queer Eye, Selling Sunset, The Good Place, and more. Netflix is tightly integrated into Sky Q and Sky Glass, with new shows and films suggested on the homepage all of the time. Sky will track what you're watching and recommend similar shows from across its own channels, on-demand content, and Netflix. You can use the voice search functionality built into Sky to check Netflix's catalogue too – so you won't need to worry about the hassle of typing out the name of a show, actor, or director with the alphanumeric keypad at the bottom of your Sky TV remote! Whenever you search on your Sky box, the software will check upcoming TV listings, the catalogue of 500 on-demand boxsets included with the Ultimate TV bundle, Sky Store, as well as Netflix's catalogue. So you'll never have to worry about accidentally renting something on Sky Store that you later discover was included in your Netflix subscription. Finally, the Netflix subscription included as part of this bundle is exactly the same as the one bought directly from Netflix. So, you'll be able to download Netflix apps to your smartphone, tablet, games console, or Smart TVs in other rooms of the house (if you don't pay extra for Sky Multiscreen, which brings small satellite set-top boxes to other TVs in your house with access to the complete Sky experience, including the recordings made on your main Sky Q box or Sky Glass telly) and watch the same shows and films. Netflix synchronises playback across devices too, so you can start bingeing a boxset on your Sky Q box, then pick up at the exact spot where you left off on your iPhone on the train to work, for example. As well as Netflix, the Ultimate TV bundle also arrives with access to exclusive shows and films from streaming service Peacock. Available as a standalone subscription in the United States, Sky has partnered with Peacock to incorporate its entire back catalogue as well as upcoming exclusive boxsets and movies into its Ultimate TV bundle at no extra cost. That means you'll be able to tune in to the Saved by the Bell revival as well as Rutherford Falls, Punky Brewster, The Girl in the Woods, Five Bedrooms, and Vanderpump Rules. Upcoming Peacock shows, like the dramatisation of the events covered in the Tiger King documentary broadcast on Netflix (also available for Ultimate TV subscribers) dubbed Joe Exotic and starring Kate McKinnon and Kyle MacLachlan, will be coming to Sky Q and Sky Glass very soon. All-new shows like Vampire Academy, Irreverent, The Innocent, The Resort, The Missing, The Best Man, Angelyne, Ted, and Battlestar Galactica, that appear exclusively to Peacock subscribers in the United States, will appear soon on Sky set-top boxes. Other highlights from the Peacock library include The Office (US), Parks and Recreation, 30 Rock, Psych, Superstore, A.P. Bio, The Mindy Project, Will & Grace, Mr. Mayor, Young Rock, and Saturday Night Live, alongside popular dramas such as Battlestar Galactica, Monk, Bates Motel, Heroes, Friday Night Lights, 12 Monkeys, Downton Abbey, House, Suits, Quantum Leap, Warehouse 13, The Equalizer, and Grimm, and talked-about unscripted hits like Keeping Up With The Kardashians, Million Dollar Listing, Below Deck and The Real Housewives. Peacock also packs some must-watch movies, including Brüno, Bulletproof, Children of Men, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, The Game, Hanna, Hannibal, The Last House on the Left, MacGruber, A Million Ways to Die in the West, Meet Joe Black, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Seed of Chucky, A Simple Wish, The Skeleton Key, Tower Heist, United 93, Very Bad Things, What Dreams May Come, and You, Me, and Dupree. One of the best perks of picking up a Sky TV subscription is access to its unrivalled sports coverage. Sky Sports has exclusive rights to a number of Premier League matches, award-winning coverage of the Formula 1, live coverage of golf, cricket, tennis, NFL, and more. Sky has rebranded its Sky Sports channels based on the sport they primarily cover – of course, these can change throughout the year, but for now, subscribers will be able to access Sky Sports Main Event HD (the biggest fixture of any sport taking place right now), Sky Sports Premier League HD, Sky Sports Football HD, Sky Sports NFL HD, Sky Sports F1 HD, Sky Sports Golf HD, Sky Sports Cricket HD, and Sky Sports Arena HD (this broadcasts all of the action from sports not represented by dedicated channels, including rugby, boxing, tennis, and a number of other sports). As always, you'll be able to pause and rewind the action as it takes place with your Sky Q or Sky Glass kit – so you'll never miss a moment. If you've added a Sky Sports bundle to your account, this will be reflected in the recommendations made on the main menu of your box. So, if there's a major sports fixture taking place, you'll see shortcuts to jump into the action when you switch on your telly in the morning. Sky Glass refreshes its suggestions six times a day to make sure they're always as timely as possible, while older Sky Q boxes provide a similar experience. Unlike with the standard Ultimate TV bundle, you won't need to pay extra for High Definition for the Sky Sports channels. By default, all eight channels will be available in the pixel-packed format. You can pay extra to boost this quality to 4K Ultra HD though. Want to bring the multiplex to you? Then, you'll want to add Sky Cinema to your Sky TV subscription. Previously known as Sky Movies, this bundle of channels brings some of the latest Hollywood blockbusters. Sky also produces a number of 'Sky Original' films, including the Academy Award-winning Promising Young Woman, which took home the gong for Best Original Screenplay earlier this year. The part-psychological thriller, part-black comedy is available to anyone who subscribes to Sky Cinema and can be viewed in up to 4K Ultra HD quality. Sky Original films are released to Sky Cinema subscribers on the same day as they launch on the silver screen in your local multiplex. Sky Cinemas has a rotating selection of films, with a new addition every day. These can be downloaded on-demand to your Sky Q or Sky Glass kit, downloaded to a smartphone or tablet to watch on-the-move for those who pay extra for Sky Go, or viewed as they air live on the Sky Cinema channels, which include Sky Cinema Premiere, Sky Cinema Greats, Sky Cinema Disney, Sky Cinema Family, Sky Cinema Action, Sky Cinema Comedy, Sky Cinema Sci-Fi and Horror, and more. Sky also launches a number of themed live channels, such as Sky Cinema Tom Cruise and Sky Cinema Harry Potter, which stick to their theme 24-hours a day. Movie fans can also use the voice search features included with Sky Q and hands-free with Sky Glass to test their knowledge. While the feature lets you shout the name of the film, actor, or director you're looking for... it also lets you say well-known quotes from movies to find the title. For example, shouting "Where's the money?" into your remote will load the listing for Jerry Maguire. Movie buffs can have a lot of fun working out which films in Sky Cinema's pretty expansive catalogue have been updated to support this feature. Coupled with the original films included as part of the bundled Netflix subscription, there should be no shortage of movies to watch with these deals. When you sign-up to one of the deals currently on offer from Sky, there's a minimum term for the contract. Usually set at 18-months, this is the period in which you'll have to stick with the bundle that you added to your shopping basket on the day you signed-up. However, as soon as that period is over, you'll be out-of-contract and able to renegotiate a new contract with Sky TV, continue paying each month without committing to a new minimum contract term (you'll usually find the monthly bills are quite a bit higher in this scenario), or leave Sky TV for another provider. Under the current Ofcom rules, Sky has to alert you when you're nearing the end of your current contract and have the above options open to you. It's at this stage in your contract when you'll be able to drop certain bundle of channels – like Sky Cinema, for example – to lower your monthly bills. It's likely that Sky will fight hard for your custom, anecdotally, Sky customers often recount securing huge discounts and sweetheart deals when attempting to reduce the size of their telly package. After all, Sky wants to keep its existing customers ...it doesn't want to boost the subscribers with Virgin Media's rival TV 360 set-top box. Of course, nothing is guaranteed. However, once out-of-contract, you will be able to sign-up to the most affordable Sky TV package available at that time – reduce the size, and cost, of your Sky TV package. It used to be pretty easy to recommend Sky as there was only one option. For years, the Sky Q box has won every award going thanks to its mammoth hard-drive capable of storing thousands of hours of television, its dizzying number of tuners that allow you to record six shows simultaneously, and the intuitive remote control that includes voice search capabilities – so you can say your favourite actor or director and be thrown to search results of all of their output across Sky's terrestrial channels, Sky Store, Netflix, and other streaming services on your box. However, things are a little more complicated following the launch of Sky Glass back in October 2021. This custom-designed 4K TV boasts (almost) all of the features that helped Sky Q clinch all of those gongs, but drops the need for a satellite dish. For those who don't want to affix a dish to their roof or wall, those in rented properties who aren't allowed to drill into the outside walls even if they wanted to, and those in high-rise apartments without a communal dish... Sky Glass means they can finally experience what Sky Q owners have been raving about for years! Sky has also supercharged a few of our favourite features from Sky Q, including the fact that voice control is now available hands-free (so you don't even need to get up and find the remote, you can just say "Hello, Sky" and then request a new channel, a streaming app, or quote from a film to be sent to the listing ("Show Me The Money!" will load Jerry Maguire in a blink, for example). At £13 a month, Sky Glass is pretty reasonable. Although, there are some reasons you might prefer to stick with the tried-and-tested Sky Q, which is still available to buy. First off, if you're already perfectly happy with your television, there's no need to buy another one. While £13 a month might seem low for a new telly, there's no point paying that at all if you've recently splashed out on a shiny new OLED TV, which will have a better picture than the QLED panel used in Sky's custom-built set. Next up, Sky Glass doesn't have a physical hard-drive inside it. Instead, everything is streamed from the cloud. So, instead of recording a series like I'm A Celebrity ...Get Me Out Of Here! on the spinning disk-drive inside your set-top box, Sky Glass will stream the show from ITV Hub when you want to watch it after-the-fact. For most people, that's fine. But those who want to keep their recordings for years, or like to re-watch old episodes of Match Of The Day (due to rights, BBC can only keep one episode on its iPlayer catch-up service at a time), you'd be better with Sky Q. And finally, if you want to start watching Sky television right now, you'd better stay away from Sky Glass too. The new all-in-one television is experiencing a huge surge in demand at the moment. For months after its announcement, Sky was forced to put customers on a waiting list. It's now possible to add Sky Glass to your online shopping basket right away, but Sky is still warning that low stock might force you to wait for the colour you want. By comparison, since there's only one Sky Q box, it's available to buy right now with no low stock warnings in sight. In fact, you'll be able to take delivery of the box within days if you've previously owned Sky. New customers will need to wait until the next available visit from the engineers, but that shouldn't be too long. As mentioned above, Sky Q shares a number of popular features with Sky Glass, so you won't be missing out too much by opting for this traditional set-top box and satellite dish set-up. You'll still be able to watch movies, live sport fixtures and boxsets in crisp Ultra HD 4K picture quality with Dolby Atmos surround sound (provided you've got the right speakers plugged into the back of your telly). There are also voice commands, the ability to start from the beginning of a show when you drop in halfway through, pause and rewind live television, built-in apps for Netflix, Prime Video, Disney+, Fiit, Spotify, and many more. And you can download recordings from your Sky Q box to take with you on an iPhone or iPad ready for your next longhaul flight, commute, or simply to watch in bed. If you're looking for the lowest monthly bills, Sky-owned NOW (formerly NOW TV) offers contract-free streaming to the same catalogue of exclusive TV shows, blockbuster movies and sports that you'll find on Sky Q and Sky Glass. For example, NOW Entertainment Membership unlocks access to Sky Atlantic, Sky Witness, Sky Comedy, Sky Max, and other paid-for channels for £9.99 a month – with no commitment to stick around for more than a month. For those who want flexibility, this can be a great option. However, it's worth remembering that with its entry-level Ultimate TV package for Sky Q, you're not only getting access to Sky Atlantic, Sky Witness, Sky Comedy, Sky Max, but you're getting a mammoth bundle of 300 satellite channels, including the likes Comedy Central, MTV, Syfy, Alibi, Gold, Discovery, Discovery History, and more. Not only that, but you're getting a Netflix subscription to watch via the Sky Q box (or your smartphone, tablet, or other streaming gadgets) as well as the Sky Q hardware, with its capabilities to record 500 hours of telly to watch later. At £26 a month, the Ultimate TV + Sky Q bundle is certainly pricier than the £9.99 a month subscription with NOW. But if you don't have a streaming gadget that supports NOW and will need to buy a Fire TV Stick, Roku, or Apple TV... you'll need to factor in that cost too. Not to mention a subscription with Netflix, which is included with Sky Q, provided you want to watch shows and films from the popular streaming service. If you want a deeper drive in the differences between NOW and Sky TV, we've got a comprehensive face-off below... Unfortunately, unlike some streaming services – like Amazon's Prime Video – there's no free trial available with Sky TV. That's because the satellite company will need to send out the hardware to tune in. With Sky Q, that means a satellite dish on the side of your house and set-top boxes, and with Sky Glass, that means the all-in-one 4K TV. That said, there is a way to get a seven-day free trial to enjoy the exclusive boxsets and movies available from Sky. The company's contract-free streaming service, NOW (formerly NOW TV) offers a week-long trial of its service, which is available on smartphones, tablets, games consoles, Smart TVs, and more. Sky-owned NOW, formerly known as NOW TV, unlocks access to many of the same shows and movies as Sky Q and Sky Glass. You'll be able to watch all of the same exclusive US boxsets, including award-winning series like Succession, Mare Of Easttown, and Euphoria, as well as Sky-produced originals, like Landscapers with Olivia Colman and David Thewlis, and Brassic with Michelle Keegan. Many of these shows are only available via Sky Atlantic, which isn't even available to those who pay extra to add Sky channels (like Sky Comedy, Sky History, and Sky Crime) to their Virgin TV 360 set-top box. It's only available to watch via Sky Q, Sky Glass, and NOW. So, what is the difference? Well, NOW is contract-free, so you won't need to worry about any minimum contract terms. Instead, like Netflix and Disney+, you'll pay for access to the service each month via direct debit and can cancel and walk away at any time. Better yet, you can switch between the NOW Memberships available at any time. So, if you've finished bingeing a must-watch series and want to watch a few movies instead, you can switch from the Entertainment bundle to Sky Cinema for a month. Then, switch back whenever you want. NOW is the perfect solution for anyone who needs that extra flexibility. But if you're looking for the best way to watch all of the latest-and-greatest shows, movies and sports... you'd be better looking at Sky Q or Sky Glass. While the latter options support picture quality up to 4K Ultra HD, you'll need to pay extra to get 1080p HD from NOW. Not only that, you can't replicate features like Series Link, which automatically records new additions to a series whenever episodes air. Voice controls are supported on both Sky Q, Sky Glass and NOW ...although only Glass supports hands-free commands. If you're watching NOW via an Apple TV or Fire TV, you'll have access to the same streaming services already available on Sky's own set-top boxes, including the likes of Netflix, Prime Video, Disney+, BBC iPlayer and more. However, unless you're subscribed to Sky Q or Sky Glass, you're not going to be able to bundle all of these subscriptions into a single monthly payment. READ NEXTBest VPN Service For Streaming Unfortunately, neither Sky TV nor its contract-free sister brand, NOW (formerly NOW TV), currently offers a special discount for pensioners. So, those hoping to secure a discount will be left disappointed. However, Sky offers a number of promotions throughout the year, so older viewers will likely be able to claim a discount in the sales, which will last the duration of the minimum term of their contract, which is usually 18-months or so. But while there isn't a specific savings scheme for pensioners with Sky TV, the satellite telly firm does offer a number of extra provisions to help older customers. On a help page, Sky advises "We’ve a range of support tools for customers who, for example, are elderly and need a little extra help, or who have particular accessibility needs (visual, hearing, cognitive or motor impairment)". It also has a dedicated page to support those who are struggling to pay their bills. "Managing a budget can be hard at the best of times and, when circumstances change, paying bills on time might be difficult. If your payment’s late, we’ll send you reminders and give you another chance to pay us. We’ll also add other safeguards to protect your interests. If a debt’s left unpaid and is passed on to one of our debt collection agencies, they’ll work with you to agree a fair and affordable repayment plan," it advises. "Please let us know if you have trouble paying so we can help you. We understandably see our customers turning to family or friends to help them manage their affairs but, whether you’re supporting someone else or need support yourself, it’s best to act sooner rather than later." "And if you’re also struggling to pay other bills because, for example, your income’s been lowered or you’ve taken on some unexpected costs, it’s always better to act as soon as you can to avoid falling further into debt. And whatever you need to do, we’re here to help." Unfortunately, yes. Like most broadband and paid-for television providers in the UK, Sky increases prices each year according to a set formula ...and this year is no different. From April 1, the average Sky customer will need to pay an extra £43 a year for the same download speeds and selection of channels. But while the average increase is roughly £3.60 extra a month, the exact amount you'll need to pay depends on the products you're signed up for. For example, the cost of Sky's Signature TV bundle will increase from £26 to £27, while those who have added BT Sport to their telly bundle will see prices rise from by £1 as well to £28 a month. If you want to watch in High Definition, you'll face an extra £1 a month charge. If you subscribe to all three, you'll see prices increase by much more than those who only have access to the basic selection of Sky channels with their Sky Q or Sky+ HD set-top box. For comparison, BT has already confirmed a price rise of 9.3 percent for all customers that will kick in from March 31, while the average Virgin Media customer will see monthly bills rise by £4.70 a month in the coming weeks. The Sky TV deals page available on the Sky website here only lists prices for new customers – that's anyone who doesn't currently have a Sky TV contract, including those who were previously Sky TV customers and are looking to rejoin. Unfortunately, existing customers might not be able to access the same prices and bundles visible on this page. However, that doesn't mean there aren't any great Sky TV deals available for existing customers. Logging into your account, Sky will present a number of exclusive deals tailored to you. This could include an upgrade, such as adding optional extras like 4K Ultra HD picture quality, Sky Cinema or Sky Sports to your current package, or switching to the latest Sky Glass hardware from an older set-top box. Sky VIP – the reward scheme available to all Sky customers – also offers a number of freebies and upgrades, with those who have been with the company for the longest period unlocking the most valuable goodies. If you're unhappy with your current monthly bills, it's worth talking to Sky's customer service team. It's possible they'll match some of the deals currently available to new customers if you've been with the company for a while. And if you're out-of-contract, mentioning that you're thinking of leaving Sky TV could be a good way to unlock some new discounts... but you didn't hear that from us, alright? The entry-level bundle from the satellite firm is called Ultimate TV and bundles together 100 channels not available on Freeview, including exclusive channels like Sky Atlantic as well as Sky Max, Sky History, Sky Comedy, Sky Documentaries, MTV, Comedy Central, Discovery Channel, and more. There are also 500 on-demand boxsets to download, including the likes of The Sopranos, Gangs of London, The White Lotus, Mare Of Easttown, Broad City, The Newsroom, Band of Brothers, Boardwalk Empire, Succession, Game of Thrones, and Chernobyl. You'll also enjoy a basic Netflix subscription (worth £5.99 a month) for complete access to the US streaming service's catalogue. And that's not all. Thanks to new partnerships across the Atlantic, exclusive boxsets and movies from US-only streaming services like Peacock and Paramount+ as coming to Sky customers at no extra cost too. This includes shows like the Tina Fey-produced comedy Girls 5 Eva and the dramatisation of the Netflix documentary Tiger King, called Joe vs. Carole. It costs £26 a month and comes with an 18-month minimum contract and a one-off £20 upfront cost. But while technically this is the entry-level bundle of channels that forms the foundation of all new bundles ...it is possible to secure Sky TV without this package. For example, Sky currently offers a so-called Q Lite bundle, which includes the award-winning Sky Q set-top box with more than 250 Freeview channels. You'll still be able to take advantage of features like voice controls, the ability to pause and rewind live television, and the built-in integration with Prime Video, Apple TV+, Netflix, and Disney+. And if you buy Sky Glass outright, there's no obligation to order any bundle of channels. You can order the custom-designed television just like any set from Samsung, Sony or Philips. Of course, if you don't want to be stuck with only Freeview channels, you'll need to order a package from Sky at some point in the future. What is so brilliant about Sky's broadband offering is how simple the satellite company makes it for you. There are just four options – Superfast 35, Superfast, Ultrafast, and Ultrafast Plus. While some of the names are confusingly similar, checking out the download speeds included with each of these packages makes it all abundantly clear. These packages unlock speeds of 36Mbps, 59Mbps, 145Mbps (that's over twice as fast as the average home broadband speed in the UK), and 500Mbps (more than 7x faster than most in the UK) for £25, £28, £35, and £45 a month, respectively. And that's it. All of the broadband plans arrive with unlimited downloads, so you'll never need to worry about extra charges no matter how much data you've used over the last month. For those who sign-up to the Superfast 35, Superfast, and Ultrafast bundles, you'll be provided with an optional landline. For Ultrafast Plus, which is only available in areas that have been upgraded to full-fibre connections, you'll use the fibre-optic line to make landline calls. So, what speed should you opt for? If you have a busy household with multiple people making video calls, streaming boxsets from Netflix, Disney+ or Sky, backing up photos to the cloud, or downloading software updates for their smartphones, laptops, tablets, and games consoles... we really wouldn't recommend opting for anything less than the Ultrafast bundle. Not only does that boast at least 145Mbps download speeds, but you'll also get faster upload speeds of 27Mbps, which is important when making video calls and uploading data to online storage, like iCloud, Google Drive or Microsoft Teams. If you want to see how the offering from Sky compares to the rest of the market, you can check out the best UK broadband deals on the market right now.