At least two people have died after violent clashes broke out at a Mexican League match on Saturday. The game descended into anarchy after rival fans fought during the game between Queretaro and Atlas. Seventh-placed Atlas had arrived in the north west of Mexico hoping to claim three valuable points to keep the pressure on the teams above them. And the visitors scored the opening goal of the game to take the lead. But the match was abandoned after 62 minutes amid the disorder and chaos. Fighting broke out in the stands and fans of the rival clubs were caught on camera attacking each another, with some throwing chairs and hurling metal bins. And the brawls then moved onto the pitch, with some supporters even taking chairs and metal bars with them. Fans were then seen throwing punches and kicking each other as players from both sides quickly fled to the changing rooms. TOP STORY: Man Utd ‘have Ralf Rangnick consultancy doubts’ as Erik ten Hag advantage emerges   The shocking scenes continued outside the stadium after security personnel had opened the gates to allow spectators, including women and children, to escape. Sickening footage has since been posted to social media, where groups of men are seen hauling people across the ground outside the stadium. Some people were shown being beaten and kicked as their clothes were ripped off. And one man can be seen being whipped. Initial unofficial reports claimed that up to 17 people had been killed, while a further 44 had been injured. DON'T MISSArsenal may have next Pires and Ljungberg and now just need to find their new HenryLiverpool boss Klopp may have given away who he wants to sign if Mane or Salah leaveChelsea could look at £83.5m defender if Muhsin Bayrak buys club from Roman Abramovich    But authorities later said that 22 people had been injured, with at least two believed to be dead, despite other contrasting reports. “Nine of them taken to the General Hospital and of these, two are critical,” said the Queretaro state civil protection agency. “The rest are stable. It should be mentioned that all of those injured are male and at this moment it's been confirmed that four were from the state of Jalisco.” Meanwhile, the governor of Queretaro State, Mauricio Kuri, insisted that perpetrators would be held accountable for their appalling actions.   “I strongly condemn today's violence at the Corregidora Stadium,” he wrote on Twitter. “I have given instructions to apply the law with all its consequences. In Queretaro there is no impunity.” The league also condemned the violence after confirming the match would not be resumed and said there would be “an in-depth investigation into what happened in the stands, on the pitch and outside the building during the match.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  