If you're finding Wordle too easy, then you should make the jump to Quordle. The popular Wordle clone tasks users with figuring out four different words in nine attempts, which is extremely difficult. If you're looking for a helping hand solving the daily Quordle puzzle for March 27, then head to the bottom of the page for a selection of spoiler-free hints for Quordle 62. Good luck, you're going to need it. The aim of Quordle is to figure out four different words in just nine attempts. Much like Wordle, you'll need to pay attention to the colour of the tiles. If the tiles turn grey, then the letter doesn't appear in the word you are guessing. If it's yellow then the letter appears, just not in that particular spot. Finally, green tiles mean the letter appears in that exact position. The twist with Quordle is that when you guess a word it will appear in all four answer boxes. You can solve them in any order, so keep an eye on all four words while you're guessing, because you may be able to knock out the third word before you've guessed the first one. One strategy is to get as many vowels in your opening guess as possible. Try words like ADIEU or AUDIO in your first attempt, as these letters are more likely to appear in more words. If you're not able to solve the first Quordle word in your second guess, then try a word with five completely different letters in order to maximise your chances of solving each puzzle. Be sure to check back with Express Online each day for all the latest Wordle and Quordle clues. Quordle hints for word 1... 1. The first word starts with the letter F. 2. The first word contains two vowels. 3. I could use some of this magical dust to help solve the puzzle. Quordle hints for word 2... 1. The second word starts with the letter N. 2. The second word contains just one vowel. 3. You'll need to be a bit of a geek to figure this one out. Quordle hints for word 3... 1. The third word starts with the letter H. 2. The third word contains one vowel, although it appears twice. 3. This is the American spelling of a word for great respect. Quordle hints for word 4... 1. The fourth word starts with the letter D. 2. The fourth word contains two vowels. 3. The fourth word rhymes with FELT.