Express.co.uk spoke to Tracy, 60, who lives in the capital and has been able to turn her talents into an earning role. Tracy explained she had always worked in a number of clerical roles, but felt unfulfilled. She said: “I have three children who are now grown up, but when they were younger I worked on a clerical basis part-time, but I was also a housewife for many years. “I’ve been trying to do this for over 10 years, because I always wanted to use my skills and talents to make money.” Tracy established her own shop shortly before the COVID-19 pandemic hit, but unfortunately had to close due to the lockdown. It was at this point she began to consider alternative methods to get her services out there. READ MORE: Pensioners hit back as inflation soars with 'no support' Tracy explained: “During lockdown, I did sell quite a few things actually on Facebook Marketplace and eBay, but all of last year I didn’t sell a thing. “Then one day, scrolling through social media, Airtasker popped up and I just tried it - I haven’t stopped since!” By offering her skills through this platform, Tracy averages around two or three tasks per week. She has earned £200 for jobs such as restoring and waxing treasured furniture, designing and making soft furnishings, upcycling, tailoring and repairs. DON'T MISSPension reform may still be ‘on the agenda’ after Spring Statement [ANALYSIS]Pensioners urged to claim £3,000 support after Sunak’s statement [INSIGHT]Universal Credit and PIP payment dates to change next month [UPDATE]  Getting started through Airtasker was easy, Tracy said, particularly given her experiences in the past. She added: “The hardest thing was always being found, having a platform and reaching people. “When you put items in other people’s shops, they take a percentage and it’s not as flexible. “With this, sure, it’s not what I make, but it’s other people bringing their items to me and I can help them with it. “The things that people want are very varied, but I can pick and choose the projects - and it’s easy!  “I find it rewarding, because I’m lucky I am doing something I love and I can work from home. “I’ve recently bought a big shed as my studio to work from, and I’ve met some great people along the way.” Tracy describes these tasks as “what you make it”, as there is a lot of flexibility which the platform permits. People can either choose to make their tasks a significant commitment, or turn their work into a lucrative side hustle. Tracy said: “If someone wants it alongside their main job, there are a lot of different opportunities to make your skills work.” Having an alternative stream of income, though, has significantly helped Tracy amid the ongoing cost of living crisis. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea She continued: “It’s given me an income, because without my shop and the lockdown it was pretty tough for us. “My husband was out of work for a period of time, but now he’s back full-time, and I do this, we’re getting a steady stream of income again. “It’s financially rewarding as well, and it’s really helping out. I’m hoping to build on that in the future - you never know what it might lead to.” Tracy is able to set her own prices and rates through the platform, which she says promotes “fairness”. As people cannot always work out an hourly rate, being able to set her own prices makes Tracy feel “in control”. And she thoroughly recommends it to anyone who is thinking it could work for them. She concluded: “For anyone who is thinking of it, I’d definitely say you should go for it! Give it a try and see what happens.”