During a classic episode of Antiques Road Trip, experts Izzie Balmer and Catherine Southon went head-to-head, aiming to earn as much money at auction as possible. After an impressive find from Izzie, the specialist was left gobsmacked after original Arts and Crafts William De Morgan tile sold for a huge profit. The TV presenter left the auction with a big grin on her face as it went down a treat with bidders. Speaking to her co-presenter, Izzie showed off: “It’s William De Morgan." While watching the events unfold from another room, Catherine gushed: “Oh well done.” The auctioneer began the bidding: “The [William] De Morgan tile, put me in at £30 then.” William De Morgan was an English potter, tile designer who was often praised for their medieval or Islamic design patterns. READ MORE:Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series 'No-brainer' The valuation started racking up and after reaching £55, Catherine announced: “It’s going! Izzie, this is brilliant." Proving to be a hit with visitors, the price came up to £130 and the bids didn’t seem to be slowing down anytime soon. “Let’s just sit and let it roll,” Catherine beamed, while Izzie was clearly stunned by the reaction to the tile. After reaching £160, the auctioneer made a final call on the offer, which triggered the BBC presenters to sit at the edge of their seats while they listened in.  The gavel went down at £160, meaning Izzie had made a profit of £120. Catherine was full of praise for her co-star, exclaiming: “Izzie, well done, that is amazing.” Izzie, proud of her find, said: “Thank you," as Catherine continued: "Amazing, that is a spectacular profit.” “That is just absolutely brilliant.”  The tiles had been likened to one of Izzie’s favourite pieces and left her feeling “chuffed” with its success. Later on in the programme, Catherine’s final item was a maritime walking stick which she had purchased for £56. Hoping to earn big, the BBC host believed her purchase was “a bargain” and could potentially make a lot of money at auction. “It’s very intricate, it’s beautiful,” she told Izzie.  Making up for her losses throughout the day, Catherine sold her item for £200. 