Chelsea have been told that they may have their own Robin van Persie on their hands in a star who Rio Ferdinand has admitted he loves watching. The Blues have endured a disrupted fortnight after Roman Abramovich was sanctioned but have still managed to continue their winning run. A key part of their run has been Kai Havertz, who has been one of Chelsea's best players in what is his second season at Stamford Bridge. The German was underwhelming in his debut campaign following a £72million transfer move from Bundesliga side Bayer Leverkusen. But having now settled in London, the 22-year-old has begun to show why Chelsea paid such a hefty fee for him in 2020. Havertz has scored 11 goals and notched five assists so far this campaign, to help the Blues to the Carabao Cup final. He has recently been deployed as a striker by boss Thomas Tuchel, thriving in his new spot with Romelu Lukaku having struggled to perform. The latest high point of his campaign came on Sunday when he produced a sumptous touch before firing in Chelsea's winner against Newcastle. READ MORE: Man Utd may have secret weapon to tempt Thomas Tuchel to quit Chelsea Goals such as that and his performances in general have now seen Ferdinand draw comparisons to Premier League icon Van Persie. The Dutchman scored 190 goal for Arsenal and Manchester United, with Ferdinand stating his belief that Havertz shares some of his skills. "The streets liven up when you see goals like that. It is like a Berbatov, Robin van Persie touch, how slick it is, velcro vibes on the edge of his toe and an exquisite finish. I love watching him play," former United defender Ferdinand told BT Sport. DON'T MISS: Romelu Lukaku's Chelsea woes compounded by damning Big Six comparison (INSIGHT)Billionaire friend of Trump to make late Chelsea bid before deadline (NEWS)Liverpool, Man Utd and Chelsea in three-way battle for Barcelona ace (TRANSFERS) Ferdinand is not the only one to have hailed Havertz for his performances this season, especially in his the striker role. Former Chelsea star Joe Cole has also been left full of admiration for the German and has praised the way he has taken to his new position in Tuchel's team. "I’m so impressed with him. He’s playing the number nine role like a seasoned, centre-forward. His timing, his aggressive movement. What he does well, which I thought was a problem for him due to his midfield tendencies, is try and come for the ball. All good centre-forwards think how they can lose their markers, but he’s brilliant at it," Cole told BT Sport.