The Batman star Zoe Kravitz was one of many Hollywood stars in attendance at the Oscars on Sunday evening. She may have witnessed the shocking moment when Will Smith slapped Chris Rock over a joke the comedian made about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith. It is thought that Will and Chris have been embroiled in a bitter feud for years. The actress has taken to Instagram to share her outfit details from the night, but she also used the opportunity to share her thoughts on the altercation. In view of her eight million followers, the Batman actress described the controversial incident as an “assault”. In the first post, she wrote: “Here's a picture of my dress at the award show where we are apparently assaulting people on stage now.” READ MORE: Janette Manrara breaks silence on husband Aljaz's Strictly farewell Her dress was a pale pink Saint Laurent gown with off-the-shoulder detailing She followed this with another outfit picture and another caption about the Oscars ceremony. Zoe added, in her second post: “And here is a picture of my dress at the party after the award show - where we are apparently screaming profanities and assaulting people on stage now.” The 33-year-old didn’t name Will or Chris directly in her Instagram caption, but alluded to the incident. Viewers watching the Oscars on Sunday evening were stunned during the tense moment when Will screamed “keep my wife’s name out of your f*g mouth” after slapping Chris on stage. Chris, who was there to present an award, had made a joke about Will’s wife. He had joked that he was looking forward to seeing “GI Jane 2”, in a remark about her shaven head. The feud between the two stars has divided opinion on social media sites such as Twitter. DON'T MISS:'Woke' Hollywood stars slammed for accepting $140k Oscars gift bags [NEWS]Richard Williams ‘doesn’t condone’ Will Smith Oscars slap [LATEST]Madonna’s daughter Lourdes Leon stuns in plunging gown at Oscar Party [PICTURES]  Will won Best Actor that night for his portrayal as Venus and Serena Williams’ father in King Richard, and gave a tearful acceptance speech. He apologised to the Academy as part of his acceptance speech, but didn’t mention Chris, however, he has since issued a statement where he apologised to Chris. On Monday, Will posted a statement on Instagram, in view of his 62 million followers where he said he “deeply regretted” his behaviour. The Academy has “condemned” Will’s actions and is launching a formal review amid calls for Will to be stripped of his Oscar award.