Exactly nine months to the day after their wedding night, Elvis Presley’s wife Priscilla gave birth to Lisa Marie on February 1, 1968. The couple would sadly split and then divorce in 1973 and The King never had any more kids. There’s been much speculation over the years on if the singer did want more children and one close relative in the Memphis Mafia has recently chimed on the matter. Danny Smith (the son of Elvis’ cousin Billy) grew up with The King at Graceland and answered the question in a recent Q&A. Speaking on the Memphis Mafia YouTube channel, he said: “It’s been said by different people, yay and nay. And like I said, no one person was around Elvis all the time. I don’t know what he may have told other folks and he never told me that he did. But I just had that feeling or felt like he was very content and happy with Lisa and just the way things were going. I personally don’t think he was looking to have more children. Only really Elvis would know that but, my view of it…that’s what I personally think.” Priscilla herself has previously answered fans on her official Facebook a few years ago on how she and Elvis chose Lisa Marie’s name. The 76-year-old said: “I bought a book of baby names for Elvis and I to choose from. We would lay in bed night after night looking through all the names that would sound good together. We decided that Lisa Marie was beautiful for a girl…She wasn't named after anyone.” The King’s ex-wife also shared what a son would have been called. Priscilla revealed: “I loved the name John Baron for a boy...he agreed.” Lisa Marie’s mother also dispelled a rumour over the naming of her daughter. She said: “From what I hear, it was written somewhere that we may have taken the name Marie after Col. Parker, his manager's wife, who was named Marie. That is not true. We just simply... liked those two names together.” DON'T MISSElvis Graceland upstairs bedroom secrets ‘We'd spend hours on the bed’ [GRACELAND UPSTAIRS]Elvis ‘ate burgers constantly’: Hid weight gain with special jumpsuit [ELVIS FOOD]Elvis Presley: ‘Exciting fairy tale’ memories of growing up with King [GRACELAND] Priscilla and Lisa Marie will be portrayed in the upcoming Elvis movie biopic. Austin Butler stars as The King with Olivia DeJonge as his only wife who he met when she was just 14 in Germany. The musical blockbuster is directed by Baz Luhrmann and co-stars Tom Hanks as the singer’s manager Colonel Tom Parker. Elvis hits cinemas on June 24, 2022.