British tourists looking for the most beautiful staycation destinations in the UK this summer will be spoilt for choice. Which stunning spots are perfect for staycations? Daffodil Hotel has ranked the most beautiful locations in the UK by looking at the number of beauty spots and amount of green spaces. The team also looked at the number of heritage spots, Instagram hashtags and the number of mountains and hills. Keswick in Cumbria was named as the UK’s most beautiful staycation location with an incredible 24 beauty spots. One visitor to the Catbells Lakeland Walk in Keswick said: “Incredible 360 degree views, well worth the effort. READ MORE: British expat warning of ‘total nightmare’ rules in Spain “This is a really excellent walk with stunning views at the top.” Keswick also had 34 mountains and hills and 152 attractions earning it its spot at the top of the rankings. Another Cumbrian beauty spot was ranked in second place. Ambleside had 14 beauty spots and 16 green spaces. Loughrigg Fell in Ambleside was described as “beautiful” by many Tripadvisor reviewers. One visitor said: “Beautiful panoramic scenery with varied terrain taking you across open fell, mountainsides, riverwalks and forests.” Whitby in North Yorkshire was ranked as the third most beautiful staycation destination in the UK. The stunning seaside town is a great family holiday spot and has some of the UK’s best fish and chips. Daffodil Hotel was impressed by the town’s 19 beauty spots and 120 attractions while it had been tagged over one million times on Instagram. Bakewell in Derbyshire was ranked as the fourth most beautiful staycation holiday destination in the UK. Close to many breathtaking walks in the Peak District, visitors to Bakewell should make sure to try one of the town’s famous tarts. Bakewell also has 11 beauty spots, six green spaces and an incredible 44 mountains and hills. Salcombe in Devon was the fifth most beautiful spot and could be the perfect staycation for Britons looking for a southern seaside break. The town had over 200,000 tags on Instagram and 38 attractions for visitors to explore. The most beautiful staycation destination in Scotland was Oban in Argyll and Bute which had 12 beauty spots. The Scottish town ranked sixth in the UK and has over 250,000 hashtags on Instagram and 80 mountains and hills. Beddgelert in Gwynedd was named as the most beautiful spot in Wales with six beauty spots and 183 mountains and hills.