New data from Go Compare shows fast-food delivery drivers pay an average of £1,369.27 per year to insure their vehicles, the highest in the country. Taxi drivers are also forced to pay high car insurance costs with an average of £1,010 per year. Shockingly, librarians and shopkeepers are the next highest with drivers set to pay £949 and £919 per year. Couriers were next with average costs at £908 per year, followed by computer operators, pickers and cafe owners. Ryan Fulthorpe, spokesperson for Go Compare said prices were high as insurers see some jobs as “more of a risk”. He said: “It’s always interesting to look at how a job title can impact your car insurance – there are some obvious professions in here where you’d expect to pay more. READ MORE: Drivers warned of simple mistakes which can void their car insurance “For example, a fast-food delivery driver will be on the road more and is therefore seen as more of a risk by insurers. “But professions such as librarians and computer operators aren’t generally considered 'risky' professions.” Meanwhile, retired drivers pay the cheapest rates in the country with average annual costs of just £395.18. Occupational therapists were next, followed by research scientists and credit controllers who all had fees below £480. DON'T MISSCar insurance costs could rise due to March number plate changes [INSIGHT]Elderly drivers warned of 'inevitable' car insurance price increases [COMMENT]Car insurance increase will put ‘financial pressure’ on households [ANALYSIS] Other popular jobs with bills lower than £500 per year included college lecturers, nursery workers and scientists. Mr Fulthorpe added: “When it comes to those who have the cheapest premiums – again, a retiree would make sense as they’re less likely to be on the roads at peak times and therefore less likely to get into a collision.” Although Go Compare encourages drivers to change their job title to save costs, they warn drivers must still be honest in their application. They warn motorists could “invalidate any future claims” if their job title does not accurately reflect their actual profession. Mr Fulthorpe added: “If you are getting a quote for your car insurance, it is worth looking at the wording of your job title to see if you can save money on your premiums. “Obviously, any changes would have to be within reason. “However, if you changed your job title from 'chef' to 'caterer' or from 'journalist' to 'writer', then these would be acceptable ways to describe your profession.” MoneySuperMarket says drivers should “play it safe” and tell their insurer if they change jobs during their term. However, changing your occupation when your policy is up and running could lead to extra fees. These will be an administration charge or policy amendment fee which can vary. MoneySuperMarket warns if it’s just a promotion, drivers “could probably wait” until the policy is renewed.