Uralkali have threatened legal action against Haas F1 after the German team terminated their sponsorship deal with immediate effect. The Russian fertiliser company is demanding a full refund after they were axed amid Russia's invasion of Ukraine, with Haas removing their branding, and also the colour red, from their car livery. The decision was made despite the father of Nikita Mazepin, who debuted for Haas in the 2021 campaign, partly owning the company. Initially, Mazepin's place on the grid for 2022 appeared secure after the FIA announced that Russian and Belarusian drivers would be permitted to compete in F1, provided they agreed to do so as neutrals and also signed a statement opposing the war in Ukraine. However, UK Motorsport then defied that decision by announcing Mazepin, 23, would be barred from participating at the British Grand Prix at Silverstone in July. And on Saturday, his team released a statement revealing his contract had been terminated "with immediate effect." JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton explains three elements he had his eye on in Max Verstappen spying mission They added: "As with the rest of the F1 community, the team (Haas) is shocked and saddened by the invasion of Ukraine and wishes for a swift and peaceful end to the conflict." On Wednesday morning, Uralkali issued an explosive response to the developments, announcing the company “intends to protect its interests in line with applicable legal procedures." According to F1i.com, the statement added the company "reserves its rights to initiate judicial proceedings, claim damages and seek repayment of the significant amount" that it claimed had previously been paid to Haas for 2022, adding the team had "failed to perform its obligations to Uralkali for this year’s season." They also warned they would be seeking “immediate reimbursement of the amounts received by Haas." DON'T MISS:Sergio Perez sends message to Red Bull after Max Verstappen's eye-watering new contractChristian Horner takes aim at Toto Wolff over Lewis Hamilton Mercedes successMercedes rivals in panic mode as Lewis Hamilton set to debut radical W13 design in Bahrain Uralkali also said that Haas's decision to end its sponsorship deal was "unreasonable" and added that it “believes that sports should always be free of politics and pressure from external factors." Furthermore, the company pledged to use the refund from Haas to help establish the We Compete As One athlete support foundation, an initiative that Mazepin himself is fronting. "Today I am announcing the creation of a new foundation to help athletes who have been blocked from competing for political reasons. #WeCompeteAsOne." Mazepin said on Twitter. Haas are yet to announce who will take Mazepin's place in their line-up alongside Mick Schumacher this season, with reserve driver Pietro Fittipaldi taking his spot for the three days of testing in Bahrain from March 10-12. Russia has been the subject of numerous sporting sanctions since President Vladimir Putin ordered troops into Ukraine on February 24. The FIA reacted by axing the Russian Grand Prix, initially due to take place in Sochi in September, from the 2022 schedule. The authority then went a step further, cancelling the event for the foreseeable future - having previously permitted the race switching to St Petersburg in 2023.