Our brains look at the eyes before any other feature when identifying a face, so you’re lucky if people regularly compliment them. New research by Lenstore and Inbaal Honigman, an esoteric colour expert, has found that changing your actual eye colour cannot just affect the mood of people around us, but also reveal our personality traits. Here’s what YOUR eyes say about you. Blue is the most common eye colour in Britain, having overtaken the traditional brown in recent years. A 2014 study by SCOTLANDSDNA found that 48 percent of people in the UK have blue eyes, 30 percent have green and 22 percent have brown. A spokesperson for the company said this might be because blue eyes are like the ‘peacock’s tail’ and are considered to be more attractive. However, blue eyes were originally the result of a gene mutation in a man who lived 10,000 years ago in the Baltic region. READ MORE- Lord Sugar slams Piers Morgan for 'crowing without giving solution' Every eye colour conveys a different spiritual message, so everyone has a special charm no matter what colour they were born with. If you’re like a huge proportion of Brits and have blue eyes, Inbaal said you’re invoking the water element. The esoteric colour expert said: “Blue eyes invoke the water element. “It'll make us think of the seaside, of romance and of faith. “People with this colour eyes will be emotional and spiritual.” The team at Lenstore added: “Choosing blue contacts may be a good option for someone who is looking to rekindle a romance and improve its longevity.” If you’re got brown eyes, you’re giving off ‘earthy’ vibes. Inbaal said: “Brown is the colour of Earth and signifies stability and a ‘happy home’. “People with this colour are generally stable in their relationship and everyday life. “Others will feel a sense of security when looking into brown eyes, letting them know you’re a trustworthy and reliable person.” DON'T MISS...Pfizer side effects: Four side effects that affect the face [INFORMER]Phil Collins health: The drummer's 'frail' look explained [INSIGHT]Diabetes: Do you experience polyuria? The sign that strikes 'at night' [EXPLAINER] Green eyes connect with the air element, so you probably seem very clever. Inbaal said: “People with this colour eyes are good communicators and often intellectual. “When seeing the colour green, we're immediately drawn to reading, long conversations and nights out.” Lenstore’s experts said: “Green coloured contacts should be chosen by those who are going on a first date, as their partner will be more enticed to the conversation.”