On Sunday, Will Smith stormed onto the Oscars stage and appeared to slap comedian Chris Rock across the face after he made a joke about Will's wife Jada Pinkett-Smith. The incident has been the hot topic of conversation since the awards ceremony, and in a new interview, former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan has shared his thoughts on what happened. Piers claimed Will saved the Oscars after he branded it an "unbearable, sycophantic snooze-fest". "I don't believe any of this, I am just saying that," host Tucker Carlson began as he claimed the slap between Will and Chris was "staged". Piers replied: "I think it was real and because I think it was real it was actually one of the most entertaining moments in Oscars history. "It saved the Oscars because let's be honest, it is normally this unbearable, sycophantic snooze-fest of backslappers all telling each other how wonderful they are." READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is The former ITV host continued: "I expected last night to turn into a series of virtual-signalling speeches about Ukraine, but instead, we got a real-life personal war to erupt on stage between two bonified superstars and it was absolutely riveting. "I was half asleep in my hotel room, and suddenly it's like 'Woah, what is going on here?' "At the heart of it like all wars, it began probably with a terrible misunderstanding. "Chris Rock from what I gather had no idea that Jade Pinkett-Smith, Will Smith's wife, suffers from this medical condition called alopecia which causes her to lose her hair and made her shave all her hair off last summer." "Had he known that, I don't think he would have done the pretty lame joke," Piers added. "Will Smith I think, thought that Chris Rock did know that his wife had the condition and was deliberately mocking it. "At that moment, as he said in his statement of apology to Chris Rock and everybody else. He said, look I just lost it in the emotional moment of thinking this guy was mocking my wife's illness. "I can kind of sympathise with both guys, but I don't agree with you, Tucker, I don't think it was fake. I don't think these guys were acting, I think it was the real deal." DON'T MISS...'He LAUGHED at the joke!' Eamonn Holmes blasts Will Smith  [VIDEO]Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Danny 'sent to a shrink in infant school' [NEWS] "It was an extraordinary moment," the host admitted. "Probably the most extraordinary moment in the history of the Academy Awards." Piers also took to social media on Sunday night to share his thoughts on the slap. In view of his 7.9million followers, Piers stepped in to defend Will's actions. He wrote: "So much snowflakey b******t re Oscars smackdown." He continued: "You can think Will Smith wrong to slap Chris Rock but still understand why he did it if he thought - incorrectly - Rock was deliberately mocking his wife’s alopecia in front of a gazillion people." "I’d have probably done the same," he went on to add.  Following the incident at the Oscars, the Hitch star did issue an apology to Chris over his actions. Will took to Instagram to publicly apologise to both Chris and the Academy. He said he was "embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be". He wrote: “Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive. “My behaviour at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally. “I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong." “There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness," he added. “I would also like to apologise to the Academy, the producers of the show, all the attendees and everyone watching around the world."