Sir Ed Davey met with party activists yesterday for the Liberal Democrats' 2022 spring conference in York. During his keynote speech, the MP for Kingston & Surbiton turned on the Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak over the cost of living crisis. Sir Ed Davey, who replaced Jo Swinson as party leader in August 2020, said: "It’s time the Chancellor listened and understood how inflation and his tax rises are hurting people hard. "So, Rishi Sunak: Drop your unfair tax rises. Scrap the National Insurance hike. "And unfreeze the income tax thresholds. Do it in your budget next week." He added: “But with the war in Ukraine pushing up the price of oil and gas, and energy bills poised to surge even higher, the Chancellor must go further still to help hard-pressed families and businesses. “That’s why I’m calling on him to cut VAT to 17.5 percent, right now. "A fair tax cut worth six hundred pounds per household. JUST IN: MPs to vote on Lib Dem amendment to 'name and shame' animals killed by river sewage dumps "Helping with the cost of living, instead of adding to the pain. "That’s the help people across our country need. "Not Sunak’s damaging tax hikes. Liberal Democrats cutting taxes, fairly. Conservatives raising taxes, unfairly." The Liberal Democrats' tax-cutting announcement might be considered a pivot to attract more 'Blue Wall' Tory voters who are frustrated by Mr Sunak's economic agenda in recent months. The party has already made significant inroads into the Conservative heartlands at both local and national level. However, their stand-out gains came last year with by-election success in Remain-voting Chesham & Amersham and Brexit-backing North Shropshire. READ MORE: 'Utterly shameful!' Ed Davey urges Boris to SACK Priti Patel over Ukraine refugee crisis Sir Ed Davey's party, who vociferously campaigned to stop Brexit, previously put pressure on the Government to axe VAT on energy prices earlier this year despite the move only being possible following the UK's departure from the European Union. However, the Liberal Democrat leader claimed his most recent VAT announcement would save families £600 on average and provide a much-needed boost for the High Street. Official figures suggest cutting VAT by 2.5 percent, which would return the indirect levy to its 2011 rate, would cost the Treasury over £18billion per year in revenue. But the Bank of England also expects inflation to hit 7.25 percent next month. The Government has come under pressure following its decision to increase National Insurance by 1.25 pence in the pound on April 1 to tackle NHS backlogs and fund social care, including from around 10 Tory MPs. Energy bills are expected to cost the average household an extra £693 a year as price caps are set to rise in April. There are also growing concerns the cost could increase yet again following Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine. DON'T MISS:Putin could be suffering from ‘roid rage’ from cancer drugs [REVEAL]Putin will invade EU cities if the West fails to intervene [INSIGHT]Kyiv will only fall if it is ‘razed to the ground’, warns Zelensky [SPOTLIGHT]