The 95-year-old Queen had vowed to continue with her engagements prior to contracting Covid but the ongoing struggles have meant she was no longer able to attend certain events. These included the annual Commonwealth Day Service at Westminster Abbey earlier this month, which she had only skipped once due to the coronavirus pandemic in 2021. Speaking to US Weekly, Royal Author Robert Jobson discussed how she “must accept '' that her physical health may prevent her from doing the things “she wants to do”. He said: “At 96, there will be cases where she is hoping to be at events but she can’t be at them - even if she really wants to be at them. “The Queen has been struggling, a little bit, with her movements, she’s recovered from Covid. “It’s disappointing for her. It’s what goes with the time, some people can’t even walk." He added: “She is mentally agile, mentally fit but sometimes physically can’t do the things she wants to do”. READ MORE: Kate and Prince William handed crucial side mission as Cambridges embark on week-long tour Aside from coronavirus, Queen Elizabeth II has suffered from some other health difficulties in recent months. In October 2021, she attended a Service of Thanksgiving alongside her daughter Anne and used a walking stick for the first time since 2003. She was later revealed to have spent a night in hospital. This overnight stay came after cancelling a scheduled trip to Northern Ireland under medical advice from her doctors. READ MORE: Prince Edward branded 'pompous and arrogant' after rare interview Following her hospitalisation, it was announced that the Queen had been advised to rest for at least two weeks. The Palace said she would continue to undertake “light, desk-based duties”. This medical advice meant that she missed the United Nations COP26 Climate Change Conference in Glasgow. Queen Elizabeth decided not to appear at the November 14th Remembrance Day ceremony due to a sprained back. Despite her ill health, in November 2021, she attended a joint baptism of two of her great-grandsons. The event was for Zara Tindall’s child, Lucas, and Princess Eugenie’s son, August. Prince Charles was given marriage 'ultimatum' by father Prince PhilipKate Middleton stuns fans with return of classic hairstyle - 'Goddess walking amongst us'Royal Family LIVE: Harry warned of throwing away his 'last chances' with major decision In December, things appeared to be looking up as the Queen held a number of in-person meetings. Due to the heightening of Covid cases, she opted out of attending the traditional family Christmas festivities at Sandringham. The Monarch met with outgoing Defence Services Secretary Rear Admiral James Macleod at Windsor Castle last month and was heard telling him, “Well as you can see, I can’t move”. She, again, held onto a walking stick at this event. Behind the scenes, the Queen has been dealing with the stress surrounding a number of family scandals. These include Prince Andrew’s lawsuit and the investigation into Prince Charles’ charity cash-for-honours allegations. On February 20, it was revealed that the Queen had tested positive for Coronavirus and was experiencing “cold-like symptoms”. Her diagnosis came shortly after Prince Charles and Camilla tested positive. 