Yellowstone season five is on the way to The Paramount Network with John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) more vulnerable than ever. Following the explosive events of the previous season, protecting his family is crucial. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the actor's family in real life. Costner married his wife Christine in 2004 and the pair have three children together. He had been dating the model and handbag designer for four years. The pair married at Costner's ranch in his ranch in Aspen, Colorado. Their son Cayden was born in 2007, followed by son Hayes in 2009 and daughter Grace in 2010. READ MORE: Kevin Costner details key plot point Yellowstone fans corner him on Annie is Costner's eldest child and she was born in 1984. In 1975 while in college, Costner started dating student Cindy Silva, and they married three years later. Annie, 37, is one of the couple's three children. She is an actress who has starred in films The Postman and The Baby-Sitters Club.  Lily was born in 1986 and she is the second-eldest Costner sibling. Like her older sister Annie, Lily is an actress and the 35-year-old featured in Yellowstone. The talented singer performed on a track titled Heaven's Gate that was featured during episode seven of season two. Lily has also performed alongside her father a number of times. Joe is Costner's last child with Silva and he was born in 1988. Joe was a baby when his father filmed Field of Dreams, but he went on to have his own acting career. The pair were seen pictured together in 2021 at a Major League Baseball game.  Liam Timothy was born in 1996 and Costner had his son with Bridget Rooney, with whom he had a brief relationship. DON'T MISS... Yellowstone season 5: Kayce Dutton to die after Luke Grimes clue?Piper Perabo husband: Is the Yellowstone actress married?Why is Yellowstone season 5 split into two parts? Cayden is Costner's first child with his wife Baumgartner and he was born in 2007.  Hayes is the second-eldest son of Costner and Baumgartner's, and he was born in 2009. Costner told the Associated Press the name Hayes was “a cowboy character” in a Western movie he had planned to make. The star said it was “a great Western name”. Grace is the youngest Costner sibling and she was born in 2010. Costner spoke in an interview with Closer Weekly about fatherhood and his children growing up. He said: "You get great letters from them [on Father’s Day], and I can see how they’re evolving. “Little Grace ended her letter with, ‘Your best child.' "We’re going to have to talk about empathy and we’re going to talk about perspective a little bit.”  Yellowstone season 5 is in the making for The Paramount Network.