Susanna Reid and Adil Ray clashed with Dominic Raab on Good Morning Britain as Ray asked the Deputy Prime Minister to clarify visa rules concerning Ukrainians who wish to take refuge in the UK. However, Ray used the debate to take a dig at Brexit as he skewered Raab on the Government’s decision making process. Priti Patel has said Ukrainians “already settled in the UK” can now bring over their “immediate Ukrainian family members”. However, those not falling within the Government’s definition of immediate family must “apply ordinarily under the points-based immigration system”. Meanwhile, the EU had planned to grant Ukrainians who flee the war to stay and work in the EU for up to three years. Raab defined “immediate family” as “dependants” on GMB but refused to elaborate further leading to Ray hitting out at the Government for not making a “quick” decision on refugees. Read more: Adil Ray slapped down by Dominic Raab over Ukraine probe Ray quipped: “I thought one of the reasons we came out of the EU Mr Raab is that we would have more control, we could make quick, clear decisions. “The EU has made a decision with hours, they’ve decided across all the EU states that they will allow people into the European Union with no asylum application required for up to three years. “We are supposed to be in control and yet we can’t appear to make a decision, what was the point?” The Deputy Prime Minister hit back: “Well we can make a decision.” Interrupting, Ray said: “You just said we haven’t, we’re still waiting for detail.” Raab continued: “We can make a decision, we have made a decision, the full detail of it will be set out. “The one point I will also make is that the EU has reflected the reality of those central and eastern European countries that are so close to Ukraine. “And the fact that the flow of refugees will inevitably end up in that direction because many of those will want to stay as close to home as possible with the view to go back to Ukraine as soon as possible afterwards.” DON'T MISSKate Garraway admits 'needing more support' to care for Derek [INSIGHT]GMB's Adil Ray savaged as he asks Ukrainians about friends' deaths [INTERVIEW]Former NATO commander issues warning over WW3 [VIDEO] GMB viewers were left divided by the interview as some defended the Deputy Prime Minister while others Justin Kelly tweeted: “Well done @adilray and @gmb, this situation is as ridiculous as it is disgusting- I can't believe that our country is offering such mealy mouthed excuses for their inactions.” Lorraine Hancock added: “The trick @DominicRaab is to answer a direct question with a direct answer and obviously the training you've had in how NOT to answer direct media questions helped! “You complained that Adil kept interrupting. You knew why he did, because you were fumbling and fudging as usual.” “Excellent lines of questioning. They get so angry when they’re presented with compassionate reasoning and when they’re asked to defend the lack of common sense. Why do TV rounds if you don’t want to be asked probing questions of policy,” Nick Whitcher remarked. But, Simon Green disagreed: “Asked yet usual style at GMB .. shout him down before he finishes .. why come on tv!” Beverley Brown commented: “Really disappointed in @AdilRay interviewing @DominicRaab today. Pointless attack to fill in time. A better line of questioning required when opportunities to interview exist. Felt he bullied rather than lead the interview to bring worthy news.” Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.