Almost 30 million Britons will pay the new 1.25 percent National Insurance health and social care levy from April 6. This will cost the average £30,000 earner an extra £225 a year, at the worst possible time as inflation rockets. There have been widespread calls for Prime Minister Boris Johnson to scrap the NI levy, which is designed to raise £12 billion a year to clear post-Covid NHS backlogs and funding social care costs. The hated tax hike will add to the inflationary whirlwind and put even greater pressure on ordinary people’s pockets. Yet Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak are ploughing on regardless and it seems set to come into force next month. However, with careful planning, you may be able to reduce your own exposure, top personal finance experts say. You could cut both your NI and income tax bill, and boost your retirement savings at the same time, says Adrian Lowery, personal finance expert at Isa and Sipp platform Bestinvest. Lowery says millions of employees might be able to drop a tax band by upping pension contributions. So instead of paying money to HM Revenue & Customs, you could direct it into your workplace savings pension plan instead. Lowery says: “At some companies the tax benefits could be even greater as they may allow employees to reduce salary or bonus payments in lieu of increased pension contributions.” This option is called “salary sacrifice” because employees agree to take a lower gross income, and in return their company pays the difference into a pension alongside their usual contributions. This benefits you and your boss, Lowery says. "Both employee and employer will pay lower National Insurance contributions as a result.” READ MORE: National Insurance: How much more you will pay as tax hike looms Saving in a pension is already tax efficient, because you get tax relief on your contributions, plus your money grows free of HMRC interference until the time comes to withdraw it to fund your retirement. Salary sacrifice makes pension saving even more beneficial, Lowery says. “In some cases, an employer might even pay some or all of your NI savings into your pension.” There is another advantage, says Louise Higham, chartered financial planner at Tilney, Smith & Williamson. “If you are close to the £50,271 earnings threshold where the higher 40 percent tax rate kicks in, you could dip under it by using salary sacrifice pension contributions so you don’t end up paying excessive tax.” Higham says “it sounds too good to turn down”, but warns this may not be right for everybody. “There are disadvantages to agreeing to a lower salary, such as affordability calculations when it comes to applying for a mortgage.” DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis explains how employees could reduce tax burden [EXPERT]Salary sacrifice pensions ‘more attractive' - but beware of 'drawbacks [INSIGHT]Drivers urged to make use of car tax schemes to save money on vehicles [ANALYSIS] Employee benefits such as life cover, and holiday, sickness and maternity pay could also be affected, she added. “Employers offering salary sacrifice should provide you with a personalised calculation of how it will affect your take-home pay and benefits, and maybe even boost their contribution to your pension,” Higham says. Salary sacrifice also applies to other company-funded benefits include perks such as workplace nurseries, cycle-to-work schemes and ultra-low emission vehicles, as well as the cost of pension advice. You still get the full value of your pay but instead of going into your bank account, it goes into benefits such as pension. Which is better than paying it into HMRC’s coffers.