Andrew, 62, reached an out-of-court settlement with Virginia Giuffre in February over the civil case she had brought against him in the US. Ms Giuffre claimed the Queen’s second son had sexually assaulted her three times 21 years ago when she was 17. The Duke of York’s accuser said she was trafficked to him by his former friend Jeffrey Epstein, the convicted sex offender, who took his own life in prison while awaiting trial for child sex trafficking charges just over two years ago. Andrew vigorously denies all the accusations against him and has also repeatedly claimed that he has no recollection of ever meeting Ms Giuffre. The financial settlement between the two parties was confirmed in a joint statement released last month. The exact sum of money paid out to Ms Giuffre was not disclosed but reports suggested the amount could be as much as £12million. The statement recognised the “bravery” of Ms Giuffre and other survivors and acknowledged she had been a victim of abuse. It also said: “Prince Andrew intends to make a substantial donation to Ms Giuffre’s charity in support of victims’ rights.” JUST IN: Prince Harry relieved as Duke of Sussex's 'second dad' returns home after cancer scare Daily Mirror royal editor Russell Myers claimed this development in Andrew’s case “took everyone by surprise”. The journalist was speaking last month on an episode of royal podcast ‘Pod Save The Queen’, hosted by Zoe Forsey, which was released the day after the settlement announcement. He said: “The front pages are full of this news today and it has absolutely taken everyone by surprise. “Because, just recently, Prince Andrew had filled in a questionnaire on how he was going to defend himself. “He made 41 points, essentially denying any culpability, denying all the allegations that were in front of him from his accuser Virginia Giuffre. “He essentially said that he was going to face her down in court. “Virginia Giuffre has always said that she wanted her day in court, she wanted to face down Prince Andrew as a man who belonged to a rich and powerful network.” In their settlement announcement last month both parties agreed to file a notice to discontinue the case. The move came after US Judge Lewis A Kaplan in January dismissed arguments by Andrew’s lawyers that the case should be thrown out. His lawyers had argued that Ms Giuffre had waived her right to sue the Duke because of a 2009 settlement agreement she signed with Epstein. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle's 4-word reply to stunned Prince Charles after offer to walk her down aisle [LATEST]Queen savagely mocked over dress in throwback picture: 'Like a Cadbury wrapper!' [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Do YOU think Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will have more children? [ANALYSIS]  Judge Kaplan ruled the case could proceed to trial, which had paved the way for Andrew to stand trial later this year. Ms Giuffre welcomed the ruling at the time in a statement on Twitter. She said: “I’m pleased with Judge Kaplan’s ruling yesterday that allows my case against Prince Andrew to go forward. “I’m glad I will have the chance to continue to expose the truth and I am deeply grateful to my extraordinary legal team.” Reacting to the ruling, Ms Giuffre’s lawyer David Boies appeared to suggest that she would want her day in court. He told BBC Newsnight: “A purely financial settlement is not anything that I think [she] is interested in.” To subscribe to ‘Pod Save The Queen’ go to your normal podcast provider.