Strictly Come Dancing fans were sad to hear long-time dancing star Aljaz Škorjanec would be leaving the BBC competition. This makes him the second star to announce their departure this year after Oti Mabuse announced her withdrawal in February. Following the news he has left the series, allegations emerged about his behaviour backstage. In 2021, the 32-year-old danced up a storm with Dragons' Den's Sara Davis, with the couple eventually being the seventh pair to be voted out of the show. Now, nine years after taking to the Strictly dance floor, the star has decided to step away from the show. When Aljaz first joined the show in 2013 he won the Glitterball Trophy alongside model Abbey Clancy. Following his exit, allegations emerged he had "verbally lashed out at various staff members behind the scenes". Read More: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith 'people will beat you'  An unknown source told The Sun: "Aljaz was seen by some as arrogant and pompous too – and it left a bad taste in some of the staff’s mouths. Not many people will miss him." A source had said: "He verbally lashed out at various staff members behind the scenes in what some thought was an unnecessarily aggressive manner." However, a representative for Aljaz slammed the claims and told Express.co.uk: "Aljaz has the utmost respect for everyone working on the show and it is untrue to say he acted in an aggressive manner at any time." Aljaz's exit comes after his wife Janette Manrara stepped down in 2021 and became host of spin-off show Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two.   Taking to Instagram to share the news of his Strictly exit with his 543,000 followers, Aljaz shared a collage of some of his dancing moments from the show and a heartfelt message. He said: "On a beautiful sunny day in May 2013 one phone call changed my life forever! "It went like this... we would like to offer you a position on @bbcstrictly as a professional dancer. "A dream became a reality, and it was the biggest opportunity for a 23 year old boy from Slovenia. DON’T MISS…Ruby Wax age: How old is Ruby Wax? [LATEST]'Keep my wife's name out of your f*****g mouth' Will Smith hits Chris Rock at Oscars 2022 [LATEST]Coleen Nolan sparks fury as Loose Women fans blast 'fat-shaming' Boris jibe 'Bit personal' [LATEST]   "It didn’t matter how many beautiful ballrooms I performed in during my competitive career, stepping onto the sacred Strictly floor was the most nervous I had ever been. "A little while ago I made the tough decision that Strictly 2021 would be my last." He went on to thank everyone who helped make his journey on the show what it was. The post has received thousands of comments, with fans grieving him leaving the show.    