Arsenal legend Ray Parlour has named three Premier League stars he would like to see his former side sign this summer. Arsenal are hoping to qualify for the Champions League this season in order to broaden their possibilities in the transfer market. A striker is likely to be high on the agenda, with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both out of contract at the end of the season. Parlour reckons there are two forwards in the Premier League Arsenal should look to sign. Ivan Toney has scored 11 goals so far in Brentford's first season back in the top flight. And Parlour reckons he would be worth Arsenal pursuing. Parlour told The Design Museum: "I’d love to see Arsenal take a gamble on Ivan Toney. I think he’s had a good young striker who has enjoyed a breakthrough season in the Premier League with Brentford. READ MORE: Calvert-Lewin sends message to Mikel Arteta as Arsenal hunt summer transfer  "I’d expect him to only get better as he moves towards his peak years and he’s also a nailed-on penalty taker which we don’t have now that [Pierre-Emerick] Aubameyang has left the club." Parlour also thinks Everton star Dominic Calvert-Lewin should be high on the list of targets for Mikel Arteta. Calvert-Lewin has struggled with injuries this season but Parlour says he is the right profile for the current Arsenal team. He added: "I’d also be interested in signing Dominic Calvert-Lewin from Everton because he would add a new dynamic to the forward players already at the club. "I think he would hold the ball up well and interchange passes with runners from midfield. He’d be a huge benefit to the likes of [Bukayo] Saka and [Emile] Smith-Rowe. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'very hot' on signing £63m-rated star who is Ralf Rangnick favourite [RUMOUR]Chelsea owner Abramovich linked with takeover at another club after Blues reign [REPORT]Gareth Southgate announces latest England squad as Marcus Rashford ruthlessly axed [NEWS]  "Ivan Toney and Dominic Calvert-Lewin are realistic targets who would improve the club this summer and I’m excited to see what happens." Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka is once again linked with a move away from the club. And Parlour says Youri Tielemans would be a top replacement for the Swiss. He said: "I really like Youri Tielemans at Leicester City. I think he’s a great young player and I expect he will be in big demand this summer, especially if he’s actively wanting to move elsewhere.  "He only has a year left on his contract and maybe Leicester City will want to cash in now rather than risk losing him on a free next year. There’s always questions about how long Xhaka will stay at Arsenal and I think Tielemans would be an excellent long-term replacement. "He’s great on the ball and he can pick a killer pass. Tielemans would be an amazing addition to practically any midfield in the Premier League." Ray Parlour was speaking to the Design Museum to celebrate the launch of its new exhibition, Football: Designing the Beautiful Game, on Friday 8th April. Tickets are available to purchase from today: designmuseum.org/designingfootball Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 