 Last week, Roscosmos, the Russian space agency, blocked the launch of a batch of OneWeb satellites in retaliation to the harsh sanctions imposed by the UK over Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Roscosmos was scheduled to launch a batch of 36 OneWeb satellites on Friday, March 4, on a Soyuz rocket from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.    Dmitry Rogozin, the head of Roscosmos, impounded the satellites and warned that OneWeb had two days to provide "comprehensive legally binding" guarantees that the satellites would not be used for military purposes. Speaking to Express.co.uk, David Morris, Conservative MP for Morecambe and Lunesdale, warned that those probes will likely have to be scrapped. He said: “There's an assumption that the kits being held in Russia have been written off, we can't be using that now. “We've got to get some more built and send them up a different way.    “The batteries are live now and they're draining out. “There's nothing we can do about it, so we're looking for new carriers now, so we can build some more and send them up.” According to Russian news agency TASS, Mr Rogozin added that the OneWeb contract had already been paid in full and Russia would not return those funds. He said: "We received all the money for it for the manufacture of launch vehicles, upper-stages and for the necessary launch services. READ MORE: OneWeb under threat as Russia issues ultimatum over satellite launch     "This money, due to force majeure circumstances that have arisen as a result of the aggressive policy of the West and the sanctions that are applied against Russia, this money will remain in Russia.” The UK’s OneWeb network, while currently carrying out different functions to Galileo, has been tipped to one day rival the EU’s network. It is a constellation of low-Earth orbit (LEO) satellites that beam signals in 3G, 5G, LTE and Wi-Fi for high-speed Internet access to all corners of the globe. Mr Morris, who is the Chairman of the Parliamentary Space Committee, added that OneWeb is currently looking for new partners who can launch their satellites. DON'T MISS: Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated [MAPPED] Xi Jinping on path to conflict with Putin as China could STARVE [INSIGHT] Chernobyl crisis: Lukashenko turns on Putin to secure nuclear plant [REVEAL]    He said: “OneWeb is looking at American carriers now, for obvious reasons.” Mr Morris hinted that the company is also considering space agencies in Japan and ESA in Europe. However, he added, those two options may prove difficult due to longer construction times and higher costs. Mr Morris continued: “One would assume OneWeb has been talking to all the American operators, whether that be NASA, Musk or even Bezos.” READ MORE: Putin outsmarted as UK refuses to sell Galileo alternative “That's what I've been told- they're trying to get operations up and running as quick as possible.” “It's just unfortunate what's going on.” Elon Musk’s SpaceX and Jeff Bezo’s Blue Origins are both rapidly expanding their space capabilities and the former already has a rival project to OneWeb in the form of Starlink. However, Mr Musk has already shown he is willing to help in the Ukraine crisis, bolstering the country's connectivity in the face of the Russian invasion. Earlier this week, SpaceX successfully launched the latest batch of Starlink internet satellites, carrying another 48 satellites to join the massive constellation that provides internet access around the world. Mr Musk may offer his services to further help the Ukrainian people stay connected.