Hormone replacement treatment (HT) medication is used to help women experiencing the symptoms of menopause. Usually, the average prescription cost per item for those living in England on the NHS is £9.35 but many people are on multiple medications which can cause costs to skyrocket. The UK Government has now confirmed a single annual prepayment of £18.70 for HRT prescriptions will be introduced in April 2023 through the NHS This means that women will be able to get a year’s supply of menopause medication for the cost of only two items, with the rest of the medication essentially being free prescriptions. Free prescriptions are available to residents in England on the NHS once they hit 60 or if they are in receipt of a medical exemption certificate. Through the Government’s latest prepayment scheme, women who are dealing with the impact of menopause will be able to receive further support. Originally, the prepayment scheme was first announced in October 2021 however the Government has confirmed that it will be officially launched later than expected. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Last week (March 16), Maria Caulfield MP gave evidence to the Women and Equalities Committee as part of their inquiry into menopause in the workplace. The Government’s pharmacy minister revealed that the scheme would likely not be ready for launch until “April next year”. Ms Caulfield said: “This is different to prepayment certificates that are in existence for other medications now. “And we have to do a consultation with the various bodies — the pharmacy bodies and Royal Colleges — around the practicalities of rolling this out.” DON'T MISS  Certificates will then “be logged with the pharmacist and instead of having to go back to the GP to get that prescription issued every month, the pharmacist would be able to automatically dispense it,” the MP explained. “In the meantime, because NICE (National Institute for Health and Care Excellence) guidelines allow GPs, after an initial three-month period of being on HRT, to issue 12 months’ worth of HRT which would just involve one payment — that can happen now.” Despite this clarification, the Government minister’s confirmation was met with criticism from those most actively involved with advocating for HRT prescription legislation. After Ms Caulfield’s appearance on the Committee, Carolyn Harris, the Labour MP for Swansea East, voiced her “disappointment” in a public letter with the timeframe. Specifically, she shared how many women have gone to their GPs for HRT prescriptions but have “struggled” due to medical professionals not being “sufficiently aware” of NICE guidelines. Ms Harris said: “Whilst I always understood that the changes required would take some time, I was led to believe by the Department that implementation would happen in a matter of months. “This is the message that I have shared with the many women who have written to me since October asking for clarification, frustrated by the delay and the continued need for them to pay for their prescriptions to be fulfilled every month.” She added: “There is also the issue of supply, with stocks of HRT products already low at the present time, an issue that will only be made worse if women are trying to obtain 12 months’ worth of medication at one time.” Last year, the Labour MP introduced the Menopause (Support and Services) Bill to Parliament in a bid to make HRT prescriptions free for all women who need it. However, this bill was later withdrawn after the Government’s announcement of the new HRT payment scheme in October 2021.