Fiona Beal, 48, appeared in front of two magistrates on Monday accused of killing Nicholas Billingham between October 30 and November 10 last year. The defendant spoke only to confirm her age and to give her address as a house on Moore Street in Kingsley, Northampton, where the body was found. The primary school teacher was arrested at a hotel in Cumbria shortly after midnight on Wednesday after Northamptonshire Police launched a homicide investigation. The force had began conducting an extensive search of her home that same day. Forensics officers and specialist search teams, including a cadaver dog, were deployed to the address before the grim discovery was made on Saturday. Police said the remains were expected be taken to Leicester to be forensically examined by a Home Office pathologist. The force described the body as someone they believed to be a missing man. On Sunday, two police officers guarded the door of the property, with a forensics team going in and out of the house. Detective Chief Inspector Adam Pendlebury, from the major crime team of the East Midlands Special Operations Unit, said: "Regrettably, I can confirm that a body has been found in the rear garden of the address. READ MORE: Police swoop on London street after woman, 19, found dead "We believe it to be that of a missing 42-year-old male, but formal identification has yet to take place. "Police officers have been conducting house-to-house inquiries in the area over the past couple of days. "This remains a complex and challenging investigation and we are appealing for anyone with any information to contact Northamptonshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 26 of March 16, 2022." DON'T MISSUrgent search for man, 22, after murder of woman, 19, at student hallsPolice appeal for woman in white van after girl, 6, sexually assaultedRichmond stabbing: Man, 31, dead and two wounded in horrific incident Beal was accompanied by a lone female dock officer during a hearing at Northampton Magistrates' Court, which lasted just two minutes. The defendant was told she was not entitled to apply for bail at the magistrates' court. She was ordered to appear at the town's crown court on Tuesday. Beal, who was wearing a grey round-necked sweatshirt, was remanded into custody.