Mikel Arteta has asked Arsenal owner Stan Kroenke to fund three new high-profile signings in the summer transfer window, according to reports. The Gunners were the Premier League's biggest spenders during pre-season and look set to use their financial power once again to land a new wave of talent when the bidding re-opens at the end of the campaign. Arsenal endured a torrid time of things in the January window after failing to land the likes of Dusan Vlahovic and Arthur Melo in spite of their best efforts. They also let go of a number of players, including Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Calum Chambers, to arguably leave their squad in a weaker position than it was at the end of December.They have since been tipped to spend heavily in the summer in order to freshen up their ranks before the start of next season. A handful of stars have been linked with the Gunners in recent months and it seems as though Arteta has wasted no time in drawing up his plan of attack for the upcoming transfer window.He flew out to the United States in January to hold face-to-face talks with Kroenke, during which a range of important topics were discussed in detail. Arteta made no secret of his desire to land a minimum of three new players in order to improve the strength of their squad ahead of next season, according to football.london. JUST IN: Barcelona hoping Chelsea make 'gesture' to help seal Azpilicueta move It is said that discussions were mostly centred around the transfer market and early plans were drawn up with a view to the summer, although the report does not name any specific targets. It seems likely that Arsenal will try and sign a first-choice striker as a matter of priority, though, with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah set to become free agents at the end of the season as things stand.The situation could leave Folarin Balogun as the club's only recognised marksman at the start of next season unless at least one new centre-forward can be snapped up between now and then. A number of potential attacking targets have been linked with the Gunners as of late, including the likes of Real Sociedad talisman Alexander Isak and Jonathan David of Lille.Arsenal have also been tipped to land a new central midfielder in order to improve on their current array of options in the engine room when the summer window opens. Former England striker Kevin Phillips recently urged Arteta to pursue the addition of James Ward-Prowse from Southampton, who is often hailed for his consistently good performances and fearsome ability to make things happen from dead-ball situations. "Technically he is a very, very good player and he’s a dead-ball specialist," Phillips told Football Insider. "He’s the sort of player Arteta would love in his squad I imagine. Could they get him out of Southampton? That’s the question."He just signed a new deal and I think he’s happy there. It would be a big test if Arsenal came knocking though, he could be persuaded to join. He’d compliment [Thomas] Partey well and let’s be honest, there’s not many better set-piece takers than him in the world." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here