More than two million Premium Bond prizes worth a combined £74million remain unclaimed. Government backed savings provider NS&I says there’s never been a better time to check. Every month millions of Britons look forward to the NS&I Premium Bond lottery to see if they are one of two new millionaires. While not everyone is lucky enough to win a million, thousands of other people win prizes of £25 and up. Rather than just check the latest results, anyone who has bought premium bonds since they were first launched in the 1950s should check all their bonds. Two million Britons could be owed money as £74million hasn't been claimed since they were first launched. READ MORE: Council tax refunds: Thousands could be in the wrong council tax band There are five people in the UK who could be £100,000 richer and nine others sitting on winnings of £50,000. That’s according to latest figures from National Savings and Investments (NS&I). In London and the South East there are 700,000 unclaimed prizes. Meanwhile, in Scotland there are more than 120,000 winners who still haven’t come forward to collect their winnings. DON'T MISS:State pensioners could be eligible for extra £358 a month [UPDATE]‘It’s a joke!’ State pensioners demand reversal of triple lock freeze [INSIGHT]PIP claimants urged to claim 10 freebies that could save thousands [ALERT] Anyone who has bought Premium Bonds in the past should check the NS&I website. People could be owed cash anywhere between £25 and £100,000. Some of the unclaimed prizes date back to when the scheme first started in 1957. Winners are usually notified when they’ve won unless they’ve moved house and forgotten to update their address details. Previous prize results hint that people are more likely to win if they live in the South West. Six people from the region won the £1million jackpot last year. In 2021, the South West scooped up a quarter (25percent) of the £1million jackpots. That’s despite the fact that they owned just 12.9percent of all Premium Bonds to start with. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, some people believe that bonds bought closer to the draw are more likely to win. However, this theory has been dismissed by NS&I. It states that each bond has an equal chance of winning - no matter when, or where, it was bought. The winners are drawn every month with the next one due at the beginning of April.