Dutch Shepherd Eric was rescued alongside his mum and seven siblings from terrible conditions in the West Midlands in October 2019 and taken into the care of the RSPCA's Birmingham Animal Centre. Since then, he has seen all of his family go off to loving new homes but he is still waiting almost two and a half years later. Poor Eric has missed out on lots of experiences while he has been stuck in kennels and is looking for an adopter who can help him "slowly navigate the world". Kelly Legg, from the RSPCA branch, said: “Eric has spent almost his entire life in our care and all he knows is life here with us. "He was part of an investigation and case, but was eventually signed over for rehoming in January 2021. “Because he’s been with us for so long, he has missed out on a lot of ‘real life’ and because of that we’ve really struggled to find the right match for him. "He needs a very specific home with owners who are experienced with his breed type and the sort of lifestyle he needs, and can also help him really carefully and slowly navigate the world. “He really is the most loving, affectionate and loyal lad once he gets to know you. "He’s extremely clever and needs to have his brain challenged, but he needs time to adjust to new people and build up a bond with them too.” Eric's new owners will need to make multiple visits to get to know him before taking him home as he can become anxious with unfamiliar people and unpredictable situations. READ MORE: Deaf dog left to die in empty building desperate for forever home Ms Legg said: “Everything about life in a new home will be new and overwhelming to Eric and we really need to find people who understand this and can hold his paw and guide him very slowly and positively through all of these new and scary experiences." Eric is looking for a quiet home with no children and no other pets where he has plenty of his own space. He is muzzle trained and new adopters are advised to use him muzzle when walking in public. Eric is very clever and would like new owners who can teach him new tricks. DON'T MISSRescue dog who was 'terrified of everything' struggling to find homeHeartbreak as rescue dog has no applications due to facial scarsHuge rise in reports of dogs with 'barbaric' mutilation Ms Legg added: “We’ve seen Eric grow in front of us and we all absolutely adore him. "He’s a cheeky, excitable, energetic youngster who loves to be tucked into his bed at the end of the day. "He’s very bright and busy so he’d love a home where he can take on training and keep his brain occupied." Find out more about Eric here.