Many pensioners will be reliant on the state pension, but they could receive more help. Some will be eligible for a payment known as Attendance Allowance, helpful for those living with a condition or disability. One person who benefitted in this way was Tony Mansfield, who shared his story with Age UK. He explained: “It all started 32 years ago. I was working the theatre, and I was up 32 feet and I fell. Unfortunately, I’d broken two of my vertebrae. “You talk amongst your friends and they say ‘Why don’t you go to Age UK and sort things out?’. “When this assessor came round, she told me that she thought I was entitled to Attendance Allowance.” READ MORE: State pension payment dates to change next month While the assessor said she was not sure whether Mr Mansfield could get the higher or lower payment, it was worth investigating. He continued: “To be honest, I didn’t expect anything, or perhaps the lowest. “But I got the highest amount, and it’s a big help when you’re old. “But it’s also a help for Maria, who had to do everything like help me out of bed. DON'T MISSPension warning as Britons miss ‘small’ detail [ANALYSIS]‘How is it fair?’ Fury as Scotland and Wales get free prescriptions [LATEST]State pensioners could get five key income top-ups [INSIGHT] “It’s given her a better life, and it’s given me a better life too.” Mrs Mansfield specifically credited Age UK for helping her husband claim the support he needed. Indeed, Attendance Allowance could provide significant assistance to many older people. A person will be eligible if they have a physical or mental disability, or both. Their condition must be severe enough that they need help caring for themselves, or some form of supervision. Britons must have needed that help for at least six months to qualify. Individuals will need to be in Great Britain when they make a claim, and have been so for at least two of the last three years. Attendance Allowance is paid at two different rates, and what a person gets depends on the level of care they need. The lower rate is £60 weekly for those who need “frequent help or constant supervision during the day, or supervision at night”. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Those who need help or supervision throughout both day and night can get the higher rate - currently £89.60 per week. Only certain individuals will need to attend an assessment to check their eligibility. This is usually the case if it is unclear how someone’s illness or disability impacts them. To apply, Britons can use the Attendance Allowance claim form, and send it off freepost to the DWP. Attendance Allowance can usually be backdated to the date someone claims. The Government explains: “This is usually the date your form is received or the date you call the enquiry line (if you then return the claim pack within six weeks).”