Knowing when to repot a peace lily is important. If the houseplant is rootbound, it’s definitely time for repotting. For example, gardeners may notice roots growing through the drainage hole or emerging on the surface of the soil. The easiest way to tell if a peace lily is rootbound is to slide the plant carefully from the pot to clearly see the roots. Gardening experts at Gardening Know How have shared easy ways to tell when peace lilies need repotting. They explained how the houseplant gives off ‘clear signals’ when it is the perfect time to repot them. The experts said: “A peace lily is happy when its roots are a little on the crowded side, but your plant will give you clear signals when it needs a little more space. “A severely rootbound plant is unable to absorb water because the roots are so tightly packed. “The plant will wilt because even though you may water generously, liquid simply runs through the drainage hole. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share how not to wash towels - ‘they’ll go nasty’ “If your peace lily is severely rootbound, it’s best to repot as soon as possible. “If your plant can wait a little longer, spring is the ideal time for repotting a peace lily.” According to the experts, it is essential to repot peace lilies in a “slightly” larger pot, if it is too big it can lead to root rot. The gardening experts said: “Select a slightly larger pot with a diameter only one or two inches more than the current container. DON'T MISS: Mrs Hinch fan shares £1 trick to remove bathroom radiator rust [COMMENT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to remove toilet bowl stains [TIPS]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean floor tile grout [INSIGHT] “Avoid planting in a larger container, as the moisture retained in the excess potting soil may cause the roots to rot.” Before moving the plant to another pot, cover any drainage hole with a coffee filter or a small piece of mesh to keep potting mix from washing through the hole. Prior to repotting, ensure the peace lily has been watered to avoid the roots drying out. Gardeners should place fresh potting mix in the container and use just enough so that once repotted, the top of the plant’s root ball will be about half to one inch below the rim of the container. The experts said: “The goal is for the plant to sit at the same level it was situated in the old pot. “Burying the plant too deeply may cause the plant to rot.” After, slide the peace lily carefully from its current pot by teasing the root ball “gently” to release the compacted roots. Place the peace lily in the new container and fill in around the root ball with potting mix, then firm the mix gently. Once potted, water lightly to settle the soil and then add a little more potting soil, if needed. Again, it’s important to situate the plant at the same level it was planted in its old pot. The plant should be kept in a shady area for a couple of days. The gardening experts noted: “Don’t worry if the plant looks a little bedraggled for the first few days. “Slight wilting often occurs when repotting peace lily houseplants.”