University of York chef Claudia was 35 when she vanished from her home in Hemsworth, North Yorkshire, on March 18, 2009. Initially her disappearance was treated as a missing person case but police later changed that to a murder investigation. Claudia's mother, Joan, says that "everything needs examining again". She feels it is up to her to keep fighting for answers after Claudia's father, Peter, died aged 74 in February last year. Last August, North Yorkshire Police searched a fishing lake at Sand Hutton gravel pits. Mrs Laurence, 78, from Malton, said: "I feel it's now all down to me to keep Claudia's name in the public eye. Although Peter and I weren't particularly close, his death has had an impact. "It can feel quite frightening and it wears me down at times. It's been such a long time since Claudia went missing. It's awful not knowing." Mrs Lawrence believes the answers lie in the week leading up to Claudia's disappearance and the first 72 hours afterwards. She said: "I feel there is something obvious we are all missing. "Everything needs examining again, from her house to searches on her street. "I want police to look at the week before Claudia vanished and talk to people who saw her, or question those living nearby, pub regulars and people in B&Bs. "I wonder if the foundations being laid for a new university building were properly looked at." The weekend Claudia disappeared Mrs Lawrence with her eldest daughter Ali celebrating Mother's Day. Joan said: "I will spend the day with them again this year and we will do something special but Claudia will constantly be in my thoughts. I try to be strong for Ali and my grandsons, but there is a gaping hole in my heart. "My biggest wish is Claudia will be with us, but I realise with each day it is more and more unlikely." North Yorkshire Police said they remain "committed to establishing the truth" about what happened to Claudia. The force added: "Despite two separate inquiries, and a comprehensive review, involving hundreds of police personnel and national experts, no trace has ever been found." Detective Superintendent Wayne Fox, who is leading the inquiry, said: "We have continued to receive information about Claudia. "All of this has been evaluated and, when potentially viable, we have pursued specific lines of enquiry – as we did at Sand Hutton. "Every new piece of information or material is thoroughly assessed. I firmly believe the public has a vital part to play. "Given the sheer amount of material acquired, and the number of inquiry lines pursued, it may be what could appear to be insignificant could actually be the key to resolving this inquiry."  