Paramedics treated two teenage boys for trauma care after they sustained potentially life-threatening injuries, West Midlands Ambulance Service said. It was alerted to the stabbing in Corporation Street at 2.36pm on Thursday. A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokeswoman said: "Crews arrived on scene to find a teenage boy who had sustained serious injuries. A second teenage boy was located nearby with serious injuries. "The team of ambulance staff worked to administer trauma care to the teenagers on scene to stabilise their conditions. Both teenage boys were conveyed by land ambulance on blue lights to hospital for further emergency care." Two ambulances, three paramedic officers, HART paramedics, the Midlands Air Ambulance from Cosford with a doctor and paramedic on board, a critical care paramedic and a West Midlands CARE team doctor have been at the scene.   A number of youngsters arrested after the boys were stabbed will be questioned by officers on suspicion of attempted murder. West Midlands Police confirmed there were two scenes, one at a fast food restaurant in Corporation Street and another in Priory Queensway. The victims have been taken to hospital with serious injuries. Emergency Section 60 stop and search powers have been triggered as a result of the double stabbing.  READ MORE ABOUT FIGHTER JETS FORCED TO LAND IN NORFOLK  In a statement on the force's website, West Midlands Police said: "We remain concerned that young people are coming into the city with knives and that tensions could lead to other people getting hurt. "Our priority is to protect and keep people safe." Anyone with information should contact West Midlands Police via Live Chat on its website or by calling 101. People can also call Crimestoppers without having to give their name on 0800 555 111 quoting log 2485 of 10/3.  DON'T MISS: Have your say: Should Britain open door to ALL Ukrainians fleeing war? [POLL] Royal Family LIVE: Kate will 'hide feelings' but won't forget [LATEST] Putin goes dirty as weapon that can vaporise bodies used in Ukraine [REVEALED]  Witnesses reported seeing firearm officers at the scene though this has not been confirmed. Transport for West Midlands tweeted: "There is disruption in the city centre due to a @WMPolice closure around Priory Queensway and Old Square." It added that buses are on diversion. All approach roads were closed. 