Grout is a part of all properties that seems to get dirty very often. This is usually because dirty water has seeped into the exterior of the grout all the time. Grout is porous, meaning it has small holes which can build up with grime over time. This porous nature of the grout makes it highly susceptible to mould. Now, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared a handy hack for cleaning floor tile grout. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning expert with over 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Fans of hers have created their own groups on social media dedicated to sharing cleaning tips and advice. Posting on Mrs Hinch cleaning tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to to transform her “filthy grout” back to its original colour. READ MORE: When to cut grass after winter: Exact date you should start mowing Sarah Duggan wrote: “This is our 10 year old stone floor. Any tips on how we turn our filthy (previously cream) grout back to its original colour?” The less frequently floor tile grout is cleaned, the more likely it is mould will build up. It is better to do little and often when it comes to grout. Mrs Hinch fans were quick to respond to the post to offer their top tips when it comes to cleaning floor tile grout. DON'T MISS:Lawn care: The mowing trick to ‘always' use when cutting grass [EXPERT]How to clean your patio with two kitchen items [TIPS]Bedroom interior design trends to avoid - ‘can set a bad tone’ [INSIGHT] The majority of group members suggested using Pink Stuff paste. Claire Nelson said: “Try Pink Stuff paste first. I’ve seen another post use it and had amazing results.” Laura Thompson commented: “Just used Pink Stuff on my tile grout and it came up really well.” Susan Smith advised: “Use Pink Stuff paste for tile grout with an old toothbrush. I did mine pre-Christmas and it looks like new.” Gabrielle Nancy suggested: “Pink Stuff paste for the grout, it will be time consuming, but 100 percent worth it.” Kate Williams said: “Pink Stuff paste is essential for me to clean my tile grout and it’s so cheap.” Melanie Lodge explained: “I used Pink Stuff paste. Left for 20 minutes and then scrubbed and rinsed. It gave me instant results.” Nadine Jones added: “Pink Stuff paste will bring that up a treat.” Pink Stuff paste is a multi-purpose cleaner which is great for removing stains on areas such as kitchen and bathroom tile grout. It can be picked up from ASDA for as little as £1. Some Mrs Hinch fan warned against using bleach to clean floor tile grout. Tommie Evans said: “I would not use bleach at all for the risk of ruining the natural stone.” Maria Russell added: “Avoid using bleach because I used it on my tile grout and it completely ruined my tiles.”