Bridgerton's second outing is due to arrive on Netflix on March 25 and it introduces a whole host of new faces. The Sharmas arrive from India for the new social season, with Simone Ashley as Kate and Charithra Chandran as her younger sister Edwina. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how old Chandran is in real life. Charithra Chandran is a British actress who has previously starred in Alex Rider. She is relatively new to the acting world, with the aforementioned sci-fi series being her first project. She has starred in a number of short films but will be thrown into the spotlight in this year's season of Bridgerton. Chandran plays Edwina, who is excited to find love with the help of her older sister, Kate. In the series, Kate is 26 years old and Edwina would be 17 or 18. READ MORE: Bridgerton's Eloise may not get her own series However, in real life, Chandran is 25 and she celebrates her birthday on January 17, 1997. With this in mind, she plays a character almost 10 years younger in the historical drama. The British Indian actress has been performing from a young age, starting out in productions of West End musicals. Whilst studying at Oxford University, she participated in many theatre and film productions. The star is a member of the National Youth Theatre. Chandran is on Instagram and she has been sharing plenty of behind the scenes insight ahead of the next series of Bridgerton. Sharing some photos of herself as Edwina and sister Kate, she said: "Ready to shake up the ton." Fans may be interested to hear the star is only a year younger than her co-star Simone Ashley. Ashley is 26 and celebrates her birthday on March 30, 1995. Despite the small age gap in real life, the many years between the Sharma siblings are apparent in the series. DON'T MISS...Bridgerton's Jonathan Bailey details wardrobe malfunction 'I screamed' [INTERVIEW] Simone Ashley partner: Is the Bridgerton Kate Sharma star married? [EXPLAINER] Bridgerton season 2: Simone Ashley recalls co-star ‘passed out’ [INSIGHT] Kate takes on a maternal role when it comes to looking out for her half-sister. Still single herself, Kate only cares about making sure her younger sibling is set for a prosperous future. Chandran, whose parents are Indian, opened up about how the cultural references in the second season felt like a collision of both of her worlds. Referring to the Bollywood music in the show, told Guardian Series: "You know, I think when you’re growing up as immigrants’ children it’s so hard to figure out your identity and you sometimes you don’t know where you belong.  “And those are one of those defining moments where you go ‘okay, I get it now’. “I can be both and I can do both.” The star spends a lot of time with Jonathan Bailey who plays Anthony Bridgerton in the drama. The actor is 33 years old, around eight years ahead of his on-screen partners. Fans will have to wait and see how the love triangle develops.  Bridgerton season 2 airs on Netflix on March 25.