Luis Diaz has been a breath of fresh air for Liverpool since arriving in January, even with the attacking talent that they already have, and the Colombian has been hailed for adding strength to Jurgen Klopp's side. Liverpool's decision to sign Luis Diaz in January may have come as a surprise to many, but it couldn't have gone much better for Jurgen Klopp. The Colombian has already won his first trophy at Liverpool after a glamorous performance in the Carabao Cup final against Chelsea, and Diaz continues to blow fans away with his fancy footwork. Liverpool are now in hot pursuit of Manchester City at the top of the Premier League, and former star Graeme Souness has hailed his impact since arriving at Anfield. Diaz has already got off the mark after he scored his first goal against Norwich, and it appears as though there is plenty more to come from the Colombian. Following Souness' raving review of Diaz, Express SPORT takes a look at four ways Liverpool have been strengthened since his arrival. TOP STORY: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel hits out at fans for Roman Abramovich chants in Burnley win   Not that Liverpool weren't already at their best, but Diaz has brought something extra since arriving from Porto, and there is a sense of anticipation in the crowd whenever he gets on the ball. Whenever it arrives at his feet, it feels like something special may happen, and after the impact that Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah brought to the club, there is an added excitement. Souness thinks that he is perfect for the fans, and that the supporters and everyone at the club has been given a lift by his arrival. The former Liverpool star said: "He’ll of given everyone a lift. He’s a player that if you’re a supporter he gets you on the edge of your seat. He’s direct, he’s quick, he’s aggressive." DON'T MISSLiverpool have £50m transfer problem as Jurgen Klopp begins summer planning [TRANSFERS]Arsenal may have next Pires and Ljungberg and now just need to find their new Henry [OPINION]Man Utd ‘have Ralf Rangnick consultancy doubts’ as Erik ten Hag advantage emerges [REPORT]  Fans love players that drive forward with the ball and make things happen, and that's exactly what Diaz does as he weaves in and out of challenges with pace. He's not afraid to get stuck in either, and he won the ball back on countless occasions against Chelsea at Wembley, lifting the crowd with defensive duties as well as attack. Diaz looks like the perfect player for Klopp's style, and despite only being at Liverpool for just over a month, he is already a huge hit with the fans. Souness added: "He does that thing which crowds love; he loses the ball, sprints back and puts a tackle in to win it back. He goes past people for fun. He’s quick, he’s direct. There’s a lot to like about him and this system will suit him perfectly."  Liverpool have one of the best attacks in the world, with Salah and Mane producing the goods out wide, and Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino interchanging centrally. But they are now even more dangerous with the addition of Diaz, and it's another attacking player that will leave defenders on edge, as Liverpool have so many stars that can produce a bit of magic in front of goal. It also allows for more rotation, meaning that their attackers can be even fitter during crucial games, and that extra ounce of energy can be the difference. Souness said: "He’s just another absolute threat that Liverpool have. Defenders don’t like to play against people who can go past you with either pace or drop of the shoulder and it looks like he’s got both. Super dangerous. A real asset to Liverpool."  Liverpool have an extremely tight dressing room and their togetherness is one of the biggest assets under Klopp. Even fringe players such as Takumi Minamino are extremely popular, and even when Klopp made ten changes in the FA Cup, every player brought in gave 110 per cent. Diaz adds another layer to that, and the Colombian has already shown that he is a vibrant character, which can only improve things behind the scenes even more. Souness said: "They’ve got a really strong squad, they made an addition in Diaz who would light up the dressing room again and they’re in a great place right now." 