The news comes as Ms Sturgeon is facing criticism over the timing of calls to declare a second referendum. With global attention focused on more pressing issues as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine intensifies, questions are being asked as to whether Ms Sturgeon can face her supporters with the bad news.  Ahead of an appearance at the Scottish Labour Party conference this weekend, Shadow Health Secretary Wes Streeting criticised the SNP leader. He said: “Nicola Sturgeon, as someone who’s championed the cause of Scottish independence all her life, she knows in her heart having an independence referendum now would be highly irresponsible, given everything else that’s going on in our country and in peoples’ lives. “But she doesn’t have the courage to tell her activists. She fears they will flock to Salmond’s outfit or another separatist movement. “She’s worried about the fracturing of the nationalist cause and she’s putting the ideological focus on independence ahead of the needs of the people of Scotland.”  Mr Streeting also insisted he would arrive in Scotland as the bearer of the “good news” that there is the prospect of a Labour government under Sir Keir Starmer. With the Labour Party currently surging ahead in polls following a disastrous spell for Boris Johnson following the 'partygate' scandal, Mr Streeting, speaking to the Daily Record, said: “I have not felt more confident about Labour’s ability to win a general election than at any point since we lost power.” “There’s a positive case to make to Scottish voters from a UK Labour perspective, which is we can get rid of the Tories in Westminster in the next general election. “Boris Johnson is now damaged goods, nobody can trust a word he says, he’s lied repeatedly not just to parliament but to the country. “It’s our responsibility to set out a clear alternative to the Tories in Westminster.”  READ MORE:Sturgeon humiliated as hundreds of Scottish prisoners wrongly released Recent polls in Scotland have suggested a second referendum would deliver close results. According to Savanta ComRes, the latest research puts the numbers at 51 percent for "No" and 49 percent for "Yes", within the margin of error. However, the polling for The Economist also concludes only a third of Scots back holding Indyref2 in the next two years. Pamela Nash, chief executive of pro-UK campaign group Scotland in Union, said: “With the long-term impact of Covid and a cost-of-living crisis is leading to higher energy bills and food prices, only a government completely out-of-touch with the people of Scotland would prioritise another referendum. “The very last thing Scotland needs is more division and economic uncertainty. “As part of the UK, we can invest more in our public services and use the strength of the UK economy to address the cost-of-living crisis and bring communities together, not tear them apart.”  DON'T MISS:EU mocked over reversing Brexit threat as Truss heads to Brussel [REPORT]British military vehicles in Estonia storm to Russia border [REVEAL]Russian rocket shrapnel lands in Zelensky's garden [INSIGHT] However, this is countered by SNP member Rona Mackay who said: “People have already decided they want an independence referendum after giving the SNP Government a cast-iron democratic mandate for one. “The SNP won the Holyrood election with a record share of the vote, and a record number of pro-independence MSPs were elected.” Ms Sturgeon has pledged to do “everything within my power” to give Scotland a vote on its future in 2023.  Denying the timing of Scottish independence was wrong, in particular in light of the ongoing war in Ukraine, Ms Sturgeon said: “What I think should unite all of us right now are some fundamental values, the values that underpin I think much of our democracy in Scotland – and certainly underpin my party and the independence movement. “The commitment to democracy, freedom, the rule of international law and the value of the world coming together in solidarity. “These are the values we hold dear and these are the values people bravely in Ukraine are standing up for in the toughest imaginable circumstances. “But we should all remember right now this is about Ukraine fighting for these values and our responsibility is to do everything we can to support them.” 