Some celebrities attended Elton John AIDS Foundation’s 30th Annual Academy Awards viewing party before the Oscars ceremony started, while others are only just arriving after the show, having watched the ceremony live at the Dolby Theatre. Elton John’s party is an opportunity for stars to wear their best outfits, but as it is a little more relaxed than the Oscars ceremony itself, so are the clothes. Many guests turned up wearing fun, revealing dresses – ready to let their hair down and dance the night away. Some celebrities donned all-black outfits, looking chic and elegant. Billy Porter wore a long black silk coat with pointed, Dracula-like shoulders and a plunging V-neckline. READ MORE: Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts He paired this with silver jewellery, including a bracelet in the shape of a snake. American fashion designer Dorit Kemsley’s look also featured snakes, as she wore a black cotton dress with long sleeves, a thigh slit, and a gold snake jewel, which was pinned to the dress’ bodice. Pretty Little Liars actress Lucy Hale looked stunning in a shimmering bronze-coloured dress that had tassels dangling from one shoulder. She paired this with nude heels and minimal jewellery. DON'T MISS:Piers Morgan slams ‘woke brigade’ claims he 'fancies' Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson stays loyal to Chelsea amid Roman Abramovich sanctions [INTERVIEW]Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' [PICTURES] Lady Gaga made a statement as she arrived Elton John’s party, wearing an extravagant dress by Rodarte and Tiffany and Co. jewels. The dress was white, strapless, and had a flowing tulle skirt. Her necklace and earrings were silver and covered with diamonds, and the singer’s blonde slicked back hair and red lipstick made her look like a Hollywood Golden Age actress. Another look which stood out was Demi Lovato’s, who attended the after party in a tight, high neck black dress by Balenciaga, with matching gloves. The singer’s eye make-up was dark and she completed the look with two silver sparkling rings. Actress Lea Michele attended Elton John’s party in a beautiful green dress with a square-shaped neckline and long skirt featuring a slit. Like many celebrities tonight, Lea wore silver jewellery covered in diamonds. She matched her jewels with shiny silver heels. Other celebrities to make a fashion statement at the party included Zoeey Deschanel, who attended wearing a red gown with a matching necklace and earrings featuring leaf motifs. Heidi Klim was another to turn heads in a short sequined dress with a huge fluffy, feathered wing-like sleeves. She paired the dress with heels adorned with diamantés. Another party taking place tonight is the Vanity Fair after party, attended by the likes of Joan Collins, Natalie Portman, Emily Ratajkowski, and more.