Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp agrees with the decision from the British government to hand down sanctions on Roman Abramovich, but admits that he "feels" for those associated with Chelsea Football Club. Chelsea were rocked by news on Thursday that Abramovich had been sanctioned by the UK Government.  The Russian oligarch had his UK assets frozen due to his reported links with Vladimir Putin. The news comes after Abramovich sensationally put Chelsea up for sale last week, but the new sanctions could stop any deal from happening. Chelsea are now unable to sell any match tickets while the club shop has also been closed down indefinitely. The Blues have been granted a special licence to continue operating to fulfil its fixtures, but there are now incredible reports that Chelsea could even go bust if Abramovich fails to sell the club before May 31. JUST IN: Liverpool: Benzema and Lewandowski send Mohamed Salah message to FSG   Meanwhile, Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel was still preparing his team as normal for Thursday night's game against Norwich. And while the German tried to remain positive when he was first asked to give his thoughts on the sanctions placed, Tuchel did suggest there is an air of uncertainty around the club. Rival managers have been asked to give their opinions on the matter with Antonio Conte saying he "hopes for the best" outcome. Now Klopp has spoken out on Chelsea's sanctions, insisting he agrees with the approach from the UK Government. DON'T MISS  And the Anfield icon went on to condemn Russia president Putin as the sole reason Chelsea are facing these consequences. "Thomas and I, we know each other, but we are not that close that we chat," Klopp said. "I feel for him and the players and all the employees at Chelsea because it's nothing they are responsible for but what happens around. "One man is responsible for that and it's Vladimir Putin in the first place and I don't know about Roman Abramovich's role in all these kind of things but over the years you could guess that he's pretty close and I think what the British government did is right to be 100 per cent honest. "But it is still not cool for the people at Chelsea and the supporters. I get that." Chelsea put the off-field issues to one side on Thursday evening as they beat Norwich 3-1. The fourth consecutive league win helps them move further away from those chasing a top-four finish. But Tuchel's side remain seven points adrift of Liverpool with the Blues now unlikely to revive their title challenge. 