Jackson Lamb (played by Gary Oldman) heads up a team of British intelligence agents who serve in the dumping ground department of MI5, Slough House, due to their career-ending mistakes. The six-parter is scheduled to premiere on Apple TV next month, which will see Gary leading its stellar cast. Speaking about his role, the actor revealed how the streaming service had “diluted” a lot of the show’s content over fears it could offend viewers. 11 years after his Oscar-nominated performance as John le Carré’s cerebral gentleman spy George Smiley in Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, the 64-year-old actor will be reprising his role as an undercover agent but this time, his character will be crasser and “less disciplined”. Based on the novel of the same name by Mick Herron,  David Cartwright (Jonathan Pryce) and his fellow employees must endure dull, paper-pushing tasks and their miserable boss, who expects the agents to quit out of boredom. Life in Slough seems pretty dull until the team are embroiled in a dangerous gambit by Regent's Park, the main British Intelligence HQ. Speaking about changes from the novel to the series, Oldman detailed how some  of Jackson’s more spectacularly sexist, sexual, geographical or otherwise disparaging insults about his staff or rivals at Regent’s Park have been cut. READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? He explained to Radio Times: “There are a few things we’ve diluted. “I think that comes down to Apple policy, which is above my pay grade. “I think there are certain things you can say in a novel that we don’t necessarily feel comfortable saying on television.” “We’ve had to censor a bit, but it’s very small stuff."  Directed by James Hawes and written by Will Smith, the crime drama is set to premiere globally on April 1. Despite taking on the plump figure who doesn’t care much about appearances, Oldman didn’t need to put weight on for the role, unlike his part in The Darkest Hour. He said: “There wasn’t time to put on more than a few pounds." The TV star also rejected a padded bodysuit and wanted to keep his own hair, saying: “Darkest Hour was a single shot. But I felt with this, if we are lucky enough that it becomes a long-running series, I thought five years of padding and a wig would make me want to throw myself off somewhere high."  Filming began on November 2020 and continued into February 2021. In July 2021, filming continued in Stroud, Gloucestershire. The first trailer for Slow Horses was released earlier this year which begins with a punchy montage of members of the secret service, hunting down their targets. Meanwhile, the trailer pans to the Slow Horses team, who are being skewered by Jackson in a debrief as he tells his team: "Bringing you up to speed is like trying to explain Norway to a dog."  The teaser cuts to a series of brawls, one of which takes place in a house going up in flames around them. 