The 2022 Oscars was a historic moment for streaming services, with films released by both Apple TV+ and Netflix clinching coveted gongs. Coda, an Apple TV+ film about a teenager who is the only hearing member of a deaf family - scooped three Oscars including the prestigious Best Picture award. Coda beat Netflix's The Power of the Dog to become the first film released by a streaming service to win the award, and if you want to see it entirely for free you can do so by signing up to an Apple TV+ free trial. You can get seven days worth of free Apple TV+ access if you sign up to use the service. Apple TV+ costs £4.99 a month and this charge will kick in after your free seven day trial is up, so if you don't want to continue using the service after your free trial is up make sure you cancel before then. If you've also recently bought a new iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch, Apple TV or Mac then you will also be eligible for three months worth of free Apple TV+ access. You need to sign-up to claim your free three months access to Apple TV+ within three months of setting up your new device. And finally, you can also get access to Apple TV+ entirely for free by signing up to the Apple One service.  This subscription service is an all-in-one package that offers access to Apple Music, Apple TV+, Apple Arcade, Apple Fitness+ and iCloud+. If you sign-up to this service you'll get one month's access to Apple TV+ for free. In the lead-up to the Oscars The Power of the Dog - a Netflix drama starring Benedict Cumberbatch and Kirsten Dunst - looked to be the front running for the Best Picture award. However, a late swell of support for Coda saw Apple TV+ pip Netflix to this prestigious gong. Despite missing out on this award, Netflix's The Power of the Dog did bag one other much coveted award. Jane Campion won the Best Director award for The Power of the Dog, with this coming after the filmmaker won a string of other prizes such as best director at the Baftas, Golden Globes and the Silver Lion prize at the Venice film festival. 