Fergus Fraser (played by César Domboy) finally opened up about why he was so troubled by his son’s dwarfism in Sunday night’s episode of Outlander. After Starz viewers’ hearts melted for the troubled husband of Marsali (Lauren Lyle), series regular Lauren took to Twitter to thank fans for sticking with the series through thick and thin. Lauren paid tribute to the show’s growing fanbase after the newest instalment of the Starz drama got off to a bleak start. Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) finally made Fergus confess his concerns about his son, Henri-Christian, in the third episode of Outlander season six. Later, Jamie (Sam Heughan) found Fergus attempting to take his own life and opened up about his own depressive episode while he patched him up. With five episodes of season six still to come, Outlander’s latest offering is building up to be one of the most emotionally draining rides in the series’ history. READ MORE: Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star Series regular Lauren posted a touching message on Sunday for fans who have had their hearts broken by Fergus and Marsali’s story so far. She tweeted: “Eps 2 & 3 @Outlander_STARZ have been big boi’s. “Thank u to the best fans in this whole big world for all the love these past weeks. [Love heart] u [love heart] Marsali [love heart] everyone that makes this show. “The coolest doing a whole new life with a character you know so well. Let me know what you think x.” [sic] The first chunk of Outlander’s sixth season has building up to a huge moment for Fergus, and many fans will have been distraught to discover he was suicidal. His behaviour has received considerable backlash so far, as his alcoholism has made him treat Marsali poorly and neglect his duties as a husband. While his actions weren’t necessarily forgiven, Claire was finally able to understand his furious reaction to his son’s appearance. Having grown up in a brothel in 18th Century Paris, Fergus witnessed first-hand how people with dwarfism were procured by the Madame as ‘exotic’ sex workers. Fergus also revealed he knew someone with dwarfism who had his throat slit and sold for body parts. DON'T MISS:Power Book 4’s Diamond star teases return in season 2 ‘Curious’ [EXCLUSIVE]Discovery of Witches star ‘lonely’ playing Gerbert [INSIGHT]Law and Order SVU delayed: NBC series set for another hiatus [UPDATE] After Marsali gave birth to a baby with dwarfism, he started to worry about who will be able to take care of him when Jamie and Claire pass away. Knowing how people who are different are treated, even in Fraser’s Ridge, Fergus didn’t think he was the right person to take care of his son. Thankfully, Jamie stopped him from making a devastating decision just in time, and hopefully Henri-Christian will now have the love and support he needs for a long and healthy future. Several fans expressed their emotional reactions to the episode below Lauren’s post, including Haley Beaupre, who said: “You absolutely blew us away.” “You and Cesar together are totally alluring. Seeing you two take command of your characters & their story is so riveting. "As much as I feel for Fergus & Marsali there are no two people to trust more with bringing these two to life. Perfection.” Marsali’s struggles with her husband are certainly not over, but hopefully Fergus’ admission is the first step to healing their fractured marriage. Outlander season 6 continues Sundays on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 116 123 or visit a local Samaritans branch.