Penny Lancaster, 51, has shared her thoughts about women in the police force. The star has said that she wants to urge more females to join the police so that women feel safer on the streets. The Loose Women star explained that more female officers on patrol would be reassuring for women on the streets. She told The Daily Star today: “I’m really hoping for women to come forward and volunteer because we need that variation in the force to represent the public and to make women in particular feel safe.” The star added that she feels “humbled” to be in a position to encourage other women to volunteer for the force. "I feel so humbled that taking on this position myself has encouraged other women who maybe thought it wasn’t possible to give them that step up. READ NOW: Kate Humble opens up on ‘very seductive’ first meal with now-husband. "I thought, ‘Is it possible? Could I really? Yeah, why not?’ The path is actually an easy route to take if you’ve got that time to give. "It really is worthwhile. It’s so important." The Loose Women panellist explained that people as “fortunate” as her want to “give back” and that “we do our bit with charity.” "But there’s nothing like making a difference every single day. “And as a special constable out on foot patrol you come into contact with the public every day when you’re on duty and you really do make a difference. I love it.’’ Penny made her first arrest last week since she became special constable with City of London Police in 2020. At the time, the star urged others to volunteer for duty so they could make a difference. Police forces across the UK introduced campaigns for safer streets in order to help women feel better protected after the murder of Sarah Everard by Metropolitan Police officer Wayne Couzens. DON'T MISS... 'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown [LATEST] Naga Munchetty reacts after colleagues 'decide to step away' from BBC [INSIGHT] Strictly star's tears as family 'turned back' at Ukraine border [UPDATE] Penny completed her training for the force in April 2021. She was encouraged to volunteer following her appearance in the Channel 4 show, Famous and Fighting Crime. While making the TV programme, a drug dealer threatened to stab her. Penny says that this was her inspiration to join the force. The star does 200 hours of police work a year, primarily on foot patrol Her first arrest was a drug-driving suspect whom she spotted while on mobile patrol with her colleagues. Penny read the man his rights and proceeded to take him into custody. She married husband Rod Stewart, 77, in 2007.