The NHS notes a variety of things can trigger an increase in blood sugar level in people with diabetes, including eating too much, such as snacking between meals or missing a dose of your diabetes medicine or taking an incorrect dose. Diabetic retinopathy is a complication of diabetes, caused by high blood sugar levels, and it can cause blindness if left undiagnosed and untreated.  Giles Edmonds, Specsavers clinical services director, said one complication of diabetes is diabetic retinopathy. This can occur when high blood sugar levels over a long period of time damage the blood vessels in the back of the eye. He warned: “If left untreated it can cause sight loss. In its early stages diabetic retinopathy usually doesn’t pose any noticeable symptoms, so an eye test can pick it up before you do. “As retinopathy develops, blood vessels can weaken, bulge or leak into the retina and can be referred to as non-proliferative retinopathy.”  He noted: “However, if it worsens, some vessels can close off which causes new ones to grow, or proliferate, on the surface of the retina. “This is known as proliferative retinopathy and can lead to problems with your vision and even sight loss. “Some people who have diabetic retinopathy can also develop diabetic macular oedema. “The macula is the part of your retina you need for reading, driving and seeing faces, however over time, the disease can destroy the sharp vision in this part of the eye leading to partial vision loss or even blindness.”  The NHS says it usually takes several years for diabetic retinopathy to reach a stage where it could threaten your sight. To minimise the risk of this happening, it says people with diabetes should: "Ensure they control their blood sugar levels, blood pressure and cholesterol. "Attend diabetic eye screening appointments – annual screening is offered to all people with diabetes aged 12 and over to pick up and treat any problems early on.”  The NHS says: “By keeping your blood sugar, blood pressure and cholesterol levels under control, you can reduce your chances of developing diabetic retinopathy.” It says: “You will not usually notice diabetic retinopathy in the early stages, as it does not tend to have any obvious symptoms until it's more advanced. “However, early signs of the condition can be picked up by taking photographs of the eyes during diabetic eye screening.” The health body says you should contact your GP or diabetes care team immediately if you experience gradually worsening vision, sudden vision loss, shapes floating in your field of vision, blurred or patchy vision, eye pain or redness, and difficulty seeing in the dark.  It adds: “These symptoms do not necessarily mean you have diabetic retinopathy, but it's important to get them checked out.” Public Health England (PHE) says: “Diabetic eye screening is important as it helps to prevent sight loss. “As someone with diabetes, your eyes are at risk of damage from diabetic retinopathy. Screening can detect the condition early before you notice any changes to your vision.” It adds: “Eye screening is an important part of your diabetes care. Untreated diabetic retinopathy is one of the most common causes of sight loss. When the condition is caught early, treatment is effective at reducing or preventing damage to your sight.” 