Shane Warne died aged 52 from a suspected heart attack and was found in his Thai villa in Koh Samui after landing in the country on Thursday. Medical staff attempted to revive him but were unsuccessful with the England Cricket team paying tribute to the player. The team, currently in Antigua, paused their play and stood in the middle of the cricket ground to hold a minute's silence for Shane Warne.    Footage showed the team with their heads bowed as they remembered the Australian captain. After the minute was up, the team and other staff clapped to his memory. A statement from Mr Warne's management said: "It is with great sadness we advise that Shane Keith Warne passed away of a suspected heart attack in Koh Samui, Thailand today, Friday 4 March. "Shane was found unresponsive in his Villa and despite the best efforts of medical staff, he could not be revived. The family requests privacy at this time and will provide further details in due course." The tribute came pouring in once the news broke with England football hero Gary Lineker writing on Twitter: "Terribly saddened and shocked to hear the news that Shane Warne has died. "The greatest spin bowler of all time. Can’t quite believe it. RIP Shane." Piers Morgan wrote: "Absolutely devastated to hear that ⁦Shane Warne⁩ has died from a heart attack aged just 52. "He was a genius cricketer, a supreme entertainer, a fantastic bloke and a great loyal friend for many years. Just gutting news. RIP Warnie, I loved every minute in your company."  Several weeks ago, Mr Warne toyed with the idea of becoming England's next head coach after Chris Silverwood was axed. Mr Warne told the Sky News Cricket Podcast: "Yeah, I think I'd do a pretty good job. "I think there's a lot to work with, but I wouldn't be called the coach. I think I'd be called team manager. "I'd like to do it, there are so many good players in England, you've got a lot of depth, you've just got to get some of the basics right.  "Your catching, you can't bowl no-balls and drop so many catches. You've got the players, they're just not performing, and the question is why?" Mr Warne's death comes following the passing of Rod Marsh who passed away on Thursday following a major heart attack. He tweeted about the death "Sad to hear the news that Rod Marsh has passed. "He was a legend of our great game and an inspiration to so many young boys and girls. "Sending lots and lots of love to Ros and the family. RIP mate." 