John Nolan (played by Nathan Fillion) has had plenty of drama to deal with so far in The Rookie season four. From drive-by shootings and front desk poisonings to Sgt Grey (Richard T Jones) suffering a stab wound, the LAPD hasn’t been short of action. And with the drama still pulling in millions of ABC viewers week after week, it’s no surprise the US network has delivered good news on its future. ABC announced on Wednesday, March 30 that The Rookie would indeed return for a fifth season. And it’s no surprise as, according to Deadline, the current run has maintained a steady viewership following its 2.8 million viewers for its premiere. According to ABC, the drama also averages 10 million viewers across all platforms within 35 days of release on the network. Following the announcement, lead star Fillion was quick to issue a statement of his own to celebrate the new milestone. READ MORE: Yellowstone's Kevin Costner dealt huge snub by ABC over axed project On his Instagram page, he penned to his 1.2 million followers: “I couldn’t be more proud of what we have accomplished with this show. “Congratulations to our cast, crew, writers, producers, casting directors, directors, and everyone who has lent their talents to #therookieabc over the years. “This job brings me real joy, I look forward to many more episodes with you all. “I’d also like to thank the fans who keep coming back. You keep watching ‘em, we’ll keep making ‘em.” He concluded his statement by saying: “#therookieabc #season5 #holycrap And thanks to ABC for the early pickup! It’s such a good feeling!” (sic) Eric Winter, who The Rookie fans know best as Tim Bradford, also took to the social media site to mark the occasion. “We are back in action…” he began to his 298k followers. “Love seeing an early pick up! Congrats to the entire @therookieabc family and our amazing fans! #season5 #therookie.” DON'T MISS:Law and Order's Christopher Meloni shares reason for shows name changeJames Corden pokes fun at Will Smith slap with Jada parody songThis Is Us' Justin Hartley issues stark warning about Kevin's ending And Nyla Harper star Mekia Cox added to the celebrations with a message of her own. She penned to her 90.9k Instagram following: “Look who’ll be back for a Season 5!!!!! AAYYYEEE!!!! “Love this cast and crew. Congrats on all your hard work,” she added alongside a series of love heart emojis. Inevitably, each star was inundated with excited messages from the fandom who flooded the web with their pleasure at the renewal. With season four still underway, a release date for season five remains a mystery. And it isn’t the only show from The Rookie franchise on its way as a spin-off has also been ordered. Niecy Nash and Ozark’s Felix Solis are just two of the stars set to appear in the spin-off - although again, a release date remains to be announced. The Rookie season 4 continues Sunday on ABC in the USA and Thursdays on Sky Witness in the UK.