Braveheart star Ralph Riach, who rose to fame in the 1980s, has died at the age of 83 with fellow actors paying tribute to him online. The BBC star appeared in the comedy Hamish Macbeth as well as the popular police drama Taggart. Tributes have poured in for the late actor on social media with many friends and fans offering their condolences. Trainspotting legend Robert Carlyle hailed him as "one of the kindest" men he's worked with in a touching post. The duo starred on Hamish Macbeth together. He wrote: "RIP Ralph Riach. READ MORE: 'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star "One of the nicest, kindest, funniest men I've ever had the pleasure of working with. "Ralph took me in for my audition at RSAMD in 1983. "I loved my time with him on Hamish Macbeth and feel blessed that I had that opportunity. "Farewell 'TV John'." Grey's Anatomy star Kevin McKidd, who worked with Riach on the 2004 drama One Last Chance, also penned a heartwarming tribute. In tribute to his fellow Elgin-born actor, he said: "Oh no!! "Ralph Riach was a true legend and a gentleman and such a generous soul. "You will be deeply missed Ralph, the OG actor fae Elgin". Taggart actor Colin McCredie added: "He was loved in Perth too, Kev. DON'T MISS... 'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star[LATEST]Nick Knowles' brutal dig at Max Verstappen after F1 'tantrum'[SPORT]Rachel Zegler 'to cheer West Side Story from couch' after Oscars snub[INSTAGRAM] "A great actor and a lovely man. One of Perth’s finest." Fans also took to the micro-blogging site and offered their condolences following the news. Twitter user, Theresa McG wrote: "So very sorry for the loss of your friend. You two were fantastic in Hamish Macbeth. RIP." Tamar commented: "Strange, I hadn't thought about Hamish Macbeth in years and felt a sudden urge to rewatch a couple of weeks ago. Was just saying I wish I had a TV John in my life. Guess I did. RIP Ralph Riach. You created a character whose chaotic good was so lovely and memorable." The Warrior Badger added: "Some of the best TV moments ever were between Hamish and TV John - still treasured today. So very sorry Robert, thoughts with Ralph's family and friends. RIP - and thanks for some very special memories." Ralph was a Scottish actor from Elgin, Moray born in 1939. He is best remembered for his role as John McIver in BBC One comedy drama Hamish Macbeth. The actor also starred in the popular Mel Gibson film Braveheart.