Tom Parker’s widow has paid tribute to the late star, who died today from a brain tumour aged 33. Kelsey, 32, shares two children with The Wanted star - Aurelia, two, and Bodhi, one. Taking to Instagram to announce the sad news, Kelsey posted a black and white photo of Tom. She wrote: “It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side. “Our hearts are broken, Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. “We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan's royal tour would be a success, claims Jane Moore “Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout, he fought until the very end. I’m forever proud of you,” she concluded, with love heart emojis. Kelsey’s followers rushed to flood her with support. Georgia wrote: “Gosh I am so so sorry. Sending so much love to you”. Harleemusic added: “Sending you lots of love Kelsey, thoughts are with you and your family”. “I am so so sorry Kelsey. Sending so much love to you and all your family,” penned Jayde_Jenson_Rocco. Tom bravely fought an inoperable stage 4 glioblastoma for two years, having been diagnosed in 2020 and given just 18 months to live. After several rounds of gruelling chemotherapy and 30 radiotherapy sessions, Tom beat the odds and outlived his prognosis. He had recently announced his plans to release a book about his battle. DON'T MISS... Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga[LATEST]Lily James shows off legs in daring thigh-high split dress at Oscars[PICTURES]Phil Collins bids farewell to showbiz after final ever Genesis concert[MUSIC] “My book is not about dying: It's a book about living. It's a book about finding hope in whatever situation you're dealt, and living your best life no matter what,” he told fans earlier this month. Tom had been starring in his band The Wanted’s tour, using a wheelchair on stage. His treatment in Spain had forced him to pull out of the earlier dates in the tour, but he was able to join them later on, sitting on a throne on stage while his bandmates Max George, Nathan Sykes, Siva Kaneswaran, and Jay McGuinness stood around him. Kelsey was pregnant when Tom announced the sad news he’d been diagnosed with a brain tumour. "We are all absolutely devastated but we are gonna fight this all the way,” he promised. His bandmate Siva has since posted on Instagram: “Hey Tom, hope you’re having a blast up there. “I am so grateful that I had a chance to witness your true courage. “It has been a pleasure of my life Tommy Boy. Thank you for letting us see you light up the world. “Talk to you soon and see you later. Love you brother x.”