Some Ukrainian protestors who still remain in their war-torn country began protesting the occupation of Russian troops in the city of Kherson. Groups of scattered protestors came together to actively tell the Russian troops to go home. The protestors appeared to be unarmed, carrying no visible weapons but this did not stop Russian soldiers from opening fire on the Ukrainian protestors, firing grenades and bullets towards them During the short clip, a man films himself walking towards a large scattered crowd. The crowd can be heard repeating protest slogans which translate to "go home" loudly, just before members of the crowd begin to run in the opposite direction. Member of the public became engulfed in a thick white layer of smoke after an explosion rang out. Ukrainians began to run away from the soldiers and a mother can be seen grabbing her child to run. JUST IN: 'Morally bankrupt' EU savaged - Verhofstadt wades into Boris backlash    A loud explosion can be heard ringing out in the video clip, a noise later identified as a Russian troop throwing a grenade into the dispersed crowd of protestors. The loud explosions continued as Ukrainians turned back to run for their lives, as some decided to hide in small spaces next to large buildings. Men and women begin to run as the sound of Russian troops opening fire with a garage of bullets, continues till the end of the clip. Social media users on Twitter have been reacting to the circulating video clip. READ MORE: UK hot weather forecast: Britain set for HOTTEST March in 100 years in 70F mini-heatwave     One user @Ohams01 said: "You call it incredible for unarmed civilians to stand up to troops with guns and grenades. When they should be making their way out of the region to be safe at least. Where is your humanity?" @Avtailor said: "Disgusting but not surprising. Honestly confused on what they were doing with an enemy force in that close proximity unarmed." @Numerlon said: "Ah yes common liberator strategies like shooting into the local unarmed populace." @Kevinj1812 said: "So brave of these people and yet so sad that face to face human beings can still cause injury or death to innocent people." Western Governments have been logging Putin's war crimes against Ukrainians in hopes of holding him accountable after the war. Former BBC Moscow correspondent Kevin Connolly told the Express:  “My fear is there will be a more brutal period of the war for civilians and that unfortunately after that the Ukrainians are going to be asked to make incredibly difficult choices about territory. “I think we’re in for a period of real brutality because to put pressure on Ukrainians in negotiations, I think the Russians will bombard large Ukrainian civilian populations and I fear that there are dark times coming for some Ukrainian cities. “I think it’s possible that Ukraine stepping back from its NATO ambitions will be a helpful condition.” The United Nations rights office has already given a warning to the Kremlin due to the current mounting evidence of Russian attacks on the civilian population in Ukraine. i OHCHR spokesperson Liz Throssell said: "Civilians are being killed and maimed in what appear to be indiscriminate attacks, with Russian forces using explosive weapons with wide-area effects in or near populated areas. "These include missiles, heavy artillery shells and rockets, as well as airstrikes." She added: “We remind the Russian authorities that directing attacks against civilians and civilian objects, as well as so-called bombardment in towns and villages and other forms of indiscriminate attacks, are prohibited under international law and may amount to war crimes.”   