Arsenal have reportedly contacted the agent of Inter Milan striker Lautaro Martinez, amid the Serie A champions' purported interest in Tottenham Hotspur target Paulo Dybala. Mikel Arteta’s side are believed to be in the market for a new centre forward as Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are currently set to depart the club for free at the end of the season. The Gunners duo’s contracts will expire at the end of the season where they will then be able to leave the club for a free transfer. And they could soon be replaced by Martinez who has enjoyed another stellar campaign at Inter, scoring 14 goals and contributing two assist for Simone Inzaghi’s side. The Argentina forward put pen to paper on a contract extension in October that is set to keep him at the club until the summer of 2026. However, Inter would reportedly be willing to sell the 24-year-old if an offer in the margin of €70million (£59m) was submitted. Arsenal were strongly linked with a move for Martinez at the start of the season but Romelu Lukaku’s £97.5m move to Chelsea all but ended any hope of a move happening. However, reports from Italian outfit Calciomercato claim the Gunners could have better luck if they move for the striker in the coming transfer window. READ MORE: Arsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks held Atletico Madrid are also believed to be interested in signing the striker who has also contributed a very impressive 19 goals and five assists in 37 international appearances for Argentina. Reports from Italy have also claimed the Gunners have already talked to the agent in what could be the first step of a potential bid for his services. It is also believed they may be willing to cash in on Martinez as they are eying up a move for Juventus hitman Dybala. Martinez’s international compatriot will be a free agent at the end of the season, when his contract with Massimiliano Allegri’s side expires. DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt His time in Turin appears to be all but over after 283 appearances, 113 goals and 48 assists in all competitions. Tottenham are also believed to be allured by the prospect of signing Dybala on a free transfer. However, Inter could prove to be stiff competition for Antonio Conte’s side, particularly if Spurs are not able to qualify for the Champions League this season. Tottenham were very close to signing Dybala in Mauricio Pochettino’s final transfer window at the club, but the move collapsed in the dying stages.