Kirstie Allsopp did not hold back after the Location, Location, Location host hit out on Twitter today. The Channel 4 presenter addressed her concerns after being placed on hold for over two hours, amid claims she had only received responses from online "bots" so far. The 50-year-old wasted no time in calling out the airport service and claimed she had only been receiving automated messages. The small-screen star contacted British Airways on the micro-blogging site after being placed on hold for more than two hours. She explained that she had been attempting to change the details of a future airline booking amid claims of long waiting times on the telephone. In view of her 426,000 followers, Kirstie shared a screenshot that read "BA Executive Club" and the number of minutes she had been waiting. She wrote: "@British_Airways come on guys, this just isn’t good enough." READ MORE: Phillip Schofield 'gutted' as host breaks silence on Holly's absence The presenter received a response from the airline, which read: "Let us see how we can help with this. Drop us a DM with as much info as possible and remember to include your reference number and full contact details. We may need to confirm you are who you say you are by asking a couple more questions depending on what you need help with." Kirstie fired back: "You’re no longer a person. BA Twitter is now a computer so it’s impossible for you to help with anything complicated like changing a booking of a 15-year-old." In a follow-up tweet, she continued: "They used to be brilliant. Now it’s all automated, the replies are generated by computer. They say DM us but you are Direct Messaging a menu." Her post received some criticism as some social media users reacted to the screenshot of the presenter being in the British Airways (BA) Executive Club.  The Executive Club is a reward programme for people who love to travel and members are given certain benefits including priority boarding and check-in. Twitter user, @amcbear commented: "I expect this is an upper middle-class issue." Tracy agreed: "I totally agree and the only reason she’s posting is to show off!" Danny Knaggs commented: "3rd world problems. I’m also having a devil of a time getting hold of my caviar consultant." DON'T MISS... 'I'm so emotional' Stacey Solomon receives sweet gift after sad loss[LATEST]Louise Minchin speaks out as ex-BBC Breakfast colleague calls it quits[TV]'Call me filthy' Ulrika Jonsson says she 'doesn't shower every day'[COLUMN] David Bloor added: "Ooooooh. Look at me. I’m so important." However, others came to the Channel 4 presenter's defence. Mikey said: "You can’t compare people's issues, she’s been on hold for more than 2 hours. It’s not acceptable." Arsenal Stu commented: "Same with me Kirstie. What a shambles." James Kane added: "All the airlines are taking ages to answer calls it seems!" Kirstie explained that she was eventually able to get through to the airline online who asked her to send a direct message. But she shared another screenshot of another automated response which read: "I didn't quite understand. Go ahead and ask me another question, or choose from an option from the menu below." The official BA account then replied: "I'm sorry that the bot is interfering. You can just ignore the automated replies, I'll still pick up your messages." Kirstie later tweeted: "The staff are lovely but the systems aren’t working. God knows it must be hell for them to deal with people who’ve been on hold for so long." Express.co.uk has contacted British Airways representatives for comment.