Mary Poppins actress Dame Julie Andrews, 86, has shared an emotional tribute to her late ex-husband, award-winning British director and production designer Tony Walton. The former couple had been childhood sweethearts and shared one daughter, Emma Walton Hamilton, 59. Following the sad news of his death at the age of 87 from a stroke last week, Julie has now broken her silence on her grief.  The Sound of Music star said in a statement: “Tony was my dearest and oldest friend.  “He taught me to see the world with fresh eyes and his talent was simply monumental. I will miss him more than I can say.  “We are a huge, blended family and as we hold each other close, we take comfort knowing that he lives on, not only in his children and grandchildren, but in the memories of thousands who cherished his warmth and generosity and the glorious gifts he gave us… gifts of theatre and film, ballet and opera, the graphic arts and illustration. READ MORE... Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update “He was a Titan of the Arts. A doting father and husband… and beloved beyond measure.” Dame Julie and Tony tied the knot in 1959 and remained close friends after their divorce in 1968. Tony had spoken of falling in love with Dame Julie when he saw her in Humpty Dumpty at the London Casino in 1948. They were married in Surrey with daughter Emma being born in 1962. Tony enjoyed a very successful career, winning the Oscar for best art direction for Bob Fosse's All That Jazz in 1979. He also received 16 Tony Awards and won an Emmy for Outstanding Art Direction for a Miniseries or Movie for his work on Death of a Salesman in 1985. Tony’s cause of death was complications from a stroke, which was confirmed on his official website. Tony remarried in 1991 when he tied the knot with Genevieve LeRoy. DON'T MISS:Michael Douglas reflects on tragedy as he issues career update [COMMENT]Liz Hurley reacts as Elton John shares pic of her and ex Shane Warne [OPINION]Vera actor Kenny Doughty's ‘romance’ with co-star after sad tragedy [INSIGHT] Julie also married again to director Blake Edwards in 1969.  The Hollywood star became stepmother to his children and adopted two daughters, Amy and Joanna.  The couple were together until Blake’s death in 2010 at the age of 88.  Tony began his career working on stage before Walt Disney hired him for Mary Poppins, in which Dame Julie starred as the titular character.  Over the years, he also worked on Fahrenheit 451, Petulia, Equus and Regarding Henry.  His most recent work was on stage for The Sleeping Beauty and A Tale of Two Cities in 2007.  Walton leaves behind his wife, author Genevieve LeRoy Walton, his two daughters, Emma Walton Hamilton and Bridget LeRoy, and five grandchildren.