WARNING: This article contains potential spoilers from Outlander season six. Fans of the Outlander novels by Diana Gabaldon already know Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) and Tom Christie (Mark Lewis Jones) are old foes. The pair spent time at Ardsmuir prison together after the Battle of Culloden and were forced to get along with one another. When Jamie settled at the Ridge, he offered all men who were at Ardsmuir the chance to settle there. However, he didn’t expect Tom to come knocking with a group of followers. Looking ahead to the new series, Roger star Richard Rankin teased it won’t just be Jamie the Christie family will causing trouble for. He warned “there’s something lurking under the surface” for each of the Christie family members. Richard added something will “go awry” with Allan and Malva in particular - could this be in reference to a huge plot point in the novels? Sophie Skelton, who stars as Brianna, added she “smarts up” to the family early on but Roger is pulled in by their arrival. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun viewers in uproar after couple's sudden U-turn “I think with all introductions in Outlander there’s going to be some unsettling moments, some scene where things are going to turn 180 on their head,” Sophie shared. “I think Roger, you interact more with the Christies don’t you? “Brianna smarts up to them pretty quickly and stays out of the way.” Richard told Express.co.uk: “They just do have a bit of a vibe about them. “There’s something kind of lurking under the surface for each of those characters. “As Sophie said, with the introduction of any new sort of guest roles, you know things are potentially going to come to some sort of conflict or drama. “I think the Christie family are really, really interesting though. I was really looking forward to them coming on board.” The actor continued: “The three of them are incredible actors for a start. I think they come with a real sense of danger. DON'T MISS...Outlander’s Sam Heughan hints series could continue ‘without’ him [LATEST]Outlander’s Richard Rankin shares concerns series wouldn’t return [EXCLUSIVE]Outlander season 6 release time: When does Outlander start on Starz? [UPDATE] “Tom’s approach to Christianity is questionable but you can see with the children, Allan and Malva, that things are going to go awry at some point.” He chillingly added: “It’s just a case of how. But they’re great.” Fans of the Outlander novels know Malva (Jessica Reynolds) falls pregnant and tries to claim the baby is Jamie Fraser’s. When she is later found dead, Claire (Caitriona Balfe) tries to save her unborn baby but does not succeed. Claire is blamed for their deaths but Tom goes on to take the blame, claiming he knew his daughter had the devil in her. Allan (Alexander Vlahos) later confesses to Claire he raped his sister and was the father of her child. He goes on to explain he killed her because she was going to tell the truth about the pregnancy. As Allan goes to take his own life, Claire tries to convince him not to but Young Ian (John Bell) interrupts and shoots him with an arrow. Fans will have to wait and see if the storyline plays out on screen but one thing is for certain, the Christies are here to cause chaos. Outlander season 6 airs March 6 on Starz in the US and StarzPlay in the UK.