The widely shared minute-long clip was viewed by the The Dan Wootton Tonight panel in a light-hearted coverage of the scenes in Ukraine. In an interview with Freedom News TV the soldiers explained how they found the puppy alone in the cold and decided to bring him in.  The soldiers said: “We felt sorry for him, it was freezing outside. We took him into our post, and he stayed with us.” As the puppy, who has a white stripe across his black belly and light brown patches on his face and legs, walked through the mud of the post, one soldier commented on his size saying that “he used to be so tiny he could fit in one hand”. He has been called Rambo by the soldiers and has been affectionately given the role of security at the post. The soldiers said to the laughter of a reporter: “He is our protector, right Rambo? He is security, that’s his job.”  The soldiers added: “He is our watchdog.” Though the inquisitive and playful puppy has a lot of growing up to do and is dwarfed by his surroundings, the soldiers are pleased with his abilities to work with them as another member of their unit. “He can hear very well if there is a stranger nearby”, one of the soldiers said. Another added: “Rambo is doing a hecking good job! Best doggo.” READ MORE:Nuclear weapons MAPPED: The eight countries that could take on Russia In the clip the puppy can be seen exploring his new surroundings and playing with soldiers by jumping up at them as they protect their post in Donbas. He added: “We had a pregnant dog running around here. We have two more puppies left, but they are usually in the Kitchen.” The clip that has gone viral on social media as one of the most heart-warming stories to come from the invasion. Towards the end of the extended clip the little recruit can be seen showing his loyalty as he goes to the heels of one of the soldiers and follows him as he walks away. DON'T MISS:Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv? (INSIGHT)Catherine Zeta Jones 'so proud' of Michael Douglas at SAG Awards (REACTION)Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated (ANALYSIS)  Dan Wootton smiled at the footage and concluded the segment by stating: “Aww adorable. Go little Rambo.” Rambo has now joined several figures from Ukraine who have been propelled into fame on social media such as the so-called sunflower lady. A Ukrainian woman told a Russian soldier to put sunflower seeds in his pocket so when he died sunflowers, a Ukrainian symbol, would bloom. 