Chris Rock, 57, reportedly made a Muhammad Ali joke after Will Smith hit him during the 94th Academy Awards. The jibe is said to have been made as a reference to one of the actor’s other Oscar-nominated roles. According to Vanity Fair insider Anthony Breznican, the comedian’s cheek was red after the incident. He said: “When Chris Rock walked back to the wings of the stage with the winners, his cheek was red, but he tried to play it off to the gobsmacked crew and fellow presenters by making a joke about one of Will Smith’s other Oscar-nominated roles. “One witness said he remarked loudly, ‘That’s the only time you get hit my Muhammad Ali and it doesn’t leave a scratch.’” Express.co.uk has reached out to Chris Rock’s representatives for comment. During the controversial event, Chris angered Will by making a joke about the latter's wife Jada Pinkett Smith’s shaved head, in which he referenced the 1997 film GI Jane. Jada had previously spoken out about having alopecia, which causes hair loss. Following the jibe, Jada could be seen rolling her eyes before, moments later, Will walked on stage and hit Chris. The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air actor has since apologised to Chris on social media. Chris also addressed the standoff on Wednesday during a live comedy show in Boston, US. He admitted he was still “processing” what had happened on Sunday evening. Speaking to the crowd, Chris asked: “How was your weekend?” He continued: “I don't have a bunch of s**t to say about [the incident], so if you came here for that ... I had written a whole show before this weekend.” DON'T MISS...Bruce Willis steps away from acting after brain condition diagnosis [LATEST]Laila Rouass sets pulses racing with topless pic after Ronnie split [PICTURES]Chris Rock breaks silence following Oscars altercation with Will Smith [VIDEO] The actor and comedian added: “I'm still processing what happened.” Chris said he will further elaborate on the topic in the future. He said: “At some point, I'll talk about that s**t. “It'll be serious. It'll be funny, but right now I'm going to tell some jokes.” The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has since “condemned” Will Smith’s behaviour at the Oscars ceremony. In an official statement, the Academy said it “condemns the actions of Mr Smith at last night’s show”. “We have officially started a formal review around the incident and will explore further action and consequences in accordance with our Bylaws, Standards of Conduct and California law,” the statement added. Actress Whoopi Goldberg, who serves on the Academy's Board of Directors, spoke out on Monday as scrutiny raged over whether Will will be able to keep his Best Actor award. She said: “We're not going to take that Oscar from him. There will be consequences, I'm sure."