England boss Gareth Southgate has been warned to "pick his words carefully" by World Cup Qatar 2022 chief executive Nasser Al Khater. Southgate has voiced his concerns over the showpiece tournament being held in Qatar. Southgate is far from the only person to speak out with concerns since the Gulf state was awarded the tournament back in 2010. With male homosexuality punishable by prison sentence, same-sex marriages not recognised and concerns over women's rights, the Three Lions boss has previously spoken out on the fact that it would be a "great shame" if some England fans felt uncomfortable or unable to travel later this year. Southgate and members of the England squad met prior to last week's friendly games to discuss the challenges surrounding the tournament in Qatar and how the Three Lions could play their part in highlighting the issues; something that Harry Kane also alluded to earlier this month. The 51-year-old has also questioned what England would achieve through boycotting the competition, while there is an acceptance that the squad will be subject to criticism regardless of what action they choose to take. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Klopp granted Premier League wish over five-sub rule After Tuesday night's 3-0 win over Ivory Coast, Southgate jetted off to Qatar with members of the Football Association for Friday's World Cup draw - and Al Khater has revealed that he hopes to discuss some of Southgate's concerns in person. He told Sky Sports: “My question would be who from the England squad has been to Qatar? My question to the coach is has he been to Qatar? Is he basing his opinions and his public statements on what he has read? Because it is kind of an issue when you just base an opinion on which you are very vocal about on things which you have read. “Somebody with a lot of influence such as Southgate, somebody with a big audience that listens to what he has said has got to pick his words carefully. I think before making statements like that when it comes to the workers, he needs to come here, speak to workers, understand what workers get out of being here. “There are isolated cases, these are the cases which make it to the media. However, I can assure him that if he comes here, speaks to the majority of workers, they will tell you how they have put their children through University, they will tell you how they built their houses for them and their families. These are the stories that nobody hears. “So I look forward to welcoming him here, I look forward to meeting him at the draw. He can listen to my opinion. He doesn’t have to believe it, but at least he needs to go that far to understand different opinions, to understand different cultures. “I am extending him my deepest respect. I respect him as a coach, as a human being. I don’t have any issues with people’s opinions. Obviously when someone has a different opinion, you will give them your side of the story. We can agree to disagree, but that’s fine.”