Scottish tennis star Andy Murray has shown his anger towards Home Secretary Priti Patel amid the United Kingdom's delayed response to help Ukrainian refugees. Millions of citizens are fleeing the war-struck country following Russia's invasion, which started just over two weeks ago. Yet a number of them have had issues crossing the Calais border into the UK, with the government coming under strong criticism for their perceived lack of empathy and compassion towards Ukrainians. On Thursday, the Twitter account Irish in Westminster posted a story about Patel along with the caption: "Taoiseach Micheál Martin has confirmed that Priti Patel complained to the Irish government that Ireland’s welcoming policy towards Ukrainian refugees would allow them to reach the UK by the back door." And Murray responded by quote tweeting and adding a surprised and sick face emoji. It is not the first time that Murray has hit out at the government. Last year he displayed his fury at the NHS receiving a paltry 1% pay rise, saying: “I think the whole country kind of realised how important they all are, and maybe hadn’t got the recognition that they probably deserve up until now. Murray is currently in the USA where he is training ahead of the BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells. The 34-year-old has already confirmed that he plans to donate all his prize earnings of this year towards those suffering in Ukraine. He posted on Twitter earlier this week: "Over 7.5m children are at risk with the escalating conflict in Ukraine, so I'm working with @UNICEF_uk to help provide urgent medical supplies and early childhood development kits. "It's vital education continues, so UNICEF is working to enable access to learning for displaced children, as well as supporting the rehabilitation of damaged schools, together with replacement equipment and furniture.  "I'm going to be donating my earnings from my prize money for the rest of the year, but anyone in the UK can support UNICEF's humanitarian response by donating to our appeal by following this link. "Children in Ukraine need peace - now."