Louise, the Queen and Prince Philip's youngest granddaughter, stepped out alongside her brother James, Viscount Severn, and parents for the poignant event. The 18-year-old looked sombre as she arrived at Westminster Abbey alongside her mother Sophie, Countess of Wessex, and Prince Edward. Louise donned a dark blue dress, paired with a clutch bag, dark shoes, a dark cardigan and a fascinator. Her arrival sparked a frenzy among royal fans, with one - @els_barneveld4 - writing: "Wowww... Lady Louise...what a beauty she is." Another, @cumbriaoldrural, added: "Lady Louise is stunning". And royal watcher @MrDCPhillips said: "Lady Louise is a young lady now as well, bless her!" Follow live updates on Prince Philip's memorial service here During the service, she sat next to her mother Sophie, Countess of Wessex, and was spotted listening intently to the prayers and words of thanks dedicated to the Prince. The Duke of Edinburgh died aged 99 on April 9 last year. The teenager was among the 30 people allowed to attend the socially-distanced funeral service at St George's Chapel, during the third national lockdown. Moreover, Louise spoke lovingly about the Duke during the BBC special Prince Philip: The Royal Family Remembers. READ MORE: Queen gave Camilla Queen title to stop Harry from 'harming' her During the programme, which marked the young royal's first-ever interview, Louise recalled her shared love with Philip for carriage driving. She said: "The Duke of Edinburgh has been so involved in my driving which has been so lovely, although slightly scary because he invented the sport pretty much. "It's incredible to have learned first-hand from him." The teenager also described how the Duke's eyes would "light up" whenever they were discussing how her competitions had gone.  She said: "After a competition, he would always ask how it went. "His eyes would light up because he just gets so excited when he talks about it. "When we would go carriage driving, he would take me on a different route every day, I do not know how he managed to do that, and tell me all sorts of anecdotes about anything and everything. "He is honestly one of the most interesting people I have ever met." Lady Louise also said she hoped to have honoured Prince Philip by taking part in the Duke of Edinburgh Awards scheme, which the Queen's husband launched in 1956. The service of thanksgiving has also been attended by all the children of the Queen and Prince Philip as well as some of the German relatives of the late Duke. Government officials, representatives from the overseas realms and the Commonwealth were also in attendance. Moreover, hundreds of representatives of the patronages and organisations Philip championed through his life of service paid their tribute during the 40-minute long service. Lady Louise and James weren't the only young royals in attendance at the service. Prince George and Princess Charlotte, the eldest son and daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, stunned royal fans by making an appearance at the service. The little Cambridges appeared natural in their royal role as they shook hands and charmed the attendees. Zara and Mike Tindall's eldest daughter, Mia, was also among the young royal at the service.