Justin Trudeau has been facing widespread criticism because of the latest round of coronavirus restrictions he imposed in Canada. And the backlash appeared to extend to the UK as he was met with a large group of protesters picketing Number 10 as Mr Trudeau headed to Number 10 to meet with Boris Johnson. Footage has emerged of the Canadian Prime Minister arriving at Downing Street from an alternative entrance to greet Mr Johnson. Visiting leaders traditionally use the main Whitehall entrance when visiting Number 10, with politicians normally filmed walking up to the iconic front door using the right-side pavement. But in footage being shared online, Mr Trudeau can be seen approaching Boris Johnson from the left-side, suggesting he used a different entrance to get to Number 10. CBC senior reporter Travis Dhanraj shared the video, captioning the footage: "PM Justin Trudeau arrives at 10 Downing from alternate entrance due to protest." He then posted further footage of the arrival, showing a group of protesters at Downing Street's Whitehall entrance, noting: "This is why Justin Trudeau didn't arrive through main entrance as @MinPres [Mark Rutte] did." JUST IN: EU pulls plug on Putin and vows to cut ALL 'Russian gas and oil' over Ukraine crisis Mr Trudeau had to contend with a three-week protest in Ottawa as truckers lamented the Covid vaccine regulation his Government imposed. The protesters initially rallied opposition to COVID-19 vaccine mandates for cross-border truck drivers, but the blockade became a demonstration against the Government itself. The protests paralyzed downtown Ottawa and then-Police Chief Peter Sloly called for almost 2,000 additional officers from provincial and federal forces. And Mr Trudeau has been paying a heavy price for his policy, with a Nanos Research survey finding 47 percent of respondents saying their opinion of the Prime Minister had worsened because of his response to the demonstrations. READ MORE: 'Let us come home' Russian soldier warns Putin he 'cannot win' as he exposes Moscow lies Pollster Nik Nanos said: "What’s clear from the survey is that even though Canadians generally support what the prime minister has done, his personal brand has taken a hit as a result of the truckers’ convoy protest. "There’s no political windfall for Justin Trudeau coming out of implementing the Emergencies Act." Another Angus Reid Institute poll found 65 percent of participants found Mr Trudeau's remarks about the protesters had worsened an already tense situation. DON'T MISS British Army vets go through gates of hell to get supplies to Ukraine [REPORT] Putin abandoned by former oligarch ally [INSIGHT]  Putin now seizes Russian bank accounts [ANALYSIS] Angus Reid's Shachi Kurl said: "Trudeau once distinguished himself with the ability to effortlessly communicate via feel-good symbols and imagery. “He now unabashedly, unapologetically doubles and triples down on the politics of inflammation.” The Prime Minister branded the demonstrators a "fringe minority" holding "unacceptable views." Protester Ashtyn Lammers said: "This isn’t just because of small inconveniences like not being able to eat at a restaurant. “People have lost their livelihoods, their jobs. Friends and families have been torn apart because of the division that the prime minister has instigated.”