The Russian President and his colleagues in Moscow have issued their requirements over the course of the days since Putin's troops invaded Ukraine on February 24. The Kremlin's chief spokesman Dmitry Peskov has detailed the requirements for war to end, according to the Telegraph. While Russia has struggled to capture Kyiv since its invasion began and has sustained major losses, Mr Peskov claimed it was "not true" that Russia wants Ukraine to be placed under Kremlin control. Speaking to Reuters, he said: "We really are finishing the demilitarisation of Ukraine. "We will finish it. "But the main thing is that Ukraine ceases its military action. "They should stop their military action and then no one will shoot." However, whether or not Kyiv could agree to demilitarisation remains to be seen. JUST IN: Ukrainian woman 'downed drone with jar of tomatoes' as Russia's invasion continues Anatol Lieven, a senior fellow with the Quincy Institute for Responsible Statecraft, said: "If it means the abolition of the Ukrainian armed forces, then, of course, that’s completely unacceptable." However, he suggested a deal could be achieved if Russia demands Ukraine withdraws long-range missiles from its soil. Another major issue for Russia is Ukraine's relationship with NATO and the EU. Peskov said: "They should make amendments to the constitution according to which Ukraine would reject any aims to enter any bloc. "Ukraine is an independent state that will live as it wants, but under conditions of neutrality." However, Shashank Joshi has described the Kremlin's change in position as having now recognised Kyiv's right to exist. He said: "So two weeks in, Russia has unilaterally moved down to: ‘the Nazis can stay if they say no to NATO and hand over territory’." Joshi added: "Were Ukraine to agree to such terms (not impossible), it would also have bad implications for other EU or NATO aspirants." But Moscow also demands Ukraine recognise Crimea, which was illegally annexed by Russia in 2014. Peskov said: "We have also spoken about how they should recognise that Crimea is Russian territory." Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and leaders across the West have so far refused to accept Russia's annexation of Crimea. Peskov similarly called on Kyiv to recognise Donetsk and Luhansk as independent states. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Putin invasion ruined as airport AND city 'retaken' [LIVE]Russia Z symbol meaning: Cult symbol has swept across Putin's Russia [REVEALED]Russia announces morning ceasefire after Putin speaks to Macron [INSIGHT] The Ministry of Defence (MoD) suggested Russia might be backing off after worrying about the reception of war back home. In an intelligence update, the MoD said: "Russia is increasingly restricting domestic social media access to limit negative coverage of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. "This will further confine the information space and make it increasingly difficult for the Russian population to gain access to anything other than the Russian state’s official view. "This indicates the Kremlin’s concern over the Russian population’s attitude to the conflict." The update comes after more than 4,300 people were arrested in anti-war protests across Russia. The comments come after Western nations, including Britain, issued several sets of economic sanctions on the country.