Jeremy Vine has faced a huge amount of backlash from viewers after suggesting that Russian soldiers "deserve to die" for taking part in the invasion of Ukraine. Last week, Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered his military to invade Ukraine and ordered strikes and bombing across the county, which has led to thousands of deaths. During his show on Monday, Jeremy gave his opinion on the ongoing events and ended up offending many watching over his "callous" remarks. Jeremy hosted a discussion for the general public to phone in and posed them a question: "Would you go and fight Ukraine?" After speaking to a few who had called in, a man named Bill from Manchester decided to give his opinion on the war. Jeremy asked Bill: "What is your problem with fighting Russians if they have invaded Ukraine? What is your problem with doing that?" Referring to World War Two, Bill said: "Russia were our allies. The people of Russia are not our enemies. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series "I don't think they are the enemies, quite a number of those Russians you will probably find will go across and hold their hands up this morning not wanting to fight the Ukrainians. "They were told lies by Putin surprisingly!" he added but before Bill could continue, Jeremy interrupted and said: "That's then, this is now. "The brutal reality is you put on a uniform for Putin, and you go and fight his war, you probably deserve to die, don't you?" Shocked at the bold statement, Bill exclaimed: "Do you? Do kids deserve to die? 18, 20-year-olds called up and inscribed? "They don't understand it, that is the brutality of war, and we never learn from that!" Jeremy plainly replied: "That's life, that's the way it goes, I know, but if you are Ukrainian, the answer is yes." Viewers of the Channel 5 show were appalled at the comments he made and took to Twitter to express their annoyance. @JeanieThePixie fumed: "He's just insensitive & tactless. I don't know how he's got the jobs he has in the media tbh #JeremyVine." DON'T MISS...Vine guest demands Prince Andrew carry out 'community service' [INSIGHT]Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump [LATEST]Iain Dale slaps down Jeremy Vine over calls to drop partygate probe in [WATCH] @Gumby commented: "What an insensitive and callous man JV is with this outrageous condemnation of young Russian conscripts, who have no other choice but to join the army. #JeremyVine." Michael Jones added: "It's one thing to play devil's advocate but another to be this kind of insensitive [and] callous #JeremyVine." @Hedgehogogg said: "I'm horrified at #JeremyVine This voicing of extreme views for ratings has to end." Alastair MacLeod wrote: "Wait, did @theJeremyVine really say 'If you put on a Russian uniform, you deserve to die? "Is he unaware that all-male Russian citizens aged 18–27 are subject to conscription for 1 year of active duty military service in armed forces?? Many don’t choose to wear the uniform!" Whilst Christina Hespe exclaimed: "If they go, they go by choice, knowing the consequences, unlike the poor 17-year-olds who are conscripted by Russia to fight in Ukraine, whose families are at risk if they refuse. "They do not 'deserve to die', as you have said. They are victims too. You though are a callous man." (sic) Express.co.uk has contacted Jeremy Vine's representatives for comment and the said: "We have nothing to add and there will be no further comment." Jeremy Vine airs weekdays from 9:15am on Channel 5.