Over the 12 weeks to March 20 this year, supermarket sales have dropped by 6.3 percent, according to new data. Research conducted by Kantar found households made 15.4 visits to the supermarket on average last month, which is a drop from 15.6 trips in March 2021.   The data analytics firm alluded the drop in sales to the steep increase in higher fuel prices as well as Covid restriction easing. Since coronavirus mandates have been dropped, the research correlated a drop in supermarket sales as people feeling more comfortable eating out, rather than cooking indoors. The research concluded: “We’re socialising and commuting more than at any other point since the pandemic began, so consumers don’t have as much time to go to the shops. “They also simply don’t need to buy as much food and drink to have at home. READ MORE: Westminster 'fury' over Welsh Government's stance on Queen booklet  “Higher fuel prices could be playing a role here too as people try to save petrol by visiting the supermarkets less often – something for us to keep a close eye on over the coming weeks.” Figures from data firm Experian Catalist reveal the average cost of a litre of petrol at UK forecourts last week was 167.3p, while diesel was 179.7p. The 5p cut in fuel duty announced by Chancellor Rishi Sunak last week is intended to help people struggling with the cost of living crisis, however, because prices have risen so quickly, the impact is likely to be minimal, according to the RAC. The big four supermarkets, Tesco, Sainsbury's, Asda and Morrisons, have brought in the duty cut in full. DON'T MISSNaga Munchetty praises BBC co-star on 'excellent' show move update [INSIGHT]Trump humiliated after ‘uninterested’ small crowd at rally [UPDATE]Le Pen on rocks as leader plagued by 'prominent falling out' [REVEAL]  Kantar also found grocery price inflation has skyrocketed in recent weeks. Research found, inflation has hit its highest level since April 2012 this period at 5.2 percent, over the past four weeks. Kantar explained: “More and more we’re going to see consumers and retailers take action to manage the growing cost of grocery baskets. “Consumers are increasingly turning to own label products, which are usually cheaper than branded alternatives.    “Own label sales are down in line with the wider market but the proportion of spending on them versus brands has grown to 50.6 percent, up from 49.9 percent this time last year.” This comes as a recent survey found UK shoppers are choosing to shop at discount supermarkets in greater numbers as grocery price inflation reaches its highest level in a decade. Aldi snagged its biggest share of the grocery market to date and Lidl matched its previous peak as grocery price inflation reached 5.2 percent in March, the highest level since April 2012, according to the latest figures from Kantar. Kantar said prices were rising fastest for pet food and savoury snacks but were still falling for some products such as fresh bacon. Food price inflation, fuelled by the rising cost of basic commodities such as wheat and cooking oil as well as energy and packaging, is forcing shoppers to change their habits as price rises filter through to supermarket shelves. Fraser McKevitt, the head of retail and consumer insight at Kantar, said: “More and more we’re going to see consumers and retailers take action to manage the growing cost of grocery baskets.”  