Jose Mourinho is reportedly ready to give up on Arsenal loanee Ainsley Maitland-Niles after his disappointing start to life in Italy - with the AS Roma chief identifying Manchester United ace Diogo Dalot as a potential summer replacement. Maitland-Niles has struggled to nail down a regular spot in Mourinho's team since rubber-stamping his loan move in the January transfer window. The 24-year-old has featured just seven times for the ex-Chelsea chief and has failed to impress in a number of different positions. The versatile Gunners ace was originally signed to fill in at right-back - but a new report claims that Mourinho has already decided to look elsewhere for the position after Maitland-Niles 'failed to convince' in an outing on the left flank. And La Gazzetta dello Sport are claiming that Mourinho is set to reignite his interest in Dalot, who could be available for a knockdown fee in the summer. JUST IN: Man Utd forced into Pogba action as Juventus put 'offer on the table' Although Dalot has featured more prominently for Manchester United since interim chief Ralf Rangnick arrived at the club, Roma still harbour hopes of prising the 22-year-old away from Old Trafford. Mourinho has been a long-term admirer of Dalot and he's poised to try and reunite with a player that he coached briefly at Manchester United rather than persisting with Maitland-Niles. The report goes onto outline that Dalot could be available for as little as £8.3million in the summer - despite the fact he's now a first-team regular. A move for Dalot would represent another raid on the Premier League from Mourinho, who has returned to the English market regularly since being appointed back in the summer. In one of his first acts in Rome, Mourinho splashed out £34m to seal a reunion with Chelsea outcast Tammy Abraham -  and the England ace has quickly evolved into Roma's talisman since making the switch to Italy, plundering 20 goals in 36 games to keep Roma in the hunt for European football. As well as a move for Maitland-Niles, Mourinho also came close to prising Granit Xhaka away from Arsenal before the plug was pulled by the Gunners at the eleventh hour. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ However, while Roma are keen to seal another English raid, they look set to face stiff competition in their bid to do so. Fiorentina are also keen to bring Dalot back to Serie A, where he impressed for AC Milan during a loan spell last season. And Roma's Italian rivals have cash to burn after raking in £66.6m from the sale of Dusan Vlahovic to Juventus in January.