Nicky (played by Kimberly Hart-Simpson) was last seen on the cobbles of Coronation Street back in 2020 when she enjoyed a romance with Daniel (Rob Mallard) after it was revealed she was a sex worker. The former resident of Weatherfield wanted better from her life and that of her young daughter, Maisie, so she decided to move away but not before her love interest paid off all of her debts. Now in a relationship with Daisy Midgeley (Charlotte Jordan), the last thing the school teacher would be expecting is for Nicky to make her return to the ITV soap but she might not be alone. It will be a bittersweet reception for Nicky as she makes her comeback after 18 months away because Daisy will become jealous of her bond with Daniel. The returnee will explain she has come back to the cobbles to start yet another new chapter of her life and she has applied for the role of teacher's assistant at the same school her former lover works at. As he has no romantic feelings for his ex-girlfriend now, the school teacher doesn't see the problem with catching up with her. But there could be another reason why Nicky has found herself drawn back to Weatherfield as she could have given birth to a child whilst she's been away. Daniel would have been the last person she slept with before leaving and with a substantial amount of time having passed since they saw each other, she could have gone through her pregnancy and had the baby. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap However, she could withhold this information from her child's father, to begin with, as she never had any hatred towards him. Nicky won't want Daniel's money or want him back but she would like him to have the chance to get to know his child. Unfortunately, the cat could be let out of the bag if Daisy does some digging and realises the returning character is living with a young girl and a baby. The Rovers Return barmaid could relay this information back to her boyfriend and he could put the pieces of the jigsaw together. Confronting his former lover about the baby's parentage, she could confess the child is his and she just wants him to spend some time with them. Having had an absent father during his childhood, Daniel could step up to the mark and accept he is going to be a part of this child's life. The school teacher could thank Nicky for coming back to the cobbles and he could tell her he will do anything to help her. Daisy could become bitterly jealous as the parents spend more time together but will she intervene to make sure Daniel gets his hands on the baby and ensure Nicky leaves for good? Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, the actress who plays Nicky, Kimberly, spoke about her comeback to the show and what is in store. The actress explained: "She's in the area and it made sense [to go and see Daniel]. She's just about to start this new section of her life and what better way than to really thank the person who helped her to get there." DON'T MISS...Sally Dynevor health: Star had cancer symptom for '6 months' [COMMENT]Kate Ford health: Soap star reveals she's 'struggling' with condition [COMMENT]Corrie's Jack P Shepherd mortified after 'tapping' star on their bum [COMMENT] Kimberly added: "I think you will see a different side to her, however, I would never say she was hidden away a lot anyway. "What you see is what you get with Nicky so there is not going to be a personality transplant or anything like that. "She is who she is and she is still that person. But now she's got a new direction, a new focus and she feels she's been given the chance to really make something of herself now." What this comment could suggest is the character has become a mother once again during her time away from the show and with two children in tow, she wants to be able to provide for them. The new direction could be becoming a single mother of two whilst also standing up as a strong, independent woman. The soap star continued: "Nicky has got fire in her belly to make this work but she still has that self-doubt and the concerns and the worries about her previous life." Kimberly also touched upon the fact her character did once have feelings for Daniel and she discussed whether her alter-ego still feel the same way. "I think she has a lot of gratitude towards Daniel. It became more about the two finding themselves and using each other as a springboard to get them to that than it was about love. "There was definitely something there but they both had more important things going on than finding love or developing that. "They were people who needed to work individually," she added. "I assume we're both now in a better place personally so what that looks like for them both, I don't know," Kimberly explained. "But, there is definitely something between them and that was undeniable but it was first and foremost their friendship which was very clear." Although there might not have been anything romantically for them at that time, they could still be left with the result of their actions. Nicky could be proud to be the mother of Daniel's child and her admiration for him means she would never try to stop him from seeing the baby. But how will Daniel cope with trying to look after two children? Coronation Street currently airs Mondays, Wednesdays at 7:30pm and 8:30pm and Fridays at 7:30pm for an hour on ITV.