Reporter John Berman was discussing the conditions with Chernihiv mayor Vladyslav Atroshenko as the city is currently under siege from Vladimir Putin’s Russian forces. “We will hold on for as long as necessary until our victory”, said Mr Atroshenko, “we will push the occupiers away.” The continuing response from Atroshenko was cut off as the sound of a nearby explosion overpowered the audio.    “Mr Mayor, what was that?” asked a concerned Berman in wake of the blast. Mr Atroshenko confirmed the interviewer's fears: “You have just heard an explosion”. The Mayor remained adamant the sound was not from Ukrainian forces. “Something has flown in to attack”, explained Atroshenko, “this is something from the enemy’s side”. The northern city of Chernihiv in Ukraine has been under siege by the Russian military since the end of February.    The city has been targeted by Russian forces as it is positioned between the Russian border and the Ukraine capital of Kyiv. In the ongoing month-long attack, the city, which holds a population of around 285,000, has been devastated by violent Russian airstrikes. When asked about his personal safety following the explosion, Mr Atroshenko stated “absolutely nowhere is safe in the city”. Destruction spreads throughout Chernihiv, as Atroshenko explained, “the enemy is striking everywhere”. Read More: Putin backs down as he claims to 'drastically cut' military activity    As the city came under siege, much of the population fled, seeking safety in distant areas of Ukraine and refuge in neighbouring European countries. The damage caused to the area has left the majority of remaining citizens without essential supplies including food, electricity and gas. Atroshenko argued that Russia intends to harm the population and Putin's forces are deliberately targeting civilians. “It is deliberately aimed at the civilian population, they are exterminating civilians.” Don't Miss:Russian soldiers in Ukraine panicking: 'What have we got into' [REPORT]Chernobyl horror as Putin troops inhaled 'clouds of radioactive dust'  [VIDEO]Ukraine conflict batters confidence in German economy [INSIGHT] These claims of civilian-focused attacks appear to be supported by the damage caused to thousands of homes and residential areas. Hospitals and schools within Chernihiv have also been targeted in Russian airstrikes, causing serious infrastructure damage. Atroshenko highlighted that attacks on the city “are blanket fire” with no real precision, meaning Russian forces are willing to attack anywhere in the city rather than specifically target buildings. The lives of Chernihiv citizens remain in peril as the siege on the city enters the second month of the ruthless Russian invasion.   