Ethan Dennis from Portsmouth took a flight to Rzesz in Poland then crossed the border into the war-torn country with other Brits he met at the airport. The 21-year-old is now back in the UK after 10 days of fighting. He says that upon arriving in Ukraine, the "soldiers" were bundled into a van and driven to Lviv where they collected their gear and were assigned a safe house. After three days, the group was surrounded by a Ukrainian special forces team which had been informed by a local of their position. Ethan said: "At the safe house we were treated really well with comfy beds and good food. "But we believe a civilian informed the Ukrainians about our foreign uniforms which raised suspicion amongst the higher ranks.  "The team burst through the door and told us to put our hands on our head whilst they checked our documents and verified our stories. "One of our squad even had a gun put to his head when he refused to follow one of their instructions. "They had their safety [mechanism] off and their fingers on the triggers. It was an intense moment for us. "Once they realised we were there to help they left us alone."  READ MORE ABOUT PUTIN'S HQ COMING UNDER ATTACK Ethan and his friends later took a train to Kyiv in a bid to see more action. He claims that on the journey the group helped police detain a suspicious man making calls to Russia. Ethan says the suspected spy was arrested and taken to a detention centre for questioning. When the group arrived in Kyiv, Ethan says families sleeping in the tube station stood up to applaud.  DON'T MISS: What do today's Budget announcements mean for you? [REVEALED] Entire London suburb faces being cancelled over 'colonialist' roots [LATEST] Zara and Mike Tindall's pal gives unique insight into family-of-five [REPORT] The squad was then driven to a secret location where they were briefed by a former major on how to carry out covert operations on the front line. He said: "We were thrown right into the action and sent to guard a position just outside Kyiv which was a key asset in the Ukrainian war effort." In the 10 days he spent in Ukraine, Ethan says he experienced missile strikes, mortar bombs and intense combat against Russian forces. Ethan, who says he served as an engineer in the military for four years, added: "Sometimes the Russians were so scared in contact they weren't even able to get rounds away.  "There was an obvious lack of training amongst them and a lack of motivation to be there - which we used to our advantage. "The fighting was intense and very scary at points, but I just remembered all my training and tried to take calculated risks. "It was when the objectives we were being given became too high risk and too little reward that I decided I'd had enough." He claims he was detained by Ukrainian secret police while trying to cross the border into Poland.  Ethan went on to claim he managed to persuade the officer in charge to let him go, but for the rest of the time he was in Poland he was closely followed. He boarded a flight back to London on March 19. Ethan told the Mirror: "The relief I felt when the plane left that runway is indescribable." 