In the past week, NATO members have refused Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky’s request for a no-fly zone against Russia to be imposed over Ukrainian airspace. Leaders of the alliance are concerned that doing so would escalate the war and potentially trigger all out conflict across Europe. As a non-member, Ukraine is not entitled to the same aid that a NATO country would receive in the event of an armed attack. NATO stands for the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation - a peacetime military alliance set-up in the aftermath of World War Two. Founding members included the UK, US, France and Canada. As well as being a military partnership, NATO also brands itself as a political coalition which “promotes democratic values and enables members to consult and cooperate on defence and security-related issues”. READ MORE: Russians disclose General’s death as comms broken by OWN army Militarily, it’s committed to the “peaceful resolution of disputes”, but if diplomatic efforts fail NATO has the power to undertake “crisis-management operations”. Under Article 5 of NATO’s charter, all members have a duty to come to a fellow ally’s aid in the event of an armed attack. In essence, this means military aggression against one NATO country would be seen as an assault against all 30 members. After the 9/11 terrorist attacks against the US, the alliance invoked Article 5 for the first time in its history.  The following countries are officially part of the NATO alliance:  DON'T MISS: Russia 'let down' by 'appalling leaders' as Putin fails in Ukraine [WATCH]Russian whistleblower warns Ukraine invasion will be a 'total failure' [INSIGHT]Wallace lays down the law to Putin after warmonger ramps up WW3 threat [NEWS] In the past week Russia has intensified its aerial bombardments of key Ukrainian cities, with several world leaders accusing Moscow of intentionally targeting civilians. Russia has denied these claims, insisting it's goal is to demilitarise and “de-nazify” its ex-Soviet neighbour. To help reduce Moscow’s influence from the sky, Mr Zelensky has asked western leaders to impose a no-fly zone for Russian aircraft over Ukraine - as has been done across the UK, US and European Union (EU). However, NATO has refused this request on the grounds that it could result in a “full-fledged war in Europe involving many more countries”. Jens Stoltenberg, the Secretary-General of the alliance said: “We are not part of this conflict. “We have a responsibility as NATO allies to prevent this war from escalating beyond Ukraine because that would be even more dangerous, more devastating and would cause even more human suffering." A no-fly zone would significantly raise the risk of war developing between NATO and Russia. If a NATO aircraft was shot down by Russia as it was enforcing this measure, all 30 members would be dragged into a conflict, which could involve the use of nuclear weapons. 