A property needs key features in order for it to sell quickly and for a higher value. Spring has always been the best time to sell a property, and that’s even more true in 2022. House prices are rising at the fastest rate since 2007, according to Halifax. Many observers are expecting the current interest rates to rise again this year, which will only encourage buyers to move home quickly and lock in a favourable mortgage rate. Property experts at Urban Village Homes have shared ways homeowners can add value to their property now. So for those thinking of putting their house on the market this spring, here are some things to consider, and some tips to encourage the offers that your house deserves. The property pros explained that “gardens” are a “tremendous selling point” for any home and “increases” house value. They said: “If you have a garden, that will be a tremendous selling point. “The value of outdoor space has only increased, and buyers will be glad to see a garden that’s ready for relaxing and entertaining. READ MORE: Property: ‘Beautiful’ garden plant that makes homes ‘more desirable’ “Set out garden furniture as if for al fresco dining, with glasses, plates and cutlery laid. “Cut your grass, trim your hedges, and tidy your flower beds.” This ensures that just like a house, the garden looks vibrant, healthy, and as versatile as possible. Space was also noted as a very “appealing” feature in a property. DON'T MISS: How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas [TIPS]Mrs Hinch fans share £1 baby product for getting rid of ants [TIPS]Orchids: The ‘trimming’ hack to keep your orchids healthy in spring [EXPERT] The experts said: “Space is appealing to everyone, so experiment with the layout of furniture to maximise the floor. “Keep décor fairly minimalist to prevent a feeling of crowding.” The property experts suggested an ingenious hack to create the “illusion” of a bigger room. They said: “Consider using mirrors to create the illusion of greater size.” Mixing textures “instantly” adds value to a property, according to the experts. They said: “By mixing textures, you instantly add an extra upmarket flair to a room. “Think of metal accessories on a wooden table, a Persian rug on hardwood floor, or silk cushions on a leather sofa. “Accent walls in a tasteful shade can help a room pop, and as long as they’re not garish, they don’t upset the neutral tones that help sell a property.” Similarly, splashes of colour against a neutral palate are an attractive focal point in a room. The property pros suggested: “Flowers, throws, and cushions tend to achieve this well. “If you can pick up a tone at various points, then the room looks especially balanced and pleasing to the eye. “For example, you could match a shade of green from a painting with the hue of a decorative tray.”