Arsenal look set to appoint a new permanent captain in the summer when Alexandre Lacazette is expected to leave at the end of his contract. Kieran Tierney and Rob Holding are currently the two other players Arteta has called upon to wear the captain's armband in recent weeks. But Arteta's best choice may be Norway international Martin Odegaard, who despite being just 23 years of age, holds bags of experience at the elite level. Odegaard was tipped as the next generational talent having made his international debut at the tender age of just 15. He went on to break numerous records as a teenager with Europe's elite clubs lining up to sign him. Real Madrid eventually won the race for his signature, but the move ended up curtailing his development somewhat. JUST IN: Arsenal star Lacazette calls out 'killer' Thomas Partey after injury  It was only with Real Sociedad in the 2019/20 season where Odegaard began to showcase his true potential before Arsenal snapped him up on loan in 2022 before making his move permanent last year. Since then, Odegaard has been an ever-present in Arteta's starting line-up with five goals and three assists in the league. His contributions have helped Arsenal move into the top four, but he's also taken on a leadership role in the dressing room. Odegaard knows firsthand the kind of pressure teenagers are under if they burst onto the scene at an early age. DON'T MISS  And the Norwegian midfielder is happy to use his experience to help the likes of Bukayo Saka and Emile Smith Rowe continue their development. “They don’t need a lot of help but of course I can give them some advice and tips about how I made sure to keep focused on football, have good people in my life," Odegaard said. “I think they’ve been through a lot already but we can talk about different experiences, I can help with that.” There have been some calling for Odegaard to become Arsenal's next captain given his current role in the team, but the midfielder admits he doesn't need the armband to take on the leadership role. “I went to Real Madrid when I was 16, I played in Norway at 15 and I’ve been to some different clubs on loan and I feel like I’ve been through a lot," he added. “That helped me to grow up and to feel more confident and to use that in a good way now. “Of course, it’s a bit more responsibility with being captain for your country but I don’t feel like I’ve changed after that. I think I’m the same person. “I would do the same things if I wasn’t the captain there and I would always try to help the team so to me that’s not the most important thing.”