Spain is one of the UK’s most popular holiday destinations and according to easyJet data, more than 30 percent of Britons want to travel there this year. In good news for British holidaymakers, some restrictions have now been relaxed. Spain has now ditched Covid testing and quarantine rules for anyone who has mild symptoms of the virus. People will instead be advised to avoid social contact for seven days and to wear a mask while outside. Spain is one of the first countries in the world to ditch quarantine for people with mild symptoms. Despite the rule change, tourists and residents are still required to wear masks indoors in Spain. READ MORE: Venice gives tourists water pistols to take on seagulls The Spanish Public Health Commission has agreed that tests will now focus on people over 60, immunosuppressed people, pregnant women and vulnerable people. They will also be reserved for vulnerable areas such as nursing homes and hospitals as well as for serious Covid cases. It will also now be up to doctors to decide whether to grant sick leave for mild cases of the virus. Spain is currently dealing with the Omicron BA.2 variant which currently accounts for just under 80 percent of cases in the Canary Islands. The Public Health Commission said: “The risk associated with this variant is considered low for the general population and moderate for the vulnerable population.” Spain has not relaxed its entry rules for Britons travelling to the country on holiday, despite scrapping isolation. British tourists will need to be fully vaccinated to travel to Spain on holiday or have a recent recovery certificate. British teenagers between the ages of 12-17 are able to enter Spain with a negative PCR test from the last 72 hours. Spain’s Costa del Sol Tourism Board recently announced that it would be focusing more attention on German tourists this year. It said that German tourists spend more and stay longer in Spain on average than British tourists. Although Britons are the largest international market in the Costa del Sol, the area is fearful of becoming too reliant on the UK. Despite the new focus, the Tourism Board said that the British market remains important to the Costa del Sol.  The Spanish Congress is expected to hold a vote on indoor masks on Wednesday March 30. Currently, tourists and residents must wear a mask in all indoor venues in Spain as well as on public transport. Spain’s Minister of Health has said that masks will be eliminated “sooner rather than later” but did not provide an exact date. Spain ditched outdoor masks in February in a bid to return the country to pre-Covid normality.