The View guest host Lindsey Granger criticised Kate and Prince William for not "taking a stand" against racism following their royal tour to the Caribbean. The royal couple have faced protests and calls to remove the Queen as head of state in Jamaica during their time abroad. Ms Granger went on to compare the Cambridges to Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. She said: "I don't think that William and Kate have ever stepped out in the way that we've seen Harry and Meghan step out on a line and take a stand. "That's problematic that they towed the line, so I don't think that we're going to get very far with these two." She added: "I don't think it would be William to do anything just because we saw that bombshell interview with Oprah, Harry and Meghan. "William was the first one to jump out and say 'it wasn't me—it wasn't racism.' READ MORE: Meghan fans fume at 'DupliKate' as Duchess accused of 'copying' style "To me, that's just disturbing because I read a Newsweek article and people in different Caribbean countries they want to be acknowledged—like seen and heard, that's the minimum. "The Royal Family paying them back probably isn't going to happen, so I'm trying to say start by seeing and hearing them is probably at least legitimate." It comes as William has denounced slavery as "abhorrent", saying "it should never have happened" as he addressed the issue following days of protests calling for reparations from the royal family. William expressed his "profound sorrow" at the forced transportation of millions of people from Africa to the Caribbean and North America - a trade which British monarchs either supported or profited from during the 17th and 18th centuries. Speaking during his visit to Jamaica with Kate, he echoed the words of his father the Prince of Wales and described the slave trade as an "appalling atrocity" that "stains our history" and he went on to acknowledge Jamaica's "pain". The Cambridges' tour of Belize, Jamaica and the forthcoming final leg in the Bahamas has prompted demonstrations and statements calling for an apology from the royal family. The future king did not say sorry, just as his father Charles had not during his trip to witness Barbados become a republic. But he praised the Windrush generation of Caribbeans who arrived in the UK a few years after the Second World War to help rebuild the nation depleted by six years of conflict. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle in podcast takeover as Harry cut out of project [INSIGHT]Jamaican MP hits out at claims she 'snubbed' Kate [VIDEO]India TV host slams Queen's past over Jamaica protests [ANALYSIS] Jamaica's prime minister Andrew Holness appeared to suggest his country may be the next country to break away from the monarchy, telling the Cambridges it was "moving on" and intended to "fulfill our true ambitions and destiny as an independent, developed, prosperous country". The Independent has reported the Jamaican government has already begun the process to transition to a republic, with an official appointed to oversee the work. Speaking during a dinner hosted by the Queen's representative in Jamaica, Governor-General Sir Patrick Linton Allen, the duke said: "Anniversaries are also a moment for reflection, particularly this week with the International Day of Remembrance of the Victims of Slavery and the Transatlantic Slave Trade." Commenting on the sentiment expressed by Charles when he attended the Barbados ceremony that saw it become a republic in November, he said: "I strongly agree with my father, the Prince of Wales, who said in Barbados last year that the appalling atrocity of slavery forever stains our history."