Arsenal defender William Saliba has been rewarded for his impressive season on loan at Marseille with an inaugural call-up to Didier Deschamps' France squad. As his stock continues its meteoric rise, Saliba could make his senior international debut during the current break. Despite joining Arsenal in a £30million deal in 2019 under Unai Emery, Saliba is yet to make his competitive first-team debut. Over the last three seasons, he has spent loan stints in France with Saint-Etienne and Nice before Marseille this term. Saliba has taken his game to a new level at Les Phoceens, making 40 appearances in all competitions. That includes starting 28 of the club's 29 Ligue 1 games, helping them to second behind Paris Saint-Germain. And his form has caught Deschamps' eye ahead of the World Cup later this year. JUST IN: Chelsea stars' agents subject of checks as FA delay release of funds He has called on the 20-year-old after Bayern Munich defender Benjamin Pavard withdrew after testing positive for Covid-19 last week, almost immediately after his inclusion. France face Ivory Coast and South Africa in friendlies on home turf over the next two weeks; the first being played at the Stade Velodrome. Saliba has earned five caps for France U21s and will be hopeful of making his senior bow in one of the upcoming two fixtures. But whether he'll debut for Arsenal remains to be seen, considering Mikel Arteta has found a strong duo in Ben White and Gabriel Magalhaes this season. Regardless, his form in France and recent call-up will only boost his valuation if the Gunners decide to cash in. But he's proving he has a bright future and is comfortably one of Europe's most promising young defenders. READ MORE: Lineker fires back at Neville after Man Utd hero slammed former club Given Arteta's successful current centre-back pairing, Saliba's role in his plans is up in the air. And he has revealed there will be discussions about his future at Arsenal in the summer once his loan at Marseille concludes. Saliba told RMC: "Before going to Arsenal, I said to myself I was going to play; I was sure. "I was wondering who I would play alongside, [but] I arrive, I play zero matches. I played for the U23s. That gave me a good slap. Things go so fast in football. I don't want to think about the future. I am going to give my all. Then there will be discussions in summer." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.