Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has a near fully-fit squad to pick from for Sunday's trip to Watford. Arsenal can move ahead of Manchester United into fourth place if they win ahead of the Red Devils' clash with rivals Manchester City at the Etihad later this afternoon. Express Sport looks at the expected line-up Arteta will pick against Roy Hodgson's side. Arteta stopped short of naming Aaron Ramsdale as the signing of the season at his press conference on Friday. But the England international would be near the top of the list for most Premier League fans. Ramsdale continues to keep Bernd Leno out of the starting XI at the Emirates. His distribution has been a little off in recent matches so Arteta will be hoping that is sharpened up for this one. TOP STORY: Erik ten Hag 'agreement' emerges as Man Utd explore appointing Ajax boss  Takehiro Tomiyasu remains the only injury concern for Arsenal. The Japan star has not played since January and continues to be hampered by a calf problem. Cedric Soares has impressed in his absence though and will continue at right-back today. Gabriel had looked solid at the back before last week's shocker against Wolves. He and Ben White will line up in the middle, with Kieran Tierney on the left of defence. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'agreement' emerges as Man Utd explore appointing Ajax boss [GOSSIP]Pep Guardiola names 'unstoppable' Man Utd player who Man City must 'control' to win derby [QUOTES]Arsenal may have next Pires and Ljungberg and now just need to find their new Henry [OPINION]  Thomas Partey and Granit Xhaka are likely to be Arteta's preferred midfield pairing if fit until the end of the season. Albert Sambi Lokonga and Mohamed Elneny are other options but not at the level of the above duo. Martin Odegaard has shone in recent weeks and started to show exactly why Arteta was so keen to sign him. However, he is in need of a goal having gone 11 games without one.  Emile Smith Rowe is back following the illness which caused him to miss the home win over Wolves. Arteta has a choice between Smith Rowe, Gabriel Martinelli and Nicolas Pepe for a starting spot. Martinelli may get the nod despite his end product letting him down last time out. Pepe is pushing for a start though following his instrumental performance off the bench against Wolves. Alexandre Lacazette was pictured in pain in training but he and Bukayo Saka are both fit for this one. Arsenal's expected XI vs Watford in full: Ramsdale; Cedric, White, Gabriel, Tierney; Partey, Xhaka; Saka, Odegaard, Martinelli; Lacazette. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 