The Manchester United board are ‘split’ on who they should appoint as their new manager in the summer. Paris Saint-Germain’s Mauricio Pochettino and Ajax’s Erik ten Hag are both being considered for the role, and there are pros and cons to pursuing either of the pair. Since the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer earlier this season, the Red Devils have been clear in how they want their next permanent managerial appointment to be a long-term choice. Having Ralf Rangnick keep the dugout at Old Trafford warm until the summer bought them the time they needed to weigh up their candidates, and it is now crunch time at the club. Pochettino and Ten Hag are the two managers most likely to become United boss, though Sky Sports have reported that there are two other coaches in the frame. Sevilla manager Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique, of the Spain national team, are also being considered. However, they report that those at the club would be shocked if their new manager is not either Pochettino or Ten Hag. But the board can’t decide which of the duo should be their no.1 target. JUST IN: Aubameyang leaving Redknapp red-faced after Barcelona heroics Pochettino is reportedly a ‘concrete choice’ because of his previous work in the Premier League with Southampton and Tottenham, showing know-how at Spurs of how he can manage a side that can compete with those currently contending for the league title on a significantly lesser budget. But there are many in the board room rooting for Ten Hag too. The Ajax boss has showcased a lot of attractive traits in the Eredivisie and his willingness to bring through young talents could prove persuasive for United. But the 52-year-old has never managed in England previously and thus it could take him time to adjust to a new league, which will influence results. READ MORE: Tottenham mind games emerge as Arsenal backed to finish in top four Given that the Red Devils have been in no rush to appoint a new manager, it would be no surprise for this decision-making process to continue until the end of the season. The club were reluctant to spend any money in January on transfers so that they had a significant budget ready for Rangnick’s successor. The German will move into a consultancy role in the summer and will be primed to explain the big issues in the squad, starting with their ageing frontline. With Edinson Cavani out of contract at the end of the season, United will certainly be in the market for a striker and scouting one that fits the new manager’s system will be of the utmost priority.