Prominent members of the Five Eyes intelligence alliance have said Kremlin insiders believe there is a medical explanation for the Russian president’s decision to invade Ukraine nearly three weeks ago. The alliance is made up of intelligence figures covering the US, UK, Australia, Canada, and New Zealand. Analyses have focused on how Putin, 69, appears in recent photos and footage, in conjunction with his behaviour towards diplomats and politicians. A source in the security forces told the Daily Mail that personal testimony from those around Putin offered the most valuable insight into the mind of the Russian president. They said: “It is only human sources that can offer you the sort of rich picture that we have of Putin’s psyche. “There has been an identifiable change in his decision-making over the past five years or so. “Those around him see a marked change in the cogency and clarity of what he says and how he perceives the world around him.” They added that this was on top of Putin not having a “negative feedback loop”, where the Russian president would not be informed on some of the invasion’s failures. This comes as former head of MI6, Sir Richard Dearlove, suggested a number of the behaviours exhibited by Vladimir Putin could correspond to a Parkinson’s diagnosis. He explained a “loss of restraint” is often linked to the disease, which affects approximately one in 500 people. READ MORE: Poland warns Russia misstep a 'game changer' pushing NATO to intervene Sir Richard emphasised, however, that much of the analysis was “speculation”, given the secretive nature of the Kremlin’s control on information about the Russian leader’s health. He told GB News: “Maybe Putin’s behaviour - maybe his rationality - is prejudiced or compromised by illness. "The best explanation, that we don’t know whether it’s correct or not, is that he may have Parkinson’s. "That certainly I’ve heard from several neurologists who say that loss of restraint, psychosis, are very common Parkinson’s symptoms." DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: One US journalist shot dead and another injured [LIVE] Ukraine map: How much does Russia control today? [MAP] Ignore the Remainers! Brexit Britain hailed by Ukrainians [REPORT] The reports have been circulating on social media, with a TikTok video of a nurse claiming Putin had Parkinson’s disease quickly going viral. Health professional @musclesandnursing posted the video - which has been viewed millions of times - featuring a clip of the Russian president making a move to greet someone else. In the clip, it appears that Putin stumbles as he puts weight on his right leg. In the video, he appears after the clip of Putin, saying: "I’m a nurse. I cannot diagnose but I do know Parkinson’s and a stroke when I see it. "Parkinson’s is under the umbrella of dementia. “He’s also probably had a stroke, as you can see with the utilisation of his right leg and the jerking lifting.” He added: "People with dementia are very, very good at covering up their dementia.” “But eventually, it reaches a point where they can't. “And if you look at what he's doing, Vladimir Putin is mentally unstable."