Cristiano Ronaldo could be a doubt for Manchester United's Premier League six-pointer against Tottenham Hotspur on Saturday. The 37-year-old missed training for a second successive day on Tuesday, inflicting further problems on Ralf Rangnick as he fights to guide United to a top-four finish. Rangnick caused a surprise on Sunday afternoon when his matchday squad to face Manchester City didn't feature Ronaldo. It soon came to light that he had suffered a hip flexor injury in the build-up and had missed the training on Friday. Ronaldo has unsurprisingly been identified as one of the dressing room leaders at United this season. Still, he wasn't present at the Etihad Stadium as Man City romped to a 4-1 victory. The Portugal international had flown to his homeland in the hope that warm weather would aid his recovery, and he returned to Carrington with the rest of the squad on Tuesday. JUST IN: Man Utd forced into Pogba action as Juventus put 'offer on the table' However, The Telegraph report that although Ronaldo was present at the training ground, he missed the main session for a third successive day. And it's uncertain whether the Old Trafford icon will partake in Wednesday's session as preparations continue for Tottenham's visit. With just three days left before Antonio Conte's side come to town, a fourth day of absence would throw the chances of Ronaldo featuring this weekend into doubt. If he's unavailable, it will leave Rangnick with a significant decision to make after his attacking experiment yielded mixed results in Sunday's derby. READ MORE: Liverpool star Salah fires warning to Brighton after wasteful showing  The German coach started without a recognised striker against Man City, leaving out-of-form Marcus Rashford on the bench. He played Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba as the most advanced players in his preferred 4-2-2-2 system, and it looked competent in the opening proceedings as United went toe-to-toe with their local rivals. But the visitors soon crumbled under the might of Pep Guardiola's electric attacking force, and it was ultimately another day to forget in this tumultuous season so far. Edinson Cavani's prolonged absence hasn't helped Rangnick's cause, and he will hope the Uruguayan can feature against Tottenham. If not, it will be interesting to see how he sets his team out in a match with enormous stakes in the bid for Champions League qualification. Spurs travel to Manchester on the back of 4-0 and 5-0 wins in the Premier League, with Harry Kane looking back to his best and January signing Dejan Kulusevski installing new life into Conte's attack. And anything other than a win for the Red Devils could prove fatal in their fading pursuit of a top-four finish as consolation in a largely-miserable campaign. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.