Amber Anderson was announced to be one of the new members of the Peaky Blinders cast last year as more details of series six were revealed. She will portray the wife of fascist MP Oswald Mosley (played by Sam Claflin), Diana Mitford who is a real-life historical figure. It is not yet known how she is going to be involved in the ongoing fight between Mosley and Tommy Shelby (Cillian Murphy) but Diana has been described as "pretty dark". WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Peaky Blinders.The BBC announced several new cast members for Peaky Blinders season six in 2021, including actress and model Anderson. She is best known for her roles as Ciara Porter in JK Rowling's crime drama Strike and Lady Anne in the film The Riot Club. Anderson also starred alongside Peaky Blinders alumni Anya Taylor-Joy in the 2020 film adaptation of Emma. She is currently working on the film Tell That to the Winter Sea which is in pre-production. READ MORE: Shane Warne dead: Australia cricket legend dies aged 52 Anderson is 29-years-old but will be celebrating the end of her 20s soon. Her birthday is on Saturday, March 5, the same weekend that Anderson makes her big debut on Peaky Blinders. So she is bound to share a celebratory post or two to coincide with the BBC period drama. Creator Steven Knight has previously teased what fans can expect from her character Diana Mitford who will star in season six's second episode. "I haven't seen a character like her in Peaky before - she certainly gives Tommy a run for his money," Knight told Digital Spy. "She challenges him in a different way basically. She's certainly not a protagonist and I don't know if she's an antagonist. "It's similar to Mosley… she has a similar ideology, and that's challenging for any character, like I've said before. "They don't have guns or a gang, but they have an ideology that's like a virus and it's more dangerous than anything." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up [CANCELLED]Peaky Blinders set goes up in flames as firefighters tackle blaze [INCIDENT]Peaky Blinders: Tommy Shelby's plan to destroy Michael Gray exposed? [THEORY] Anderson won't be the only new face introduced in the second instalment either. Actor James Frecheville is going to appear as Gina Gray's (Anya Taylor-Joy) Uncle Jack. He has previously starred in the film Animal Kingdom, as well as series The Pursuit of Love and Requiem. Actor Tom Hardy is going to be making a comeback as Jewish gangster Alfie Solomons too. The second episode of Peaky Blinders' final series is called Black Shirt. Its synopsis reads: "Tommy gets involved in a power game with fascists, freedom fighters and Boston gangsters. "As the players plan to double-cross him, Tommy visits an old ally in Camden." Peaky Blinders season 6 continues every Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.