Founded by Prince Harry in 2014, the Invictus Games is an international sporting event for wounded, injured, and sick servicemen and women, both serving and veterans. This year’s Games are held from April 16 to April 22. Appearing in a video posted on the Invictus Games’ Twitter page, Prince Harry asks members of the Netherlands team how to say a few words in Dutch. The team members are all wearing orange, while Harry wears black. But, at the end of the video, the royal opens his jacket to show off an orange top underneath. He also puts on an orange hat and sunglasses. The Prince looks at ease in the film and seems to be having “fun”, according to a body language expert. Judi James said: “This is probably Harry in his very best place, promoting the Invictus Games while popping a bit of the old-school fun version of Harry in there for good measure. “The action might look and sound a little scripted as Harry pretends to be learning the language like a beginner, using a knuckle-point to suggest he’s genuinely trying to get it right on first hearing and ramping up the adorability factor as he does so.” Harry asks the Dutch team mates how to say, “good afternoon, you have done a great job”, in their language.  The Royal also says, “thank you, see you soon in The Hague”, before the video comes to an end. This year’s Invictus Games will be taking place in the Dutch city. Judi went on to say how Harry is acting like a “comic” in the video and has “banter” with the Dutch team members. She also claimed the video was not at all spontaneous, saying: “The whole thing looks about as spontaneous as his juggling in the background moment in Meghan’s video but that’s not the point. “This is Harry prompting some of the banter that he loves with military people and having a great time acting like a comic and performing the important point to camera while promoting one of the worthiest of causes. “As always with Harry there will be controversy following behind, with questions being asked about his grandfather’s memorial service, but this emphatically upbeat performance suggests those comments aren’t even touching the sides. “Harry looks totally focused on the cause he loves here and supporting the people he cares about.” Royal fans were quick to comment on Harry’s appearance in the video, with many praising him. Twitter user Pagan Trelawney said: “He always puts a smile on my face.” Mimi wrote: “Prince Harry has dedicated his life’s work to advancing causes that he is passionate about. Founder of the Invictus Games, a platform for wounded, injured and sick service personnel to use sport as part of their rehabilitation. Respect to Prince Harry and the Invictus family.” Marie Claire commented: “Absolutely brilliant. Love it and looking forward to watching the Invictus Games. Love that Prince Harry is still as goofy as ever.” Sandra Rappe added: “Orange is definitely his colour. Harry is fabulous!”