Showrunner and the driving force behind Netflix and Shondaland's hit period drama Bridgerton, Chris Van Dusen recently divulged that filming in the UK came with its challenges. Chris and many of the show's cast and creatives attended the show's world premiere at the Tate Modern in London on Tuesday March 22, giving fans a tease of what to expect from the next instalment of the ground-breaking show. Bridgerton season one was a chart-topper, having reached the coveted number one spot on Netflix's most-watched list in many countries. Launching on Christmas day 2020, fans have had to wait 15 months to find out what happens next. While at the premiere event, Chris said: "Where do I begin? "There are so many people I want to acknowledge tonight, but I think I will keep this short and sweet. Read More: Coronation Street matriarch Aggie Bailey dead as Abi Franklin blames her for losing baby? "And I just want to start by saying thank you to everyone who had a hand in making what is still at this very moment Netflix's biggest English language series of all time. "I don't think I will ever get over that fact; I'm so beyond humbled by that fact." Like many TV shows and films, the second season of the show was halted due to the pandemic, making the filming process more difficult once production began again. Continuing with how the show would not have been a success without everyone who contributed, he said to Express.co.uk and other press: "[Those] who found themselves right in those trenches, putting all of themselves into the series, day after day, night after night.   "Those long nights spent well into the early morning hours and all those spectacular balls, weathering all of those constantly changing British forecasts from rain and something even hail. "There has certainly been nothing easy about making this series, but we did it together." He thanked everyone involved stating that their talent and dedication were "astounding" and that he had "never seen anything like it". He concluded: "This evening is about the obscenely gifted actors, writers, producers and literally hundreds and hundreds of skilled artisans that made this show into the worldwide phenomenon it has become. DON’T MISS…Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose glaring error with Jimmy’s season 3 fall [LATEST]Coronation Street 'double exit' as Nick Tilsley 'splits' from Leanne Battersby [SPOILERS]Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star will join CBS drama in new role [LATEST] "Thank you from the bottom of my heart. Thank you to Julia Quiin for these wonderful books, thank you to the studio and thank you to Netflix for all the support they have given us ever since day one." He gave a nod to how Covid had meant that they were unable to celebrate in such a way with season one and how everyone should "party their asses" off at the gala event. Season two is airing a few months after the original season debuted, but the trailer already has fans sitting at the edge of their seats. Based on the books by Julia, the second season will highlight Lord Anthony Bridgerton's (played by Jonathan Bailey) search for a wife. Also, with Daphne Bridgerton (Phoebe Dynevor) happily wed to Simon Basset (Regé-Jean Page), Eloise Bridgeton (played by Claudia Jessie) is now the eldest daughter, and she is to look for a suitor. The trailer also shows that Lady Whistledown/Penelope Featherington (Nicola Coughlan) has a busy summer of secrets ahead of her. Bridgerton season one is available on Netflix, with season two airing on March 25. 