PlayStation 5 consoles have been around since late 2020, although it's not like many people have been able to get hold of one. Fortunately, there's good news for EE customers, as the retailer restocks the PlayStation 5 in the UK. While you do have to be an existing EE customer in order to take advantage of the deal, it's worth noting that you don't actually have to pay for the console upfront. Needless to say, it's first come, first served, so you'd better hurry if you want to bag a console. EE explains more: "Today, EE has announced it is offering a limited number of PlayStation 5 consoles to eligible pay monthly customers whilst stocks last. "The next-gen console is available on Add to Plan, which spreads the cost across 11 months, interest free. "PlayStation 5 consoles are available on a first come first served basis via My EE on the EE Website or the My EE app." If you don't manage to get a PS5 through EE, you may have more luck taking part in Sony's latest PlayStation 5 giveaway. The Treat Codes competition challenges fans to discover a set of unique codes that will appear online. "Starting today, a series of 14 unique codes resembling PlayStation controller inputs will appear online, on social media channels, and in unexpected places around the world, such as high-profile events involving sports, gaming, film, and music. "Each code you find will provide you with an opportunity to enter and win a PS5 console, which means finding every code will give you 14 opportunities to enter the contest. "The steps to enter are simple: find a code, input it correctly on the Treat Codes page on PlayStation.com after signing up, and compete to win by answering a question. You’ll have until 10am PST on March 7 to find and input codes and answer the questions for an opportunity to enter and win a PS5 console." PlayStation 5 shopping tips when buying from GAME... • Get familiar with the bundles, so you know which one to target first: Obscure bundles are easier to get, standalones almost impossible. [GAME] • When alerted, click through to your first bundle of choice as quickly as possible, this will get you into the queue. [GAME] • If it says it's failed when trying to checkout, it means that bundle is now OOS. So go back to the bundles and pick another one. [GAME] • Checking out too much too quickly will give you a 30-60 second timeout, so don't rush it. If this happens, just wait a bit then try again. [GAME] PlayStation 5 general shopping tips... • Login if you already have an account with the retailer. • Use multiple devices wherever possible - desktop browser, laptop, tablet, smartphone. • If the retailer has a dedicated app, download and use the app for purchasing a PS5. • Sign up for retailer stock alerts where possible. Sites like ShopTo allow users to register interest. • Follow stock checker accounts and websites, including PS5 UK Stock and Express Gaming.