In a televised speech on Tuesday, Iran’s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said the “root cause” of the war in Ukraine was Western “meddling” in the country. He noted that, while Iran wants the war in Ukraine to end, he believes that it is rooted in the policies of the United States and other Western powers. Ayatollah Khamenei accused the “mafia regime” in the US of creating many crises around the world and interfering in other nations’ affairs by forcing regime changes and installing pro-West leaders. Iran’s leader claimed Ukraine has fallen “victim” to such policies which had dragged it into the current crisis. Iran’s leader said: "The root cause of the Ukraine crisis is the US and the West's policies. "The United States regime is a crisis-creating and crisis-living one. It feeds on crisis.” He added: "Political mafia, economic mafia, arms-producing mafia; different types of mafias that control and lead the policies of the country and actually control the country.” Ayatollah Khamenei accused Washington of meddling in the "internal affairs of the country, setting up demonstrations against the governments, creating velvet revolutions, creating colour coup d'etats". He said: "In my opinion, today Ukraine is also the victim of such policy. Today, the Ukraine situation is related to this US policy. The US has dragged Ukraine to this point.” He did not mention Russia once in the hour-long speech. Ayatollah Khamenei said that the situation in Ukraine highlighted that Western powers cannot be trusted. Citing the US-led chaotic withdrawal of Western forces from Afghanistan in August 2021. He said: “Support by Western governments for administrations and politicians that have been installed by them is a mirage.” Iran’s leader said that popular support was of utmost importance for stability and claimed that the current crisis in Ukraine was a result of Ukrainian people not fully supporting their government. He added that Iran was “in favour of stopping the war” and called for civilians’ lives and infrastructure to be spared. READ MORE: Putin CUT OFF as shipping giant joins boycott He said: "We are against war and destruction, anywhere in the world." “We are against killing people, the destruction of people's infrastructure". The leader’s comments are in keeping with Iran’s stance expressed by President Ebrahim Raisi last week in response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. President Raisi was one of the first world leaders to speak to President Putin after Russian troops entered Ukraine last Thursday. In the phone call, President Raisi echoed Putin’s own anti-NATO rhetoric and claimed that the alliance’s expansion eastwards presented a “serious threat” to the security and stability of independent countries. He said: “I hope what is happening will end up to the benefit of nations and the region.” DON'T MISS:Truss crushes Belarus as UK directly targets officials with sanctions [BREAKING]Ukraine war LIVE: Brussels bottles it as biggest Russian bank saved [LIVE]Putin nuclear warning as Russian leader tipped to drop bomb near UK [LATEST]  Iran’s foreign ministry has repeatedly claimed that the war in Ukraine is “rooted in NATO”. Relations between arch-rivals US and Iran have been severed since April 1980 and have soured in recent years. The two countries are currently engaged in indirect negotiations in Vienna to salvage the 2015 nuclear deal which Washington withdrew from in 2018 under former president Donald Trump. Russia is a major player in the talks to curb Iran’s nuclear programme, which are said to be nearing their final stage. Meanwhile, Russia and Iran are reportedly looking to expand bilateral ties including the renewal of a 20-year cooperation accord which was discussed during a Kremlin visit by President Raisi last month.