Studies have found out that horse racing fans backed Rachael Blackmore incredibly heavily in 2021 - but it's Paul Townend currently being most strongly tipped to rule supreme at Cheltenham Festival next week. Blackmore enjoyed an incredible 2021 that saw her pick up a whole host of individual awards including BBC Sports Personality's World Sport Star of the Year. The 32-year-old was the stand-out jockey at Cheltenham last year as she racked up six wins from the 28 races across four days, including a Champion Hurdle triumph on Honeysuckle. The Irishwoman also became the first female rider ever to win the Grand National at Aintree aboard Minella Times. And to celebrate International Women's Day, Irish bookmakers Paddy Power have taken a look into the numbers behind Blackmore's phenomenal last 12 months ahead of Cheltenham's return. Staggeringly, almost half of the punters to put a bet on horse racing in 2021 backed a horse ridden by Blackmore. To be precise, 44 per cent of Paddy Power customers put money on a horse on which the Tipperary-born jockey was riding in 2021. But despite her phenomenal record-breaking success last year, it is Townend - a two-time Cheltenham Gold Cup winner with 15 race wins at the festival overall - who is the favourite to be top jockey this time around. Townend is 4/6 to rule supreme at the four-day meet having won the Gold Cup in 2019 and 2020 with Al Boum Photo. In 2021, the 9/1 Minella Indo ridden by Jack Kennedy was the winner, with Blackmore second aboard A Plus Tard and the Townend-ridden Al Boum Photo coming in third. Still, Blackmore is still 9/2 on to be the leading jockey at Cheltenham this year, with one in five backing her to beat hot favourite Townend. She is the odds-on favourite to win the Champion Hurdle on Tuesday March 15 with Honeysuckle the best-backed horse for the entire festival as it stands. A spokesperson for Paddy Power said: "We've always said that Rachael Blackmore stood head and shoulders above the rest. "That’s why we erected a 25-foot-tall 'Fearless Jockey' statue back in 2019 at Cheltenham. "Obviously we grossly underestimated how much damage she would do to us bookies on behalf of punters in the meantime. "According to the betting trends we've unearthed for 2022, if she repeats anything close to her success last year, we'll be in big trouble." The 2022 Cheltenham Festival begins on Tuesday March 15 and ends on Friday March 18, when the prestigious Gold Cup will take place. You can find all the latest odds on Cheltenham on the Paddy Power website.