Dr Tim Rideout responded to a post on social media about remarks Ms Patel made citing concerns over a potential “back door” route for Ukrainian refugees entering the UK from Ireland. Irish Taoiseach Michael Martin confirmed last week that the home secretary told Dublin she was concerned that the country’s welcoming policy towards Ukrainian refugees would allow them to reach the UK easily. Reacting to the news on Twitter, Dr Rideout, a Lothians member of the SNP Policy Development Committee, wrote: "So how do we send this person back to Uganda? Clearly hasn't a shred of humanity. Mind you, maybe the new proposed refugee centre on St Helena might avoid inflicting her on anyone. Can compare notes with Napoleon's ghost." Dr Rideout has been suspended from the SNP and is reportedly pending investigation. A spokesman for the SNP said: "This tweet is offensive and disgusting. "The national secretary has been made aware and is looking into this." His comments have also been condemned by opposition politicians. Tory MSP Donald Cameron called his attack on Ms Patel “completely beyond the pale”. He said: “To make such a racially-charged remark like this is totally unacceptable – it has no place in civilised debate." Speaking before the suspension was announced, he added: “As well as issuing an unreserved apology to the Home Secretary, Tim Rideout should consider his own position. “Equally, Nicola Sturgeon must reassess his role and influence within her party immediately, or risk turning a blind eye to this kind of behaviour. “The First Minister must send a clear message that appalling remarks such as this have no place in our political discourse.” Labour’s Shadow Scottish Secretary Ian Murray MP also condemned the comments as “outright racist”. He said: “These are truly horrendous and outright racist remarks from a key advisor to Nicola Sturgeon. “While I am no supporter of Priti Patel, nobody should be subjected to this kind of out and out racism. It has no place in Scotland.” READ MORE: Horror as enormous tanker sinks off Iran with 30 crew on board  He continued: “Nicola Sturgeon must suspend Tim Rideout’s membership of the SNP and remove him from his advisory positions immediately. “I also hope Police Scotland takes action.” Alex Cole-Hamilton, the leader of the Scottish Liberal Democrats, said: “Mr Rideout is an influential figure in the Nationalist movement, which makes this nakedly racist broadside all the more serious.” When asked whether the SNP would be cutting ties with Dr Rideout, a spokesperson for the party said: “The National Secretary has been made aware and is looking into this.” The Home Secretary has not responded to the comments. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Desperate Putin backed into corner [LIVE]UK to bask in sun as Britain set for hottest day of year THIS WEEKEND [BREAKING]Andrew Neil in brilliant assessment of Vladimir Putin's mental state [LATEST] Reports of Ms Patel's concerns about Ukrainian refugees reaching the UK by the “back door” from Ireland sparked outrage when they emerged earlier this week. An anonymous briefing from a UK government source on Tuesday suggested that Ukrainian criminals could take advantage of the Anglo-Irish common travel area to gain access to mainland Britain. The claim was blasted as “disgraceful” and “absolutely terrible” by the Irish government on Wednesday. Addressing the Irish Parliament, Taoiseach Mr Martin said that justice minister Helen McEntee had pointed out to home secretary that Ireland was part of the response of the whole EU, which has waived visas for Ukrainians fleeing Vladimir Putin’s murderous assault on their homeland. He said: “That continues to be our position in respect of prioritising the humanitarian response, above and beyond anything else.” Ms Patel was subjected to another racist attack in 2021 when two men admitted to sharing a racist Snapchat video targeted at her following a Covid briefing.