Mould can grow nearly anywhere, with different strains favouring a range of environments. Many of them may find a place in private and public residences, where they endanger both structures and health. Thankfully, no matter the type or location, people can take steps to prevent mould build up. Two cleaning experts have shared the best way to clean mould and how to avoid it growing back. Nicholas Donnithorne, UK Technical Services Manager at Rentokil Property Care spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk on how moisture is the most common cause of mould. He said: “A common cause of mould is condensation. “There’s always some moisture in the air, even if you can’t see it and when warm air comes into contact with a colder surface and cools down quickly, it can’t hold all the moisture and tiny drops of water appear - this is condensation. “Moisture production is caused by everyday activities, from cooking to having a shower. “On average, a family of four will produce 24 pints of water vapour each day. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 6p hack to clean burnt oven door glass “What most people don’t know is that, by adding two dogs into the household, they can produce an additional 84 pints of moisture per week. “All this moisture needs to be able to escape from the property somehow, otherwise it could condense on cold surfaces.” Once it condenses that’s when mould occurs. Nicholas explained that for most mould problems are caused unknowingly by tenants or property owners themselves through lack of ventilation or drying clothes inside, rather than the property itself. He shared how condensation can be easily rectified. DON'T MISS:White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it [INSIGHT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ketchup trick to remove toaster stains [TIPS]Bedroom interior design trends to avoid - ‘can set a bad tone’ [EXPERT] Nicholas said: “More often than not, just making sure that there’s adequate ventilation in your property will solve the problem. “Though it may seem counterintuitive, especially when there’s colder weather, opening the window and allowing humid air to escape as often as possible can be really effective, particularly in bathrooms if you don’t have an extractor fan. “Other solutions to stop condensation include avoiding drying clothes indoors if possible and ensuring radiators are not blocked by furniture. “Dehumidifiers are not a fix for real problems and it should be remembered they soon fill with water before needing emptying.” Jamie Woodhall, Technical and Innovation Manager at Rentokil Specialist Hygiene also spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk on the best way to deal with mould build up. He said: “When dealing with mould in the home it's important to have a multi-faceted approach. “Unless the root cause is identified and dealt with first, then all the chemicals and cleaning products in the world won’t be fully effective. “So make sure you’ve fully assessed the issue before purchasing any products to clean it.” Jamie shared how dehumidification is the “vital” trick to treating mould. He said: “When it comes to treating mould, dehumidification of the area in question is vital, but you can also use chemicals to deal with mould that’s already established. “Using a biocidal product is key, as these typically contain an active substance that helps to remove and/or prevent the growth of undesired organisms. “When looking for an effective biocidal product, always start by taking a look at the label - it will provide information on what the product is proven effective against, and if it contains an active ingredient that is effective against mould. “Moulds and mould spores can be hard to destroy, so a product that has been independently tested and shown to be effective against them is your number one priority. “Mould growth can often occur on visible surfaces in the home, such as bathroom walls and ceilings. “Staining from mould can persist even after treatment and, in these instances, painting over the affected area once effectively treated or in extreme situations replacement of the material can be the only way to really restore the surface fully.”