Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame on Instagram several years ago when she started to share unusual cleaning tips and tricks. From removing limescale to organising cupboards, the social media sensation has gained more than four million followers in her time online. Now, fans of Mrs Hinch regularly share their own advice, including how to clean skirting boards. Asking for help on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Louise Jackson wrote: “What is the best device for cleaning skirting boards without having to be down on your knees?” Skirting boards can be prone to dust, which is sometimes hard to remove. Dusting and hoovering are popular ways to clean skirting boards, but Mrs Hinch fans recommended using a damp mop. Marie Richardson said: “I use my hoover for the dust and a mop for cleaning.” READ MORE: Flowers to ‘plant now’ for ‘vibrant’ summer blooms Claire Woodhams wrote: “Use a damp mop!” Diane Alexander commented: “A damp mop works great.” Mops with long handles can be purchased from many retailers, including supermarkets. One cleaning enthusiast explained that she managed to pick her mop up cheap from a local DIY store. DON'T MISS:Give plants a ‘boost’ using ‘homemade’ plant food - including coffee [COMMENT]‘Must have’ house feature which could add £13k to the house value [EXPLAINER]DIY couple share £100 living room transformation [PICTURES] Posting on the same page, Alice Jones said: “My mop which I use all round the house, only 88p from a shop in my village, I use it for everything including skirting boards and the floors, super easy work.” Sue Hendley wrote: “A damp mop is the only way to clean your skirting boards, it’s cheap and easy to do. “If you get one with a long enough handle, you won’t have to bend down at all and it’ll save your back.” Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended dipping the mop in disinfectant to help clean the skirting boards as well as remove any dust. Zoflora was a popular choice, which is a scented disinfectant available in many scents. Some group members suggested using a Dishmatic, a dispensing fillable and refillable washing up tool. Elle Vinall commented: “Use a dishmatic with fabric conditioner and water.” Using fabric conditioner on skirting boards can help to prevent dust from sticking to the paint. This can help them stay cleaner for longer. Hayley Lip wrote: “Dishmatic brings them up a treat.” Others recommended mixing water and fabric softener into a spray bottle and using a mop to clean at the same time. Alison Batten said: “You can use fabric conditioner in a spray bottle.” Elizabeth Phillips wrote: “Soapy water.” Sue Taylor commented: “Dilute some fabric softener and some water into a spray bottle and spray on doors, radiator and skirting boards. “Wipe off with a microfibre cloth, it smells great.”