Compost is one of the most nutrient-rich sources of food for the garden and can be used in a wealth of ways. The earthy-smelling material can help improve soil structure, keep the pH level of soil balanced and suppress plant disease. It is a gardening staple which can help plants and flowers to thrive, while also looking after the environment by reducing landfill waste. Jos Battle, founder of Ecovibe exclusively spoke to Express.co.uk about how now is the “ideal” time to start composting. She said: “Springtime is approaching and as the weather improves, it’s the perfect time to get outdoors and spend time in the garden. “Warmer conditions make it an ideal time to start composting, as the essential microorganisms needed for the perfect compost begin to increase activity. “Not only does home composting save you money, but it is also a brilliant way to help the environment and encourage biodiversity within your garden.” READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it Jos explained how “essential” it is for gardeners to compost. She said: “Composting provides essential nutrients for the soil, such as nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium, along with others which regulate the soil’s pH levels. “Valuable organisms are also introduced to soil through composting. “Creating your own compost is also an excellent way to reduce landfill waste, giving kitchen and household scraps, such as food and bamboo homewares, a second life. “It can also reduce the number of pests and diseases in your garden to help your plants thrive.” DON'T MISS:Orchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms [EXPERT]Lawn care: The ‘essential’ trick for healthy grass blades after mowing [TIPS]Peace lilies: The ‘one trick’ to help your houseplant grow ‘quicker’ [INSIGHT] The gardening guru shared the “most important” trick for achieving healthy compost. Jos said: “Arguably one of the most important tips when composting is the amount that you turn it.” The expert suggested turning it every two weeks or so to keep the compost healthy and mixed. Jos continued: “Turning your compost also allows you to aerate the pile and provide it with much needed oxygen to continue composting at a steady rate. “Simply do so using a pitchfork or shovel. “Alternatively, get your hands stuck in and turn it with gloves on.” Twigs and straw are great to use as a base for compost Jos said: “Placing twigs and straw at the bottom of your compost heap will provide a good solid base, as well as encourage microorganisms and worms to enrich your compost. “The straw will act to fill in the gaps left between the twigs too to keep the other contents secure. “Make this layer a few inches deep to aid drainage and help with aerating the pile.” Also, it is important to alternate between moist and dry materials for compost. Jos added: “It doesn’t matter which you start with but ensure that your layers alternate between wet and dry materials so that moist layers don’t cluster together.” Dry ingredients include items, such as straw, leaves and sawdust. Whereas moist ingredients are things such as food scraps, tea bags and more. Adding manure to any compost heap will help speed up the process, as nitrogen within manure is needed to activate it. For an eco-friendly option, Ecovibe recommended using “green manure”, such as grass cuttings and clover or buckwheat.