Prince Charles and Princess Diana got married in front of millions of worldwide royal fans in July 1981. After two children, the couple went on to divorce in 1996 and it wasn’t until 2005 when Charles went down the aisle once more with Camilla Parker Bowles. The two women the Prince of Wales married are extremely different, and Express.co.uk spoke to Inbaal Honigman, celebrity psychic and body language expert about Prince Charles’ compatibility with Diana versus Camilla in terms of their astrological charts. Inbaal said: “Interestingly, both Camilla and Princess Diana are Cancerians; a warm, loving and romantic water sign, devoted to family and the home. “Prince Charles himself is a Scorpio, a quirky water sign - also loving like Cancer, but more quirky and unique. “A good amount of compatibility will stem from both sides of the relationship being watery.” She explained: “Camilla, Prince Charles and Princess Diana are all wonderful parents, putting their families first and caring for their children before anything else. This is where the water element expresses itself. “But their astrological charts could not be more different.” READ MORE: Inside Kate and William's idyllic Kensington Palace gardens The expert revealed: “Diana's main signs are: sun in romantic Cancer, moon in humanitarian Aquarius, ascendant in adventurous Sagittarius. “Here is a lady who was born for adventure - not one to walk an ordinary path, had she been born to a regular family, she may have found herself working in the charity sector, homeschooling her kids on a houseboat. Or a digital nomad covering human interest stories. “Giving up the monarchy won't have been a hardship for her, but disbanding her family was a huge deal. “Camilla's main signs are: sun in family-loving Cancer, moon in romantic Cancer, ascendant in regal Leo. “So this is a person who is all about parenting, family days out, the home, displays of affection and little in-jokes. DON'T MISS...'Just stunning': Kate Middleton wears £940 SportMax green coat [PICTURES]‘Out of place’ Harry ‘unconsciously feeds off Meghan’s confidence’ [COMMENT]Beaming Queen seen for first time since Covid diagnosis [NEWS] “A double Cancerian will solve any crisis with a little nap and a bowl of stew. “Her Leo ascendant shows us that life as Queen would be fine for her one day,” Inbaal continued. “Even though her preference is for a simple life, with Leo rising, she can handle the challenged of palace life.” So what about Prince Charles? Inbaal said: “Charles's main signs are: sun in passionate Scorpio, moon in dutiful Taurus, ascendant in Leo, the lion - King of the Jungle. “Prince Charles was born and raised knowing that the monarchy would one day be his. “Taurus, his moon sign, feels comfortable with routines and protocols, and his Leo ascendant is certainly a big help with accepting life in the public eye. “But Scorpios do things a little different to others. As King, he is likely to break some traditions and replace them with others. “As a husband - same. Unpredictable paths are his norm,” she added. So who is Charles more compatible with in terms of the stars and astrological charts? Inbaal said: “In terms of compatibility, there are pros and cons in both the Prince's marriages. “The positives are his natural water connection, as a Scorpio, equally compatible with both Cancerian wives. “However, his practical and direct Taurus moon would clash with Diana's creative and gentle Aquarius moon. “Similarly, sharing his Leo ascendant with Camilla is no advantage, as Leos are leaders, and two leaders in a relationship is one too many. “Maturity, life experience and the changing times make Charles' second marriage more successful than the first. “Camilla, with her domestic planet Venus in crowd-pleasing Cancer, is more peaceful at home, than perhaps Diana was, with her Venus in the more stubborn Taurus,” Inbaal added.