The Formula One season will soon get back underway, with teams currently in the middle of the final pre-season test. Max Verstappen is the reigning world champion and will seek to defend his title after recently being handed a mega-money contract extension by Red Bull. The Dutchman pushed Lewis Hamilton all the way last year and controversially won the title on the last lap of the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. As well as the backing of his former Formula One driver father Jos Verstappen, the Red Bull star will also be supported by his girlfriend. Verstappen has been dating Kelly Piquet since the end of 2020, with their relationship continuing to bloom ever since. The duo announced their relationship with an Instagram post at the start of 2021, as Verstappen posted a picture of them together on a beach. “Happy New Year everyone. Let’s make 2021 a year to remember in many ways. Wishing you all success, love and happiness just as I found mine,” Verstappen wrote as the caption. JUST IN: Verstappen makes feelings on gold shoes clear ahead of Hamilton scrap Piquet is the daughter of three-time F1 world champion Nelson Piquet, with Verstappen meeting his girlfriend’s legendary father towards the end of last season. But in typically bullish mood, Verstappen, who at the time was trailing Hamilton in the standings, insisted that they did not discuss Formula One. “We didn’t talk about it because I don’t need advice,” Verstappen said. “I know what to do in the car and I don’t have to ask anyone. Better to spend some time with the family.” DON'T MISS: Hamilton ‘would have preferred Bottas to stay’ as Russell awaits (REPORTS)Coulthard explains how Verstappen will react after new Red Bull deal (INSIGHT)Lewis Hamilton calls Max Verstappen a 'bully' in unseen footage (NEWS) Kelly Piquet has forged a successful career away from her successful father though, studying at university in New York. She is also a model, posing for PatBO and Lucas Boccalão, as well as featuring in several catwalks. Piquet regularly posts skimpy pictures of herself to her 800,000 followers on Instagram, as well as frequently showing an insight into her relationship with Verstappen. Verstappen is not the only Formula One star who Piquet has dated though, with the Brazilian having also had a three-year relationship with Danil Kyvat. Kyvat raced for Torro Rosso, Red Bull and Alpha Tauri during his six-year career in the pinnacle of motorsport. He began dating Piquet in 2016, with the couple having a daughter together before they split at the end of 2019. Verstappen is happy to play the role of step-father to Piquet and Kyvat’s daughter, regularly posting photos of her on social media. The Dutchman will begin his title defence at the Bahrain Grand Prix a week on Sunday, before travelling to Jeddah for the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix seven days later.