Robert Cassidy, 31, was caught with crack cocaine and heroin in a safe in his former home and was summoned to appear in court. However, he failed to turn up and a bench warrant for his arrest was executed at a different address in Burslem, Stoke-on-Trent.  A court heard yesterday Cassidy was caught with more drugs at the property and he was arrested. The defendant was jailed for three years after pleading guilty to possession with intent to supply Class A and Class B drugs. Jailing Cassidy at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court, Judge Paul Glenn said: "You would buy £120 worth of Class A drugs and sell them on for £400. "It’s not a one off. We are not talking about the odd joint. "You were making a lot of money. You weren’t working and your benefits had been stopped." Cassidy's girlfriend had no idea about the crimes until the police raids, reports Stoke-on-Trent Live. Hunter Gray, prosecuting, said officers found packs of white and brown powder at Cassidy's first address in February 2019 in Goldenhill, Stoke-on-Trent. "Police found a small black safe. There were six packs of white powder and nine packs of brown powder. There was a black knife with white residue," the lawyer said. "The six packs of white powder was 959mg of crack cocaine and the nine packets of brown were 1.49g of heroin. The crack cocaine value was £120 and the heroin was £180. "He didn’t work and survived on benefits of £200 a month. He spent £100 a day on cannabis. "His girlfriend knew nothing about the drugs. He stated he didn’t use the drugs and had been supplying for two to three months to fund his cannabis habit. "He would buy £60 of crack cocaine and £60 of heroin every day. He would get a profit of £280. "When officers attended Nicholas Street (the second address in Burslem) to execute a bench warrant and found four bags of cannabis. His phone was seized."  The court heard Cassidy had been using cannabis since the age of 13 as he grew up in a "rough area". Stuart Muldoon, defending, said: "Everyone in his neighbourhood was smoking cannabis. It helped reduce the pain in his back. "He did get into trouble with cannabis and was offered a way out by selling Class A drugs. He has not used Class A drugs. "The person's first time in custody is often the worst. He is going to use his time in custody wisely. He does not wish to come back before the court." 