Lifetime ISAs offer a 25 percent Government bonus, with the maximum boost a person can get each tax year being £1,000. As the tax year end falls on April 5, 2022, some may want to see if they are eligible to get the extra sum now. Lifetime ISA savers can put a maximum of £4,000 into the account each tax year, but this is linked to the overall annual ISA allowance - currently £20,000 for 2021/22. HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) calculates bonus payments on a month by month basis. It means any bonus which could be earned is calculated based on payments paid into the account from the 6th of the month to the 5th of the following month. Laura Suter, head of personal finance at AJ Bell, said: “For those planning to buy their first home, using an ISA can get them free Government money. READ MORE: Low income Britons with less than £16K in savings could be entitled to hundreds each month "With a Lifetime ISA you get a 25 percent Government bonus on the money you pay into the account, which will then go towards your first home – a rate of return that’s hard to beat." She added that for some savers, this option could "super charge" their savings pot. Addressing people saving for a mortgage deposit, Ms Suter said: "Someone planning to buy in five years’, for example, could get an extra £5,000 for their savings." However, there are several important aspects to be aware of. "Anyone considering it should watch out for a couple of things: it only works if you have at least 12 months until you plan to buy a house, otherwise it’s a no-go," she said. "And you have to be sure you’re ok locking the money away for a deposit, as if you withdraw the money for anything other than a first home or at the age of 60 you’ll pay a 25 percent exit fee.” Lifetime ISAs were first introduced in April 2017. Latest HMRC data shows 154,000 LISAs were paid into in the 2017/18 tax year, Hargreaves Lansdown reported last month. By 2019/20, this increased to an estimated 545,000. To open a Lifetime ISA, a person needs to be aged 18 to 39 and a UK resident or a Crown servant. It's possible to continue paying into a Lifetime ISA until the saver turns 50. There are various restrictions in terms of withdrawing money from a Lifetime ISA. Money in the account can be accessed without a charge if the saver: Taking money out of the account for any reason other than the three specific exceptions mean the amount withdrawn will be subject to a 25 percent charge. To use the money when purchasing a first home, several rules must also apply: