Arsenal could go head-to-head with Tottenham to try and sign Torino full-back Wilfried Singo in the summer transfer window, according to reports. Singo has been turning in impressive performances for Torino this season and is on the radar of the two Premier League rivals.     The 21-year-old right-back, who can also play as a right-midfielder, has caught the eye by contributing three goals and four assists in 25 Serie A appearances this season. His performances are part of the reason why Torino are currently 11th in the Italian top flight, having narrowly escaped relegation in the 2020/21 campaign. Singo has taken his performances up a notch, already eclipsing last season’s minutes, assists and goals tally just over halfway through this season. His efforts have not gone unnoticed, with CBS reporting that Arsenal and Spurs scouts have watched him on ‘countless occasions’. JUST IN: Newcastle make contact with goal machine as Wood faces being replaced  The two north London clubs are not the only ones taking a look at the Ivory Coast international, however. AC Milan and Juventus have also been credited with interest in him by Calciomercato. Singo is under contract with Torino until June 2023, but the Italian side’s hand is strengthened by the fact they also have the option to extend his deal by a further year. Milan enquired about his availability in January but were reportedly put off by his £15million (€18m) valuation. DON'T MISS Rangnick’s ‘dreaming’ comment must act as transfer warning to Man UtdNewcastle could repeat Kieran Trippier move for Atletico Madrid aceChelsea loan myth put to bed as table reveals team with more stars out  The club already have right-back Alessandro Florenzi on a season-long loan from Roma, which they can make permanent at the end of the season. Juve’s interest stems from former manager Andrea Pirlo, but also from Fabio Paratici. Paratici was the Old Lady’s director of football for 11 years before swapping Turin for London by joining Tottenham last summer. The 49-year-old has kept an eye on Singo for some time and could recommend him to Spurs over the summer when a squad overhaul is expected under Antonio Conte’s guidance.  Spurs already have Mat Doherty, Emerson Royal and Japhet Tanganga as options at right-back, but Conte has frequently bemoaned the lack of investment in his playing squad and could seek upgrades. According to Tuttosport, Singo is one of the players Conte has identified for a summer reshuffle. Arsenal, meanwhile, brought in Takehiro Tomiyasu from Bologna in the summer to strengthen the position, while Cedric Soares has been given a run in the side recently at right-back. But the departure of Calum Chambers to Aston Villa and the loan of Ainsley Maitland-Niles to Roma in January suggests recruitment is a possibility in the summer. 