Chelsea, Arsenal and Tottenham transfer chiefs have been given a huge boost in their preparations for the summer transfer window after comments made by Stuttgart left-back Borna Sosa confirmed his desire to join a Premier League club at the end of the season following links to the London trio last month. Injuries beset his progress in his first two seasons, however last season was his breakthrough year in a 3-4-3 system. Having earned comparisons to David Beckham and David Alaba, his form piqued the interest of Chelsea, Arsenal and Tottenham according to reports. And the former Dinamo Zagreb star has made his intentions to leave the club clear after another stellar season. "It is not the strongest, but by far the strongest league. And it is clear that the goal of every footballer is to play in the strongest leagues in the world," Sosa told Germanijak. "Definitely, I have a great desire to play in the Premier League. I can also tell you that I was very, very close to going to the Premier League in the winter transfer window. "However, the club decided not to let me go, but I received a promise that they would let me go if a satisfactory offer came in the summer. "I have a good relationship with the club and we agreed to find the best solution together. But I am still in Stuttgart, we will see in the summer what will happen." Having been linked with a move to the English capital in January, it is yet to be seen if interest will be definitively followed up by the previously interested parties. The south German side reportedly held out for a £25m fee back in January, which put Chelsea off. However, with Marcos Alonso set to turn 32 next season, Tuchel could opt for a long-term replacement for the Spaniard to provide real competition for Ben Chilwell. And the Croatian has confirmed that there is still interest in his services, although he did not disclose where it was from. "I can confirm that there is a lot of interest. A lot of people are calling me. Well, the winter transition period [transfer window] has just ended, and the summer transition period is approaching," Sosa continued. "We know that the negotiations will start earlier, in April, in less than a month. Everything is agitated, and I can say that it is time to make a new step in my career." Despite Sosa's superb performances, his side are currently 17th under manager Pellegrino Matarazzo's guidance. Die Roten currently sit four points adrift of safety in the Bundesliga, having won just four league games all season and just one since December 1. But Sosa has claimed that his performances have not affected Stuttgart's league position despite their ninth-placed finish last season. "I think I [currently] play even better than last year," he argued. "When your club is at the bottom, then it is not noticed that way. Here, with goals and assists, I was at number 10 last year, while now I have reached number 7. But, last year we were alone, and now we are in 17th place, and that says the same thing."