Bill Bailey became the oldest celebrity to lift the Glitterball Trophy after taking part in Strictly Come Dancing 2020. However, he confessed that at first he was not convinced about wanting to take part in the dance contest. Speaking to journalist Jay Rayner, 55, on Jay Rayner’s Out to Lunch podcast about his Strictly journey, Bill confessed it took a while to the idea of dancing on the show. Jay asked Bill: “Strictly. How many times were you asked prior’s to actually saying yes?” Bill explained: “At least four or five times over the years. “But what I objected to was the relentlessness of it.” Jay interrupted: “That you’d have to commit to 12 weeks. Even if you’re out in week three, you’d have to commit.” Bill explained: “I just thought, ‘I’d never be sable to commit to this amount of time. It’s ridiculous.’ “And then, of course, a once-in-a-century pandemic come along…” Bill went on to explain how as coronavirus spread in the UK, his tour was cancelled and work had stopped. He confessed: “All this work was disappearing out the door. “All the live gigs went like dominoes. “I tried doing Zoom gigs and online stuff but, you know, it’s pretty grim.” Jay then asked him whether “at this point in his career” he could have financially “ridden out the pandemic without doing anything”. DON'T MISS...'Horrible, tragic' Martin Lewis bids farewell after worrying warning [INSIGHT]'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [PICTURES]Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [INSIGHT] Bill said: “Normally I would say that is true. “But in this case, money was tight. I realised actually, things were looking pretty bleak.” Thanks to his relentless work, Bill has managed to secure an array of awards including Best Live Comic at the British Comedy Awards back in 2000. During the National Comedy Awards, which were broadcast on Channel 4, Bill paid emotional tribute to Sean Lock, who had tragically died from lung cancer last year. Bill said: “I miss our walks, actually. We used to go on walks all the time [to] talk about everything and anything. “I miss being able to just phone him up and ask him a question about something, get his advice. “That’s something which I really do miss because he was a real constant loyal friend like that. “It almost feels like I’m missing some steadying influence now that he’s not around,” he added.