As the health and fitness industry continues to boom, there are so many ways to maintain an active lifestyle - but plateau can set in quickly and your workouts can become boring. Gym access is also a major issue, but PT and former Royal Marine Commando Luke Fletcher, has found there are plenty of ways to get around the fear of a gym environment and avoiding sticking to the same routines. He told Express.co.uk that he's always been fascinated with what the human body can achieve and pushing it to the extremes in a natural envrionment is a way of testing what we are capable of. From this, he adopted a not-so-new routine that's derived from our stone-age ancestors. So that means no gym and limited equipment - perfect for those who have access to neither. It's a term he refers to as the ReWilding programme; a unique blend of strength and mobility training which restores and builds athleticism in the way nature intended. READ MORE: Sheridan Smith weight loss: Behind TV star's impressive 2 stone drop "It respects human evolution, to get superior results," Luke explained. "It challenges the brain just as much as it challenges the body. "This gives a much more holistic sense of health, and provide a much better opportunity for people to understand their own body and their awesome potential." Luke prides himself on the basis of the programme, revealing it's all about "respecting evolution" and the way the body is supposed to move. DON'T MISS...Fitness: Experts unveil exercise tip to 'extend your life expectancy' [LATEST]Dwayne Johnson abs: Diet plan for weight loss [DIET PLAN]Weight loss: Slimmer ditched 3 foods to combat her menopause [REAL LIFE] Whereas traditional gym's offer a wide range of equipment and machines, Luke notes their focus on strength could lead some gymmers astray. "The focus is too much on strength but not the correct application of movement to then use that strength properly," he said, adding that transitions of movement are also very important. "I often find when people train like this, niggles disappear, where as other regimes create injuries, we solve them." Luke, who also studied physiotherapy, realised that many training methods available today don't respect or deliver a holistic approach, something he has noticed by training clients in an outside environment. "It is the future of health," he said. "It will rescue chronic conditions and set people up for success. "People can realise what their bodies can do and that people do not have to deteriorate and be in pain - this isn't normal! "It helps people change what they believe is possible." But to many, this approach to fitness might be overlooked because of the simplicity of it. Luke revealed knowledge is key when it comes to this "fascinating emerging field of biomechanics". "People have to learn to work smarter, not just harder," he said. "It's incredibly easy to access, with maximum results from minimum hassle."