Jasmine Harman has shared her mishap while filming away for the hit show A Place in the Sun. The presenter admitted the weather had caused her some problems with her dress earlier today. Posting in view of her 102,000 followers, Jasmine shared the snaps of her in Spain. The star is currently showing house buyers around La Zenia Beach in Costa Blanca. However, the sun does not seem to be shining like it is in the UK at the moment. Jasmine could be seen being blown by the wind by the seaside. READ MORE: Emmerdale’s Samantha Giles rushed to hospital with mystery illness  Appearing in two snaps, the broadcaster pulled a grimace and she appeared to be stuck in the elements. It seemed to cause an even bigger issue to her dress, which she addressed in her caption. Jasmine penned: “Embracing the weather, even when it causes a slight wardrobe malfunction!” She added a few tags: “#atleastitsnotraining #aplaceinthewind #gonewiththewind.”   Jasmine also tagged where she got her dress from, linking to a small brand called Liquorish Online. She was inundated with responses from her followers after sharing the update. Stevewelhamclarke penned: “Love La Zenia Beach, maybe not when it’s that windy however!!” Jenny_anne_scott commented: “I live here. Yes the weather is cold wet and windy today.” DON'T MISS... 'Will miss it!' Lorraine Kelly devastated at show cancellation [INSIGHT]Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma [PICTURES]Strictly's Dianne Buswell bids farewell after time away with Joe Sugg [VIDEO]   Jan_r62 replied: “Fab! love the dress.” Lesley_snead added: “If you’ve got em flaunt em.” (sic) While Kieron.doherty penned: “Looks absolutely freezing.” Earlier today, Jasmine shared her dismay at the weather forecast in Spain as well. She posted a picture on her Instagram Stories showing how it was forecast a high chance of rain all this week.  Alongside this, she penned: “Not sure about the weather forecast… “Think it’s going to be better in the UK.” She also shared some videos from her hotel room of the rain outside. Alongside one, she wrote: “Oh what a beautiful morning.” In another video, Jasmine said: “So it’s your turn to make me jealous because it’s not that sunny!” 