 This weekend, Kremlin forces fired 30 rockets at the Yavoriv military base in Ukraine, less that 15 miles from the border with Poland. The deadly strike, which killed 35 people and wounded 134, caused anxiety across the West given its proximity to a NATO state. Today, UK Cabinet minister Sajid Javid warned that Putin would face “war with NATO” if even a “single toe cap of a Russian soldier” stepped into NATO territory. Mr Javid also accused the Russian President of committing war crimes, after a reported 31 health centres across Ukraine were struck by Russian artillery, including a cancer hospital and maternity hospital. Putin has been condemned by leaders across the West for his brutal invasion of Ukraine, however he has also waged a kind of war on his own people. The Russian leader has imposed a military-style censorship on media in Russia, despite not having formally declared a state of emergency. A law passed on March 4 banned the dissemination of any information about the war other than “official” Russian accounts, and even threatens a prison sentence of up to 15 years for those who break it. Read More: Ukraine war: Drone carrying bomb crashes into Croatian capital   Even in the years leading up to the war, however, the Kremlin had gained an increasing influence on Russian media. When Putin's head was accidentally cut out of frame by a television channel in Kaliningrad, social media users went into meltdown and even praised the station for its “courageous act”. Putin gives an address each year before midnight on New Year’s Eve, which is broadcast to each of Russia’s 11 time zones. However, as Putin sent his good wishes to the Russian people as they welcomed 2021, Kaskad TV cropped off the top of the President’s face.  The TV officials were quick to notice the error and replaced the broadcast with music, before subsequently releasing a statement insisting the mistake was a “technical glitch” and not a political protest. Kaskad TV said: “Problems with the image during the broadcast of Vladimir Putin’s New Year address were caused by a technical glitch in the broadcast room. “An investigation of the incident is ongoing. Those who are guilty will be punished. “Kaskas Media Group offers sincere apologies to the viewer.” Don't Miss:Winston Churchill's terrifying 'showdown' scenario with Soviet Russia[OPINION]Putin’s ‘weak and insecure’ after ‘strongman’ image dismantled[ANALYSIS]Putin's 'long-term strategic thinking' behind Ukraine invasion[INSIGHT]  Viewers quickly took to social media after the broadcast and facetiously labelled the glitch as a “beheading.” Twitter user Sulkhan even called the move a “courageous act”, saying: “Russian President Vladimir Putin’s head was cut off by Kaliningrad-based station Kaskad TV when broadcasting his New Year message. A courageous act!” On Friday, Russian regulators said that the country’s internet users will be blocked from accessing Instagram, as they claim it had been used to call for violence against Russian soldiers. Media regulator Roskomnadzor said in a statement that the platform is spreading “calls to commit violent acts against Russian citizens including military personnel.”  Roskomnadzor cited a tweet by Meta spokesperson Andy Stone, who said the company had “made allowances for forms of political expression that would normally violate our rules on violent speech, such as ‘death to the Russian invaders.’” Meta claimed they “still won’t allow credible calls for violence against Russian citizens”, and said that the temporary decision was “taken in extraordinary and unprecedented circumstances.” Russia had already blocked access to Facebook, limited access to Twitter, and banned news outlets such as the BBC, which was wrongly deemed to be spreading “fake” reports.  In response, big tech companies restricted Russian state media from using their platforms to spread misinformation. On Friday, YouTube said it was blocking access globally to channels associated with Russian state-funded media. It had previously blocked access to Russia Today and Sputnik in particular, across Europe.