Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started to share cleaning hacks. With more than four million followers, the Instagram sensation has turned to sharing more of her day to day life, and her fans now share their own tips and tricks on dedicated Facebook pages, including how to unblock drains. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Chantelle Hill wrote: “Can anyone help me? I’m guessing my drain pipes are blocked because the smell is horrendous when I run the tap. “What can I use to help clear it?” Drains can get blocked for a number of reasons, including objects being flushed which should’ve been placed in the waste bin. Overflowing drains are often caused by paper towels, tissues or even lots of hair. READ MORE: Heating: Why households should switch their heating off this weekend Mrs Hinch fans took to the comments to share their top product recommendations with Chantelle. Sue Compton commented: “Soda crystals are the best. They’re only about 80p and they do lots of jobs around the home, look on the packet.” Julia Hall wrote: “I use soda crystals and a kettle full of boiling water in all my sinks at least every month.” Soda crystals can help to dissolve and move along any matter which is stuck in the pipes. DON'T MISS:Laundry expert shares items which should never be put in the machine [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fan shares 99p ‘game-changing’ tip to clean toilet brushes [EXPLAINER]‘Small and inexpensive’: Hacks that could help sell your home faster [EXPERT] For those who get a blocked sink regularly, soda crystals every week should do the trick. They can be picked up from supermarkets in large bags as well as retailers like B&M. Claire Jones said: “Soda crystals all the way, you’ll be amazed.” Laura Regan commented: “Soda crystals, vinegar and hot boiled water. Leave for 15 minutes to half an hour before pouring water down.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Sue Best added: “Best trick I’ve ever known is soda crystals, crazy cheap.” Mrs Hinch fans also shared top tips for unblocking shower plug holes, which can get blocked because of hair and shower gel residue. Lisa Phillips wrote: “Anyone know of a good product for unblocking shower plugholes?” Susan Dickins commented: “Use bicarbonate of soda and vinegar, leave for 30 minutes. “Then pour boiling water. I used to own a hotel and did this on change over days.” Lisa Cassar said: “Use vinegar with bicarbonate of soda and boiling water.” Carol Rutherford added: “The two [bicarbonate of soda and white vinegar] will fizz up and then you can pour boiling water down.” Bicarbonate of soda, when mixed with vinegar, helps to unclog drains and plug holes through a chemical reaction.