The family pet managed to break away from its lead and went on to worry some sheep in Disley, Cheshire, on Sunday. After biting one under its nose and on its chin, the farmer used his legal right to protect his livestock. Police said that the dog’s owner witnessed the entire “horrific” incident, and could not get the dog to return. The farmer was then “left with no other option”. The incident was recounted by the Cheshire Police Rural Crime Team, as a stark warning to pet owners of the responsibilities of owning a dog. Sergeant Simpson described the “very sad event which has resulted in significant injury to a lamb and the death of a dog”. READ MORE: Police blast 'moron' drivers who ruin farmer's field after storm He said that a police slogan “your dog, your responsibility” was “a message we stand by”. Sgt Simpson wrote in a statement that the dog in Disley “broke free of its lead and went on to worry a number of sheep injuring one, leaving it with bite marks to its nose and under its chin. “This horrific incident was witnessed by the owner who tried to recall the dog, but it wouldn't return. “Numerous attempts were made by the dog's owner and the farmer who arrived on scene, before they were left with no other option. “Again the action taken was witnessed by everyone present and it's upsetting for all involved.” He added: “No one wants to shoot a family pet, but it's clear in law that someone protecting their livestock have this option available to them. “Ask yourself, if my dog broke free from its lead, am I happy that it will listen to my commands? Have I really got 'control'? “If you're not sure, please keep it away from livestock, even if you're using a lead.” DON'T MISS Massive US Air Force bombers take off from RAF base [REPORT] Riot police storm occupied London home of Russian oligarch [INSIGHT] Putin's threat to UK: 'I could sink your ships without a world war' [REACTION] Sgt Simpson continued: “My thoughts in general and not specific to this sad incident, is that any dog under your control should be suitably trained before opting to rely on a lead when near livestock. “Essentially, a lead shouldn't be thought of as your primary control method. “This crime of worrying livestock is being dealt with by the attending officer and those involved.” The dog in Disley is not the first to be shot by a farmer for worrying livestock in recent months. In March last year a dog in the Cotswolds was reportedly shot by a farmer after being caught on a “killing rampage” among a flock of sheep. Police released grisly images showing the corpse of the husky and several dead sheep. In April, the Henley Standard reported that farmer David Hicks shot a giant schnauzer called Freja after she ran into a field of livestock. In the same month, farmers and their insurers warned that dog attacks on livestock were reaching “epidemic proportions”. Research published by NFU Mutual found that an increase in dog ownership during the successive lockdowns of the coronavirus pandemic saw the cost of dog attacks rise by 10 percent in 2020.