Small rooms can often appear cluttered with furniture, especially if it’s a room - like a bedroom - that requires lots of storage. For those with large homes, it can be tempting to extend in order to make a room bigger. However, there are many ways to make a room appear bigger without knocking down walls. Interior designer Garry Cohn has shared how to make a room appear bigger without making major changes to your home. Garry is a former professor at the Fashion Institute of Technology and an interior expert who has over 30 years in the industry. Throughout his career, he has worked on retail, hotel, commercial and residential projects. The interior expert is originally from New York but now resides in Dublin, Ireland where he has been a presenter on hit TV series, Design Doctors. READ MORE: How to remove brown stains from a toilet - 4 ways to shift limescale Garry’s “number one tip” for people looking to decorate a room on a budget is to use paint. He continued: “Paint is not about just one colour, it’s about contrast. “The way I do things is, in every room there needs to be a focal point. “That focal point needs to be the dominant thing that draws your attention. DON'T MISSLawn: 'Simple' trick to fix brown patches in your grass [INSIGHT]Garden weeds: ‘Effective’ 29p trick to ‘banish’ weeds from your garden [UPDATE]How to clean your earrings - the 7 steps to cleaning earrings [ANALYSIS] “It’s all about the contrast of something which you paint.” Paint colours that are particularly on trend at the moment include earthy tones such as canvas, soft mohair and flat woven colours. Garry said to incorporate these colours, one of them needs to be the dominant colour set against the paler tones. For those upcycling furniture by painting it, Garry shared a unique tip to get it to “disappear” into the room and make the room appear “bigger”. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He said: “If you paint your furniture, and you want them to disappear, paint them the same colour as your wall. “Some of those pieces you’re going to put against the contrasting wall so they pop out. “Some of them will disappear and the room is getting bigger.” Another “good tip” from Garry is to paint the whole room the same colour including the ceiling, the door, the door frame and the skirting boards. “All the details are now in shadow, they’re not accents and the room becomes bigger,” he added.  Painting skirting boards, door frames and ceilings white adds a “white trim” to the room and outlines it. By painting everything the same colour, the room has a “background canvas”. “Your eye loses where it begins and ends and the ceiling looks bigger,” Garry added. “Paint is your friend. If you paint a room the wrong colour and it doesn’t look right, you can paint it back! It’s not a big deal.”