The Ofgem energy price cap is set to rise by 54 percent in two weeks, adding an average of £693 to household energy in April. Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced his Spring Statement today, with a five percent VAT cut on solar panels and heat pumps. He said: "Thanks to Brexit we are no longer constrained by EU law.  "I can announce that for the next five years, homeowners who have materials like solar panels, heat pumps and insulation will no longer pay five percent VAT.   "We will also reverse the EU's decision to take wind and water turbines out of scope. "We will abolish all the red tape imposed on us by the EU. "A family having a solar panel installed will save £1,000 and savings on their energy bills of £300-per year." But, people will still be looking for ways in which they can reduce their own energy bills further, without lowering the temperatures in their homes during the winter, or doing jumping jacks.   Speaking to Express.co.uk, Zoisa North-Bond, the CEO of Octopus Energy, gave households a key tip that could save up to 12 percent more on their energy bills – taking the total saving to almost £550. She said: “Hand in hand with rolling out low carbon source as quickly as possible, we're actually looking at things like energy efficiency measures for customers. “Almost being able to cut the amount of gas they're using at homes for instance. “One of the more successful things we've looked at that can cut as much as 12 percent in changing the flow rate on your boiler, which is the way the water flows into the radiator. READ MORE: 'Energy rich Scotland should be used to help UK!' Boris hits out “It actually doesn't change the temperature of your home at all. “Strangely enough the water comes out hotter than it needs to and it has to go through a cooling process before going into the radiator.” As per the new Ofgem price cap, those on default tariffs paying by direct debit will see an increase of £693 from £1,277 to £1,971 per year. This means that the tip suggested by Ms North-Bond can save as much as £236 on household energy bills. DON'T MISS:Putin bowel cancer speculation fuelled by ‘Moon face’ fears  [INSIGHT] Chernobyl on radiation alert as wildfires break out at nuclear plant  [REVEAL] Tutankhamun CT scan reveals 'extraordinary' detail about king's skull  [SPOTLIGHT]