Nationwide’s Flex Regular Saver is offering customers 2.5 percent interest on their savings for the first 12 months. There’s also the chance to get a cash bonus of up to £125. While savings rates have increased slightly since the last Bank of England rate rise in February, they’re not yet back to pre-pandemic levels. That said, Nationwide’s Flex Regular Saver is currently offering one of the best interest rates available. Most people are eligible but the account is better for people who won’t foresee having to make more than three withdrawals per year. However there is a catch - people who make more withdrawals than this won’t get the 2.5 percent interest rate. READ MORE: PIP replacement won't have assessments - no need to prove their ill It’s also only available for the first 12 months - following that the rate falls to 0.35 percent. Customers can save up to £200 a month but they will have to be quick as this offer is only available for a limited time. The other catch is that it is only available to customers who bank with Nationwide. However, there’s nothing stopping people from switching their current account and then opening a Flex Regular Saver. DON'T MISS:Sunak launches new inheritance tax and capital gains tax grab in April [UPDATE]Pensioners could get up to £300 for heating bills [INSIGHT]Take care when writing your will – five mistakes to avoid [WARNING] New customers will also receive £100 for switching, while existing customers could get a cash bonus of £125. Customers may have to fit certain criteria and usually have to use the Current Account Switch Service. The account can be opened and managed online via Nationwide Building Society’s banking app or through internet banking. There are no monthly fees for maintaining the account. When it comes to choosing a savings account, Britons should consider whether it needs to be an easy access account that allows them to withdraw money in an emergency. Another important factor to bear in mind is whether digital will do, or a local branch is a must. Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis recently singled out Nationwide as one of his top picks when it comes to current accounts and savings options. He also encouraged people to switch their banks if they’re not happy. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea On the MSE website, he said: “If you're unhappy with your bank, switching is quick and easy – and now's a great time to do it as six banks currently pay for your custom with up to £150 cash. “Yet you don't need to switch to get a good deal – other accounts give cashback on bills or pay savings interest.” To receive the cash bonus, customers need to switch accounts with at least two direct debits. Once complete, the bonus is paid within 10 days.