Russia wiped an entire village off the map yesterday, after smashing Yakivlivka "to smithereens" despite there being "no obvious military target" in the area. ITV's Dan Rivers said that there was "no reason" for Russia to decimate the Ukrainian village north of Kharkiv, the country's second-largest city. The shelling left at least four people dead and decimated at least 45 homes and some cars. The Prosecutor’s Office of the region of Kharkiv said the overnight bombardment “destroyed the entire village". In an emotional broadcaster, Mr Rivers explained: "This is a normal Ukrainian village, which has been smashed to smithereens for no reason that I can see of. "There is no obvious military target here. There is no garrison of troops. "There is no significant infrastructure. It just seems to be a normal Ukrainian village that has paid the price of this war." JUST IN: Andrew Neil on EXACTLY why Putin's tanks are 'waiting' outside Kyiv Natasha, a local resident in the village, sheltered nine people in her home, including young children, during the shelling. She told ITV News that she felt for the mothers of Russian troops who had been deployed to Ukraine. Natasha said: "There are all these mothers who don't understand, who don't have information in Russia about what is happening here. "Their children are being killed, they are being used as cannon fodder. "They are cannon fodder. We are cannon fodder". The small village included a school, a kindergarten, a club, a dispensary, and two shops. The brutal destruction of the village is the latest in a series of brutal and reckless moves from Vladimir Putin's forces. DON'T MISS: Raab expresses fear for Zelensky's life after assassination plots [INTERVIEW]BBC expert warns 1m Ukrainians at risk as Russia takes nuclear site [VIDEO]Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin 'blackmail' plot to 'evacuate Europe' [LIVE BLOG] Overnight, Russia shelled Ukraine’s Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant, the largest of its kind in Europe. This prompted widespread concern about the safety of Ukraine’s atomic infrastructure. British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, who spoke with Ukrainian President Zelensky, said the nuclear attack was “reckless” and a danger to the safety of Europe. On Thursday, a report from Bloomberg revealed that Russia planned to impose crackdowns on protests, detention of opponents, and even carry out public executions once they capture major cities.