UPDATE: Ahead of today's State of Play, a notable leaker has given gamers an idea of what to expect from the March 2022 Sony event. Twitter user @LeakyPanda may have got the inside track on what's getting announced during today's State of Play. And unfortunately for fans of the Final Fantasy series the insider has claimed Final Fantasy 16 won't be making an appearance. One of the biggest announcements coming today will reportedly either be more news on Pragmata or an unannounced FPS that Capcom is allegedly working on. Leaky Panda tweeted: "We have learned there won't be FFXVI news during the upcoming State of Play but Square will have a couple announcements to make. "As far as we know none of those are PlayStation exclusive." The leaker then went on to add: "Based on what we know, here's out outlook for the upcoming State of Play. "1. It would make sense Tales of Destiny Director's Cut HD is finally revealed here. "2. Capcom's new fps IP could be the biggest reveal. If it ain't ready Pragmata could show up. "3. Square won't blow your mind". ORIGINAL: Final Fantasy 16 could be one of the headline acts of today's State of Play event, while Street Fighter 6 and Resident Evil may also make an appearance. Sony has already confirmed that the March 2022 State of Play will feature announcements from "beloved" Japanese publishers, which opens the door to a whole host of reveals. The most likely of which seems to be Final Fantasy 16, with Square Enix previously revealing more news on the next mainline entry of its iconic JRPG series would be dropping in the spring of 2022. So the timing of this State of Play seems to tally up with what Square Enix has said about the next update on Final Fantasy 16. Considering development on Final Fantasy 16 is believed to be further along that many people think, with some speculating a 2022 release date is on the cards, an update in today's State of Play wouldn't be a surprise. Nor would more news on Street Fighter 6 which Capcom only recently announced. Street Fighter 6 was announced last month once the timer on the mysterious Capcom Countdown website hit zero.  Only a teaser for Street Fighter 6 has been shown so far, which revealed an older looking Ryu as well as a new logo for the game. Given how the upcoming State of Play is happening soon after the Street Fighter 6 reveal it wouldn't be a surprise to see more on the Capcom fighter announced, with a gameplay reveal one of the possible announcements. Elsewhere, fans of the Resident Evil series will surely be hoping to find out what's next.  Following the release of Resident Evil Village last year what Capcom has planned for the iconic survival horror series is shrouded in mysterious. Possible Resident Evil announcements that could be on the cards include DLC for Resident Evil Village as well as the reveal of the much-rumoured Resident Evil 4 Remake. In terms of what else could get announced during today's State of Play, other possibilities - given the focus on Japan-made games - include the reveal of Persona 6, the long-rumoured return of Konami's iconic Metal Gear Solid, Silent Hill and Castlevania series as well as a first-look at what Hideo Kojima could have planned next. 