Although it seems to have amused the audience when it was first broadcast in 2016 it would hardly deserve a second glance were it not for the fact that one of those comedians has gone on, six years later, to become one of the world’s most inspirational political leaders. What a strange thing political leadership is.  You can have people who seem to have spent their entire adult life preparing to lead their country, like Michael Heseltine or Gordon Brown, but who then flop when they realise or get close to realising their great ambition. And then you get Volodymyr Zelensky, who was thrust from a career of frivolity into the most unenviable political challenge there ever was – and yet who has emerged as one of the great political communicators of modern times. When Russian forces invaded Ukraine a month ago yesterday, few would have given Ukraine much chance of retaining its independence for more than a few days. Russia started its war with the second largest armed forces in the world, Ukraine the 22 largest. Russia, it seemed, would inevitably gain complete air domination in a few hours and quickly send in its tanks to seize the capital city, Kyiv. That Ukraine has turned into the mouse that roared – not only clinging on but leading many Russian military figures to despair at their stalled progress – is of course a tribute to all those Ukrainians who have stayed behind to fight for their country. They have shown the resilience, resourcefulness and bloody-mindedness I hope that we all might show if subjected to unprovoked attack. But no one should under-estimate the role played by their President. Two days after the invasion, Zelensky was urged by the US government to flee his country, and was offered sanctuary. He declined, and instead resolved to stay not just in Ukraine but in Kyiv, a city which many believed would fall within hours.  His secret weapon has been his sheer visibility – remarkable given that he presumably spends much of his time in a well-defended bunker. How many of us could name the Spanish PM, or pick out the Danish PM in a crowd? Yet there can’t be many of us who could not instantly name and recognise Volodymyr Zelensky. For once we have a world leader who has mastered the art of using social media to address directly his own citizens and the rest of the world. There has been nothing toe-curling or artificial about his performances: just disarming honesty and determination. While Putin won’t even sit within 20 feet of his VIP guests, Zelensky now seems permanently to inhabit a corner of our living rooms. While every time Putin opens his mouth he has people asking about his mental state; whenever Zelensky speaks he has us asking: what more can we do to help Ukraine?  Zelensky might not have the “no fly” zone for which he has consistently asked: western leaders are rightfully aware that such a move would bring them into direct military conflict with Russia, at the risk of eliciting a nuclear strike. Yet he has managed to secure everything but that. Most remarkably, he has persuaded Germany to rip up its longstanding defence policy and help supply Ukraine with arms, and he has helped inspire the formidable sanctions now imposed on Russia. One of Zelensky’s masterstrokes has been to tickle his overseas audiences where he knows they will respond. When addressing the UK parliament he paraphrased Churchill and quoted Shakespeare. When he spoke to US senators he brought up 9/11, with the Germans it was the fall of the Berlin Wall. Like any good comedian, he understands and instinctively knows how to work his audience.   There is a limit to how much more Russian forces will be able to bear of the hefty losses. I am sure that the country’s remaining generals, if not Putin himself, have turned their minds to how they might extract themselves from the mess into which they have sunk. Volodymyr Zelensky has already cemented his place in history as a leader who refused to buckle under the most savage of attacks. He has woken up our own complacent leaders to the fact that defence still matters. Sadly the West does not yet inhabit the peaceful world which we assumed would follow the end of the Cold War. Nothing demonstrates that realisation better than Zelensky’s sudden transformation from light entertainment to heavyweight leadership. 