Peaky Blinders has returned to the BBC with its sixth and final series, and next month the drama will finally come to an end. The current season has seen the return of fan favourite Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) and it has also welcomed some new faces as Stephen Graham has joined the cast as docker Hayden Stagg. However, one person missing from season six is communist Jessie Eden (Charlie Murphy). The finale of season five concluded with Jessie resurfacing to stage riots during Mosley's (Sam Claflin) speeches. The actress later confirmed she wouldn't be returning for the final series. Jessie was the leader of a group of female factory workers who were protesting in Birmingham. READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' She was inspired by the real-life historical figure of the same name and she first made an appearance in the fourth season, set in the mid-1920s. Jessie first met Tommy when she confronted him about equal pay for women in the factories. Despite being a communist, Jessie showed support for Tommy during the election, but she soon found out he was just using her. Jessie briefly appeared in season five before the actress confirmed her stint on the show had come to an end. Speaking to Digital Spy at the time of her departure, Charlie said: "I just think she was an incredible woman, and she's a bit of a spy. "There's so much. I mean, you could make a TV series about her for sure." Since her exit, it has been confirmed that Charlie will be appearing alongside The Hobbit star Richard Armitage in a new erotic thriller called Damage. The three-part Netflix series will reportedly be about obsession and desire. DON'T MISS...Carol McGiffin slams Prince Harry over safety woes 'Why's he special?' [VIDEO]Emmerdale twist as couple split following Dawn Taylor betrayal? [SPOILERS]Vera star opens up on rejection by TV bosses [INSIGHT] Charlie will also star alongside Obi-Wan Kenobi’s Indira Varma, Strangers’ Rish Shah and Chloe’s Pippa Bennett-Warner. The thriller will be adapted from Josephine Hart’s Novella, which will centre around a love triangle after Anna Barton (Charlie Murphy) embarks on an affair with her fiancé’s father William (Richard Armitage). Series six of Peaky Blinders will draw to a close in April, despite show creator Steven Knight initially claiming it would run for seven seasons. In January 2021, the show's Steven confirmed Peaky Blinders would come to a natural end after series six. In a statement at the time, he explained: "Peaky is back and with a bang. "After the enforced production delay due to the Covid pandemic, we find the family in extreme jeopardy and the stakes have never been higher. "We believe this will be the best series of all and are sure that our amazing fans will love it." Peaky Blinders airs on Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.