Peaky Blinders fans were stunned when Alfie Solomons (played by Tom Hardy) returned to the show in the finale of season five after being shot in the face by Tommy Shelby (Cillian Murphy). However, the Jewish gangster’s life may hang in the balance once again following Tommy’s latest business deal. The BBC drama confirmed Alfie would make an appearance in the final season of the series. However, showrunner Steven Knight has teased the gangster will be in a very different position this time around. He revealed: "I think it's difficult to explain without giving stuff away, but we might find Alfie in a position not quite as strong as he normally is. “And the question is, can he build himself back up?" Read more: Peaky Blinders: Shelbys destroyed as Tommy makes unforgivable mistake? Alfie’s name has already been mentioned in the current season as Tommy prepared to expand the Shelby empire. The gangster asked Gina Gray (Anya Taylor-Joy) to consult with her Uncle Jack Nelson (James Frecheville) about some business he’d like to put his way. Gina attempted to shut the Shelby brother down but was left floored when Tommy suggested an alternative. He explained if her uncle refused the opium deal, he would instead sell to the Eastside Jewish mob. This mob is run by the family of none other than Alfie which would tip the balance of power against Jack. Gina appeared defeated but Tommy’s threat may put Alfie and his family in grave danger. Tommy’s cousin and Gina’s husband Michael Gray (Finn Cole) remains behind bars after a set-up orchestrated by Tommy. Gina’s uncle is a very powerful man and would not be happy with being coerced into agreeing to a business deal. DON'T MISSPeaky Blinder icon Tommy Shelby teases imminent death?  [INTERVIEW]Peaky Blinders season 6: Finn Shelby killed in revenge plot? [INSIGHT]Peaky Blinders: Michael Gray takes over Shelby empire? [THEORY] Will he order the death of a member of Alfie’s gang or Alfie himself to prove he cannot be blackmailed? Peaky Blinders fans won’t have to wait long to see the Jewish gangster return as official spoiler pictures confirm he’ll feature in the second instalment. Meanwhile, the series opener was dedicated to Helen McCory who starred as matriarch Polly Gray. It was revealed Polly was one of the victims of the failed Sir Oswald Moseley (Sam Clafin) assassination plot. Her body was burnt in a traditional Romani caravan in a two-minute sequence of silence, where only crackling fire and crows could be heard. Despite her death, Steven told Express.co.uk Polly will still be a present figure in the series. He said: “The loss of the human being the loss of Helen is the tragedy and compared to that the loss of the character, the loss of Polly in this world is insignificant. “But we have to deal with it so I hope we've dealt with it in a respectful way and in a way that does justice to Helen and to Polly. “But as within real life when someone like that passes, they don't disappear. “They’re still around, they're still present within all the people who were left behind.” Peaky Blinders continues on BBC One on Sunday at 9pm.