The two-year-old was seriously injured in the dog attack at the house in Egdon. The little boy's family began to rush him to hospital before he was transferred to an ambulance. The toddler remains in a critical condition at Worcestershire Royal Hospital. West Mercia Police confirmed the dogs, which are not believed to be banned breeds, have been removed from the property. Officers remain at the address as investigations continue. Chief Inspector Fergus Green said “This is an incredibly sad incident and our thoughts are with the young child and his family.  “I’d like to offer reassurance that the dogs involved have now been secured and removed from the property in Egdon, and therefore pose no risk to the public. “A police presence will remain in place at both Worcester Countryside Centre and the address in Egdon for some time. “Investigations are ongoing into the circumstances of the incident. "We will provide further updates on the case as soon as we are able to.” It comes after a 17-month-girl died last Monday following a dog attack at her home in the Blackbrook area of St Helens, Merseyside. In a statement last week, Bella-Rae Birch's family thanked the community for their support. They said: "We would ask that we are now allowed some space and time to try and come to terms with the tragic loss of our much-loved Bella-Rae. "She will be sadly missed but never forgotten."  Superintendent Steve Brizell of Merseyside Police said: "Bella-Rae has lost her life in the most unimaginably terrible circumstances and our thoughts are first and foremost with the family and the wider community at this devastating time. "Our specialist family liaison officers are providing the family of Bella-Rae with support and officers will remain in the area in the coming days to provide further reassurance and support for the wider community. "At this stage we understand that the family dog they had bought just a week earlier has attacked Bella-Rae inside the family home." The force said the dog had been put down and work was ongoing to determine its breed and its previous owners.