Erik ten Hag asked two big questions during his Manchester United interview, it has been claimed. The Ajax boss has leapfrogged Mauricio Pochettino to become the club’s No 1 managerial target to replace Ralf Rangnick. And while the Red Devils have interest in Pochettino, Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui, the 52-year-old looks increasingly likely to land the role. Manchester United have interest in Pochettino, Lopetegui and Spain boss Luis Enrique as they explore permanent replacement for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, who was sacked earlier in the season. Rangnick has steadied the ship during a difficult time but results have still failed to meet expectations and the 63-year-old isn’t in the running to take the job full-time. Instead, all signs are now pointing to Ten Hag. Late on Tuesday night it emerged that United had talked with the Ajax boss about taking on the role. And, now, Fabrizio Romano has claimed the Dutchman wanted to know about their transfer budget and their plans for the future. The Red Devils have, typically, given new bosses a big amount of money in order to reinforce the squad to their liking. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz David Moyes was the only exception, with United enduring a torrid transfer window when he took over from Sir Alex Ferguson back in 2013. When Louis van Gaal took over 12 months later, the Red Devils spent sizeably on the likes of Angel Di Maria, Daley Blind, Marcos Rojo, Ander Herrera and Luke Shaw. They also drafted in Radamel Falcao on loan from Monaco, taking a £6million gamble on the Colombia international that ultimately backfired. When Jose Mourinho was given the job in 2016, he too was given big money to spend. Zlatan Ibrahimovic arrived on a free transfer but roughly £150million was spent on bringing in Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Eric Bailly and Paul Pogba from Borussia Dortmund, Villarreal and Juventus respectively. After Mourinho, Solskjaer came in. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message And, in the summer transfer window of 2019, United again spent big with Harry Maguire, Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Daniel James all recruited. Though they were more frugal in 2020 due to the pandemic, the Norwegian also received lavish backing last summer. United forked out £73m on Jadon Sancho, bringing a four-year transfer saga to an end in the process, while Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo also touched down. Now, it’ll be interesting to see what United decide with Ten Hag as they approach one of the biggest summers in recent history. Antony, Declan Rice and Manuel Akanji are some of the players being linked amid uncertainty over their Ajax, West Ham and Dortmund futures. And United are also likely to lose some of their big names, too, with Pogba, Bailly, Donny van de Beek, Dean Henderson, Edinson Cavani and Nemanja Matic all linked with moves away. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Meanwhile, speaking recently, Jaap Stam praised the work Ten Hag has done over in the Netherlands. However, he also warned his fellow Dutchman the job at Old Trafford won’t be straightforward. “Ten Hag is doing very well at Ajax; he makes the team a difficult opponent for everyone in Europe and Holland,” he said. “He is very good at showing the players what to do and also at improving individual players. “At Ajax, he obviously has the finances to grow the team with young players. “For him, Man United would be another thing compared to what he is experiencing in Holland. He has to take this step forward in his career. “Solskjaer has done a good job to bring the club back to the top five but lacks the extra quality to get back to winning ways. “Rangnick came in, and some players struggled to adapt. “Ronaldo didn’t play in the derby, then scored three goals against Tottenham. “It’s always difficult to understand what goes on in a dressing room, but Ronaldo showed his strength. “You have to involve someone like him in decisions; you have to talk to him. He’s fundamental for the locker room; he helps you raise the level of the team. “At Man United, they don’t always play well, they should dominate games more, and in my opinion, I think they should do more. “I hope the club will make better choices next season; they need to get back to the top.”