The Cold Weather Payment is £25, which is available to households who live in areas which experience sub-zero temperatures over a seven-day period to help with energy bills. Claimants need to be in receipt of certain qualifying benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), such as Pension Credit and Universal Credit. However, Cold Weather Payments are only accessible between the months of October and March which means eligible households have only a week until the deadline closes. To show how crucial the support the payment has been to families, some claimants have lived in areas which have received a triple Cold Weather Payment worth £75. This is because these households have lived in areas which have experienced extremely cold weather over three consecutive seven day periods. For example, those who live in Braemar who claim qualifying benefits have received a triple Cold Weather Payment. Overall, between November 1, 2020 to January 7, 2022, the DWP has made Cold Weather payments to over 3,994,000 eligible individuals. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim For this past winter season in 2021/22, the following places in the UK have been able to claim Cold Weather Payments: Many organisations have called for the Government to expand the eligibility threshold for receiving this benefits support. Notably, Age UK has lobbied for direct payments of up to £500 to be delivered to households who are entitled to Cold Weather Payments. This comes after the Ofgem announced that the energy price cap would see bills rise by £693 this year. Caroline Abrahams, Age UK’s director, explained: “Without a more generous package of support, targeted at those on low and modest incomes, there can be no doubt that hundreds of thousands more older people will be forced to cut back on heating, food, or other essentials, in the process putting their own health at risk. “Some are saying that their anxiety about what is to come is already wearing them down. “These are hugely worrying times, but there is more the Government could – and should – be doing to mitigate the risks for our older population who, for the sake of their health, need to keep adequately warm. “It’s a sad fact that many pensioners live in older homes that are difficult and expensive to heat, increasing the risks to them of this energy price crisis. “The Government must intervene to protect them from an unprecedented situation that has come about through no fault of their own.” A Government spokesperson said: “We recognise the pressures people are facing with the cost of living, which is why we’re providing support worth £21billion this financial year and next to help. “This includes putting an average of £1,000 more per year into the pockets of working families via changes to Universal Credit, freezing fuel duties to keep costs down and helping households with their energy bills through our £9.1 billion Energy Bills Rebate. “We want pensioners to receive all the support to which they are entitled. “Our Winter Fuel Payments are supporting over 11 million pensioners with their energy bills and we are continuing to encourage those eligible for Pension Credit, and the wide range of other benefits it can provide, to make a claim.”