Retirement can be costly. With the state pension viewed as a safety net and the cost of living rising, many are worried about how to make ends meet. Retirement should be something Britons look forward to, however, it can be daunting. For this reason, one expert has stressed how important it is to plan ahead - especially in the current climate. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Alun Williams, Commercial Director of Savings at Shawbrook Bank, who offered key tips on how to control spending ahead of retirement. Firstly, he said it is vital for Britons to “prepare to succeed” and this can be done well in advance of retirement. READ MORE: Pension warning as Britons ‘dragged’ into 55% 'stealth' tax In preparation for departing the workforce, Mr Williams stressed it is important to review one’s finances to ensure they are on track for the retirement they are hoping for. This can involve breaking down streams of income such as the state pension, savings, and what personal and workplace pensions will provide. On top of this, Britons will need to consider how to take money from their pension, whether this be through a drawdown or annuity. As a second point of action, budgeting now can help people to stick to their goals in later life. Britons can take control by setting monthly spending guidelines to ensure they are keeping on track with fixed monthly outgoings, as well as having room for unexpected costs. DON'T MISSState pension payments to increase in April [UPDATE]Barclays scam warning as pensioner, 75, loses £12,000 [WARNING]State pension: WASPI women express delight as key update shared [LATEST] From this point, people can see how much they have left each month to spend or put into a savings account to help towards other financial goals. According to Mr Williams, planning for a “fulfilled” retirement is the next key course of action. He said: “It’s never too early to start preparing for retirement – in the years before you finish work, it may be useful to map out how much money you’ll need to achieve your retirement goals. “To show your commitment to reaching your retirement saving goals, why not create a separate ‘savings pay day’ pot every month. “That means transferring a percentage of your total monthly salary straight into savings on the same day each month – treating it as a pay day to help meet your targets.” Talking to family and friends may also help Britons, as it is good to get a second opinion on whether a spend is an impulse buy or an essential purchase. The fourth key tip shared by Mr Williams is a vital one - reviewing existing debts. Some individuals will have mortgages left to pay, existing credit cards, or even outstanding loans. In certain cases debt consolidation is appropriate as it could mean saving money in lower interest payments and getting finances under control. However, Mr Williams warned the terms may be different, and the overall cost could increase. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Consequently, reading the terms and conditions, and undertaking research carefully before entering into an agreement is vital. Finally, Britons should be considering what they could potentially live without in retirement. Mr Williams concluded: “With the extra free time that comes when you are in retirement, spend time thinking about outgoings you can cut out, or even swap for a free or cheaper alternative. “Whether it’s discovering the abundance of online workout classes rather than that monthly gym membership, or unearthing a love of cycling that could be a way of cutting travel costs, keeping changes like this in place could make a big difference to your future savings. “Making well-informed money choices as you edge closer to retirement can help make your money go further, while taking small steps to refresh your finances could also help you reach your saving goals sooner.”