Peaky Blinders season six has finally landed, and now the BBC hit series has dropped its second episode, fans of the show can not wait for the next instalment. Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) has arrived back from Boston, USA, only to get sucked straight back into his usual antics, and a twist at the end of episode two blew onlookers' minds. So far this season, fans have seen Tommy fixated on revenge with him already framing Michael Gray (Finn Cole) for opium smuggling. Now on the second episode of the concluding season, fans see Tommy back from his time in Boston as he acts on the next part of his plan. Much to fans' delight Alfie Solomons (Tom Hardy) resurfaced with Tommy walking accompanied by the song Nessun Dorma to meet him, creating a weirdly operatic eerie feel to the scene. If that wasn't enough, in the final few moments of the episode, Tommy reached out to Esme Shelby (Aimee-Ffion Edwards), presumably to help with Ruby Shelby (Orla McDonagh) as her sickness spreads. Read More: Emmerdale pregnancy bombshell as Liv Flaherty makes life-changing discovery? In season one, Esme had an arranged marriage to John Shelby (Joe Cole) to bring peace between the gang and the Lee family. John was a widow and brought four children with him into the marriage. Acting like a calming presence, she opted to stay out of business matters that John, Tommy and Arthur (Paul Anderson) would tackle. Things started to fall apart for her in season four when John was murdered at their country home by the Sicilian mafia and Luca Changretta (Adrien Brody). Spiralling into a state of despair, she cursed both Tommy and Arthur as she blamed them both for his murder. With nothing else to lose, she left the city and show and hit the road with her gypsy family. Her character didn't make an appearance in season five, so spectators thought that was the end of her - or so they were led to believe. Now, in the present, Ruby started to deteriorate, coughing up blood and reaching a "temperature of 101". She exhibited signs of paranoia, saying that the "Grey Man" was after her. DON’T MISS…Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to Aiden Healy star 'A constant delight' [LATEST]The Last of the Summer Wine: What happened to the cast? [LATEST]‘It was a no brainer’ Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series [LATEST]  This automatically made some fans remember Esme and her gypsy roots. During the episode, Ruby was seen scribbling and drawing demons and said: "It's the Grey Man. He says he's coming for me. And he's coming for Daddy as well." Hallucinations are known to be a side-effect of a high fever but the dots started to connect with viewers. Meanwhile, father Tommy was unaware of his daughter's fragile state as he had spent most of the episode trying to rally his troops and gain support. Later back at his office, he fought for his life as an assassination attempt was taken against him and just as he delivered the fatal blow to his attacker, he received a call telling him to rush home. The show ended with Tommy picking up the phone; he said: "Madonna, put me through to the number I gave you for Esme Shelby Lee."  This threw fans into a frenzy online, with Tommy confirming that Esme was to return. @abelsxob***h tweeted: "#PeakyBlinders spoilers ESME COMING TO SAVE THE DAY NEXT EPISODE." Charlie Kempen had a theory: "Esme was definitely the black cat Tommy had a dream about last series #PeakyBlinders." "Is it Esme and her gypsy abilities cursing Tommy and Ruby, I wonder?? #PeakyBlinders," Liberty Marsh added. @GeorgiaEH17 added: "I still think Esme cursed Tommy after John died, and since Ruby was conceived around then, what the two is going through is linked. I've said all along Esme will have something to do with it #PeakyBlinders". (sic) Peaky Blinders continues every Sunday at 9pm on BBC On