Formula 1 chief Stefano Domenicali has remarkably suggested the season could reach up to 30 Grands Prix in the future, with races potentially set to be staged in Las Vegas and Africa going forward. Domenicali believes the level of races could be achieved due to the rapidly growing interest in the sport. F1 is set for a record 23 races this year even with the cancellation of the Russian Grand Prix, as the sport’s governing body looks for a replacement venue. Amid the search, there are heavy rumours that Las Vegas - who last hosted a race in 1984 - could join the calendar in 2023 and become the third United States event. When speaking to Sky Sports F1, F1’s CEO and president Domenicali admitted there were plenty of options for F1 to consider - including Africa as a potential market. South Africa’s Kyalmi circuit last hosted a race in 1993 and has been suggested as an option, with Lewis Hamilton recently insisting it should be added to the calendar. F1’s current Concorde Agreement runs until 2025 and allows 24 races per season, but Domenicali believes the improved opportunities could see the calendar grow even larger. When talking to Martin Brundle, he said: “I think there is potential to go to 24. JUST IN: Toto Wolff instructs Mercedes to emulate Red Bull by solving key issue “I would say there is potential to go to 30! In terms of the interest we see all around the world. It is up to us to try to find the right balance considering what are the venues which would like to be in F1, what are the historical values we need to see on the calendar.” Domenicali revealed to reporters in Bahrain that some current tracks could lose their place on the grid for varying reasons. The 56-year-old believes F1 must consider all available options. “We need to be balanced, we need to see what are the other opportunities,” Domenicali admitted. “And very soon we are going to tell everyone what is our strategy to develop that market. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen slammed over crucial mistake in Charles Leclerc duelMercedes warned by Aston Martin over issue facing Hamilton and RussellNorris defends Mercedes despite predicting 'more pain' for McLaren “On top of America, on top of China, I think there is a potential also to be in Africa soon. There is a lot of interest there. For sure that's another area that so far is missing in the geography of our calendar.” While the potential to extend the grid to beyond 10 teams in the future was suggested, Domenicali is unconvinced it is a necessary step despite the interest from several parties - including Michael Andretti. He added: “There's complexities that need to be considered if other teams can be added. “Therefore I don't think it's the most important element to grow F1, to be honest.” The 22-race 2022 campaign - which is expected to return to 23 races in the near future once a Russian Grand Prix replacement is found - continues this weekend with the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix on March 27.