We have seen the generosity of the response of thousands of people who have offered their homes to refugees from that war-torn country and donated tens of millions to pay for aid. As ever, the national mood has been perfectly captured by the Royal Family with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge leading the way in offering solidarity with Ukraine and moral courage to their heroic President Zelensky. But most welcome of all perhaps will be the two million medical items which the UK is donating to Ukraine at this time of need, as revealed by the Health Secretary Sajid Javid in today’s Daily Express. We share his pride that the NHS in every corner of the UK has stepped up to provide this help at this time of need. The warmth and generosity of the British people is best summed up in this aid which includes everything from medicines to intensive care equipment. It joins the military hardware we have sent to help the Ukrainians defend their country and the hundreds of millions we have pumped into their economy. At times of emergency it is right to remember our tradition as a caring nation that stands up for humanitarian values and freedom. There will be some cynics who worry that Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s promises of tax cuts in the future is very much in line with a “jam tomorrow” type pledge. But as he has rightly said the difficult decisions on paying off the Covid debt and getting the country back on its feet have been made. As the economy starts to boom again there will be an opportunity for reducing the burden of the state on people’s pockets. But this does mean that certain bitter pills must be swallowed including the increase on National Insurance to help pay for social care and reverse NHS backlogs. Two years of lockdown did not come free, there was always a price to be paid. But, as Mr Sunak says, if we do the right thing now then there will be better days to come. Let us all salute the remarkable Rachael Blackmore who yesterday made history to become the first female jockey to win the Cheltenham Gold Cup. It is proof again that the best route to equality is simply found by giving people the opportunity to use their talents and with that – just like Ms Blackmore on her mount A Plus Tard – all hurdles can be jumped to reach the winning post.