Andy Murray has suffered a sixth consecutive second-round loss at the hands of Daniil Medvedev. The Brit faced the top seed in a blockbuster Miami Open clash but was never able to bother Medvedev, failing to create a break point chance throughout the match as the world No 2 bested him 6-4 6-2 in an hour and 29 minutes. Murray will now be out of action until the grass-court season. Murray was playing in Miami for the first time since 2016, when he was the second seed. Making his return six years later at the tournament’s new home at the Hard Rock Stadium, he was able to get a first-round win over Federico Delbonis to set up a blockbuster match with top seed and world No 2 Medvedev. It was just the second time they were facing off, with their only prior meeting coming at Brisbane in 2019, shortly before the Brit went on to prematurely announce his retirement, later undergoing hip resurfacing surgery to mount a comeback to the tour. It was the 26-year-old who won that Brisbane round-of-16 7-5 6-2. With returning coach Ivan Lendl in his box, Murray was quickly broken to love by the top seed at 1-1, who backed it up with a love-hold to lead 3-1. The three-time Grand Slam champion was then forced to save more break points before finding his groove later on in the set, holding to love for 3-4 and 4-5 and threatening Medvedev’s serve at 30-30 when he was serving for the set but the US Open winner closed it out 6-4 in 46 minutes. JUST IN: Kyrgios gives Miami Open outburst verdict as Brooksby spared full fine   Both players opened the second set with easy holds, as Murray ran into the side advertising boards with Medvedev serving at 40-0 in his first game of the second and was foced to clean his shoes on his towel as chair umpire Mohamed Lahyani checked whether he was alright. He was then forced to save two break points at 2-2, giving a monumental effort to get to deuce from 15-40 down but failed to hold on as Medvedev converted his third break point when the 34-year-old fell on his back at the baseline and his opponent came over to check on him. The top seed failed to drop a game after, breaking Murray to love at 5-2 before serving out a 6-4 6-2 win in 89 minutes. It meant a sixth successive second-round loss for the three-time Major champion, who has won his first match but lost his second at the Australian Open, Rotterdam, Doha, Dubai, Indian Wells and now Miami. DON'T MISSRaducanu fires back after Brit warned players are losing 'respect'Djokovic left in limbo over US Open after New York mayor decisionTsitsipas 'not focusing' on succeeding Federer, Nadal and Djokovic  Murray is now set to be out of action until the grass-court season, having previously announced he would skip the clay after it caused him "issues" with injuries in recent seasons. He is set to stay in Miami and complete a training block with Ivan Lendl, his former coach who has returned for a stint leading up to Wimbledon and the grass. The eight-time Major champion worked with Murray from 2011-2014 and again from 2016-2017, with him for his three Grand Slam titles, two Olympic gold medal wins and his ascent to world No 1. Lendl was seen watching on from the Brit's box against Medvedev on Saturday and will be ready to help his charge identify what went wrong in the straight-sets loss.