Former This Morning presenter Fern Britton has candidly addressed her relationship woes as she admitted her son urged her to date again after she split from her ex-husband Phil Vickery. The mum-of-four said she has "no time for romance" following her separation. The 64-year-old admitted she is uncertain about looking for a potential partner but added she does miss companionship and having someone to frequently talk to. The presenter was previously married to her first husband Clive Jones. The couple wed in 1988 and were together until 1998. During this time, the presenter gave birth to twin boys, Jack and Harry, as well as daughter Grace. READ MORE: 'Britain not embarrassed?' John Cleese asks as Andrew attends service Fern met her second husband Phil when they appeared on the BBC show Ready Steady Cook. The pair tied the knot in 2000 before they welcomed their daughter Winnie,who was born in 2001. However, they both announced their marriage was ending in a statement on Twitter in January 2020. Fern has now addressed moving on from her former spouse as the presenter ponders dating again.  Speaking in a new interview, she explained: "I've no time for romance. One of my boys said to me, 'In time, Mum, maybe you'll find a companion who'll go to the cinema with you. "And I replied, 'In time, maybe.'" Fern continued: "I'm really enjoying being in a big bed by myself, and I've moved the pillows to the middle. "It's great being able to go to bed, and, if you're snoring, it doesn't matter!" DON'T MISS... Jim Carrey says he 'would have sued Will Smith for $200m' after slap[LATEST]A Place In The Sun presenter Laura Hamilton's son taken to hospital[HEALTH]Andrea McLean's family were forced to flee home as she aids Ukraine[EXCLUSIVE] The small-screen star added to Woman & Home magazine: "I wake up quite a lot in the night, but I'll read for an hour and then go back to sleep. "I miss talking to somebody to run things past them, share trivia, but I've got the girls and the cats and my boys are great." Addressing her split in 2020, Fern took to Twitter and penned: “After more than 20 happy years together, Phil and I have decided to go our separate ways. “We will always share a great friendship and our lovely children. “We would appreciate it if our privacy is respected at this time. “Thank you for your continued kindness and support.” (sic) Fern also opened up about seeking a therapist, her time on This Morning and feeling more autonomous with age in the candid chat. You can read the full interview with Fern Briton in the May issue of Woman & Home is on sale Thursday 7 April 2022.