Matt Taylor warned of patchy clouds which lead to outbreaks of showers in the Western Isles. The BBC Weather forecaster also predicted snowfall across Northern England and Scotland as temperatures fall back down to -5C. The weekend is expected to be a cooler one than in previous weeks.  Mr Taylor said: "Coldest areas at the moment, well it's waiting in the wings just to the North of the UK. "It's going to be pushing South behind this bank of cloud, that's working its way across Orkney into the Western Isles amount outbreaks of rain. "Also notice though, we start the day with some showers in the South of England. "Probably welcomed sight by some of the gardeners out there, who have been planting recently although there will be some frost to come, keep that in mind. JUST IN: Boy found in hunt for student who vanished after night out with friends     Mr Taylor added: "But yes a few showers continuing throughout the day, Southernmost counties of England, Channel Islands nothing especially heavy. "That bank of cloud continues to work its way Southwards across Northern Scotland, turning to snow on its northern edge. "In between best of sunshine in the West but there will be a few showers around, Northern England, South West Scotland, Northern Island, and also across parts of Wales. "Here temperatures will still be in double figures, around levels they should be for this stage, in late March. READ MORE: 'Very insulting!' Solomon Islands PM dismisses criticism against China amid security talks Mr Taylor added: "But notice four to six degrees in the North, that colder air firmly in place. Mr Taylor added: "So to the South of it we'll have one or two spots of light rain and drizzle. "But a bit milder should be frost-free, there's that dividing line as we go into tomorrow. "Cloud through Northern England Southern Scotland, North Wales and Northern Ireland, outbreaks of rain, snow on the hills even to some lower levels across Northern England and Southern Scotland. "Scotlands has a day of sunshine, wintry showers across the North mainly, but we'll start to see outbreaks of rain across southern parts of England and Wales." 