Amazon has slashed its Eero mesh Wi-Fi router down to the lowest ever price. If you're still using the Wi-Fi router that was sent out by your broadband provider, switching to the Eero mesh router will unlock a wealth of new functionality and boosted signal. And you'll have the flexibility to add more Eero nodes to your system to extend Wi-Fi throughout your house and garden. Usually £69, Amazon has dropped the price down to £52 – that's the lowest price ever offered. Yes, it wasn't even that cheap during the Black Friday sales last year. Eero can replace your existing Wi-Fi router. With a single unit, Amazon promises that its diddy mesh router can provide fast Wi-Fi signal to 140 square metres. If you have multiple Eero nodes in your home, the TruMesh technology analyses the space and automatically move your devices to the nearest Eero node to provide connections without buffering. This is all behind the scenes. So, from your point of view – you connect to a single Wi-Fi network, and the Eero system will do all the rest of the hard work (that's very different to buying a standalone extender for your current Wi-Fi router). Since this is an Amazon product, you won't be surprised to learn that Eero plays nice with Alexa, enabling you to use voice commands to change Wi-Fi settings. The Eero app, which is available on iPhone and Android, lets you assign devices to profiles for individual members of your household. That way, you'll be able to track the amount of data used by each person in the house (handy if you don't have an unlimited broadband contract). You can also pause all devices associated with a single profile or a single gadget. Certain devices can be prioritised over others (if you're in the middle of downloading a huge operating system update, film, or video game). Eero has incorporated a number of parental controls into its clever app too. These can also be applied to younger members of your household, blocking access to certain websites. Not only that, but a blanket internet ban for all devices can also be scheduled (for example, if you want a smartphone-free family dinner or movie night). New features are being added all the time, and Eero will keep your network up-to-date automatically in the background. Honestly, that alone might be one of the reasons to shell-out for the Eero. When was the last time the Wi-Fi router sent out to you by BT, Sky Broadband, TalkTalk or Plusnet updated? Given the number of warnings from security experts about the risk of older firmware shielding your Wi-Fi network, the automatic updates should be hugely reassuring. MORE LIKE THISBest Broadband Deals In The UK