As living costs continue to rise with diesel at 219p per litre and 218.9p for unleaded, one petrol station in London breaking the £2 per litre mark, and a national insurance increase, Brits are set to feel the pinch on their household budgets.  Speaking to Andrew Marr on LBC radio, the former Prime Minister urged the Government to reconsider its increase of national insurance and should “keep people’s taxes down.” Mr Cameron added: “We are certainly looking at a huge squeeze on living standards, when you see what’s happening with oil prices, petrol prices, with heating bills. “It is going to be a very tough year... What can we do to help people? “That’s the question at this difficult time. How do we address cost-of-living pressures?” The former Prime Minister concluded that “if you can keep the cost of Government down and people’s taxes down, you help them through the cost-of-living crisis, that’s important.”  Despite calls for the Government to rethink its tax increase, on Tuesday Rishi Sunak announced that the rise in tax would still go ahead. Robert Jenrick, a former Cabinet minister, added to the calls saying on Newsnight that the Chancellor “may need to do something” in his spring statement. Mr Jenrick added: “We could be looking at an energy crisis unrivalled since the 1970s” and that predictions “suggest that household incomes could fall by a larger percentage this year than any time since records began in 1955.” Energy bills for the average household in Britain are expected to rise by up to £3,000 per year in October due to sky-rocketing wholesale gas prices due to sanctions on Russia after its invasion of Ukraine. READ MORE:Russians disclose General’s death as comms broken by OWN army The rise in national insurance for both employers and employees is expected next month to aid the NHS backlog and fund changes to social care and inflation could peak at over 8 percent over the next few months. Data from Experian Catalist show that on Tuesday, the average cost of petrol per litre was 158.2 pence from 156.4 the previous day and diesel at 165.2 pence, up from 162.3. Campaign group FairFuelUK, has encouraged Mr Sunak to cut fuel duty which sees motorists paying nearly 58 pence in duty per every litre of fuel. On Monday, global oil prices sky-rocketed to a 14-year high of $139 per barrel. DON'T MISS:US fury after Harry 'shows face at American event' (REACTION)POLL: Should UK scrap Brexit border checks to allow aid to Ukraine? (POLL)Prince Charles gains HUGE support to ‘slim down' Royal Family (INSIGHT)  Mr Jenrick said: “The Government has to level with the public that standing up to Putin could cause the most difficult year for household incomes in my lifetime.” The Joseph Rowntree Foundation has estimated that rising energy bills will “devastate” the poorest families in the UK. The foundation has also issued a warning that real-terms cut to benefits in April, the second benefits cut in less than six months, could push a further 400,000 people into poverty. 