Inheritance tax (IHT) is a tax payable on the property, money and possessions – known as the ‘estate’ – of someone who has died. Each individual is taxed at a rate of 40 percent on all their assets above a threshold £325,000. For most people, the £325,000 IHT allowance or nil rate band and £175,000 Residence nil rate band (which can be set against the value of the family home if it’s left to the children or grandkids), is enough to protect them from inheritance tax. However if someone is worried that the value of their estate including their property might exceed the key thresholds, there are various steps they can take to reduce it and therefore the risk of a tax bill on their death. The 2015 Budget introduced the new provision, allowing individuals and married couples to pass on their main home with added protection from the taxman. The allowance began to be phased in at £100,000 in the 2017-18 tax year, increasing to £125,000 in 2018-19, to £150,000 in 2019-20, and finally to £175,000 in 2020-21, where it remains today. READ MORE: Free bus pass: Some over 60s can get their pass sooner - are you eligible?  The UK Government offer a free online tool which allows people to calculate their potential inheritance tax bill. To use the inheritance tax calculator, a person needs to know the value of the assets in the estate, how the assets are owned and the value of gifts the deceased made in the seven years prior to death. Faith Glasgow from interactive investor gave suggestions on how Britons can reduce their tax bill. 1) Understand the seven-year ruleIf someone dies within seven years of giving a gift, these gifts may count in the eyes of HMRC as ‘potentially exempt transfers’ or PETs. That means they’re not yet fully out of someone’s estate. So if they die within seven years their value may still be taken into account when inheritance tax is being calculated. The amount of tax payable tapers over the seven-year period. 2) Make gifts to your spouseThere is no IHT payable on gifts between spouses, so people can give them whatever they like during their lifetime. There may, however, be capital gains tax to pay if people are transferring assets other than cash, such as property or shares, from one name to another. Ms Glasgow said: “Importantly, if you die before your spouse you can leave your entire estate to them free of IHT, and also your unused nil rate band and residence NRB, if you qualify for the latter. “That means that on the second death, up to £1 million can be left to the family or other beneficiaries free of IHT. “Importantly, if you’re not married or in a civil partnership, there is no exemption and IHT is potentially payable if you leave assets to your partner. “ 3) Top up a pensionIf people are still working and paying into a pension scheme, they should consider maximising their contributions. Apart from the many other tax benefits of paying into a pension, a pension scheme sits outside someone’s estate and in most cases pension contributions are immediately free from IHT (rather than being treated as PETs). Importantly, a pension pot won’t be included in IHT assessments if a person dies. Once people retire, if they have sufficient other investments such as ISAs that do fall within their estate, they could fund their retirement with them and leave the pension untouched for their family to inherit.