Pierre Gasly has cast doubt over Mercedes' chances of winning the 2022 Formula One Constructors' Championship after he claimed the Silver Arrows 'may have to do some work' to reclaim their title. Gasly, who races for AlphaTauri - Red Bull's sister team - finished ninth last season and recorded one podium at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. He formerly raced for Red Bull in 2019, although he was dropped after he produced what Red Bull deemed to be inadequate performances. However, with rumours on the cards that he could return to the Austrian side in the future, many will be watching how his season progresses ahead of the season opener in Bahrain on Sunday. If Gasly does get the call up to partner Verstappen, he will likely go toe-to-toe with Hamilton for the Drivers' Championship. And his comments on how Hamilton will fare this season could spark new fear into the Brit's preparation after he claimed Mercedes 'do not look as good as they have in the past'. “We know on our side we have quite a lot of work to do to improve the performance, to improve the car balance,” said Gasly. “But clearly I could see Lewis was struggling as well and I think they do have some work to be fighting at the top. I think the conclusion is that Mercedes probably don’t look as good as they were in the past. "But it’s only testing, it’s part of the test, and exploring how to get the best out of the car. But yes, in terms of racing it was clearly an interesting few laps, quite fun battles, and I think it should make all the races quite exciting for you guys this season. “It was interesting also to follow and just to get some data and feelings following other cars. So I think it’s clearly better than last year, which makes me quite optimistic in terms of racing for the season." The 26-year-old will line up alongside Yuki Tsunoda for AlphaTauri as the duo go on the hunt to amass more than the impressive 142 points registered last season. The Italian side finished just 13 points behind Alpine last season in the race for fifth place. The new season starts on Sunday with new regulations being administered ahead of a blockbuster campaign. And Verstappen and Hamilton are the favourites to take home the title after last year's enthralling encounter.