Mikel Arteta has assembled a magnificent team at Arsenal. But the Gunners’ boss next, and perhaps most arduous, task is to assemble a squad that can compete on Premier League, League Cup, FA Cup, and Champions League fronts. This is an extremely difficult task that will test Arteta’s managerial mettle as well as Arsenal’s patience in the Spaniard. The former Arsenal captain is no stranger to the intense microscope of scrutinisation which falls upon Premier League managers like the eye of Sauron. Arteta’s reign has so far withstood the burn when Arsenal failed to qualify for European football for the first time in 25 years and when they were languishing at the bottom of the Premier League table. However, if the Gunners do manage to maintain their fourth position and qualify for Champions League football, such results will sting even more than Arteta’s wounds. His exceptional development of Bukayo Saka, Emile Smith-Rowe and Gabriel Martinelli, as well as the incredibly astute transfer window which saw Ben White, Martin Odegaard, Aaron Ramsdale, Takehiro Tomiyasu, Nuno Tavares, and Albert Sambi-Lokonga arrive at the club, means he has assembled a team which may be able to compete for the major honours. And if Arteta and Edu further enhance the current crop of talent at their disposal and add other strong names to their squad, he will need to look to his experience under Pep Guardiola at Manchester City. JUST IN: Arsenal scouts eyeing Valencia stars on international duty Arteta was Guardiola’s right hand man for a glittering two years which yielded two Premier League titles and the FA Cup. Alongside the former Barcelona and Bayern Munich manager, City assembled a squad so terrifying that their reserve team would have provided stiff competition to most teams in Europe. Such resources brings huge pressure, not just from those outside looking in, but from players who arrived at the club with no intention of ever warming the substitutes bench. Rotation has been incremental to Guardiola’s City rein and Arteta will have to ensure it also is at the Emirates Stadium. DON'T MISS Smith-Rowe is an Arteta success story who has managed to crowbar himself into Gareth Southgate’s England plans, but he has only started three of Arsenal’s last ten Premier League matches. The 21-year-old will have his eyes locked firmly on the 2022 World Cup in Qatar and he may be concerned by his lack of regular starts, considering the immense competition for places in the Three Lions’ frontline. While the summer transfer window may see some huge changes at Arsenal, Arteta looks to have figured out his first choice staring eleven at the Emirates Stadium. But he will have to show a degree of flexibility and rotation if he is to keep every member of his blossoming squad happy in north London.