The county town of Yorkshire, York is a beautiful cathedral city with Roman roots. The medieval city has ancient city walls and is full of museums, bustling shops and delectable eateries. The city itself, and the areas surrounding it, are generally affordable and offer residents the perfect balance of city life and countryside living. York is located halfway between London and Edinburgh, making it an ideal location for commuters. London is just two hours away by train while Edinburgh is two and a half hours. Leeds is also 23 minutes away by train, and 45 minutes by car. Other cities located nearby include Hull, Sheffield and Manchester. As well as the picturesque city, homeowners will be able to enjoy the beautiful Yorkshire Dales, North York Moors and Wolds which are all right on the doorstep. In 2018, The Sunday Times voted York as the best place to live in the UK with the city being highly regarded among its residents and visitors. Schools in and around York have also been ranked highly by Ofsted with eight schools in the area achieving an “outstanding” rating. For families with older children, four world-class Russell Group universities are located nearby; the University of York, The University of Manchester, The University of Leeds and The University of Sheffield. The city offers residents a wide-ranging economy, making it attractive to professionals looking to relocate. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share how not to wash towels - ‘they’ll go nasty’ York has become a more popular location with buyers over the years. Excellent transport links, picturesque properties and the perfect balance between city and rural living have made the area an attractive choice, which has also driven up house prices over the years. The average house price within a 20-mile radius of York over the last 12 months stands at £326,000, according to OnTheMarket. The average price of a home in Britain currently stands at £278,123. York is currently around half as expensive as a property in London which costs, on average, around £662,000. Express.co.uk, in partnership with OnTheMarket, can share three incredible properties currently on the market in and around York. This includes a home worth over £1million, a property which has renovation potential and a home worth the average asking price. Property: Dykelands Farm Location: Whenby, York Price: offers in excess of £1,500,000 Marketed by: Blenkin & Co, York, via OnTheMarket This five-bedroom, four-bathroom house is brimming with potential. Set in the middle of eight acres of land, the property comprises of a 3,800 square foot main house, an art studio, two galleries and outbuildings. The main home includes two reception rooms, a snug, boot room, kitchen/breakfast room, utility room, two cloakrooms, a bar, stores, a master bedroom suite with bathroom and dressing room, four further bedrooms, a Jack & Jill bathroom and a main bathroom. Dating from the 18th century, this incredible home offers original features mixed in with contemporary touches. Some notable features of the main home include a double-sided log burning stove, exposed oak beams, a walk-in pantry and a stunning shaker-style kitchen.  DON'T MISSMrs Hinch fan shares £1 trick to remove bathroom radiator rust [INSIGHT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to remove toilet bowl stains [UPDATE]House buying timeline: How long does it really take to buy a home? [ANALYSIS] A fully functioning wine and champagne bar is another unique aspect of this home that’s sure to be a real talking point among guests. The stone barn located opposite the main house includes the art studio, two galleries, a gym, wet room, store, garden store, workshop and an office/studio. A decking area with a freestanding barbecue, sauna, raised hot tub, outside bar and pub-style benches, offers the ideal set-up for summer gatherings and entertainment. Located in the Hambleton Hills, this home would be the perfect spot for an equine enthusiast or a buyer with a love of the outdoors and entertaining. Property: Three-bedroom bungalow Location: Oxton Drive, Tadcaster, North Yorkshire Price: £245,000 Marketed by: Hunters, Wetherby, via OnTheMarket. This home offers buyers a fantastic opportunity for renovation in a sought-after location. The bungalow has three bedrooms and one bathroom and beautiful, green views. The home is located close to local shops, cafes, restaurants and bars with easy access to the A1(M) for trips to York and Leeds. This property also benefits from having off-street parking in the form of a large driveway. The bungalow comprises of a sizeable living space, a garden room, a large garage, a bathroom, one bedroom downstairs and two bedrooms upstairs. The private garden is enclosed with a patio area and a well-kept lawn. This home would be a great project for an investor or a first time buyer looking to take on a renovation. Property: Three bedroom semi-detached home Location: Tower Crescent, Tadcaster Price: £325,000 Marketed by: Manning Stainton, Wetherby, via OnTheMarket. This spacious semi-detached home has been beautifully presented with three double bedrooms, an open-plan kitchen, a spacious living room, two modern bathrooms and an enclosed garden.   The property is situated across three floors, with the master bedroom and ensuite located on the second floor. Located close to Tadcaster town centre, the property is in a sought-after location with off-street parking. The popular area is also located close to the A1(M) which goes to both Leeds, York and Harrogate. Neutrally decorated and modern throughout, new homeowners will be able to easily move in without needing to complete any work. Next week, we will be choosing three properties from in and around Portsmouth.