Actress Lynda Baron, best known for starring in the BBC sitcom Open All Hours and EastEnders, has died at the age of 82. Described as a "wonderful actress and great friend" in a statement from her agent, Lynda is survived by her two children, Sarah and Morgan. Lynda played Nurse Gladys opposite Sir David Jason and Ronnie Barker in Open All Hours, which began airing in 1976 and ran for four series, returning briefly in 2013 for a reboot. She also played Linda Clarke in EastEnders in 2006 and then again from 2008-2009, with a short return in 2016. Her agent of nearly 30 years, Donna French, told PA Media: "It is with great sadness that we announce the passing of our beloved client Lynda Baron. "She was a wonderful actress and a great friend. READ MORE: Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star "Her iconic roles of Nurse Gladys in Open All Hours and Aunt Mabel in Come Outside were loved by all generations. "Renowned for her leading roles in West End musicals and dramatic productions alike, we have lost a leading light of our world." Donna added: "We extend our deepest condolences to her daughter Sarah, her son Morgan and all her family." In 2016, Lynda returned to EastEnders for a brief appearance as Linda, mother of Christian Clarke (John Partridge). The following year, she played Mrs Rudge in an episode of Father Brown. In 2014, Lynda spoke to Express.co.uk about her vow never to retire from acting. “I retired once before when I was younger,” she said. “I thought I’d just stay in the country. But nobody noticed and they kept phoning up and offering me things. I don’t think I’ll do it again. I just won’t take jobs that have a lot of stairs.” DON’T MISS:‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [LATEST]‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [NEWS]Strictly's Katya Jones reaches out to ex Neil 'I hope you're proud!' [LATEST]  Among her many other acting credentials included roles in Oh No, It's Selwyn Froggitt, Doctor Who, Agatha Christie’s Marple, Fat Friends, Come Outside and The Bill. For her role as Violet Carson in The Road To Coronation Street, a BBC Four prequel to Corrie, Lynda was nominated for a BAFTA in 2011. She originally trained as a dancer and starred in West End productions, and in 2014 she returned to the stage to play Stevie Smith’s Aunt in the play Stevie at the Chichester Festival Theatre. That same year, Lynda told Express.co.uk she never made a decision to be an actor - she "came out of the womb" as one. Devastated fans have paid tribute on social media including Elliot who penned: "Sad news about Lynda Baron. Met her 5 years ago and was more than a little bit starstruck. "Of course, she was lovely. Despite her many roles over the years, Auntie Mabel in 'Come Outside' is how I'll always remember her." Harrison added: "Such sad news about Lynda Baron, an actress who was a comforting auntie to a generation of kids she never met. "She had a quality when you watched her that made you feel like you knew her so well."  