Electric car sales made up 17.7 percent of all new-car registrations in the UK during February 2022, according to the latest data from the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT). A total of 10,417 new EVs hit the roads representing a 196 percent increase on lockdown-hit February 2021. With plenty of choice on offer and new EV models released all the time, experts at Leasing Options have revealed the 10 cheapest electric cars to charge to help drivers who are considering retiring their petrol or diesel car. Mike Thompson, Chief Operating Officer at Leasing Options, explained: “With the current fuel crisis it’s no surprise that many UK drivers will be considering an electric vehicle for their next car. “We’ve calculated the electric vehicles that have the cheapest charging cost per mile, to aid motorists in their search.” The company assessed 50 EVs currently on the market and checked them against Zap-Map’s database to find out which EVs are the cheapest on the market to run. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak considers network of new toll roads Mr Thompson added: “Our research found that the Hyundai IONIQ Electric is the cheapest electric car to charge, costing 6.3p per mile, which is 0.5p cheaper than other electric cars on the market. “So, for those wanting a budget friendly option for day-to-day running costs this would be the best choice.” While the Hyundai came out on top for price, it was the Fiat 500 Hatch that gave the best combination of charge speed and price. The small Italian car costs just over £5 to add almost 100 miles of range in only 24 minutes. DON'T MISSMajor driving law will see people fined £200 for using phone today [WARNING]Calls to end ‘significant' car tax which is forcing drivers off roads [SHOCKING]Major diesel changes are a ‘deadly tax’ and will ruin businesses [INSIGHT] Elsewhere, Audi’s e-tron and Tesla’s Model S and X take the longest to charge and are the most expensive. However those Teslas do offer the most miles added per recharge, with 297 and 266 miles respectively, putting them at the top of that list. The company’s Model 3 performs much better combined, with a cost of £14.40 and 7.5p per mile adding an impressive 250 miles of charge. However that’s well beaten by the likes of BMW’s i3 and the Polestar 2 Cheapest cars to charge per mile in full: Hyundai IONIQ Electric - 6.3p per mileKIA e-Niro - 6.8p per mileFiat 500 Cabrio - 7.0p per mileFiat 500 Hatch - 7.1p per mileBMW i3 - 7.1p per mile SEAT Mii Electric - 7.2p per mileKia Soul EV - 7.2p per mileVolkswagen e-up! - 7.3p per mileMINI Electric - 7.5p per mileNissan LEAF - 7.5p per mile