Royal expert Russel Myers has argued that Prince Harry has "backed himself into a corner" over the Duke's decision to take the British Government to court over his security when in the UK. Mr Myers told Today: "I mean he's definitely on a bit of a sticky wicket. "He has taken the British government to court about his security and he's claiming that it's too dangerous to come to the UK to bring his family back with him. "But I mean it's frankly a ludicrous argument because, I mean, he's going over to Europe. "He'll be at the Invictus Games, which is a fantastic event that has been delayed for a couple of years and he won't be able to come over and see his granny and the rest of the family.  "So he's backed himself into a corner, unfortunately, and it's not a good look." It comes as Harry's brother received an official welcome in Jamaica, as Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, embark on their tour of the Caribbean. The royal couple arrived in Jamaica on Tuesday as part of a week-long tour of former British Caribbean colonies that coincides with Queen Elizabeth's 70 years on the throne, but have faced public questioning of the British Empire's legacy. Their trip comes after Barbados became a republic nearly four months ago by removing the queen as the sovereign head of state, a move Jamaica has begun to study and other former British colonies may also pursue. Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness is reported to have told the Cambridges that his country wants to be "independent" and to address "unresolved" issues, a day after protesters called on the United Kingdom to pay reparations for slavery. "There are issues here which as you would know are unresolved," Holness said during a photo opportunity with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. "But Jamaica is as you would see a country that is very proud ... and we're moving on. "And we intend ... to fulfill our true ambition of being an independent, fully developed and prosperous country." DON'T MISS Kate and William learn how to kill a monkey in Belize [INSIGHT] Kate uses 'flirtatious preening gesture' on William - body language [ANALYSIS] Queen's dedication to Firm could end up harming Monarchy, expert says [REVEAL] Dozens of people gathered on Tuesday outside the British High Commission in Kingston, singing traditional Rastafarian songs and holding banners with the phrase "seh yuh sorry" - a local patois phrase that urged Britain to apologize. Jamaican officials have said the government is studying the process of reforming the constitution to become a republic. Experts say the process could take years and would require a referendum. Jamaica's government last year said it will ask Britain for compensation for forcibly transporting an estimated 600,000 Africans to work on sugar cane and banana plantations that created fortunes for British slave holders.