The property expert and star of Location, Location, Location spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to give advice to buyers on what to look out for when first getting onto the property market, as well as updating fans of the Channel 4 show on what can be expected in future episodes. While he explained it's a "seller's market," at the moment, he described first-time buyers as "vital". "It's tough for first-time buyers," the 52-year-old explained, continuing: "It is tough, it's tough for everyone, the market is very, very tight. "It's certainly a seller's market. But first-time buyers are vital to the whole housing system. "Because if the first-time buyers aren't entering the market, then the whole thing grinds to a halt. "So they are a very, very important part of the market." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales The TV presenter added: "But there are slim pickings and my advice to first-time buyers at the moment is you've really got to dedicate a lot of time and effort and energy into your research and to your house. "Because there are slim pickings and there's an awful lot of people that are out there looking for the opportunities that do come to the market. "So the more informed, prepared, ready you are when you are out on your viewings - and by that I mean preparation, being clear about what it is you're looking for, where that's likely to exist, what that's likely to cost, compromises that you are (and), indeed, are not prepared to make - in your search. "So if you're able to go through that process and be prepared and be organised and kind of have all your ducks in a row, then when you see something that could be potentially right then you're able to make a good, quick decision with as much confidence as you can muster." Phil also acknowledged how daunting it can be for those entering the market. "You'll never get all the confidence because they're big decisions and they're scary ones," he added. "But if you're fully prepared and you've done your research and really thought about what it is you're looking for, then that decision should become a little easier. "As I say, it's never going to be really easy. But in this market, you will have to make that decision quickly." DON'T MISS... Liam Payne baffles GMB viewers with odd accent [REACTION]Bargain Hunt expert David Harper details phrase buyers shouldn't trust [INTERVIEW]EastEnders theory: Agony as Bernie flees with baby [THEORY] Although Phil has taken part in several TV series, his longest-running programme is Channel 4's Location, Location, Location, which he presents alongside Kirstie Allsopp. For 22 years, the show has documented the pair as they help house hunters find their perfect homes. Despite such a long stint on the programme, Phil also told Express.co.uk there were no plans on the horizon to end the series. He stated: "We are very happy. We're trying to develop new programmes, new ideas. "We make 10 Locations a year and we make eight Love It or List Its, and then there's repeats and revisits. "And Kirstie's got her Christmas show and the craft shows. "I'm developing a programme I'm hoping to be working on in September or October so that there's plenty going on. "We genuinely feel very lucky to have had the amount of work and to be enjoying the work that we do. "And also to be helping people through these big decisions." He added the work he and Kirstie do in the show is very "rewarding". Location, Location, Location is available to watch on All4.