Everton will welcome Newcastle tonight for the latest Premier League clash to stream exclusively on Amazon's popular Prime Video service. The match kicks off at 7.45pm and will be available to stream via a web browser, dedicated iOS and Android apps, as well as Smart TV and set-top boxes, like Sky Q, Virgin Media TV 360, Apple TV and more. Best of all, you can watch without paying a penny. If you've not used Prime Video before you can even sign up now and get a month of free access to this service. Once you're all signed up it could be a classic encounter with both of these clubs desperate for a win. Everton are now on a run of four back-to-back defeats and sit just one place above the relegation zone. Newcastle head to Goodison Park having lost their last match away to Chelsea and will be looking to get back to winning ways. Speaking ahead of the clash Everton boss Frank Lampard said: "We are all aware of the importance of tonight’s match. Every one of our final 12 league games is huge because they will determine whether we achieve our objective of staying in the Premier League. "The outcome tonight won’t conclusively settle anything. We won’t be clear of danger, with everything fixed, if we win. Equally, no standalone result decides your fate at the end of the season." Everton vs Newcastle live stream: How to watch To tune-in to the game at Goodison Park tonight, you'll need access to Prime Video. This is available as a standalone subscription – like rivals Disney+ and Netflix – at £7.99 a month. However, the video streaming service is also included as a perk of the annual Prime membership scheme, which also includes a number of other benefits, like speedy next-day delivery on items from Amazon at no extra cost, access to Prime Reading ebooks on their Kindle, free streaming from Amazon Music, and Prime Gaming. Regardless of whether you have Prime Video as part of an annual Prime membership or a standalone subscription, you'll enjoy the same experience within the app itself. Sports, shows and movies can be streamed via Prime Video on a smartphone (apps for both iPhone and Android are available), tablet (Android, iPad and Amazon Fire tablets are all supported), as well as a number of streaming devices, including Amazon Fire TV, Roku, and Apple TV. Set-top boxes, including Sky Q, Virgin Media's TV 360, Talk Talk and BT TV boxes are also supported by Prime Video. Playstation and Xbox games consoles are also supported. Not everything available as part of your Prime Video subscription will be available to watch when you're away from the UK. Prime Video, just like Netflix, BBC iPlayer, Sky Go and a number of other services, place restrictions based on your current location, which is determined by the IP address that your device was assigned when you connected to the internet. It's possible to bypass these geo-restrictions by employing a Virtual Private Network, or VPN, service. You can find some of the best options below...