A total of 386 members of the Russian Duma, the lower house of Russian parliament, have had their British assets made inaccessible and will not be able to travel to the country following a new wave of sanctions. These members are those who voted for the independence of Luhansk and Donetsk regions - a move which was widely received as a pretext for Russia's invasion. Recognising the independence of the regions justified Russia's movement of troops into the area just days before the invasion began. Liz Truss said the members are being targeted for their support of the "barbaric" invasion. She added: "We mean what we say. With our allies and partners, we will cripple the Russian economy and cut off Putin’s war machine."   Since the invasion began, the UK has sanctioned more than 500 of Russia's most significant and high-value individuals, entities and subsidiaries. After today's announcement, that figure has climbed to over 800 on the UK's sanction list. This includes asset freezes on 18 of Russia's leading oligarchs, with a combined worth in excess of £30billion.  Liz Truss added that the Government "will continue to tighten the screw on the Russian economy through sanctions. “Together with our allies, we stand firmly beside our Ukrainian friends. We will continue to support Ukraine with humanitarian aid, defensive weapons and diplomatic work to isolate Russia internationally.” The Government originally announced its intention to sanction the parliamentarians last month over their support for the Ukrainian breakaway regions of Luhansk and Donetsk. The move follows the announcement yesterday that seven more oligarchs linked to Vladimir Putin, including Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich, were being subjected to similar measures.  Sources have told Reuters that the US, G7 nations and the EU will move today to end trade relations with Russia. This will include allowing new tariffs on Russian goods. The EU has also announced that they will be doubling their financial aid to Ukraine, with foreign policy chief Josep Borrell announcing an extra €500million (£420million) in additional support. However, Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said on Facebook that the EU would not extend its sanctions to Russian energy. Meanwhile in Ukraine today, satellite pictures show Russian forces are regrouping northwest of Kyiv.    Britain has said that Moscow could be planning an assault on the city within days. Russia has promised a humanitarian corridor to allow evacuation from the port city of Mariupol. However, Ukrainians may not feel safe when evacuating, as the Ukrainian government has reported that Russia opened fire on previous escape routes. Volodymyr Zelensky accused Russia of being a “terrorist state”after its tanks prevented a delivery of food, water and medicine to the besieged city. The Ukrainian defence minister has claimed that Russian troops have killed more civilians than soldiers.