Sebastian Vettel will return for Aston Martin at the Australian Grand Prix to finally start his 2022 campaign. The team has confirmed Vettel is “now fit to race” after missing the Bahrain and Saudi Arabian Grands Prix. Vettel had been present at the pre-season test session in Bahrain but was unable to race in Sakhir after he caught coronavirus ahead of the first Grand Prix. Experienced F1 driver Nico Hulkenberg has filled in for the German at the first two races of the 2022 season. Posting on Twitter, Aston Martin said on Thursday: “We are pleased to confirm that Sebastian Vettel is now fit to race and will therefore line up alongside @lance_stroll in Melbourne to kick off his 2022 @F1 season at the @ausgrandprix." READ MORE: Sebastian Vettel confirmed to miss Saudi Arabian GP for Aston Martin Formula One replied to Aston Martin’s statement, adding: “Things you love to see. Welcome back, Seb!” Vettel’s return for the Melbourne race had been predicted by the team last weekend. After Aston Martin confirmed the German would not race in Jeddah, they added they “expect Vettel to be fit for the Australian Grand Prix”. Hulkenberg impressed many on his F1 return with two strong finishes in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia. He even beat Vettel's team-mate Lance Stroll in Jeddah, finishing 12th to the Canadian’s 13th. DON'T MISSRed Bull’s Sergio Perez calls for FIA ‘discussions’ [COMMENT]Hulkenberg's F1 2022 season prediction after Aston Martin simulator [INSIGHT]Nico Hulkenberg aims dig at F1 teams and their 'questionable taste' [COMMENT] It is the second time the German has been called up to race in F1 since he left the sport having filled in for Sergio Perez at Racing Point after he contracted coronavirus last year. Posting on Twitter, Hulkenberg said: “The last 10 days came unexpected - were very eventful, intense but amazing! Good times! Hulkenback 3.0 is a wrap.” However, some have called for the Le Mans 24 Hours winner to have been given a permanent race seat in the team. Ralf Schumacher said: “If I were them, I would stick with Nico Hülkenberg because he can obviously bring added value and has improved significantly in the race compared to Bahrain. And that was despite his tyre strategy being affected by the Safety Car. He did a great job, hats off. “There are really only two possibilities – either he has been underestimated for years or current regular drivers should be reconsidered.” Aston Martin have so far struggled for pace in 2022 and are yet to score any points. The team are powered by Mercedes engines which have struggled compared to the Ferrari and Red Bull powertrains so far this season.