The UK Government freezing all of Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich’s assets, including the football club itself, is quickly having a negative effect on the club. Although the businessman has created one of the best teams in the world, they could be set to lose some of their stars of tomorrow. Abramovich’s involvement with Russian President Vladimir Putin has seen Chelsea be sanctioned as a result and can no longer be sold. The Government have a firm grip over the Stamford Bridge outfit and are letting the club operate under a special licence until the 31st of May, though the conditions of that licence could change as talks continue. Chelsea being sanctioned means that the club cannot sell tickets to those who are non-season ticket holders, sell merchandise or be involved in any transfers. They are also not able to negotiate contract extensions with players already on their books, meaning that the departures of Cesar Azpilicueta, Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen look very likely now. JUST IN: Simeone sends message to Atleti chiefs about Lukaku amid Chelsea woes And the Blues could be set to lose some of the key players in their academy. According to Daily Mail reporter Sami Mokbel, two young players in the Chelsea academy were approached on Thursday by ‘top six clubs’ and wasted no time in trying to prise them away from the London club. Chelsea prides themselves on their academy and having a plethora of young, exciting talents that can progress into first-team regulars at the club. The Blues have sold several top talents over the past few seasons and will be keen to not lose any more – especially when it means that they will be improving their direct rivals for years to come. Tino Livramento, Marc Guehi and Tariq Lamptey have all left the Stamford Bridge outfit recently and are now flourishing at their respective clubs, and it would bring a tear to the eye of Blues fans if that trend continued. DON'T MISS Manchester United's next boss told the first signing he needs to make Chelsea's Abramovich sanctions could reshape Arsenal's transfer plans Man Utd urged to axe seven stars this summer as Rashford told to stay  Chelsea proved the strength and importance of their youth system against Norwich on Thursday night. The Blues beat Dean Smith’s bottom-placed Canaries 3-1, with academy graduates Trevoh Chalobah and Mason Mount scoring the opening two goals of the game to move eight points clear of Arsenal in fourth. Ruben Loftus-Cheek also came off of the bench to replace Cesar Azpilicueta in right wing-back to add to the Blues’ tally of homegrown talents. With a transfer ban imposed as well, Tuchel could find himself relying on the young players waiting in the wing to come through and showcase their talent. Speaking after his side’s victory against Norwich, the German said: “The result was excellent. It's never easy to win an away game. We played a very good first half. “We played in the second half with a bit of feeling maybe we had a higher lead. Suddenly the energy is back in the stadium and the opponent has nothing to lose but we dug in and managed to win which was important to us.” Asked about the mood amongst his squad off the pitch, he continued: “It would be a lie if I said I had no doubts but there is also a lot of trust. “We cannot influence it so we allowed ourselves to enjoy it. We have the privilege to play and sometimes it's good to sweat it out. We tried to work hard to get the focus out. I would love to talk about sport but of course, I understand you have a lot of questions. We are also an entertainment so that's why it is like this."