Four years ago to this very day, Jose Mourinho launched his famous "football heritage" rant over Manchester United's failings. Following the Red Devils' crushing Champions League exit at the hands of Atletico Madrid on Tuesday night, his words are now ringing more true than ever before. In March of 2018, Mourinho's United crashed out of the Champions League at its Round of 16 stage in a 2-1 defeat to Spanish opposition, evoking eerie parallels. On Tuesday night, it was Atletico who inflicted the latest bout of Manchester misery, but back then it was Sevilla. Following the loss, the iconic Portuguese manager launched into an astonishing tirade over the club's recent history of European downfalls as he attempted to quantify his own success at Old Trafford given the club's depleted squad and rapid decline. You could be forgiven for believing the quotes were from Ralf Rangnick the morning after United's latest setback. Listing United's recent European failings at the time, Mourinho blasted: "In 2012, out in the group phase. In 2013, out at Old Trafford in the last 16, I was on the other bench. JUST IN: Ex-Man Utd star Jaap Stam warns Erik Ten Hag over Old Trafford job  "In 2014, out in the quarter-final. In 2015, no European football. In 2016, back to European football, out in the group phase, goes to Europa League and on the second knockout out of the Europa League. In 2017, play Europa League, win Europa League with me and goes back to Champions League. In 2018, win the group phase with 15 points out of a possible 18 and loses at home in the last 16.” Mourinho then went on to compare United's drop in standards with Manchester City's ascent to the top, highlighting how they possessed more "football heritage" having claimed silverware on the back of well-calculated investments. He continued: “In the last seven years the worst position of Manchester City in the Premier League was fourth. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  "In the last seven years, Manchester City was champions twice and, if you want, say three times. They were second twice. That's heritage. Do you know what is also heritage? [Nicolas] Otamendi, Kevin De Bruyne, Fernandinho, [David] Silva, [Raheem] Sterling, [Sergio] Aguero. They are investments from the past, not from the last two years. “One day when I leave, the next Manchester United manager will find [Romelu] Lukaku, [Nemanja] Matic and [David] De Gea from many years ago. They will find players with a different mentality, quality, background, with a different status, know-how.  “The reality is that some clubs were ready to win. Other clubs are not ready to win. One thing is to go for the jugular and another is to build a different process.” Four years on, while City are continuing to steamroller their way to success, little has changed at Old Trafford. United are still devoid of a well-thought-out plan, they are still struggling to summon an elusive recipe for their own success and they still find themselves unable to make their mark in Europe.  