At the moment the current dominant variant is BA.2, itself a spinoff of Omicron, which quickly made its way through the UK during the winter. As a result of Omicron, everyone was encouraged to get a booster jab. The reason for this was down to the fact Omicron had the ability to evade the protection of two doses of the vaccine. Fortunately, it was found that a third jab boosted protection sufficiently to allow an individual to be protected from death and serious illness. READ MORE: How many paracetamols are dangerous according to experts  Around five months on from Omicron spreading and BA.2 is the dominant variant in the UK, but this hasn’t resulted in the same vaccine-based response due to its similarity to Omicron. The question is now over whether Deltacron will require different treatment. Speaking on BBC Breakfast on Saturday Dr Chris Smith was optimistic that the signs looked good. Nevertheless, the UK’s scientific and medicinal bodies are keeping on task in case it doesn’t turn out to be so.  With regard to symptoms, the WHO has not changed its guidance and revealed that Deltacron’s symptoms are very similar to those of Omicron. As a result, the symptoms to be mindful of are a high temperature, a new continuous cough, and a loss of taste and smell. Meanwhile, the most common symptoms of Omicron are a runny nose, headache, fatigue, sneezing, and a sore throat. If a person tests positive for Covid it is suggested, though not legally required, for them to self-isolate to stop the spread. However, they don’t have to as of two weeks ago, when the government lifted the last of its Covid restrictions. From April 1st free testing will be abandoned too. The worry is this could create a testing gap where only those who can afford tests will be able to buy them. Closer to home in time, case numbers have unsurprisingly started to rise. So too have hospitalisations, most notably in London where there has been a 27 percent increase in the number of patients being hospitalised with the virus. Vaccines are needed, and have been proven, to stop the spread of the virus and prevent a person from developing serious illness should they test positive. Despite the massive booster push in December, just over 45 percent of the capital’s population has received three jabs with 30 percent of Londoners completely unvaccinated. For more information on Covid-19 see the latest government guidance.