The Driver and Vehicles Licensing Agency (DVLA) have unveiled their new “tax it, don’t risk it” campaign, aiming to target the highest evading areas across the UK. It is hoped the new advertising campaign will remind motorists of the real risk of failing to tax their vehicles in a timely manner. The adverts are running on radio, poster sites, social media, digital channels and in print. Automated enforcement penalties for registered keepers of untaxed vehicles will be targeted. In addition, the DVLA’s enforcement teams and wheel clamping partners also travel around the UK as part of their day-to-day activity taking action against untaxed vehicles. Over 98 percent of vehicles are correctly taxed but the DVLA says: "it's right we take action against those who continue to break the law". READ MORE: Car tax changes will make working ‘pointless’ This year’s campaign focuses on the clear message that untaxed cars are ‘hard to hide, easy to tax’. For those who continue to flout the rules, the consequences include financial penalties, court action, clamping and even the loss of a car. Julie Lennard, Chief Executive of the DVLA, spoke of the need for such a campaign to be rolled out. She said: “This campaign has a clear message for anyone that delays or avoids taxing their vehicle. DON'T MISSNumber plate changes hit the UK this week [INSIGHT]Petrol prices smash all-time highs as drivers queue [SHOCKING]Boris Johnson slams 'thoughtless' car tax proposals during PMQs [COMMENT] “It really has never been easier to tax a vehicle, from using our 24/7 online service to direct debit options. “We want motorists to understand that it's not worth taking a risk and always tax their vehicles on time.” New DVLA data has shown that in 2021, London saw the highest number of total enforcement actions with 97,013. This includes drivers being fined, penalties and any vehicles clamped. Following London, Birmingham had the second most enforceable actions with 52,073 and Manchester in third with 28,703. Vehicle Excise Duty (VED) - known as vehicle tax, car tax or road tax - must be paid on the majority of vehicles registered in the UK. Any motorist caught driving without it could be fined up to £1,000. According to the Department of Transport, after tax discs were scrapped in 2014, the number of untaxed vehicles tripled. The RAC says that it is “virtually impossible” to get away without paying car tax because the DVLA runs monthly computer checks of all vehicles registered in the UK. If the system flags up a vehicle as being untaxed and not declared SORN, an automated letter and fine of £80 will be sent to the address of the registered keeper. Drivers won’t face any penalty points on their driving licence and if they pay the fine within 28 days, they should receive a 50 percent discount. If a motorist fails to pay the fine, they could be prosecuted, and the penalty could be increased to a maximum of £1,000 if the case goes to court. The DVLA also has the power to clamp a vehicle until the correct amount of tax is paid.