A cold snap is set to plunge Ukraine into freezing temperatures with forecasters predicting the next few days could drop to a frosty -10C with snowfall. However, on Wednesday the eastern European nation could see temperatures plummet even further to -20C, bringing new difficulties to the Russian army’s 40-mile-long armoured military convoy as well as displaced Ukrainians attempting to flee their war-torn homes.   The 40-mile convoy is said to be around 19 miles away from the centre of Kyiv, but has barely moved after running into logistical difficulties days ago. The large military convoy, which was first photographed on February 28 with satellite images released by Maxar Technologies, hasn't advanced beyond Hostomel, near Antonov Airport, a senior US defence official has said. The new freezing temperatures will likely make any progress even more challenging. Glen Grant, a senior defence expert at the Baltic Security Foundation, has stated Russian troops may be forced to flee as the tanks would act as huge refrigerators if the engine is not running as the temperature dips. READ MORE: Putin fumes at 'incompetent' KGB as invasion loses grip He told Newsweek: “A metal tank is just a fridge at night if you are not running the engine.” Mr Grant, who advised Ukraine on its military reform, stated “the boys [Russian troops] won’t wait, they will get out, start walking to the forest, and give themselves up” to avoid freezing to death. He continued: “You just can’t sit around and wait because if you are in the vehicle you are waiting to be killed. They are not stupid.” Meanwhile, Former British Army major Kevin Price stated the tanks in the freezing weather will become nothing more than “40-ton freezers”, causing morale to drop within the Russian army ranks, according to the Daily Mail. DON'T MISSUK faces 'no threat' from Russia thanks to 'secure' Norway gas supply [UPDATE]Riot fears as massive migrant crisis spills into Europe [INSIGHT]US Air Force jet named 'nuke sniffer' flies over Scotland [REVEAL]    The UK’s defence ministry and US defence officials have said the convoy hasn’t moved in the last few days. On Sunday, a senior US defence official stated: “There does not appear to be any significant movement along the Russian axes.” While it is unknown why movement has stalled, it is thought to be due to mechanical problems, fuel supply issues as well as mounting Ukrainian resistance. The Ministry of Defence issued an intelligence update on the convoy and stated: “The main body of the large Russian column advancing on Kyiv remains over 30km from the centre of the city having been delayed by staunch Ukrainian resistance, mechanical breakdown and congestion.”  