The state pension is usually paid every four weeks into an account of a person’s choice. Understanding when one is due to receive it will be key for managing income in retirement. Britons should also be aware they are paid in arrears - for the last four weeks, rather than the coming four weeks. But individuals should be aware of a temporary change on the horizon in April which may affect when they get their state pension. The day a person’s pension is paid usually depends on their National Insurance number. The Government has laid out what days a person can expect to be paid with this in mind. READ MORE: Pensioners could get up to £300 for heating bills Britons should look at the last two digits of their National Insurance number for guidance. If these digits are between 00 and 19, the payment day is Monday. Between 20 and 39 is Tuesday, and Wednesday is the day for those with numbers between 40 and 59. When a person has numbers between 60 and 79, their payment date is likely to be a Thursday. DON'T MISSState pensioners could get five key income top-ups [INSIGHT]Inheritance tax warning: Couples risk not being able to stay in home [ANALYSIS]State pension age is rising - and the way it increases is changing [UPDATE] Finally, if digits fall between 80 and 99, then the state pension can be expected on a Friday. For this reason, it is those who are paid on a Friday or a Monday who should pay attention. This is due to upcoming bank holidays potentially changing the time at which a person is paid. Good Friday this year falls on April 15, while Easter Monday is the following week on April 18. These are bank holidays and are therefore likely to affect when the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) is operating. The Government explains: “You might be paid earlier if your normal payment day is a bank holiday.” The last working day before the Easter bank holiday weekend is Thursday, April 14. Therefore, those expecting payment on Good Friday or Easter Monday are likely to be paid then. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This ensures people get the money they are entitled to without having to wait longer than usual. Thankfully, Britons will not have to take any action to receive their state pension early. This is because payments are typically adjusted automatically when it comes to bank holidays. Those who are set to receive their state pension payment outside of the Easter bank holiday should not expect any changes. They will be paid at the same time as normal.