Rebecca Sarker has been swept up with dramatic Emmerdale storylines in recent months as her character, Manpreet Sharma, has had to endure some horrors. Having watched her act in the hit ITV soap, some fans are keen to know more about the actress and her family life. Who is Rebecca Sarker married to? Express.co.uk has everything you need to know. Rebecca Sarker is best known for her role in Emmerdale where she plays Manpreet Sharma. She's endured a challenging time over the past few months as she discovered her sister Meena was a serial killer. Having watched Manpreet's family drama unfold on-screen, some soap fans are keen to know more about the actress' personal life. READ MORE: 'I just love it' Brenda Blethyn shares future plans for playing Vera The soap star has kept tight-lipped about her romantic life and the identity of her partner. The Emmerdale actress is reportedly married although further details of her relationship are unknown. 47-year-old Rebecca has two teenage sons and recently shared details of her family life. In a recent interview, the actress insisted she's eager to keep her personal life private, but was happy to talk about her sons. Clearly aware of the interest surrounding her home life, Rebecca said: "I need to set the record straight. I have two sons!" She revealed her eldest son wanted to get a mention in the press as his younger brother had previously. "My youngest is 10 and loves the fact that his older brother, now 15, is never mentioned and my eldest always wants me to remind everyone that I've got two boys. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale twist as Meena Jutla killed as Manpreet seeks revenge? [SPOILERS]‘Continuously clashing’ Last of the Summer Wine co-star feud unveiled [INSIGHT]Josie Gibson steps in as Holly Willoughby forced to miss This Morning [WATCH] "I say, 'Yes, darling. I will big you up at every opportunity'," she revealed. Making it clear she's very proud of her eldest son, Rebecca enthused about his talents and hobbies. "He's a black belt in karate, plays the guitar, and is very handsome," she gushed to OK! The actress has previously shared photos of herself with her two sons on social media. However, when it comes to her partner she's continuing to keep her cards close to her chest. Fans of Rebecca can keep an eye on her in Emmerdale in the coming weeks. In upcoming scenes, as her character Manpreet grows increasingly anxious in the lead up to Meena's plea hearing. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV.