There are more than 2.8 million people claiming PIP, a vital payment for those with disabilities and long-term conditions. Unfortunately, there is mounting evidence there are still many people in the UK with debilitating conditions and illnesses that do not get the support they need. Figures released by the government suggested those with disabilities and long-term conditions are facing significant and increasing delays and backlogs in the personal independence payment (PIP) system. The figures show striking delays in clearing PIP claims, which the DWP claims is down to the pandemic. The Department for Work and Pension's (DWP) latest report said it is currently taking 24 weeks, or six months, in total from the initial registration for PIP to a decision being made. The same time last year, a PIP claim took a total of 16 weeks - around four months. According to MacMillan, particularly at risk from delays are those with long term conditions like cancer that may or may not be permanent, and have a different effect on different people. Laura Burwell, 30, was diagnosed with Thyroid cancer in 2019 and is currently still undergoing treatment. She said: “The process of getting PIP has been relentless. Despite the life changing side effects of my cancer, the DWP told me that there was no evidence that I had any issues that would impact me day to day. “Fast forward three years and two more tumours and I’m still fighting to get the support I’m entitled to. “It’s hard to get better whilst trying to prove how sick you are to the authorities. “It has stopped me being able to celebrate being alive after all the gruelling treatment and surgeries I’ve gone through.” Christopher Jones, Team Leader on Macmillan’s Support Line, has advised Express.co.uk readers on what they can do if they are experiencing severe delays with their PIP. He said recipients should not be afraid to involve their local MP if they are not getting the support they need. He said: “People can involve their local MP to challenge severe delays in processing their PIP claim. You can contact your local MP yourself or with the help of a Welfare Rights Adviser if you need extra support.  DON'T MISSUniversal Credit claimants eligible for £144 broadband discount [REPORT]Pensioners missing out on thousands of pounds - have you checked? [INSIGHT]How to claim free NHS prescriptions if receiving Universal Credit [EXPLAINER] “Your local MP has a direct line to the DWP to escalate claims and investigate any particularly long delays, especially if they are giving you serious financial or health hardship. “Keeping a diary, noting when you have contacted the DWP, can be useful evidence for an MP or a Welfare Rights Adviser if they are looking to expedite your application.” “Keeping a note of any changes to your condition while you wait on the PIP application to be processed is useful so that further evidence of this can be sent to the DWP." Mr Jones also advised claimants to look out for other payments they could be entitled to. He continued: “People should make sure they have had professional input from a Welfare Rights adviser to see if there are any other areas of social security support they are entitled to receive. “A number of other UK benefits include disability elements similar (but not identical) to PIP, and people may be able to apply for these or add them to their existing benefits depending on their circumstances."