Gary Neville has given a damning verdict on Tottenham's star duo Harry Kane and Heung-min Son following their loss to Manchester United. Tottenham suffered a 3-2 defeat to United at Old Trafford, with Cristiano Ronaldo scoring a stunning hat-trick. The loss puts a huge dent in Spurs' hopes of finishing in the Premier League top four. Tottenham drew level twice but Ronaldo's late header condemned Antonio Conte's side to defeat. Neville was critical of Spurs' wing-backs Matt Doherty and Sergio Reguilon after the match. But he then singled out Kane and Son for criticism, saying they were particularly poor after Harry Maguire's own goal drew the game level at 2-2. Neville said on Sky Sports: "I've just dug out their wing-backs there but it's worth mentioning in the last 25 minutes the two best players. JUST IN: Chelsea told they could just 'fizzle away' as Paul Merson makes painful Blues admission  "Son was always on his backside, I don't know what was up with him, and Harry Kane gave the ball away more than I've ever seen. About five, six times in that last 20 minutes. So they were really poor. "After Spurs got back in the game at 2-2, those two players really should have gone on and won the game for Spurs but they were poor. "They had the worst period in the game, Son and Kane, in that last part. "So that was disappointing as well for Conte. I'm sure he'll look back and think I expect more from you." DON'T MISSArsenal could axe 13 players this summer as Mikel Arteta finalises Emirates clear-out [OPINION]Thomas Tuchel makes decision on leaving Chelsea as Man Utd show interest [REPORT]Bruno Fernandes absence explained as Man Utd star left out of squad vs Tottenham [INTERVIEW]  Tottenham stay seventh in the Premier League table, five points behind fourth-placed United with two games in hand. Spurs boss Antonio Conte felt his team deserved more out of the match. Speaking to BBC Sport, Conte said: "We have to be very disappointed for the loss because I think after a good performance like this you deserve much more. "This team has to continue to improve in many aspects. I think on the pitch the improvements are very clear because the team played in my opinion really good football and created chances to score.  "During the game there are many parts of the game and you have to know when to push and stay calm and I think we have a lot of space to improve. "For sure tonight we are to be disappointed for defeat but we will continue to work. "In every game we are scoring many goals. Against Manchester United we created many chances at the same time we have to improve the experience to manage the situation." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 