The sixth season of Outlander has finally arrived on Starz and StarzPlay with Jamie (played by Sam Heughan) and Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) set to face a fresh batch of challenges - this time courtesy of the Christie family. And while the first episode of the new run teed up an action-packed and gripping season of drama, it was a title card at the end which became one of the biggest talking points. Before the credits rolled of the Outlander season six premiere, a title card appeared in memory of Alan Decker. “In loving memory of our friend and colleague Alan Decker,” the tribute read. And it’s clear to see why Decker was honoured in such a way given his extensive work on the time-traveling drama. Decker worked as the re-recording mixer in the show’s sound department since day one, providing the finishing touches on pilot episode, Sassenach, in 2014. READ MORE: Outlander’s Sophie Skelton on importance of Claire and Brianna scene [EXCLUSIVE] For the next six years, Decker worked his magic on every episode right up until the season five finale, Never My Love, in 2020. Sadly, Decker died in December 2020 at the age of 69 in Los Angeles, California, USA. The Emmy winner’s CV also boasted a number of other high-profile series and films alongside Outlander. Keeping the Diana Gabaldon story company on his resumé are the likes of Showtime’s Homeland, Apple TV’s For All Mankind, and ABC’s The Rookie. Tributes flooded in for Decker at the time of his death with the Cinema Audio Society leading the way. CAS Board member David Bondelevitch said at the time: “Al was a really sweet guy and will be missed.” While the CAS itself penned: “The CAS extends our condolences to Alan’s family, friends, and colleagues.” Decker may not have gotten a chance to work on the season six premiere of Outlander but judging by viewers’ reactions, it’s one he would’ve been proud of. DON'T MISS:Outlander season 6: Roger star teases chaos with Allan and Malva [EXCLUSIVE]Outlander’s Sam Heughan hints series could continue ‘without’ him [QUOTES]How many episodes are in Outlander season 6? [EXPLAINER] With the episode being made available to stream on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK at midnight on March 6, it didn’t take long for diehard fans to stream the instalment. And taking to social media, the reaction was widely positive, with Twitter user @NordyJenn saying: “It’s so good to be back at Fraser’s Ridge! I was absolutely engrossed and engaged from start to finish. I will need to watch the episode at least a couple more times to process everything. #Outlander @Outlander_STARZ.” @Susied57 echoed: “I watched the first episode of season 6 @Outlander_STARZ at midnight. Everyone in the cast brought their A game but @SamHeughan hit it out of the park … again! If you watched it, tell me what you think but no spoilers, please.” And Rose Loughry added: “Watched @ midnight, then watched again!!! Will definitely do more viewing today! Why not!! It’s Outlander & that’s what you do!! “It was amazing! Thanks to all, from cast to cameramen, who work so hard, & to you Diana for giving us this incredible saga! So grateful it’s back." However, there was some criticism for the show’s twists and pace in its season six premiere. J La’Shay Black argued: “Dammit, y'all were doing so well ... I was actually liking the episode ... then y'all tripped over the finish line. As usual ... one step too far.  #Outlander.” While @donnahopkins97 suggested: “I found it a little slow. The actors were amazing and I realize they have to introduce the new characters and kind of set up the season. Sam always comes through.Good episode overall.” Outlander season 6 continues Sundays on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.