The FIA have been slammed for their statement on the future of Russian youngster Nikita Mazepin by ex-Formula 1 driver Karun Chandhok. The future of the Haas star has been a huge talking point over the last week ahead of the new season beginning in Bahrain later this month. The FIA confirmed that the Mazepin would continue to race in Formula 1, despite Russia’s recent invasion of Ukraine. However, he will have to do so under a neutral flag. A number of sports have issued sanctions against Russia and its athletes, including F1, after it was announced the Russian Grand Prix set to take place in September had been cancelled. However, driver Mazepin is one of the few Russian sportsmen that has been spared of any sanctions following his nation’s invasion of Ukraine. Regarding the Russian’s future, the FIA said: “Russian/Belarusian drivers, individual competitors and officials to participate in international/zone competitions only in their neutral capacity and under the 'FIA flag'. JUST IN: George Russell sends Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen title message - 'Same mindset'  “Subject to specific commitment and adherence to the FIA’s principles of peace and political neutrality." The statement has led to a whole host of mixed reactions within the sport, however one man who is ‘disappointed’ by the stance is Chandhok. In response to the FIA the former driver took to Twitter and wrote: “Have to say I'm a bit disappointed with this... “Was hoping for a stronger stand like the IOC has taken.” DON'T MISSMax Verstappen ‘signs bumper new Red Bull contract’ that contains Lewis Hamilton twistMercedes told 'easiest solution' to Hamilton and Russell troublesGeorge Russell makes FIA request to solve all-new Mercedes problem Following the FIA’s decision, Mazepin will be allowed to continue to compete under the governing body’s neutral flag, rather than his native Russia. On the matter, Chandhok added that the FIA should have taken a ‘stronger stand’ against Russian drivers, which would then ensure they would cut all ties with the Russian state by applying for racing nationality elsewhere in order to compete. When asked about Daniil Kvyat's stance on the matter, having hit out at FIFA, UEFA and the IOC for bans against Russians, Chandhok continued: “What isn’t very well known is that drivers can apply to other ASN’s [National Sporting Authorities] for their licences as the racing nationality is linked to their licence rather than passport. “Therefore a stronger stand from the FIA would ensure that the drivers also cut ties with Russia & apply elsewhere.” Mazepin himself released a statement early last week on the conflict, which he described as a ‘difficult time’ and ensured his focus was firmly on ‘working hard’ for his Haas team. He wrote: “To my fans and followers - it's a difficult time and I am not in control over a lot of what is being said and done. “I'm choosing to focus on what I CAN control by working hard and doing my best for my @HaasF1Team. My deepest thanks for your understanding and support.” 