An announcement from Ukraine’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs read that the Russian occupation forces illegally deported 2,389 children. The children were allegedly abducted from the occupied districts of Donetsk and Luhansk regions. According to the announcement, the operation took place on Saturday, as the war in Ukraine goes on for nearly four weeks now. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that the exported children were transported into Russian territory, in a chilling warning about what might happen to them. Ukraine says Russia is violating international humanitarian laws with such operations and called for other countries’ support. The horrific allegations come after a foreign policy expert has told Express.co.uk that Putin could be preparing to establish concentration camps in the country. Nile Gardiner said that the world could see the return of "concentration camps, inflicting horrific, horrendous suffering on the Ukrainian people". The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine said: “The forcible transfer of civilians to the territory of the aggressor state, including children, shows signs of abduction. READ MORE: Horror as premature babies abandoned in bombed Mariupol hospital "Such actions are a gross violation of international law, in particular international humanitarian law. "By destroying homes and killing parents, Russia is depriving Ukrainian children of parental care and putting their lives in further danger in Russia.” And they continued: “We call on the international community to respond immediately to the illegal removal of children, to increase pressure on Russia to force it to end the barbaric war against the Ukrainian people.” The Ukrainian Ministry said that the abduction of children, as well as “hundreds” of other crimes of the Russian occupiers against civilians in Ukraine, are “carefully documented by law enforcement agencies.” DON'T MISS: Biden confirms Putin's use of horrifying hypersonic missilesRussia laying MINES around Kyiv in desperate attempt to clinch victoryPutin's five lies about Ukraine before brutal invasion