 Peaky Blinders season six has already been jam-packed with intense drama and there’ll be more to come in the upcoming film. While key characters Tommy (played by Cillian Murphy) and Arthur Shelby (Paul Anderson) have been confirmed for the movie, the rest of the cast has yet to be announced. However, the BBC drama’s creator, Stephen Knight, has recently spoken out about the importance of the new characters in season six, insisting they play an integral role in setting up the film.    In a recent interview, Stephen chatted about the current series and how it will shape the direction of the upcoming Peaky Blinders film. He explained: “In series six we’re bringing in the new generation, and they are going to be part of what happens in [the] film. “I think it’s finding those actors that you just watch and you think, there you go. There’s the future. “The film, I know exactly what it’s about. And I know what two stories it’s going to tell. How the story will unfold, I don’t know. What will happen after that, I want that to depend on the film. READ MORE: Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star  “For all we know, somebody is going to pop out – I think I know who it’s going to be,” Stephen teased to Esquire. As he highlighted the importance of the “new generation”, Stephen could be hinting newcomer Duke Shelby (Conrad Khan) will play a key role in the future. Viewers recently discovered Duke is the illegitimate son of Tommy and his eldest biological child. Tommy only recently became aware of Duke’s existence after losing his daughter Ruby Shelby (Orla McDonagh).    Esme Shelby-Lee (Aimee-Ffion Edwards) revealed the truth to Tommy, explaining Duke’s mother was a woman named Zelda. Tommy slept with Zelda at Appleby Fair before he left to fight in the Great War. By the time Zelda discovered she was pregnant with Duke, Tommy had already gone to war in France. Now that his mother has died, Duke works alone as a thief in the fairgrounds. DON'T MISS...‘Mortified!’ Jane McDonald recalls memory of ‘big event’ from youth [MUST SEE]Call the Midwife star on being banned from reading scripts early [INSIGHT]Top Boy’s Sully star Kane Robinson speaks out on season 2 finale [UPDATE]  However, now Tommy knows Duke is his son, could he have a different path ahead of him? Esme has offered to send Duke to Tommy, but it’s currently unknown whether he’ll be willing to take the teenager in. Will Tommy decide to show his estranged son the ropes in the hopes he will one day take over? Previously, series six director Anthony Byrne hinted Stephen was keen to do a spin-off series with the younger cast members.   “Steve wants to do a spin-off show featuring younger Peakies who we might see potentially coming to London and causing havoc and maybe getting involved with other gangs,” Anthony told Digital Spy. Could this mean the younger generation will begin to take charge in the upcoming Peaky Blinders movie? Will Duke end up replacing Tommy for good? Fans will have to tune in to find out. Peaky Blinders series 6 continues on Sundays at 9pm on BBC One. 