Tammy Abraham does not want to leave Roma despite interest from Manchester United. The England international joined Roma last summer from Chelsea and has starred at the Stadio Olimpico. With Abraham having proved himself in Italy, some, such as United, are reportedly lining up moves for him in the summer. The Red Devils will be in the market for a new striker ahead of next season, with Edinson Cavani expected to leave Old Trafford when his contract expires. But according to Tuttosport, United will need to turn their attention away from Abraham in their search for a new frontman. It is stated that Abraham is 'really happy' in the Italian capital and is 'not considering' leaving the Stadio Olimpico this summer. That will be welcome news for Roma, who themselves have 'no interest' in selling the striker. Mourinho has successfully built his team around Abraham, which has brought out the best in the striker. READ MORE: Man Utd ‘ready to splash £76m on Tammy Abraham' despite Chelsea clause The Roma hierarchy are fully behind the Portuguese boss, with Abraham seen as being a 'big part' of the club's future. His impressive performances have seen him crowned the Serie A player of the month for March. Two goals in the Derby della Capitale were the highlight of his month, with Roma now sixth in the Italian top-flight. There is a clause in his contract that states Chelsea can sign him for £68million, but this will only become active at the end of next season. DON'T MISS: Chelsea shown exactly what they're missing as Abraham breaks record (INSIGHT)Mourinho wants Abraham 'to help complete Chelsea transfer raid (TRANSFERS)Jose Mourinho gave ex-Chelsea ace Tammy Abraham three pieces of advice (NEWS) He has scored 23 goals in all competitions, a record for a player in their first season with Roma. That has helped Jose Mourinho's men to rise into the European qualification places and reach the quarter-finals of the Europa Conference League. Having struggled for game time at Chelsea under Thomas Tuchel, Abraham has proven he can be a consistent goalscorer for a top team. Premier League sides have kept a close eye on the 24-year-old since his exit from Stamford Bridge.