Although drinking yourself to health might sound like a tempting concept, not all alcohol offers health benefits. Plus, moderation is key. However, if you’re a Guinness fan, you’ll be pleased to know that the creamy pint offers three important nutrients. “Some people who are Irish might have a small sherry today but they are more likely to have one of these,” Lorraine said pointing to a glass of the deep-coloured liquid. In response, Dr Hilary remembered a popular advert linked to Guinness that shared the message: “Tall, dark and have some”. What’s more, that’s also the advice of the health professional as the popular beer offers calcium, iron and vitamin B. Raising a glass, he said: “This is full of calcium, which is good for teeth and bones. READ MORE: Covid vaccine: Woman dies from ‘sudden and catastrophic’ side effect - warning signs “I used to prescribe it, you know, on the wards. “Plenty of iron in there for oxygen supply to the body through red blood cells. “And it’s also got some vitamin B in it, which is very good for brain function, which is why the Irish are so intelligent, of course. “And [it’s] also good for energy levels, so I will be boosting my energy and drinking to St. Patrick’s day.” Apart from boosting the mineral and vitamin levels in your body, the smooth drink could be also potent for your heart. A health portal Push Doctor, partnered with the NHS, stressed that the “idea that a small amount of alcohol might be good for heart health is nothing new”. While red wine might be better known for these effects, Guinness also made the cut. Push Doctor even explained this was put into a test in a 2003 study from the University of Wisconsin. The research shared that just over a pint of Guinness could cut your risk of blood clots and consequently the chances of a heart attack. The reason why the drink brewed from water, barley, hops and yeast can aid your heart are flavonoids. If you’re not aware, flavonoids are plant-based antioxidants packed in darker drinks, ranging from stout beer to red wine. These goodies are also typically found in the likes of dark fruits and berries, green and red vegetables as well as spices. Although Guinness seems to offer some health benefits, it’s important to remember that drinking alcohol is still deemed harmful by health bodies. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports that alcoholic beverages can lead to both short-term and long-term health risks. While alcohol poisoning and injuries are often linked to a single night out, cancer and high blood pressure are associated with a longer and excessive use. Drinkaware concluded: “To keep health risks from alcohol low, the UK Chief Medical Officers' (CMO) low risk drinking guidelines advise it is safest for men and women not to drink more than 14 units a week on a regular basis.”