Attendance Allowance could make a huge difference in someone’s life as the department for work and pensions (DWP) give successful claimants £388 a month. However the DWP rejects 58 percent of new Attendance Allowance claims, research from Benefit Answers has shown.  The Attendance Allowance application, otherwise known as the AA1 form, contains a number of personal questions. Questions 27 to 43 are especially focused on a person's care needs in relation to their personal tasks. It is crucial for a person to mention the impact of their illness or disability. Attendance Allowance is paid to pensioners who are physically or mentally disabled to help them pay for a carer. As long as they have reached the state pension age of 66, the DWP decides on a rate of £60 or £89.60 per week. READ MORE: Are you eligible for free NHS prescriptions? List of qualifying medical exemptions Other questions relate to how one uses a toilet, if they need any help eating and drinking, whether they require assistance getting dressed or undressed and if they need help navigating the stairs. Not providing as much detail as possible can see pensioners missing out on over £4,000 a year. Before sending the form to DWP, people must also attach any supporting information including GP letters, their care plan or prescription lists. Attendance Allowance is not means-tested and can be paid regardless of a person's income, savings or national insurance contribution record. The Government has confirmed that Attendance Allowance is set to increase by 3.1 percent this year. Once the proposed payment rate changes come into effect on April 11, 2022, Attendance Allowance will rise to £92.40 for those on a higher rate. The increase will see people on a lower rate receiving £61.85. The maximum Attendance Allowance rate amounts to £358.40 a month. More than £15billion is unclaimed in benefits like Attendance Allowance, Personal Independence Payments and Universal Credit every year. As the cost of living hits a 30 year high, people are being reminded to check that they are receiving all the benefits they are entitled to. The Government has confirmed that Attendance Allowance is set to increase by 3.1 percent this year. Once the proposed payment rate changes come into effect on April 11, 2022, Attendance Allowance will rise to £92.40 for those on a higher rate.