Liverpool are no closer to tying Mo Salah down to a new deal at Anfield, with the Egyptian and his entourage not impressed with the club's most recent offer. Fans continue to hold their breath with his current deal set to expire next year, but reports indicate that talks have completely broken down for the past three months. Salah is, once again, blazing a trail in the Premier League scoring charts with 19 this campaign, which is seven more than his nearest challengers. To make his lead even more emphatic, he has more than twice as many assists as any of the league's eight current top scorers. To put it simply, Salah has been a revelation since signing from Roma in 2017. And with another tremendous individual season already in the bag, the 29-year-old is supposedly keen to see his wages match up with other Premier League heavy hitters. JUST IN: Chelsea backed by major sponsor despite Roman Abramovich crisis According to Fabrizio Romano, Salah and his agent have no intention of agreeing to the terms Liverpool have put on the table. The flying winger would prefer to stay on Merseyside, but the dire nature of the situation is illustrated by the notion that talks have completely broken down since December last year. The development follows claims from manager Jurgen Klopp that Liverpool are doing 'all they can' to secure Salah's future. His agent cryptically responded to those comments on Twitter shortly afterwards, with a barrage of laughing face emojis.  Salah is believed to be among the Reds' highest earners at present, but his £200,000-a-week pay packet pales in comparison to the division's most lucrative contracts. Despite his superb output, Salah's current arrangement leaves him well outside the top 10 highest reported Premier League salaries, with Cristiano Ronaldo and Kevin De Bruyne believed to be leading the way. Liverpool fans could see their worst fears come true in due course, as the 29-year-old has spoken fondly of both Real Madrid and Barcelona in the past. And things could move quickly in the summer if both parties are unable to agree on suitable terms that would lock down Salah's future while the goals are still flowing. On one hand, the Reds could take the plunge and allow Salah to run down the final year of his contract, which would give them another 12 months to try and negotiate renewed terms. But the prospect of losing him for free in 2023 could prove too much, and Liverpool may be pressured to cash in while they can. After all, Europe's wealthiest clubs are sure to sit up and take note if the prolific talisman becomes available, which could land the Reds with some serious cash in the process.