Whether a person is new to fitness or a seasoned professional in the gym, getting a personal trainer could be a great way to ensure they reach your goals in a timely yet realistic manner. There are numerous benefits to having someone guide you through a lifestyle change, whether it's major or minor. Starting something for the first time can be daunting and a weight loss journey especially, can be a lonely one. If you're looking to kickstart your new way of life, these handy pointers outline the purpose of a personal coach, and could help you to decide whether it's the best option for you. A coach isn't just there to put you through a gruelling exercise routine, they can teach a client everything they need to know about what type of exercises would be most effective for them. Learning how to use specific equipment and proper form is also important to minimise injury. They also have an advanced know ledge of human physiology and body mechanics, behaviour change, exercise science, and more. READ MORE: Sheridan Smith weight loss: Behind TV star's impressive 2 stone drop It's natural to set unrealistic goals to work towards, but sometimes this can hinder your efforts rather than help them. Working with a coach allows them to assess the client's potential, giving them the information they need to set personal goals to reach each week/month. This way, people wanting to lose weight or get fit are working towards attainable targets and are more likely to notice progress, encouraging them to stay motivated. DON'T MISS...Fitness: Experts unveil exercise tip to 'extend your life expectancy' [LATEST]Dwayne Johnson abs: Diet plan for weight loss [DIET PLAN]Weight loss: Slimmer ditched 3 foods to combat her menopause [REAL LIFE] One of the most challenging parts about losing weight or getting fit is sticking to a regimented plan. Even the most dedicated of people can fall victim to a lack of consistency from time to time. By booking a session with a personal trainer, it can help individuals push themselves to get up off the sofa in order to attend the appointment. Nothing feels better than having something personalised, so why skimp when it comes to our workout and diet plans? A personal trainer will learn the ins and outs of their client's bodies and needs to identify what's the best option for them to get the best results. Recent research found by Healthline also indicates there are additional benefits to tailored programmes rather than generic ones found online. Whether a person is going for a run or heading to the gym, we can all be creatures of habit and even though you're working out, it doesn't necessarily mean it's challenging enough to reflect progress. A personal trainer can introduce their clients to a range of different exercises that can target certain body parts and the switch up can work the muscles harder. Not only will a person find themselves becoming more experimental with new workout ideas, it'll decrease the chance of boredom and hitting a plateau. There are thousands of different personal trainers out there, all who can specialise in a range of different areas while harbouring the same knowledge. There is someone for everyone, regardless of physical abilities, level of experience, location, or budget. Since lockdown, online personal training has boomed as people who wanted to shift some weight or try their hand at adopting a healthier lifestyle during isolation could maintain a semi-normal routine from the comfort of their own homes. Sessions typically range from half an hour to a hour, depending on a client's schedule.