Sam Heughan has played highland heartthrob Jamie Fraser since the very first series of Outlander, winning a legion of fans for the role. Over the years, viewers have seen Jamie fall for time traveller Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) and face numerous hurdles, including the Battle of Culloden and being unable to claim his son William Ransom (Oliver Finnegan). As fans prepare to watch the sixth run of the Starz series, actor Sam has opened up on whether it could continue without his much-loved character Jamie. Fans are desperate to know how the series will end for Jamie and Sam, 41, asked author Diana Gabaldon for answers. As a result, Sam knows what is on the horizon for Outlander and confirmed it could continue long after Jamie’s death. “I know how it ends, Diana has told me, but we still have a long way to go before we get to that,” he explained. “Diana Gabaldon has so many other books, like the Lord John series, and she’s writing a prequel to Outlander about Jamie’s parents. READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up “So I can absolutely see Outlander without me.” Sam added to The Times: “Diana Gabaldon has this whole world in her head, and how she ties up all those loose ends I have no idea.” Teasing series six, the actor explained there’s a lot going on in 18th Century North America with the Revolutionary War approaching. Claire and Jamie will also be facing crises of their own closer to home on Fraser’s Ridge with the arrival of the Christie family. He added to the publication: “This season we do start to pull on more of what’s going on in, dare I say, other parts of time. “We’re really starting to see these other stories, a lot of the other characters have their own storylines. “This season, and definitely next season, we are going to see a lot more of that coming into play.” Meanwhile, Sam has opened up on how “awkward” filming sex scenes can be, even after working with co-star Caitriona for eight years. DON'T MISS...Outlander’s Richard Rankin shares concerns series wouldn’t return [EXCLUSIVE]Outlander season 6 release time: When does Outlander start on Starz? [UPDATE]Outlander's Sam Heughan rules out James Bond role [LATEST] In fact, the actor brought an intimacy co-ordinator on board for the latest batch of filming. “It was a very different world when we started Outlander eight years ago,” Sam told Radio Times. “Caitríona and I have obviously developed an amazing relationship and feel very comfortable with each other, but it’s also really important for other people to feel comfortable.” Sam said of having Vanessa on board: “[Vanessa] gave us tools to try and show that intimacy. “It was helpful to have someone there to help us navigate it as it can be quite awkward.” Fans will no doubt be pleased to hear Claire and Jamie are intimate and remain close, especially after what the time traveller went through in the season five finale. Jamie will be on hand to support his wife after her ordeal but also give her space as she tries to deal with the aftermath of her attack. Outlander season 6 premieres Sunday 6 March on Starz in the US and StarzPlay in the UK.