Microsoft is adding some unmissable new games to Xbox Game Pass tomorrow (Thursday March 9 2022), with console, PC and cloud players all getting some new games to sink their teeth into. Undoubtedly the biggest addition to Xbox Game Pass so far in March 2022 will be Square Enix's Guardians of the Galaxy, a critically acclaimed action adventure game which first launched a few months ago in October 2021. The Eidos-Montreal developed game, which boasts an 84 percent Metacritic rating for the Xbox version, will be available for console, cloud and PC gamers. Besides Guardians of the Galaxy, three other games will be available for all Xbox Game Pass players. Cloud, console and PC Xbox Game Pass users will also have access to the much-lauded Kentucky Route Zero, acquatic adventure Far: Changing Tides (which is launching on Game Pass on Day One) and Young Souls - a beat em up RPG mash-up which is also available on XGP at launch. Elsewhere, March 10 will also see Microsoft Flight Simulator available to play via the cloud. This is great news for fans of the series on Xbox One, as the 2021 hit game was only released for PCs and the Xbox Series X and S. But thanks to the power of the cloud anyone on an Xbox One device, or even using their laptop or smartphone, will be able to play this next-generation game.  Other games arriving on Xbox Game Pass on March 10 are Lightning Returns (the final chapter of the Final Fantasy 13 trilogy) and Lawn Moving Simulator. Speaking about the bumper March 2022 releases for Xbox Game Pass, Megan Spurr, the community lead for XGP, said: "Sometimes it doesn’t have to be just what’s coming soon to Game Pass. Why not have great games both coming soon and available today? We’re keeping the ball rolling with games you can play on your PC, Xbox console, or with cloud gaming on the device of your choice." Microsoft has also revealed games that will be leaving the Xbox Game Pass library later this month. On March 15 four games will be exiting Xbox Game Pass, including the critically acclaimed Nier Automata.  Here are all the games leaving the Xbox Game Pass library next week: - Nier: Automata (Cloud, Console, and PC) - Phogs! (Cloud, Console, and PC) - Torchlight III (Cloud, Console, and PC) - The Surge 2 (Cloud, Console, and PC) 