The past two years have definitely put health at the forefront of most minds doing all we can to feel at our tip-top selves. When embarking on a new health regime many turn to supplements to help reduce unusual symptoms and improve our overall health and wellbeing. Supplements are an excellent way to help with a number of ailments, however, be cautious. There are a number of daily pills which should not be taken together. You are most likely to have side effects from dietary supplements if you take them at high doses or instead of prescribed medicines, or if you take many different supplements. The cause as to why some supplements shouldn’t be taken together include a multitude of reasons. Such as, interfering with the absorption of smaller minerals found in the multivitamin, counteracting their abilities or increasing other unusual symptoms. READ MORE: Diabetes: High blood sugar damage can cause Charcot's foot  Supplements which you should not take at the same time include:  When taking your daily magnesium, dietician Erin Stokes recommends not taking it at the same time as your multivitamin. The cause is that it may interfere with the absorption of smaller minerals found in the multivitamin, like iron and zinc. Additionally, she says to refrain from taking calcium, magnesium or zinc together as they will “compete for absorption.” Studies have shown that a person’s absorption of Vitamin K may be reduced when other fat-soluble vitamins such as Vitamin E and Vitamin D are taken together. Both omega-3 and Gingko Biloba have blood-thinning potentials and if taking both together, there may be an increased risk for uncontrollable bleeding or having an inability to clot. If you are taking copper supplements because of copper deficiency, avoid taking zinc at the same time. Zinc can help to boost the immune system but can interfere with your body’s absorption of copper. Green tea in large amounts can cause iron deficiency and taking iron supplements is said to decrease the efficacy of green tea. For this reason, these are suggested to not be taking together. Pharmacist Scott McDougal said: "If you take vitamin C together with vitamin B12, then the former can break down the latter in your digestive tract. "This reduces your vitamin B12 absorption, [which] can cause a number of physical and psychological issues." Considering all the health benefits associated with vitamin C supplementation, it would not be surprising if you were still keen on taking the vitamin. If this is the case, but you are currently treating a vitamin B12 deficiency, McDougall shares his top tip to keep you safe. "Take vitamin C and vitamin B12 at least two hours apart,” he recommended.