In astrology, Taurus is the second sign of the zodiac. It is the star sign that represents those born between April 20 to May 20. As for what this week is going to bring for Taurus, experts have revealed their predictions. Taurus is an earth sign represented by the bull. Like their spirit animal, those with the star sign Taurus enjoy serene environments. Taurus is also ruled by Venus, the enchanting planet that governs love, beauty, and money. And the Venusian influence makes this earth sign the most sensual of the zodiac. READ MORE: Horoscopes: Your weekly horoscope - what do the stars have in store? So with that in mind, what does this week have in store for Taurus in terms of romance and career? According to horoscope.com, Taurus will “kick off a very busy weekend with a night of sensual pleasure when the full moon is in Virgo, illuminating your pleasure zone on Friday”. “Whether you’re expressing yourself through art, creative hobbies, or your body, you’ll surely have a fun night, Taurus, even if you’re by yourself. “You’ll need a relaxing night because the rest of the weekend could bring some tension, starting with Venus in Aquarius forming a square with Uranus in your sign on Saturday.” DON'T MISS...Nutritionist's 5 healthy food swaps to lose weight quickly [EXPERT]Asda, Sainsbury’s and Aldi remove Russian products from shelves [UPDATE]Woman shed 7.5st by making one change to diet [EXCLUSIVE] In terms of work, the astrologers explained: “With constant work meetings, networking events, and overtime, you might be feeling trapped at your job. “Something needs to change or you’ll burn out. “Especially when the Sun enters Aries and your subconscious zone on Sunday. “This transit will have you feeling a little more temperamental and combative than usual, so look for outlets that will get your emotions out, especially any physical activity. “Moving your body will help clear your head,” they added. As for the rest of the month, Taureans have been warned not to “give too much” of their “energy to others”. “It’s also worth remembering that you can’t save people from themselves, no matter how clearly you see the solutions to their problems. “Make an effort to gravitate toward people who are stable in their own lives, so you can direct your efforts toward community service or humanitarian organizations that speak to you on a soul level.” On March 18, “the Virgo full moon [is going to] shine a light…giving you a chance to prioritize your desires”. Experts suggest: “Use this lunar event as an excuse to let your hair down with friends who won’t drag you down with their baggage, or opt to spend the evening at home working on a creative project.” There are some “standout days” on the horizon for Taurus, March 18 and 28. As for the “challenging days”, they have been named as March 19 and 21.