Last Thursday, Italy's shocking 2022 World Cup qualifying exit sparked speculation about Roberto Mancini's job security, despite the summer's European Championship success. North Macedonia netted a stoppage-time winner to stun Mancini's men and advance to the play-off final against Portugal. Italy dominated the game in Palermo, keeping 65 per cent possession and taking 32 shots compared to North Macedonia's four. But the visitors made theirs count, and the European champions won't be at the world's greatest football competition for a second edition running. Mancini has been one of the several names linked with the permanent Manchester United manager job since Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's sacking in November 2021. And with Italy's winter World Cup involvement now off the table, a factor stifling the club's interest in Spain boss Luis Enrique, suggestions he could be a leading candidate have re-emerged. However, multiple reports in Italy suggest Mancini will remain in his post as the nation's manager after signing a contract extension until 2026 last year. And after the humiliating defeat to North Macedonia, FIGC President Gabriele Gravia stressed he would not dismiss the 57-year-old. JUST IN: Newcastle recommended 'superstar signing' to take Howe's XI up a level Reports also delve into Mancini's thinking, stating he has decided not to step down from his position, and Tuesday's friendly against Turkey won't be his last at the helm. One outlet, in particular, claimed there was a 99.9 per cent chance the former Manchester City manager won't resign in the aftermath of his worst night in the role yet. United have narrowed their manager search down to four candidates after Chelsea head coach Thomas Tuchel exited to running. Luis Enrique joins Ajax's Erik ten Hag, Paris Saint-Germain's Mauricio Pochettino and Sevilla's Julen Lopetegui on a shortlist of names the club want to interview as part of the process. READ MORE: Arsenal warned of big Rashford problem which could end interest Ten Hag is the current favourite ahead of his inevitable Ajax departure this summer, and local sources have revealed he is United's preferred option. However, the Red Devils aren't the only party keeping an eye on his situation; he is the subject of interest from two other clubs, including one from the Premier League. But football director John Murtough has utilised the three-week break since United's last game against Atletico Madrid to push his selection process forward. And with three candidates reportedly now spoken to, a decision of the successful hopeful could be imminent. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.