   Dancing On Ice presenter Holly Willoughby shared her dazzling new dress with fans ahead of tonight’s episode. The ITV favourite sparked a frenzy on Instagram, while her followers were quick to compliment its “fabulous” design.     Holly, 41, could be seen rocking a Sophie Couture dress with a black bodice and shimmering silver skirt decorated with sequins and delicate black flowers. The star wore her hair in a relaxed down-do with her golden locks tucked behind one ear to show off her stunning earrings from W Salamoon & Sons. Addressing her 7.6 million followers, she wrote: “Tonight on @dancingonice we celebrate Jayne and Chris as our remaining skating stars dance routines inspired by classic Torvill and Dean performances… “See you on @dancingonice at 6:30pm…” she added, before tagging the brands that had helped make her look possible. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update     The star has impressed her fans week after week with her various gowns while presenting ITV’s hit ice skating show and today was no expectation. Hundreds of followers took to the comments section to compliment Holly on her enviable gown. Dancing On Ice judge Oti Mabuse sent a number of flames and heart-eye emojis with the caption: “Yessss ma’am”. One fanpage, holly_willsqueen.xo, wrote: “Absolutely gorgeous love the design on this dress!!”      “This is different I absolutely love it,” added another named beautywillsxx with heart emojis. Lily commented: “Stunning! Once again! You’re probably the most perfect person in Showbiz.” “Best dress so far x,” penned Sandra Mccaskell, while Kirsty Dunn added: “That dress is stunning.” (sic) This week, the Dancing On Ice celebs will take on an iconic routine from the career of ice skating stars Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean. READ MORE... 'Horrible, tragic' Martin Lewis bids farewell after worrying warning [LATEST] ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [NEWS] Alex Scott talks co-star Gary Lineker's rare 'emotional' on-air moment [NEWS]      The iconic skating duo will sit on the panel as always alongside fellow judges Oti and Ashley Banjo. Holly and her This Morning co-host Phillip Schofield return to present the show as the competition continues to heat up. Celebs still skating on the ITV show include The Vamps star Connor Ball, BMX Olympic hero Kye Whyte, Paralympic medallist Stef Reid and Regan Gascoigne, the son of legendary footballer Paul Gascoigne. Former Strictly professional Brendan Cole and Pussycat Doll Kimberly Wyatt remain the competition’s front-runners, as they topped the leaderboard once again last week.      Meanwhile, Coronation Street’s Sally Dynevor was sent home after a skate-off with her professional partner Matt Evers against Kye and his partner Tippy Packard. Tonight, Brendan and his pro partner Vanessa Bauer will be skating to Let's Face The Music and Dance by Frank Sinatra. Kimberly and partner Mark Hanretty are going for a more recent track, performing to Puttin' On The Ritz by Robbie Williams. Dancing On Ice continues Sundays on ITV.   