His mother replies: “Where are you then? Papa is asking whether I can send you a parcel.”He replies: “What kind of a parcel mama can you send me?”His mother then asks what has happened and he responds: “Mama, I'm in Ukraine.“There is a real war raging here. I'm afraid. We are bombing all of the cities together, even targeting civilians. “We were told that they would welcome us and they are falling under our armoured vehicles, throwing themselves under the wheels and not allowing us to pass. “They call us fascists. Mama. This is so hard.” The final text was sent shortly before the soldier’s death, Mr Kyslytsya claimed.He also compared Mr Putin’s behaviour with that of Adolf Hitler in 1945, saying:  “Very clear parallels can be drawn with the beginning of the Second World War.”Mr Kyslytsya also took a swipe at Mr Putin over his decision to place Russia’s nuclear forces on alert.He said: “If he wants to kill himself he doesn't have to use a nuclear arsenal, he has to do what the guy in Berlin did in a bunker in 1945.”Emphasising the urgency of the situation, Mr Kyslytsya explained: “If Ukraine does not survive, international peace will not survive.'If Ukraine does not survive, the United Nations will not survive. Have no illusions. If Ukraine does not survive, we cannot be surprised if democracy fails next.” The Security Council meeting opened with the news that the United States was kicking out 12 Russian UN diplomats whom Washington accused of spying.It will this week vote on a draft resolution calling for Russian troops to pull out of Ukraine.UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres told the assembly. “Although Russian strikes are reportedly largely targeting Ukrainian military facilities, we have credible accounts of residential buildings, critical civilian infrastructure and other non-military targets sustaining heavy damage.“The guns are talking now, but the path of dialogue must always remain open. We need peace now."Russian Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia reiterated his country's assertions that what it calls a "special military operation" in defence of two breakaway areas in eastern Ukraine was being misrepresented.