Kelley said on her blog RealHouseMoms: "The correct way to clean up the area and prevent it from returning is not what most people do." Kelley explained the mistake most people make when trying to remove the black mould from the walls is using bleach. She said: "Most people quickly grab the bottle of Clorox to remove mould, thinking it will kill everything, but it doesn’t. "Mould will actually feed on the Clorox. It will return over and over again and can be a vicious cycle. Using Clorox will also harm the paint, especially if you are trying to get it off of sheet rock." Clorox is a commercial bleaching agent. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares quick ‘hack’ to remove carpet stains  Instead of using bleach, Kelley recommended two products she found in the United States: Concrobium Mold Control and Zep Clear Shell Mold and Mildew Inhibitor. Although these products can be bought on Amazon and shipped worldwide, similar products can be found in the UK, such as Cillit Bang Black Mould Remover Foam Spray or Dettol Mould and Mildew Remover Spray. She explained: "They are safe and won’t harm your skin. "First, spray the Concrobium Mold Control, let it sit for a few seconds and then scrub with a damp cloth.  "You may have to use a little elbow grease or a second spray for set in mould, but most of it will wipe right off. "Once it is dry, just spray on the Zep Clear Shell and let it dry. "It’s that easy and all the mould is gone leaving your paint job intact. "The best part is the mould will not come back." User Ivy Baker commented on the blog post saying: "This is some really good information about mould removal. I liked that you pointed out that you should get things like leaky pipes fixed. "I know that I wouldn't want any mould to come back. Fixing things like that would definitely help with that." Rachel said: "I had no idea bleach would make things worse, so glad I read this!" Lois agreed: "Mould is my nightmare! We have moisture in your kitchen and it is very hard to deal with it as it is coming back again and again. Thanks for the post! I find it very helpful." Natalie Darcy shared her experience: "I’ve had an issue with black mould in my bathroom and it’s been very difficult to get rid of. "And that finally worked. Now that it is gone, I wanted to find ways to keep it away! "Thank you for your helpful tips." Mould on the walls is generally caused by humidity, leaky pipes, condensation, poor ventilation or flooding.