Tottenham's January transfer window was largely dominated by their pursuit of Wolves star Adama Traore - although his failure to join the north London club resulted in manager Antonio Conte venting his frustration at the situation. He subsequently moved to Barcelona on a loan-to-buy deal, and the Lilywhites could be left searching for other targets if the Blaugrana decide to sanction a deal for the Spaniad's services. Express Sport takes a look at four options Tottenham could opt for instead to fill the right-wing-back role.  Filip Kostic Kostic has spent the majority of his career in the Bundesliga, having moved to Stuttgart in 2014 after a stellar season at Dutch side Groningen. The Serbian, 29, was linked with Tottenham all the way back in 2011 when he was just 19 amidst his breakthrough at hometown side Radnicki Kragujevac. Since then, he has amassed 44 appearances for the Serbia national team and has racked up over 240 Bundesliga appearances in just eight years. A dependable and consistent player who can play on the wing and at wing-back, Kostic would signify an astute deal for Conte in Tottenham's attempts to qualify for the Champions League for the first time in three seasons. Djed Spence Spence was a relative unknown prior to this season, despite making 63 league appearances for Middlesbrough since his debut in 2019. The 21-year-old moved on loan to Nottingham Forest in summer, and his role in manager Steve Cooper's attack-minded side has brought out the best of the London-born talent. With Arsenal and Tottenham both being linked with him in a £20million move, the Fulham-academy star could be at the centre of a transfer tussle amongst London's leading sides in the summer. But with Tottenham making a right-back one of their priorities, more game time could heavily tempt Spence to make the switch to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. Tino Livramento Livramento grew up in Chelsea's academy, although with Cesar Azpilicueta and Reece James ahead of him in the pecking order, the Croydon-born star opted to move to Southampton in the summer for a fee of around £5m. He has excelled on the south coast and has garnered much attention after a string of impressive performances in the Premier League. Having already made 27 appearances for the Saints, Livramento is showing much promise at the age of just 19, and has forced his way into Lee Carsley's plans as England under-21's first-choice right-back. The Blues have a £25m buyback clause inserted into the deal that took him to St Mary's - but as they are unable to buy anyone at the moment due to sanctions placed upon the club, Tottenham could swoop in to bring the prodigy back to London.  DON'T MISS: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's Marcus Rashford comments could hinder Arsenal transferLeeds could demand four Barcelona players in blockbuster Raphinha swap dealFrank Lampard has family member to blame for Dele Alli deal as Everton 'ponder' early exit  Tariq Lamptey Chelsea have a knack of letting promising young right-backs leave the club in order to excel at south coast Premier League clubs - and Lamptey is no different. Similar to Livramento, Lamptey left for Brighton in January 2020 despite putting together a promising performance in a London derby for Chelsea against Arsenal under Frank Lampard. His incredible performances in the 2020-21 season had pundits and fans marveling at his ability, although injury cut his season short. However, he has carried on making his credentials known this campaign - although it will likely cost £50m to prise him away from Graham Potter's grasp given he has a long-term contract at just 21 years of age.