Claudia Winkleman, 50, has revealed that her mother, author and journalist, Eve Pollard, noticed an early symptom and urged her daughter to speak to a doctor. Eve is the Vice Chair of Wellbeing of Women; a UK charity dedicated to funding research across all of women's reproductive and gynaecological health. Appearing on an episode of Postcards From Midlife last month, hosted by former magazine editors Lorraine Candy and Trish Halpin, Claudia said her mother advised her to “definitely go and get your hormones checked” when she had shared that she had been waking up earlier than normal. When asked if her mother had prepared her for the menopause while she was growing up, Claudia was quick to reply: “Yes!” The BBC presenter explained: “I was brought up with that just all being part of my life and she sort of talked about the menopause, but — my mum and I know lots of people have had a horrible time — she had an OK time with it, but she said it will come. “She loves the doctor. READ MORE: Martin Roberts breaks down in tears after Costco purchase rejected “We worship the health service. Claudia then added: “So when I started waking up early, she said definitely go and get your hormones checked.” Perimenopause usually begins several years before menopause and describes the time when the ovaries gradually begin to make less oestrogen. Speaking on the Postcards From Midlife podcast, Claudia said she has had to make certain lifestyle changes, such as taking Vitamin D supplements to manage her symptoms: ”I have to take vitamin D, as my doctor said. “He said: ‘I thought you're always in the sun.’” She joked: “‘No, babe, this is from a bottle. I haven’t been in the sun for 15 years…’ Claudia also spoke about other advice her mother has given her over the years. “The other good thing about my face actually physically falling off and my body being covered… it's, like, made of crepe… DON’T MISS: ‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [LATEST]It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [NEWS]Julia Roberts looks unrecognisable with short hair in unearthed pics [PICTURES] “I've never been to the gym. I don't care.” She added: “But I was brought up by a woman who had no mirrors in the house. “I've got no… hence what I look like. “Because what we looked like was, she always said, the least interesting thing about us. “So it was ‘Don't worry about being interesting’, but ‘Always be interested’ and ‘keep your girlfriend's close. “‘Your girlfriends are absolutely the mountain, your scaffolding, your everything’ and ‘Be lovely to all women.’” She went on to say that she is “pro” imposter syndrome, stating: “You’ve all met people who don't have imposter syndrome and they're ghastly.” In April, Claudia will be going on her first live tour, Behind the Fringe.