When it comes to balancing blood sugar levels, aside from regular bouts of exercise, a violet drink has been shown to bring down blood sugar readings. In the journal Food Science and Nutrition, one beverage, which is "unique" in "bioactive compounds" was shown to affect insulin sensitivity. For the experiment, 28 volunteers with impaired fasting glucose provided blood samples before drinking the juice, one hour afterwards, and three hours afterwards. The participants were given pomegranate juice – a red-violet drink – during the clinical trial. Three hours after ingesting pomegranate juice, the participants experienced a "significant anti-hyperglycaemic response". This means that three hours after drinking pomegranate juice, there was a "significant" decrease in blood sugar levels. "This response was not correlated with the age of participants," the researchers noted. READ MORE: High blood pressure – 'Exercises to avoid' that will raise blood pressure 'very quickly' Furthermore, "homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance was significantly decreased". In other words, insulin resistance was decreased thereby increasing insulin sensitivity. In both healthy participants, and those with impaired fasting glucose, one hour after drinking pomegranate juice led to increases in insulin. Thus, the researchers concluded that the consumption of pomegranate juice increases insulin and reduces insulin resistance. The importance of insulin The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) noted how insulin resistance precedes a type 2 diabetes diagnosis. Insulin is a "vital" hormone – "you can’t survive without" – that regulates blood sugar (i.e. glucose) in the body. Firstly, foods eaten are broken down into glucose that then enters the bloodstream. The presence of glucose in the blood triggers the pancreas, an organ, to release insulin. "Insulin helps blood sugar enter the body’s cells so it can be used for energy," the CDC explained. The hormone insulin also signals the liver to store blood sugar for later use. When blood sugar enters the cells, the levels in the bloodstream decrease, signalling the pancreas to release less insulin. Lowered insulin levels alert the liver to release stored blood sugar, meaning energy is available even if you haven't eaten for a while. When a lot of blood sugar enters the bloodstream, and the pancreas overexerts itself to pump out more insulin, over time, the cells stop responding to insulin. When the cells become insulin resistant, the pancreas keeps making more insulin to try to make the cells respond. Eventually, the pancreas tires out, and blood sugar keeps on rising, leading to type 2 diabetes. For help with a diabetes diagnosis, speak to your doctor or visit Diabetes.co.uk.