Currently, Britons get a free buss when they reach state pension age in England - which is currently 66 but this is set to rise, meaning people will be left waiting longer. However there are four transport discounts which eligible people can benefit from. Disabled people of any age can be eligible for the following four concessions to help take the financial strain off of rising inflation, and the cost of living crisis. This includes:Disabled person’s bus passDisabled person’s railcardCommunity transportLondon Freedom Pass. Age UK recommended disabled Britons check with their coach operators if there are any additional discounts or concessions they qualify for. For example, National Express offer the Disabled Coachcard which provides a third off their travel annually at a cost of £12.50. READ MORE: ‘I don't deserve this' Widow in tears after boss helps clear £190k debt and pays rent   Each local authority provides these passes but the eligibility criteria may differ so people are urged to check to ensure they qualify. Community transport schemes provide unique transport for those that cannot use ordinary public transport and don’t have access to a car. This includes social cars, dial-a-ride or taxicard schemes. Shopmobility schemes lend wheelchairs and scooters to help people shop in town centres. Age UK recommended that people contact their local council or Age UK to find out if these services are offered in their area. The disabled person’s railcard gives people a third off their travel. It costs just £20 so after just a few trips, the card will have paid for itself. To be eligible for the railcard, at least one of the following must apply to the claimant:Receiving a disability related benefit such as PIPRegistered as deaf or use a hearing aidRegistered as having a visual impairmentHave epilepsyReceive Attendance AllowanceReceive Severe Disablement allowanceReceive War Pensioner’s mobility supplementsReceive War or Service Disablement pension The London Freedom Pass is only available for travel in London using TFL services as well as free bus journeys nationally. London residents with a disability are eligible for the Disabled Person’s Freedom Pass. Moreover, pensioners in England currently become eligible for their free bus pass when they reach 66-years old. However, the Government is planning to increase the state pension age to 67 and then 68, which will mean millions will have to wait longer for their pension and their free bus pass. In Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland older people only have to wait until they’re 60. Britons can also contact their local council to find out what discounted travel schemes are available in their area. In Scotland, people can apply for a younger person’s bus pass by going to the Transport Scotland website.