She has been identified as Sabita Thanwani, a British national who lived at Arbour House in Sebastian Street, EC1. The 19-year-old, who is believed to have been a student at City, University of London, was found with severe injuries at the property yesterday. She died at the scene. Although formal identification is yet to take place, police have said Ms Thanwani's next of kin have been informed and will be supported by specialist officers. A special post-mortem examination will be arranged in due course. This comes as an "urgent appeal" has been launched to find Maher Maaroufe, 22. Mr Maaroufe, a Tunisian national of no fixed address, is thought to have been in a relationship with the victim. He is known to have links across London and also travel to Cambridgeshire. Metropolitan Police have advised the public to call 999 if they see Mr Maaroufe, but not to approach him. DCI Linda Bradley, of the Specialist Crime Unit, said: "I am reiterating our urgent appeal for information to trace 22-year-old Maher Maaroufe.    "He has links across London, particularly in the Marble Arch, Edgware Road, and Lewisham areas. "He is also known to travel to Cambridgeshire. "One of the images we released shows Maaroufe with dark hair and a moustache and beard. "He has now shaved his head, and has little facial hair. She added: "Maaroufe had been in a relationship with Sabita but he was not a student. He is a Tunisian national of no fixed address. "Officers are making enquiries to trace those who had contact with him, but I would ask anyone who knew him who has yet to speak with police to please get in touch.  "I would again ask the public not to approach him if they see him, but call 999. "I am also appealing, once again, for Maher Maaroufe to attend a police station immediately. "Maher – I am making this appeal directly to you: if you see this, please go to the nearest police station. "It is important that we speak with you." Chief Inspector Adam Instone, from Central North Command Unit, confirmed Arbour House is student accommodation. In a statement, he added: "I know there will be great sadness and deep concern among local people and the student community. "I share their sadness and their concerns. "And I can assure them that a thorough homicide investigation is underway, led by skilled and experienced detectives who will work tirelessly to identify and arrest whoever is responsible."