While reports from ongoing negotiations are varied, the general consensus suggests Russian and Ukrainian officials are edging closer to agreeing on some major points of contention. But some of Putin’s allies believe the Kremlin is conceding on too much and should focus on ramping up aggression, not talks. Kadyrov, the head of the Chechen Republic and a Lieutenant General in the Russian military – often branded Putin’s “attack dog” – has publicly criticised Russia’s lead negotiator for bowing too much to Ukraine. Sharing a video of the warlord on Twitter, journalist Kevin Rothrock reported: “Sitting in his gold-plated office, Chechen Dictator Ramzan Kadyrov publicly criticises Russian head negotiator Vladimir Medinsky for supposedly being too accommodating to Ukraine.” He added this suggested “the cracks are starting to show” within the Russian leadership. Bloomberg columnist Clara Ferreira Marques added Kadyrov’s address was “really disturbing” and “slurring”. She quoted him saying: “If Kyiv doesn't come to us willingly, we will have to go and visit.” The threat contrasts starkly with Moscow’s recent announcement it was reigning in its military activities around the Ukrainian capital in order to increase the chance of success in ongoing peace talks. On Tuesday, Russian Deputy Defence Minister Alexander Fomin said Moscow had decided to “fundamentally cut back military activity in the direction of Kyiv and Chernigiv [to] increase mutual trust for future negotiations to agree and sign a peace deal with Ukraine”. Western leaders suggested this comment was intended to distract from the idea Russian troops were withdrawing more out of necessity than choice. READ MORE: Boris sent Brexit ultimatum as Sinn Fein to carve up UK 'within weeks' Max Seddon from the Financial Times argued cracks were appearing among Russian leaders because few properly understand Putin’s aims. He wrote in a post on Twitter: “Now even fewer people around Putin seem to have any idea what he wants, which is why Peskov and Lavrov briefed opposite things about the talks again today.” Mr Seddon added this is “why you get people at cross purposes like this”. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Rob Lee, PhD student of War Studies at KCL, added matters are set only to get worse as peace talks continue. He said: “If you think Kadyrov is opinionated now, wait until Russia takes Mariupol and he tries to take full credit due to the role of Chechen forces (despite heavy Russian military losses). “I wouldn't be surprised if this leads to even greater hostility with the Ministry of Defence and security services.” Earlier on Wednesday, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov celebrated the “positive movement” in recent talks, highlighting “the issues of Crimea and Donbas are settled for good”. He was soon slapped down for overplaying the shift in Ukraine’s position, with Oleg Nikolenko, Ukraine's Foreign Ministry spokesperson, insisting the issue would only be settled “after Ukraine restores its sovereignty”. He added: “Lavrov demonstrates a misunderstanding of the negotiation process.”