Manchester United hero Rio Ferdinand has hit back at players’ agents and said he won’t apologise for any comments he’s recently made. Some Red Devils stars have come under fire from a whole host of pundits this season due to a string of dismal displays. United were tipped to have a strong season at the start of the campaign and started in style as they won four of their opening five Premier League matches. But the wheels fell off in the autumn as they suffered a precipitous downturn in form, which resulted in former boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer being sacked. Ralf Rangnick was appointed as interim manager in November – but the German hasn’t been able to solve his side’s problems. United players have been called out time and time again this season following their poor showings, with the likes of Ferdinand, Gary Neville and Roy Keane pulling no punches at times. And Ferdinand has now revealed that agents have been ringing him to demand he refrains from slating their clients. JUST IN: Man Utd forced into Pogba action as Juventus put 'offer on the table'   But the former England international thinks players should focus on their shortcomings instead of his words. “The amount of phone calls I get from agents – ‘oh can you not say this about…why are you criticising so and so,’” Ferdinand told his Vibe with FIVE YouTube channel. “Do me a favour man. Come on man. If I was being vindictive and personal and saying bad things personally about these people, I’d get it. “I’d understand and I’d take the call and I’d say sorry. DON'T MISS: Neville's 'shut people up' prediction proved right after Ronaldo claimMan Utd may have perfect Rashford successor as Dortmund star eyes exit Man Utd must avoid repeating mistakes with Rashford contract decision     “But I ain’t saying sorry for actually stating facts. I ain’t saying sorry for tactically looking at the way people are playing and highlighting situations where you think you could do better there. “You should be saying, ‘you know what, I know that. I understand - I know. You ain’t got to tell me. I know and I will do better.’ “It’s not ‘oh you’re digging me out in public.’ You’re your biggest critic. “Go on the training field and flipping work - don’t worry about me. I’m going to be sitting here talking. My career is done, I’m going to be talking about stuff.   “When I’m doing unbelievable segments about them and highlighting the positives and the great parts of their game, no one is calling me then. “No one is going, ‘do you know what Rio, thanks for that. We’ll do an interview in a couple of weeks if you want because, you know what, you’ve done me a favour.’ “You don’t get that so I don’t understand. Don’t call me when I’m talking negatively about your player.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  