Simon, 60, who was badly burned when his landing ship logistics vessel Sir Galahad was hit by Argentine bombs in the conflict 40 years ago, has joined forces with global hearing specialist Amplifon to highlight stories of remarkable men, women, children and even pets, whose actions have inspired the nation. He said: "We all know someone who deserves recognition for their bravery to help others or their outstanding service to their country or community. This year we are calling on Daily Express readers to choose celebrities who they feel deserve the accolade of celebrity of the year. "The Amplifon Awards for Brave Britons shine a light on a very British breed of hero - those who through incredible acts of courage, bravery or selflessness are an inspiration." As part of the Amplifon Awards for Brave Britons 2022, the Daily Express Celebrity Hero will be a star from the worlds of film, showbiz, TV, radio or sporting arenas who has gone beyond normal expectations to support a cause, charity or a foundation. The celebrity category is one of seven in this year's awards. The others include: Act Of Courage, Against All Odds, Active Agers, Charity Champion, Young Hero and Hero Pet. The pandemic inspired thousands of acts of goodwill and citizenship as the nation pulled together to defeat coronavirus and to help those badly affected by the disease. Celebrity hero last year was racing driver Billy Monger who, despite losing both legs in a high-speed crash when he was only 17, went on to race again and later raised more than £2million for Children In Need. Former RAF sergeant Duncan Slater, who lost both legs in a bomb blast in Afghanistan but went on to overcome one amazing challenge after another to raise hundreds of thousands of pounds for veterans' charities, was voted the Overall Champion and the Against All Odds category winner. Once nominations are received by June 10, a shortlist of 10 celebrities will be drawn up. Express readers will be asked to choose four finalists. A panel of judges will determine the finalists and winners in the other six categories. All the winners will be announced at a ceremony on Tuesday, October 11. You can nominate your heroes here. 