Jose Mourinho remains interested in signing Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka for Roma in the summer transfer window, according to reports. Roma have been strongly linked with Xhaka throughout the season and have now been given an indication of how much money the Gunners will demand for his signature.    Xhaka appeared close to leaving north London for Rome before the start of the season, after Mourinho made the Swiss midfielder a priority signing for Roma. But after negotiations stalled, Xhaka ended up signing a one-year contract extension with Arsenal in August. The 29-year-old is therefore under contract with the club until June 2024, but that deal won’t prevent more speculation over his future. According to Gazzetta dello Sport, Mourinho has not been dissuaded from pursuing Xhaka once again this summer. Roma are keen on signing him, but the only thing standing in the way of a summer transfer is Arsenal’s asking price. Arsenal reportedly wanted ‘at least’ £15million (€18m) for him last summer and ‘have no intention of lowering’ that price if the Italian side come calling again. JUST IN: Dele Alli hits new low as Everton 'set to cut nightmare spell short'  Although Mourinho’s side remain interested, they are reluctant to pay that much for a midfielder who turns 30 in September. However, Roma believe they might have an ace up their sleeve in negotiations. Arsenal currently have midfielder Ainsley Maitland-Niles on loan in Rome and his return at the end of the season will give Mourinho a chance to bring up Xhaka’s future. The two clubs are understood to be on good terms, despite the protracted negotiations over Xhaka last summer, and that could help swing things. Another potential factor is Xhaka’s admiration for Mourinho, which he made clear last summer. "To be honest, I didn't hear what Mourinho has said about me. But that makes you proud,” Xhaka told Swiss newspaper Blick when asked about the transfer rumours. DON'T MISS Liverpool reignite Ismalia Sarr interest with transfer rival 'wary' Barcelona in 'very advanced' talks with Raphinha's agent Liverpool ace Mo Salah ‘fixated’ on Xavi and Barcelona amid exit links  "Everyone knows Mourinho, knows what he has achieved. Mourinho knows how to win titles. You can now see what work I have done over the past few years." Roma’s form has picked up recently, but they remain in danger of not securing European football next season. Mourinho’s side are currently sixth in Serie A, two points above rivals Lazio, with eight matches left to play. The former Manchester United and Chelsea boss will be hoping to improve on their current standing, with Europa League or Champions League qualification the target, given they have spent this season in the newly-founded Europa Conference League. Roma face Norwegian side Bodo/Glimt in the quarter-final of the third-tier competition next month. 