The Queen is still hoping to attend her late husband's memorial service next week, but royal experts suggest her presence at Westminster Abbey remains "in the balance". Russell Myers, Daily Mirror Royal Editor, told True Royalty TV's The Royal Beat that the Queen may not be able to attend Prince Philip's service of thanksgiving on March 29. This comes after the Queen was forced to pull out of the annual Commonwealth Day service this week and instead asked her son and heir Prince Charles to represent her. Mr Myers explained: “You have to be realistic. She is just weeks away from 96, she has accepted her own limitations. "She’s having issues moving around, and is described by people at the Palace as having good days and less good days. "I don’t think we’ll ever see her step back, but we probably will see her less and less. "Will she make Prince Philip’s memorial service in a few days? That’s in the balance." JUST IN: Royal LIVE: Oscars threatened with boycott over Meghan and Harry Alan Jones, Royal Correspondent for the Press Association, added: “The Queen obviously wanted to be at the Commonwealth Service but she’s got mobility issues. "The word we’ve been guided to use is the Queen’s comfort is the priority." Earlier today, royal insiders claimed that a “military-style operation” is underway to make sure the Queen is “comfortable” enough to attend the memorial service. It has emerged that royal aides are doing everything in their power to ensure the Queen can attend the event. Royals including the Kings and Queens of The Netherlands, Sweden, Belgium and Spain are expected to fly in for the memorial service. Also this week, ITV News royal editor Chris Ship revealed that the Queen's diary has been dramatically scaled back due to mobility concerns. Mr Ship said royal traditions like investitures, where a senior member of the Royal Family personally hands out various honours like MBEs, CBEs and Orders of Merit, will now be dropped from her diary. DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Do you think the Queen’s Commonwealth is crumbling? [POLL]Kate and Prince William on secret side mission for royal tour [VIDEO]Chilling detail spotted at Putin's Moscow rally hints at future plan [VIDEO] Mr Ship added: "It’s part of a wider examination of the Queen’s commitments now she is in the second half of her ninth decade. "In the short term, that means making sure the Queen is well enough to attend the Duke of Edinburgh’s Service of Thanksgiving, scheduled for the end of March. "That is also at Westminster Abbey - and that will involve doing the things she was unable to do today at the Commonwealth service. "Namely travelling there from Windsor Castle, walking through the Nave and towards the High Altar, and sitting for the length of the service." 