NHS England announced to healthcare workers yesterday (Wednesday) that the limit for the free vaccination would return to pensioner age. It said it was following the advice of the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation (JCVI) and the Department for Health. The age boundary had been lowered during the coronavirus pandemic as part of a bid to protect more people from becoming seriously ill from respiratory infection. However, the NHS said that it was still their intention to meet the levels of uptake seen this flu season. In January this year, the NHS launched its “most ambitious yet” flu vaccines campaign, with 35 million doses being offered by the Government in September. The expanded campaign saw over 44 percent of those aged 50-64 receive a flu jab, according to GP Online. READ MORE: Pandemic may ‘trigger deterioration in elderly general health’ At the time, Health Secretary Sajid Javid commented: “With the nation getting closer to normal life, we must learn to live with COVID-19 alongside other viruses and we’re offering the free flu jab to millions more people to help keep them safe this winter. “The phenomenal scale of the COVID-19 vaccination programme is a clear demonstration of the positive impact vaccination can make.” But in yesterday’s guidance, the NHS said that the groups eligible would return to those in the “pre-pandemic recommendations” from health advisers. This is despite it stating that flu vaccination remained “an important public health intervention and a key priority” to “reduce morbidity, mortality and hospitalisation associated with flu”. This was especially important “at a time when the NHS and social care will be managing winter pressures, potentially including further outbreaks of COVID-19,” it added. Children aged 11-15 were also to be taken off the list of patients eligible for the free jab. Free flu jabs for those over 65 and vulnerable adults would continue this coming flu season. The step back in the vaccination programme comes at a time when the cost of living is sharply on the rise. DON'T MISS Boris told unleash £20bn war chest and terrifying weapon 'Putin fears' [REPORT] Sturgeon forced to ditch SNP branding - same as Putin's Navy flag [INSIGHT] Russian losses: The REAL stats as Ukraine figures show heavy damage [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile, the Government is currently considering whether to raise the age for free prescriptions to 65, which healthcare professionals have warned will impact medicine uptake among those worst off. The NHS said that it was “not anticipated that any [flu vaccine] stock will be centrally procured” by the Department of Health for the coming season – something which it had done for this winter. It urged care providers to order their own supply that would meet the coverage seen this winter – which included a record 81 percent of over 65’s. The NHS also cautioned: “Due to manufacturing processes and commissioning arrangements, some vaccines may only be available in limited quantities. “Therefore, it is recommended that orders are placed with more than one manufacturer to ensure providers receive sufficient stock.” It added that, whereas healthcare staff were able to take the vaccine for free last flu season, to better protect them as the health service battled a backlog of patients, it would now have to be “provided by employers”. Primary care workers – including GPs and community pharmacists – were tasked with delivering a vast amount of Covid and flu vaccines this winter, as the Government stepped up its vaccination campaign in the face of the Omicron variant. According to provisional data, obtained by trade publication Chemist and Druggist, as of February 17, pharmacies alone had administered nearly 4.8 million doses.