Lewis Hamilton has announced that he will change his name to include his mothers surname – Larbalestier. The F1 star said he wanted his mother's surname to continue along with his. Speaking at the Dubai expo, he explained: “I’m really proud of my family’s name: Hamilton. “Actually none of you might know that my mum’s [sur]name is Larbalestier. And I’m just about to put that in my name. "Because I don’t really fully understand the whole idea of why, when people get married, the woman loses her name. "I really want her name to continue on with the Hamilton name.” Hamilton has a close relationship with both his parents – Carmen and Anthony — who divorced when he was just two years old. Carmen previously opened up about her marriage to Anthony and why it ultimately failed. According to The Mirror, she said: "Lewis was the best thing to come out of my marriage. [The split] didn’t damage Lewis. "He is probably better for it than if we had stuck together in an unhappy marriage. "Tony wanted to be somebody and he has achieved that. I wanted a quiet life and that put a barrier between us. I couldn’t see myself in that busy, hectic lifestyle. "But I didn’t stop him making sure Lewis got what he wanted. Without his dad’s constant, constant work he would not have been able to continue." Hamilton was raised by his mum until he was 12-years-old, along with half-sisters Nicola and Samantha. He then moved to live with dad Anthony, step-mother Linda, and his half-brother Nicolas. While Carmen hasn't been a regular at Lewis' races she has always been there for the big moments, with the pair said to enjoy an excellent relationship. Anthony has also played a vital role in helping his son achieve his legendary status. He bought Hamilton his first remote-controlled car when he was just six-years-old, and his first go-kart for Christmas when he was seven. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen could face new FIA problem Anthony helped his son break into the world of go-karting, and later managed him throughout his racing career up until 2010, before Hamilton sacked him after a big fallout. At the time, Hamilton said: "Dad will miss being here, but it was me who initiated the break. "He's got other things to focus on, and I don't want my dad being my manager anymore." But Anthony later gave his version of events, saying: "He thought, 'Do you know what dad? I am fed up listening to you'. "He decided he wanted to be his own man. I was comfortable with that." Anthony later suggested Lewis had withheld a £3million payment he'd promised him as a 'thank you' for his 18 years of service. He revealed: "It just never happened. I am comfortable with it. It’s not my business. If he says he’s going to do something and he doesn't, that's his loss." They have since reconciled, however, and in 2020, the Mercedes driver shared an emotional post revealing that the pair had been working on their relationship. DON'T MISS Hamilton on challenge he and his mum faced: 'Didn't understand' [INSIGHT] Lewis Hamilton opens up on ‘difficult period’ [ANALYSIS] Lewis Hamilton warns winning ‘is not everything’ [INSIGHT] He wrote: “My dad and I haven’t had the easiest of relationships. "In the search for success we were so immersed in the drive to succeed that we lost sight of what was most important, our relationship. “The past couple of years we have been growing closer and this winter break I asked dad to visit me so we could spend time together, just us. “We hadn’t done this before, so to spend some quality time with him has brought me so much happiness. “You can’t choose your family, but you can make it work no matter your differences. "They are the ones that will be there when you have nothing.” Anthony remains a vital presence in his son's life, as seen when he consoled him after he had a record eighth world title snatched from under his nose on the last lap at the Abu Dhabi GP.. After a controversial decision under the safety car, Dutchman Max Verstappen was crowned champion.