Madonna, 63, has been posting a series of steamy snaps to promote her remix of her 1998 song Frozen. Today was no different, as she took to her Instagram story to post a series of provocative photos from her bedroom as she posed in leather and lace. Madonna flaunted her ageless figure and pert bottom in a black corset, with her hand placed on her chest in one snap. She wore her blonde tresses perfectly straight, and styled the daring outfit with a pair of large black sunglasses. In another snap, Madonna can be seen posing in large black platform boots, along with fishnets and just a small pair of briefs. The singer appeared to have a bruise on her knee as she captioned the picture: "Fitting Hell". READ MORE: Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics The story then cut to Madonna sprawled on a bed in just a corset and fishnets, surrounded by clothes. To cover her derriere, she uses a leather jacket. In another snap fans can see just her legs again, as she holds onto a red leaf blower while someone helps her put on gold stilettos. Along with the behind-the-scenes Instagram stories, Madonna shared a short video to her page in view of her 17.7 million followers. The video shows a teaser of her upcoming music video, as it opens with Madonna dancing, dressed in a corset. The Like A Virgin star's face is hidden behind a mixture of her hair, and the visuals. The video also showed a snap of Madonna smoking in a leather corset, black turtleneck, and sleeves. She ended the video with a photo of herself lying on the floor with a blue tinted tone added to the footage. DON'T MISS... Strictly's Motsi Mabuse unleashes fury on Ukraine remarks [COMMENT] Jeremy Clarkson slammed as the 'd***head from Top Gear' by Will Mellor [OPINION] Fern Britton shares candid insight into romance with 'naughty' ex [INSIGHT] Many social media users took to the comments to discuss Madonna's latest antics. Imperimadonna said: "I'M IN SHOCK!!!!!" Nickinstag added: "Frozen is a masterpiece. I am worried..." Maurice_the_ikon_collins commented: "Na I'll just keep the original, this is trash." (sic) The original version of Frozen was written by Madonna and American songwriter Patrick Leonard. The song appeared on her seventh studio album Ray of Light, released in 1998. Just last May, Madonna collaborated with producer Sickick on a remix of the song, leaving fans divided over the possibility of another version. Her latest version is with Nigerian rapper Fireboy DML and Sidekick, with Madonna promoting the single on her Instagram all week.