Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta and technical director Edu would both welcome Arsene Wenger's return to the club four years after his departure. Wenger's 22-year tenure as boss came to an end in 2018, but links to a return in another capacity were inevitable, given his iconic status at the club. Former Arsenal player Bacary Sagna believes Arsenal could 'achieve something amazing' if Wenger took a role upstairs. He told Genting Casino: "I would love to see [Arsene] Wenger coming back to the club. I think, combined with Mikel [Arteta], Arsenal could achieve something amazing." The Gunners are closing in on returning to the Champions League via a top-four finish in Arteta's third season in charge. And back in November, the Spaniard expressed his desire to work closely with Wenger as Arsenal begin to bear the fruit of his rebuild at the Emirates Stadium. "I would like him to be much closer personally to me because I think it would be a great help, it would be a great help for the club," Arteta explained. "Things take time and I think he has to dictate those timings. What I can say from my side, and I think on behalf of everybody, is that we would be delighted to have him much closer." JUST IN: Man Utd ace Marcus Rashford makes statement on video of him Days after Arteta's comments, Edu also chimed in after speaking with Wenger at the premiere of his documentary, Arsene Wenger: Invincible. He made it clear he hoped to work with the Frenchman again in north London. He said: "I told him I would like to see him a bit closer to the club and to myself as well in the future. That would be a real, real pleasure and special for everyone here." He added: "We were good friends, and we worked for each other. If I can help create that again, then that's what we want to do." READ MORE: Man Utd boss Rangnick slammed for baffling call on 'terrible' Rashford During his memorable reign at Arsenal, Wenger won 10 major trophies, including three Premier League titles. However, he allegedly hasn't returned to the Emirates Stadium since being replaced by Unai Emery in 2018 and is currently FIFA's head of global development. But as Arsenal grow closer to becoming a Champions League club once again, Wenger could be tempted to return to the fold in what feels like a new era at the club. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.