Gardeners’ World lead host Monty Don shared a plethora of gardening tips and hacks on the latest episode of the show which included how to create a bog garden, plant hydrangeas and mulch a garden. On the latest episode, Monty explained that over winter the beds in the orchard at Longmeadow had been widened. Monty said gardeners with “long, narrow beds” need to ensure there is “repetition”. He explained: “You need rhythm to the borders, and you can get that by using the same colours, you can have it by shape, as long as that rhythm is maintained.” To ensure his bed had repetition, Monty decided to plant hydrangeas in between the trees. However, rather than using one variety of hydrangea, he decide to use “two kinds”. He said: “The first is one of the best-known hydrangeas that you will find anywhere - Annabelle. “In fact, strictly speaking, this is not just Annabelle, this is Strong Annabelle. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ tip to remove yellow pillow stains “And the reason for that is that Annabelle can droop whereas strong Annabelle, has been bred to have stronger stems so they will hold it more upright. “With it, I've got one called Limelight. “Annabelle flowers in summer, this flowers in late summer and has slightly more pointy heads which start out lime green, and then turn a sort of creamy white touched with pink.” Monty alternated the two varieties in the bed so there is a pattern of alternating colours. The gardening expert said he made sure the plants were “setback” so they have plenty of room to grow. He added: “Also, they will be in a light shade and that's what hydrangeas like best. DON'T MISSProperty: The ‘crucial’ home feature to check when buying a house [INSIGHT]How to remove brown stains from a toilet - 4 ways to shift limescale [UPDATE]Lawn care: The ‘crucial’ mowing technique to avoid lawns diseases [ANALYSIS] “They will cope with most conditions and most soils and they love a nice loose, root rot. “So any leaf mould, compost - anything you can add to the soil will help.” When it comes to planting hydrangeas, Monty said there is “no mystery”, just simply dig a hole deep enough for the plant. However, Monty warned gardeners against planting hydrangeas “too deep”. He said: “If you're planting any shrub or any woody plant, don't be tempted to plant it too deep. “Better to have it just a little bit too high than too deep because the risk of getting saturated with water in a very wet year is real.” When planting, pop the plant out the pot ensuring you hold the plant as much as you can. Put the root ball into the hole and then gradually fill it with compost and firm it in. Monty used the heel of his shoe to firm the plant in without crushing the roots.  Next, Monty gave the plant a “good soak” with water. He continued: “Don't scrimp on the water on this stage, let that soak in and pour back the soil around it. “Then make sure it's mulched really well and that will keep the moisture in and the weeds down and give them a chance to get established. “And from this framework, new shoots will grow and it's the new shoots that will carry the flowers.” Gardeners’ World can be streamed on BBC iPlayer