The surprise-hit comedy set in a virtual afterlife finally returned for its second season this month on Amazon Prime Video. After tons of fans tuned in to the long-awaited follow-up to Greg Daniels’ Upload, the showrunner has shared more details about the latest shocking development in Nathan Brown (played by Robbie Amell) and Ingrid Kannerman’s (Allegra Edwards) post-mortem romance. Viewers were left shocked when Nathan’s girlfriend Ingrid unexpectedly joined him in the afterlife at the end of Upload’s first season. To make matters even more complicated, it turns out Ingrid hadn’t actually died but had simply been using a virtual reality hug-suit to communicate with him from beyond the grave. The seven-episode-long second outing ended with some major unanswered questions, not least of which was whether or not Nathan’s new clone body would actually survive. However, fans are still reeling from Ingrid’s reveal, and are desperate to know what’s next for her and Nathan now he’s back in the real world. READ MORE: Coronation Street icon Sally Metcalfe accidentally kills husband Tim? The show’s creator Greg revealed more about Ingrid’s decision after the dust settled on season two, and maintained her deception wasn’t intended to be malicious. “If you think about it as a metaphor, she’s like the girlfriend who fakes a pregnancy to try to nail down the boyfriend,” he explained. “I feel like that’s a move she would do. She’s a little deceptive. “I don’t know if we knew that when we started to write her.” In the first season, Ingrid slowly comes to believe Nathan was actually murdered, and his car accident may have been orchestrated by his own father. Although she assists her boyfriend in trying to unearth the truth about his passing, some of her methods have come across as ever so slightly unhinged. This particular character trait was ramped up considerably in season two, but Greg and Upload’s writers weren’t sure where exactly Ingrid was headed when they first started the series. “The issue of her complicity in his murder came up,” Greg continued to Collider. “What did she know?” DON'T MISS:Law and Order SVU season 23: Garland’s return confirmed [LATEST]Susanna Reid rips apart P&O over ‘double standard’ furlough payments [VIDEO]The Gilded Age fans in tears over Peggy’s revelation [REACTION] “She was trying to protect him, by turning on the preferred occupant setting of the car, but that means she suspected that her dad was trying to kill him. That’s very complicated.” At the end of the new season, Nathan downloaded back into the real world in a new body and finally reunited with Nora (Andy Allo). However, most downloads don’t survive longer than 24 hours, and Nathan’s nosebleed is a worrying sign his head could explode just minutes into the third season. If Upload indeed returns for season three, will Ingrid be more of a help or hindrance if Nathan manages to upload his consciousness back into the afterlife in time? Amazon Prime Video has yet to officially confirm or deny another outing for Upload, but all the twists and turns in the finale surely point to the series coming back for more. Plus, showrunner Greg also admitted to the publication he had a "good feeling" about the future of the hit drama. However, fans will have to watch this space for now to see whether or not season three is a go. Upload seasons 1 and 2 are available to stream on Amazon Prime Video.