Tomatoes run on warmth, which is why they tend to be grown in the springtime. To grow tomatoes successfully, gardeners need rich, fertile soil to ensure the best crop possible. One expert has shared top tips on how to get the “best” germination this spring. Kate Watkinson of Burpee Europe told Express.co.uk: “Tomatoes are the mainstay of any UK garden and nothing beats picking your own that you have grown. “The smell and the flavour of these tasty treats bring back happy memories of childhood. “But just how do you get started when sowing tomato seeds?” According to the expert, the middle of April is the “usual time” for sowing tomato seeds. READ MORE: Soft furnishings can ‘instantly date’ a home - what to go for instead This allows for planting them out as five to six week old plants in late May or early June. This is the perfect time to plant them out because frost tends to have passed by then. Kate added: “Of course, these timings can vary depending on the location of where you live, and it may be possible to plant out in early to the middle of May in some parts of the UK. “With some modern tomato varieties, there are even some with which later sowings are also possible, offering an extended cropping of early fruiting varieties into October. DON'T MISS:UK has no ‘moss killer’ - gardeners can only ‘change’ grass conditions [EXPERT]Interior Design Masters: What to avoid when decorating a home office [COMMENT]How to ‘enhance desirability’ when selling and increase ‘market value’ [INSIGHT] “Sowings up until late May with varieties like Veranda Red will still yield a good crop in October! “For the best germination, sow seeds into a small pot using a specific sowing compost and cover the seed slightly with compost or vermiculite. “Ensure the compost is moist and maintain a temperature of 18 to 22 degrees celsius.” If this is maintained, seedlings should emerge after seven days. They will then need translating into 10 centimetre pots or packs after approximately 14 days.” It is thought homegrown tomatoes may taste better because they don’t need to be grown with chemicals or pesticides. They can also be picked when ripe, instead of having to ripen in supermarkets. Some herbs can also be sown now, sowing them under cloches and frames. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) explained: “Herbs grow best with full sun and light, well-drained, moisture-retentive, fertile soil with plenty of organic matter incorporated. “For a continuous supply, sow seeds of ones that rapidly run to seed, coriander and dill for example, on a fortnightly basis throughout spring and summer. “Choose several cultivars, where available with different maturing times to help to keep the herb garden productive. “Pot up herbs such as chives, mint, parsley or tarragon grown outdoors and bring them in for the winter, standing them on a south-facing windowsill.”