Caller Sean rang in to LBC Radio to debate the abolition of the Royal family with host Tom Swarbrick. The Brit explained that the Royal family were not needed and that it wasn't fair for one family to have everything paid for them. This is not the first row over the abolition of the Royal family to get heated, as many have polarising views on the matter in the UK. Caller Sean also slammed the Royals over the number of holidays they have whilst some Brits struggle to afford one, and to even pay for their heating, as the cost of living price hike creates more poverty for Brits. Sean said: "It's outdated! You know they tell people on benefits that they're scroungers, you've got the biggest family in the country on benefits, that are scroungers. Mr Swarbrick said: "You think they're scroungers?" The caller added: "They turn around and let the taxpayers pay for the Royal family! "Well they do for people on benefits but they don't call them scroungers do they? Eh... The Royal family have been scroungers all their lives, mate."  JUST IN: Putin's 'biggest' Achilles' heel exposed as 'derided' Russian despot facing furious REVOLT     Mr Swarbrick said: "So the money that is paid from the taxpayer to help fund all this, in your mind should go, yeah?" Caller Sean added: "Which is a benefit and it should go! The whole family should go because they're a waste of space mate." "No family should be hand and spoon and doing nothing, right." READ MORE: Mum left fuming after letter describes her 'active' four-year-old daughter as overweight     Mr Swarbrick said: "It depends what you mean by doing nothing of course, because going on a..." The Royal family have been facing criticism over their part in the slave trade, Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge faced mass protests and condemnation on their latest visits to Belize and Jamaica. One group calling for the Royal family to be rid of are activist group Republic UK. Graham Smith, speaking for campaign group Republic, said in a statement addressing the Royal backlash: "There has been a marked shift in attitudes towards the royals in the UK and across the Commonwealth over the past decade." "The BLM and anti-slavery movements, in particular, have helped shift the tide away from the monarchy and towards more independent and egalitarian ideas." "Kate and William's tour has thrown a spotlight on the monarchy debate in Jamaica, just as the country is gearing up to celebrate sixty years of independence." "This visit was poorly advised and poorly executed, but yet again the royals have greased the wheels of the republican movements here and around the world." "The royals are increasingly finding it difficult to put a foot right, and they are increasingly showing everyone how irrelevant, out of touch and pointless the monarchy is." "Just last year Barbados made the switch to a republic and in the next few months, Australia is likely to elect a pro-republic Labor government. With Jamaica moving in the same direction and with the Queen nearing the end of her reign the monarchy is starting to look like it’s on borrowed time." 