The new data shows that the appetite for transition to electric cars is stronger than ever, with 67 percent of respondents saying they would make the change. In addition, most drivers said they will not be keeping a petrol or diesel vehicle alongside it. The YouGov survey, commissioned by Bridgestone, showed that there were countless reasons why drivers wanted to switch. More than half cited environmental benefits, while 47 percent of drivers said they were looking to make savings on fuel. This comes as petrol and diesel prices have hit their highest ever prices, with petrol reaching 156p per litre and diesel climbing to 161p per litre. Around 23 percent of survey respondents said they were attracted to the tax benefits of having an electric vehicle. READ MORE: Abandoned BMW dealership full of classic cars discovered They cited this as a primary reason for looking at switching, with car tax changes around the corner at the start of April. Other reasons include the reduction in noise emission and an interest in EV maintenance. Andrea Manenti, Vice President of Bridgestone North Region, said the results offered further justification for the company’s commitment to EV travel. He said: “We are investing in our mobility solutions like never before, with new products, charging points and training in place for the full integration of EV travel. DON'T MISSDrivers warned when approaching junctions under new Highway Code rules [WARNING]Car headlights are a 'significant road safety risk' [SHOCKING]Motorists urged to change driving habits to save on car tax [URGENT] “With this in mind, it is great to see that the general public are also on board with the technology and the huge changes that are beginning to be seen. “Our original tyre fitments specifically engineered for EVs will reach 20 percent of our overall portfolio by 2024. “We are investing to make electric mobility more efficient and accessible by pioneering premium tyres and tyre technologies for EVs and dedicated fleet and mobility solutions. “We’re also partnering with leading EV manufacturers and developing an EV-ready retail and service network. “The survey tells me that we’re all moving in the same direction when it comes to EV travel and we’ll continue to push the boundaries to ensure that Bridgestone is a pioneering company in this area of mobility solutions.” Bridgestone has committed to install up to 3,500 new charging points across Europe over the next five years through a partnership with EV Box. Plans for the first of the EV Box roll-out in the UK will be announced soon. This comes as the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) has secured legally-binding commitments from Gridserve to unlock competition for motorway drivers. As part of this, Gridserve has agreed not to enforce exclusive rights in contracts with Extra, MOTO or Roadchef, after November 2026. These currently cover around two-thirds of motorway service areas in the UK. Ann Pope, the CMA’s Senior Director of Antitrust, said: “We need a combination of investment now and healthy competition going forward to make sure chargepoints are installed at scale where people need them, for a fair price. “Today’s commitments strike the right balance. Gridserve will continue to invest in the much-needed roll-out of chargepoints across the country but the exclusivity linked to its investment won’t be an undue barrier to others competing in the near future."