Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, used their speech at the NAACP awards ceremony in Hollywood to voice their concern on the Ukraine crisis. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex said that the people in Ukraine "urgently need our continued support as a global community". US journalist and Lee Cohen has since hit out at the Sussexes for just responding for "publicity". Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Cohen said: "They even proceeded the Cambridges who made a statement. "From where I sit I found their statement, the Sussexes, was grandstand which is consistent it seems with their approach because they always try to weigh in on whatever will get them publicity. "Whereas with the Cambridges, it's more measured and it has more weight because the Cambridges are engaged and active royals. "They have met with the Defence Secretary and things to report whereas, the Sussexes seem to respond to whatever is the issue of the day in order to get their names out." READ MORE: Prince Harry drops major hint into Netflix deal after latest event It comes as the Duke of Sussex is to miss his grandfather the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service, it has been confirmed. Harry will not return to the UK from the US to join the royal family at the high-profile occasion in Westminster Abbey on March 29, a spokesperson for the duke confirmed. He hopes to visit his grandmother the Queen soon, the spokesperson added. The Queen, 95, who contracted Covid just over two weeks ago, has just pulled out of attending the Commonwealth Day service at the abbey on Monday. She spent more than three months from October last year carrying out only light duties under doctors' orders to rest after undergoing preliminary tests during a one-night hospital stay. The monarch, who has just reached her Platinum Jubilee, now regularly uses a walking stick and has been pictured looking frailer recently, remarking during a Windsor Castle audience last month: "Well, as you can see, I can't move." Harry's spokesperson declined to comment on Friday as to the reason for his decision. The duke has pursued a legal challenge against the Home Office after being told he would no longer be given the "same degree" of personal protective security when visiting from the US, despite offering to pay for it himself. DON'T MISS Prince Andrew's taxpayers' funded security 'under review' [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry still haven't backed up Oprah claims after one year [VIDEO]Meghan and Harry warned of decline in mega deals - claim [ANALYSIS] He was last in London in the summer of 2021, when it is understood his security was compromised after his car was chased by paparazzi photographers as he left a charity event. The duke wants to bring his son Archie and baby daughter Lilibet to visit from the US, but he and his family are "unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous, a legal representative previously said. The judge in the High Court case, Mr Justice Swift, will give his ruling on February's preliminary proceedings, part of which may be confidential, at a later date. Philip died just under a year ago in April 2021 at the age of 99.