The Prime Minister rejected suggestions the UK had become a "closed economy" since leaving the EU as he vowed to champion free trade across the world. It comes after the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) last week said the UK had become a "less trade intensive economy" since quitting the bloc. OBR chairman Richard Hughes said leaving the EU had "made it more expensive to trade with our single largest trading partner". A combination of Covid and leaving the EU led to a drop off in trade last year. But while other countries around the world have since seen their number of imports and exports recover, the recovery has remained sluggish for Britain. Quizzed on the stats in Parliament today, Mr Johnson vowed to help boost post-Brexit exports. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG He said there were already considerable opportunities for British firms to export more than they already did and efforts were underway to turbocharge trade. "A lot more UK companies could sell a lot more overseas than they do. "There's a big campaign in the newspapers now to encourage them," he told members of the liaison committee of senior backbench MPs. "I'm very keen that we don't become a closed economy, at all. "We all want to grow more of our own food and so on, but I'm not a believer in autarchy. "We've got to be an open, global, trading nation. I do want to see much more of an export drive." DON'T MISS:Time for Article 16 now GONE, writes BEN HABIB [COMMENT]UK locked into paying EU pensions until 2064 under buried deal clause [INSIGHT]March 30 - ON THIS DAY: Five years since the formal start of Brexit [UPDATE] Mr Johnson's passionate defence of the UK's strategy came after Treasury select committee chair Mel Stride warned of the impact of a drop in trade. "Are you concerned that perhaps because of Brexit and because of the time it takes to strike all these deals with countries around the world on the trade side, we are becoming more of a closed economy?" he asked. "That of course will have implications for productivity and the living standards we are seeking this afternoon to protect." Britain is seeking to use new deals signed after leaving the EU to provide more trading routes for UK businesses. Particular emphasis has been placed by ministers on increasing opportunities abroad for small and medium enterprises. Mr Johnson added: "We are on it, we want to champion it. "There is no natural impediment to our exports. It is just will, and energy and ambition, and that's what we should be doing." He admitted he "can't prophecise" as to when exports would return to their pre-pandemic levels but pledged to work tirelessly to help Britain realise its global potential. 