Cristiano Ronaldo was the final Manchester United player spotted leaving training on Tuesday after his widely-speculated absence in Sunday's Manchester derby defeat. Ralf Rangnick didn't include Ronaldo in his matchday squad for the 4-1 thumping at the Etihad Stadium. Supporters were shocked when the 37-year-old was nowhere to be seen as team news emerged on Sunday afternoon. When asked for the reasoning behind Ronaldo's absence, Rangnick explained that he couldn't train in the build-up after suffering a hip flexor injury. He told Sky Sports: "I have to believe my medical department. "Our doctor came to see me Friday morning before training and said Cristiano could not train because of some problems with his hip flexor and the same Saturday." JUST IN: Premier League cuts ties with Russian broadcaster and pays Ukraine Reports claimed Ronaldo was furious at Rangnick's decision to start him on the bench after the medical department's evaluation. And the Portuguese icon decided to fly to his homeland instead, hoping the warm weather would benefit his hip problems. The United squad were puzzled as to why Ronaldo wasn't with them at the team hotel on Saturday night. But he reported for training on Tuesday as preparations commenced for Saturday's mammoth clash with Tottenham Hotspur in the top-four race. READ MORE: Newcastle ace Trippier shuts down Jordan with response to money jibe And The Sun note that after being escorted to Carrington by bodyguards earlier in the day, Ronaldo was the last to leave the training ground. There have been murmurs suggesting the United legend was snubbed for the derby for tactical reasons rather than an injury. And his late exit could indicate he was putting in the extra work as he fights to reclaim his place in Rangnick's team for Tottenham's Old Trafford visit. However, it could also be a result of staying behind to rehabilitate his hip flexor injury further, casting doubt over his status for Saturday. Rangnick lined up without a recognised striker against Man City, with Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba furthest forward in a 4-2-2-2 system. Whilst it worked for the opening stages as United went toe-to-toe with the Premier League champions, the visitors soon crumbled. Two crucial games in the season are on the horizon, with Tottenham and Atletico Madrid visiting M16 over the next week. And Ronaldo will be desperate to have a say as the Red Devils' Premier League and Champions League campaigns hang in the balance. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.