British and foreign crews were unaware of any secret recruitment behind the scenes until P&O alerted all staff on Thursday morning to a "major announcement" - and initially they feared the firm had gone bust. But to their horror, crews in Dover looked to the harbour to see coaches of new cheaper crews in P&O overalls waiting to board the ship - to take over their just-axed jobs. One mum - who asked not to be named - told how the axing of her husband's job after 30 years with the firm, and her son's apprenticeship, has left them reeling. She said: "When P&O suspended sailings this morning crews were waiting on the ships with no idea what was happening - even the captains didn't know." "Then pictures emerged of three coach loads of foreign workers waiting at ports to take their jobs. They were already wearing P&O uniforms - and the staff still hadn't been told they were being let go." "They were told they had five minutes to get their stuff and get off the ships. These guys are week on week off workers who have called these ships home for half of the year every year." "They have personal effects in lockers which they can't get to - clothes, bedding, photographs and in some cases financial documents which will be taken out and thrown. "My son is an apprentice. With 350 people competing for jobs at sea, they're unlikely to be able to find a ferry company to take them on to finish their apprenticeships. Their coursework is on the ships waiting to be thrown out. "This is a betrayal of not just the East Kent workforce but those other P&O ports around the UK. Dover already has a crisis with deprivation, with the council also struggling with many asylum-seeker and refugee cases, and not enough jobs to go around. "Now this will just add to that crisis. It's an economic and human disaster for the area. "P&O insulted the workforce with redundancies in lockdown and now this has continued that insult to people who have dedicated their loves to this firm." "Some crew in support roles may be able to jobs on land in restaurants or cafes or supermarkets that are similar - but seafarers have specialist skills and will struggle now to find work."