The Dutch - much like the British Royal Family - have an incredible collection of jewels. Queen Máxima of the Netherlands has been lucky enough to wear many of them over the years. Back in 2014, the Dutch Royal Family hosted the President and First Lady of China for a state visit, and Queen Máxima sparkled in several incredible diamond and pearl pieces for the banquet. For the evening, Queen Máxima wore a modern pink evening gown with a Grecian-inspired neckline that draped over one shoulder and a deconstructed lace skirt. She paired the ballgown with several diamond and pearl pieces. Photographs also showed the royal wearing the sash and star of the Order of the Netherlands Lion. For the dinner, Máxima wore the full set of the Antique Pearl Tiara. READ MORE: Royal Family steps out for ‘relaxed’ major event - no Meghan and Harry The tiara was Máxima’s very first tiara when she joined the Dutch Royal Family albeit without the pearl setting. It is sometimes called the Pavlovnik pearl tiara because Anna Pavlovna, the Queen Consort of Willem II of the Netherlands, once had a similar tiara. The current Antique Pearl Tiara, which was made in 1900, was designed to mimic the shape of the original Pavlovnik tiara. There are seven, large pear-shaped pearls that sit upright in the tiara - four of which are said to be older than any other piece in the Dutch collection. DON'T MISS...Jamaican MP who 'snubbed' Kate said ‘I have nothing but respect’ [COMMENT]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's 'major misstep' split US fans [REACTION] Queen urged to strip Prince Harry of major role [UPDATE] The largest pearl is extremely rare, weighing about 41 grains (2.6g). Originally worn by Queen Wilhelmina, the tiara has been worn by all subsequent Dutch Queens and Queens Consorts, as well as other royal ladies in the Netherlands. For the occasion, Máxima paired the tiara with diamond and pearl drop earrings, and also added an impressive corsage ornament from the family vaults to her dress. The corsage ornament (or, as they’re sometimes called, stomacher) was made in the early 19th century and originally worn by Queen Sophie, the first wife of King Willem III of the Netherlands. The piece features a large diamond bow from which a pearl pendant is suspended. A diamond-studded chain also hangs from the brooch, supporting a smaller diamond bow brooch and a pair of additional pearl pendants. Within the piece are several rare pink diamonds - perfectly coordinating with Máxima’s dress that evening. In addition to the tiara, earrings and corsage, Máxima wore a pearl ring and two diamond bracelets. On her right wrist, she wore one of the Dutch East Indies Bracelets. On her left wrist, she wore the Dutch Diamond Star Bracelet, which was purchased from Mellerio in 1888 by King Willem III as a gift for his second wife, Queen Emma. To complete the look, Máxima’s hair was swept up into a chic up-do to one side of her head. She also carried a small compact clutch bag in a darker shade of pink. While her makeup was relatively neutral, she wore a deep red nail varnish.