David Billsborough, Business Owner at Cheshire Cars said it “may not be the right time to switch” for drivers who live in rural areas. He has warned drivers who live “in the middle of nowhere” could struggle to run electric cars compared to motorists who are city-based. Cheshire Cars said drivers should think about their own “personal circumstances” before considering the switch. Mr Billsborough said decisions should be based on how often people drive and charging stations are nearby He said: “The Government have said its 2030 where the manufacturers are being told there is no more solely petrol engine vehicles to be produced. “Obviously, they're making inroads into making sure they can comply with that ruling. READ MORE: Some councils have still given no money for EV rollout “As countries move forwards, that will be pretty much 2030. “2035, 2040 is the furthest it might go to. “But, are electric vehicles the answer, well yes and no. “Look if your circumstances are you live in a big city and the charging points are at every street corner, it may well be a good time now to buy yourself an electric vehicle. DON'T MISSUK drivers favour EVs as two-thirds look to ditch petrol and diesel [INSIGHT]Electric cars may be ‘cheaper’ than petrol and diesel vehicles  [ANALYSIS]Car park fines for drivers is ‘another reason not to buy an EV’ [COMMENT] “If however you're in the countryside in the middle of nowhere, in the highlands of Scotland, it may not be the right time to switch. "You need to think about your personal circumstances. “How often do you use your vehicle? How long are your journeys? “What is the charging infrastructure like in your locality? “And those will have, or should have, a big impact in your decision.” One-third of those surveyed by Which? said a lack of availability in charging stations on long journeys was a barrier to buying a new model. Three in 10 also raised concerns about a lack of charging stations close to their homes. Which? said charging must be “easy, accessible and affordable” if people were going to “make the move to an electric car”. The Transport Select Committee has also encouraged the Government to consider rural drivers when switching to EVs The Committee said some groups should be given some concessions a future tax system to ensure motorists are not unfairly hit. It said: “In designing a replacement for fuel duty and vehicle excise duty, the Government must examine how an alternative road pricing mechanism can use price as a lever for change while subjecting motorists to fair levels of taxation. “To that end, it may seek to make concessions in the interests of societal fairness, such as providing an annual allowance of free travel miles or gearing the system to support vulnerable groups, such as those with mobility issues, and people who reside in the most remote areas.”