American journalist Brent Renaud has been shot dead in the town of Irpin, just outside Kyiv, police said today. Kyiv’s police chief Andriy Nebytov said Mr Renaud had been targeted by Russian soldiers, and two other journalists were injured and taken to hospital. It is the first reported death of a foreign journalist covering the ongoing war in Ukraine. The news comes as Vladimir Putin’s forces continue to bombard their eastern European neighbours. Officials confirmed 2,187 civilians are now known to have been killed in the southeastern Ukrainian port of Mariupol, which has had no electricity, water or heating for 12 days. Satellite photos show extensive damage to residential and civilian infrastructure, with the last food and water reserves close to running out. The Russian siege on Mariupol, which is a significant centre for industry in Ukraine, could be part of a wider long-term strategy, a security expert told Express.co.uk. Jonathan Jackson, a senior teaching fellow in policing and security at Birmingham City University, suggested Putin wishes to be in control of the supply of natural resources. He said: “The natural resources that are stored in the ground of Ukraine cannot, of course, be overlooked and may hold some of the reasoning behind this most terrible of invasions. READ MORE: Putin's daughters trauma exposed “Supply of oil, gas, and precious metals will be vital to the future of a nation’s status in this resource century and, combined with Putin’s insistence on occupying these territories along with the warm water ports on the Black Sea, suggests a long-term strategic thinking regarding the domination of source, supply, and distribution.” Besides natural gas, Ukraine is loaded with natural minerals including coal, iron and titanium. Ukraine boasts approximately five percent of the Earth’s natural and mineral resources, and possesses some of the most precious metals on the planet in abundance. Mr Jackson continued: “The conditions mirror those of Germany in 1945 and it is likely that a divided Ukraine is a serious possibility, similar to that of East and West Germany, with one side aligning with Russia and the other with the EU. “Putin cannot back down, and his public image is built upon the notion of the ‘strongman’. “To withdraw now would make his position at home extremely precarious amongst his inner circle.“ Fighting continues to rage across Ukraine on day 18 of the invasion. Russian forces have made further gains in recent days, with Putin reported to have not shown any willingness to end the war in a 75-minute phone call with French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Olaf Scholz yesterday. Air raid sirens are sounding throughout most of Ukraine as private homes and apartment buildings are targeted. A children’s and maternity hospital was hit in Mariupol earlier this week as experts begin to draw comparisons with previous Russian attacks in Chechnya and Syria. DON'T MISS:Russia to launch 'hybrid warfare' against UK THIS WEEK [REPORT]Warning Putin will invade EU cities if Ukraine falls [NEW]Ukraine offers £767,000 reward for every defecting fighter pilot [REVEALED] The Chechen capital of Grozny was flattened during two wars from 1994 to 2000, with airpower generally the weapon of choice. Likewise, hundreds of civilians were killed in the Syrian city of Aleppo in 2016, with thousands of homes reduced to rubble. Mr Jackson warned that the situation in Ukraine will get much worse before it gets better. He said: “The situation is going to get far worse and Putin’s own actions in Chechnya in the late 1990s, provides a blueprint of the strategy that he may look to adopt. “The use of massive bombardments and terror tactics are very likely to drive the Ukrainian government to the negotiating table and put the Russians in a position of strength. “The reluctance to comply with locally negotiated ceasefires, is all part of the terror tactics to damage public confidence in the Ukrainian government to keep them safe.” Asked if a diplomatic resolution was a possibility, Mr Jackson said: “Yes, this situation can be resolved diplomatically but it will take time and likely create a situation which the Ukrainian people do not want or deserve. “The concessions will likely be incredibly damaging and humiliating but much of it will depend on the levels of resistance, changing mood of the oligarchs surrounding Putin and the impacts of the economic sanctions on the Russian state.” Pope Francis urged Putin to stop the “massacre” in Ukraine on Sunday, warning him that cities risked being “reduced to cemeteries”. He said Mariupol, which “bears the name” of the Virgin Mary, had become a “city martyred by the heartbreaking war”. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky wrote in a Facebook post that providing relief for Mariupol is his priority, with a humanitarian convoy heading towards the city. He wrote: “We are doing everything to break the resistance of the occupiers, who are blocking even priests of the Orthodox Church”. Ukraine has said throughout that it is willing to negotiate with the Kremlin, but will not surrender or accept any ultimatums. Mykhailo Podolyak, Ukrainian negotiator and presidential adviser, said in a video posted online on Sunday that progress had been made in talks with Moscow. He said: “We will not concede in principle on any positions. Russia now understands this. “Russia is already beginning to talk constructively. I think that we will achieve some results literally in a matter of days.”