Manchester United have reportedly added a man mentioned by club legend Paul Scholes to their shortlist of potential long-term managers. Ralf Rangnick is in charge of the Red Devils until the end of the season, before he steps into a consultancy role. Despite hinting that he wants to keep the job permanently, it is anticipated that Rangnick will indeed transition to a role upstairs. That means a new man will be needed to take over the manager’s job on a long-term basis, with United stepping up their search. Mauricio Pochettino, Erik ten Hag and Luis Enrique are understood to be the three frontrunners for the role. But that has not stopped United exploring alternative options to that trio as they aim to secure the perfect man to replace Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. And a new man appears to be have been added to their shortlist of potential targets, which will please Scholes. JUST IN: Man Utd star Cristiano Ronaldo 'not with 21-man squad' ahead of clash According to The Mirror, that new name is Southampton boss Ralph Hassenhuttl, who enjoys a close relationship with Rangnick. The Saints’ recent run of good form is said to have attracted the eye of United’s hierarchy, who are ‘prepared to consider’ appointing Hassenhuttl if they fail to appoint their preferred candidates. United are not the only side interested in Hassenhuttl, who would ‘jump at the chance’ of managing the Red Devils. The Austrian will now keep a close eye on United’s appointment process, though he already has the backing of Scholes, who hailed him following Southampton’s draw at Old Trafford last month. DON'T MISS: Pochettino 'wants Tottenham return' as Man Utd dealt next manager blow (NEWS)What Man Utd players have been doing in training ahead of Man City tie (INSIGHT)Conor McGregor: Could UFC icon buy Chelsea? Man Utd fan's net worth (ANALYSIS) “I've always thought the football he plays at Southampton with not the best squad. The type of football has worked for them,” he told BT Sport. “His teams have been good to watch; I think it comes across really well. This would be a different kind of pressure. “I think people around this club, and fans especially, are thinking more of possibly Pochettino or an Antonio Conte and what people have been at the bigger clubs. “The more I think about it, I don't think it would be a bad thing. The way he goes about his business, he looks good.” The news that Hassenhuttl is being considered for the job comes despite the fact that Ten hag is thought to have ‘an agreement’ to leave Ajax this summer. “He’s set his sights on leaving. Only: the resignation of Overmars does not help,” Dutch journalist Mike Verweij told De Telegraaf’s podcast, Kick-off. “I think he had more or less agreed with Overmars that he could leave after this season for a good price. “Ralf Rangnick is a fan of Erik ten Hag. Ten Hag is also a bit of a German type of trainer. Rangnick is very charmed by his style.”