Currently, residents in England are able to get a free bus pass once they turn 66, which is the state pension age. In comparison, those living in Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland and London are able to claim the travel concession once they reach 60. This means that people in England are having to wait longer to enjoy this discount than someone living in Scotland. In light of this discrepancy, people are choosing to speak out and lobby the UK Government to lower the age threshold for receiving the free bus pass. One woman named Linda Jones has created a petition on the website 38 Degrees calling for free bus passes to be introduced across every part of the UK. So far, the petition has raked up over 4,000 signatures with many people voicing similar concerns to Ms Jones. On the website, those who sign the petition are able to share their reasoning in the comments below. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim One signatory named Rob G said: “Why are people only in England not eligible for a bus pass at 60 compared to the rest of the UK. Surely this should be changed as soon as possible.” Agreeing with this train of thought, Maureen T said: “If I lived in London or Wales I would be eligible for a free bus pass at 60. “Why should those of us in other areas be discriminated against?” Ruth R added: “Why discriminate against English bus users who have to wait until they are 66. Simply doesn't make sense.”  “If you want equality then everyone must have the same opportunities, not depending on your postcode,” Joyce T explained. Paul D shared: “Because it is unfair Scotland gets it for free. It’s free in London and once again the rest of us in England outside London don’t matter.” Peter T said: “This is unfair, England should be treated the same as the rest of the United Kingdom.” As part of the petition for universal free bus passes, Linda Jones outlined why this particular cause is important to her. Ms Jones explained: “I want to know why a woman aged 60 can get a free bus pass in Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland, but has to wait until 66 to get one in England. “England should be the same. This is important because I have had my pension delayed until I am 66. “I now find that being English I have to wait yet again until I am 66.” Furthermore, the state pension is set to rise even further in the coming years which means residents in England will have an even longer waiting time to get this “freebie” benefit. While the Government has yet to make any changes to the state pension , those who are interested in applying for the free bus pass can do so via the gov.uk website. Those who are applying must share their postcode to apply via their local council who will then deliver it to their address.