Express.co.uk can reveal that Prince Charles has the backing of many members of the public to “slim down” the monarchy, in the process easing pressure on the public purse. In a poll that ran from 10am on Monday, March 7 to 11am on Tuesday, March 8, Express.co.uk asked: “Do you support Prince Charles' plans to 'slim down' the British monarchy?” A whopping 6,960 people cast their votes, and hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article in what was a lively debate. Another, username Mack20, said: “Definitely. Only those committed to living and working within the Monarch's UK public service team should remain Royals and retain any official duties and/or funding. “Furthermore, any member of the family who chooses to live in another country, not connected to working for the Monarch, should be removed from the line of succession and have Royal titles removed.” Others had clear ideas about who they wanted in the “slimmed down” Royal Family. Julianne said: “I agree about slimming down. Only Charles, Camilla, William, Catherine, Anne, Edward and Sophie.” And username Freedomflight wrote: “Prince Charles should definitely slim down the monarchy, firstly by removing Harry, Meghan and their children, also Andrew and his daughters. “I very much admire Anne, Edward and his wife as they work very hard behind the scenes, they I’m sure will continue to be a great support to Charles and in time William.” Username plainoldme said: “Yes, slim it down and make sure Harry and Andrew ARE NOT on the list BUT keep Princess Anne yes and Prince Edward but all of the others NO – remove them.” Meanwhile username punes said: “Only those few members of the Royal Family that are doing anything useful or necessary (which includes ceremonial functions) should be supported by the taxpayers .” Some people noted that a smaller Royal Family could be beneficial to the country. UsernameDonnaM12  said: “The Royal Family consisted of George VI, his Queen and two daughters. On the periphery were Margaret and the Queen's cousins. “Today we have a balcony stuffed with personages all benefiting in one way or another while the public struggle to meet heating costs. Not right, not good enough, slim it right down Charles.” Username leafspot wrote: “This is a tricky one. I'm guessing here but, I'm assuming that Charles believes he and Camilla will be as popular as the Queen – doubtful – eventually? “I'm not so sure and if 'slimming it down' is a strategic attempt to gain support I think he's on a hiding to nothing. “Will people still be attracted to all the pomp and ceremony, probably but it will never be the same without the Queen.” DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle's 4-word reply to stunned Prince Charles after offer to walk her down aisle [LATEST]Royal POLL: Do YOU think Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will have more children? [POLL]Queen savagely mocked over dress in throwback picture: 'Like a Cadbury wrapper!' [INSIGHT] The British monarchy has already endured some structural changes under Queen Elizabeth II but Charles is expected to take this further. Royal expert Jonathan Sacerdoti claims Charles wants to “make some changes” to the Royal Family when he becomes king. Mr Sacerdoti believes Charles will “formalise the slimming down” so that it does not seem like the “result of circumstances.” The changes will, it is believed, come into effect within a year of Charles’ accession.