The emergency regulations will scrap the Habitual Residence Test which would have seen refugees having to wait up to three months before being able to receive certain benefits. Ukrainians entering the UK could claim PIP, Universal Credit, Housing Benefit, Pension Credit, Child Disability Living Allowance, Carers Allowance, Attendance Allowance, Employment and Support Allowance and Jobseekers Allowance.   The regulations were confirmed on Monday to help eligible Ukrainians get their entitled benefits sooner by scrapping the Habitual Residence Test. The regulations will make those arriving in the UK from Ukraine exempt from the Habitual Residence Test and the Past Presence Test, allowing them to claim benefits if they are eligible from the moment they arrive. The tests are in place to check the claimants’ intentions to stay in the UK long-term and that they have the right to claim a benefit. A similar scrapping of this requirement was made for refugees fleeing Afghanistan in late 2021. READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares the wage you WON’T pay more tax under National Insurance hike  It requires claimants to prove the following: To prove habitual residence, claimants usually have to provide evidence including proof that they have been in the UK, Ireland, Channel Islands or Isle of Man for at least one to three months before they claim.     /finance/personalfinance/1585120/National-Insurance-hike-Martin-Lewis-Rishi-Sunak-spring-statement  After the Afghanistan Government fell in August 2021, refugees fleeing the situation could claim benefits they were entitled to without having to go through these time sensitive tests. These refugees still had to prove they left Afghanistan due to the fall of its Government through the likes of providing a letter from the UK Home Office illustrating their immigration status. Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Therese Coffey commented on the new regulations for Ukrainian refugees: “My priority is that people fleeing the unimaginable horrors in Ukraine to seek safety here get the support and help they need from day one to move forward in their lives immediately.” Financial Secretary to the Treasury, Lucy Frazer, also commented: “It is vital that families coming from Ukraine can support their children from the moment they arrive, and by adjusting child benefit rules and ramping up our support, the tax system is pivoting to ensure this happens.”  The new regulations have been praised by the Salvation Army Refugee Response, noting that this would provide targeted help for those seeking refuge in the UK. However, refugees will still have to face the standard five week wait for their first Universal Credit payment. They could get an advance in this time, but this advance would need to be paid back. Additionally, Turn2us estimates that for PIP claims it takes 20 weeks on average from starting the claim to getting a decision. Citizens Advice noted that it takes up to six months for some claimants to receive their first payment for PIP.  An estimated 2.8 million people claim PIP with application levels reaching the highest level in history last June. Unfortunately, only 53 percent of claims are actually awarded the benefit. Often, applying for PIP will include an assessment where claimants will need to explain how their condition affects them while also being observed to see the extent of the impact to help decide what level of payment will be awarded. Additionally, PIP is not affected by one’s earnings or savings as it focuses purely on the disability or condition they have and how it affects them making it vital that the claimant’s difficulties are clearly understood by the assessor.