The assistant coach of Oleksandr Usyk has taken aim at both Tyson Fury and Anthony Joshua after negotiations for a heavyweight world title bout between the Ukrainian and Fury fell through. Usyk, 35, delivered a masterful display at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium last September to outpoint 'AJ', and take his WBA, IBF, WBO and IBO heavyweight titles off him in the process. The following month, Fury, 33, won his dramatic trilogy bout with Deontay Wilder in Las Vegas to retain his WBC crown, seemingly paving the way for an all-British bout with mandatory challenger Dillian Whyte. In the meantime, Joshua, 32, immediately triggered his rematch clause with Usyk, with the assumption being the winners of the respective bouts would then meet in a mouth-watering unification bout. However, after negotiations stalled with Whyte, Fury's team then sought to bring that notion forward, offering Joshua a deal to step aside so that 'They Gypsy King' could face Usyk. The Watford man declined the offer though, and now it has been confirmed what Fury and Whyte will go head-to-head at Wembley on April 23. JUST IN: Alexander Povetkin appears to defend Russian war on Ukraine with alarming post  And now Sergey Lapin, who trains Usyk alongside Anatoly Lomachenko, has accused the Manchester man of "verbal garbage" - and opting out of a unification clash in favour of an easier bout. "Usyk is always ready for any challenger, he was one of the first who agreed to hold a unification against Tyson Fury. I heard that Joshua wasn't against receiving the compensation either to allow the unification," he told the MyBettingSites blog. "But suddenly something went wrong, it seems to me that Tyson Fury and his team chose a much safer option for themselves - a fight with Dillian Whyte. "More than 80% of the information coming from Tyson Fury is verbal garbage to attract attention and to promote boxing fights, he also tries to get into the heads of his rivals with his words, as he did with Deontay Wilder. DON'T MISS:Josh Taylor's controversial world-title win over Jack Catterall faces BBBofC investigationJoe Joyce's amazing chin explained by fellow heavyweight - 'Six times of a normal human'Chris Eubank Jr vs Kell Brook in major doubt as Eddie Hearn explains private talks "But such a story, like comparing Usyk to Tomasz Adamek, will not work with Usyk - nothing like this will affect Usyk’s psychology." Joshua wasn't spared his wrath here, with Lapin embracing the widely-held perception that we would have been better off biding his time and ensuring he was fully prepared to face Usyk second time around. "Compensation for Joshua to step aside would have been a better option for him as he would have had more time to correct his mistakes and prepare for the fight," he continued. "Joshua is a strong guy, he has been boxing for a long time, he has fought some serious opponents, but as far as the rematch goes, Joshua will not learn anything new in four months, no matter how many new coaches there are in his camp." However, it does not appear the rematch will take place anytime soon, with Usyk having returned to the Ukraine to take arms as his country fights against the Russian invasion. Compatriots and fellow boxers Wladimir and Vitali Klitschko, and Vasyl Lomachenko, have also joined the military effort after Russian President Vladimir Putin essentially declared war last Thursday. Usyk was in the UK on a promotional tour when the invasion began last week, but promptly flew home.