Lionel Messi was relishing the chance to take a welcome break from life at Paris Saint-Germain as he turned on the style in Argentina's 3-0 World Cup qualification win over Venezuela. The 34-year-old was on target and could have had a handful of assists after showcasing his magical ability just about every time he touches the ball. The confidence was oozing through the former Barcelona man with every touch of the ball, while there were also several mesmerising dribbles and drops of the shoulder. Had his team-mates - namely Angel Correa - been able to finish, Argentina would have run riot in Buenos Aires against the bottom-placed side. Nonetheless, it's now job done for Argentina who move on to Wednesday's trip to Ecuador as they continue their preparations for the World Cup. They are now also undefeated in 30 matches (21 wins, nine draws). This was potentially their final home game before the tournament as they prepare to face Italy at Wembley in June. Talks are also underway over other fixtures outside of South America. READ MORE: Real Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argument Messi was clearly feeling the love from his people - particularly after experiencing boos for the first time in his career at PSG in recent weeks - as he thanked them for his support. “I didn’t expect anything less of people, of the union between the Argentina public and this team,” Messi said after the triumph at the Bombonera stadium. “I’ve been happy here for a long time, since before we won the Copa America. “People have shown that they love me and I am grateful for that. Everything flows naturally, that makes it easier on and off the pitch." DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt Back in France, there is an uncomfortable atmosphere that is creating doubts over Messi's long-term future in Paris. The club's supporters are still furious over PSG's collapse in the Champions League. Mauricio Pochettino's men had led Real Madrid 2-0 on aggregate before they fell apart as Karim Benzema netted a hat-trick. After briefly recovering with a 3-0 win over Bordeaux in which the players - including Messi - were booed, the Ligue 1 leaders were then hammered 3-0 on the road at Monaco. The result has created huge doubt over the future of Pochettino, who could now struggle to make it until the end of the season. There is huge tension and an uncomfortable atmosphere around the club, with the dressing room also sapped of confidence. Reports even suggest Messi is actively keen to return to Barcelona, where he has been impressed by the work of former team-mate Xavi. The ship now looks to have sailed but one thing is for certain - Messi found his enjoyment for the game once again with Argentina.