In the past, the Golden Globe winning actress has been vocal about her intense workout routine and low-carb, gluten-free diet. She admitted that her main focus isn’t looks, it is being healthy. “I love bread, pancakes, and burritos, and pizza, but I have to stick to the diet, because it makes me look and feel better.” “The body beautiful is not a top priority any more,” she said. “Health and well-being are more important.”     Studies have shown there is a specific eight to 12 hour window in which we should eat food that matches your circadian rhythm or ‘body clock’. One study published in the journal Cell Metabolism found that eating between 8am and 2pm created improvements in blood sugar levels and blood pressure. A high blood pressure can lead to the onset of cardiovascular disease and stroke.    The star has also revealed that she follows a rigid fitness routine, performing physical exercise everyday. Welch said in the memoir: “You absolutely have to have an exercise program. I do something physical every day.” But having a fitness routine isn’t something new for Welch. The star told the Daily Mail when she was 61: “I get up at 6am and do yoga, stretches and breathing. “Then, six days a week, I go to the gym. I'm there at 7am and I do an hour of cardiovascular work and then 30 to 45 minutes of weight training.”   Yoga in particular has been shown to have several benefits such as relieving chronic lower back pain, as well as reversing ageing in skeletal muscles. Researchers at West Virginia University in America completed a year long study in which 90 people with chronic back pain did a yoga called Iyengar yoga therapy.    The group experienced an average 42 percent reduction in pain and a 46 percent reduction in symptoms of depression by 24 weeks. But although Welch has concentrated on remaining fit and healthy, she admitted that she does indulge in beauty products. “I do have beautiful skin - but people have told me that all my life, and when you have something special given to you, you want to take care of it,” she said.   