The Met Office issued a yellow warning on Wednesday for north west Scotland, warning that severe gales would hit the area in the morning bringing gusts of up to 70mph. It warned that gales would batter the Scottish Highlands and Eilean Siar and likely cause delays to road, rail, air and ferry transport services. The Met Office said the severe winds would likely hit the area between 6am and 11am on Wednesday morning before moving northwards beyond Stornoway. BBC weather forecaster Nick Miller warned that snow could also accompany the gales. He said: “Some severe gales, gusts up to 60-70mph, could be disruptive before those winds ease later. "This weather system weakens moving east overnight and into Thursday. On its back edge it will have some snow towards the Highlands and southern uplands for a time.” READ MORE: UK storm warning: Weather systems clash creating 'battleground' Parts of Scotland could see a couple of centimetres of snow as temperatures drop, according to maps from WXCharts. The BBC’s Nick Miller added: "In the clear spells in north west Scotland and Northern Ireland as Thursday begins there will be a frost here and particularly in Northern Ireland there is a risk of seeing some fog." He said it would likely be “blustery everywhere” in the west of England on Wednesday before winds ease overnight on Thursday. A weather divide between the east and west is expected in the coming days, with a low-pressure front sweeping in from the Atlantic expected to bring strong winds, rain and snow to the west of the country throughout Wednesday and into Thursday. DON'T MISS:Antarctica mystery solved: Ernest Shackleton's lost ship found [BREAKING]Brexit LIVE: EU rules us! Truss faces 'urgent' VAT headache [LIVE]Putin’s troops shooting OWN comrades for not killing innocent [LATEST]  Temperatures could drop to as low as nine degrees in Northern Ireland and eight in the Highlands. Meanwhile, the east is expected to enjoy sunny spells and warmer temperatures up to 16 degrees Celsius. Wind and rain was expected in much of the UK for the remainder of the week, dampening hopes that Spring is in sight, although temperatures will be milder. Meteorologists have warned that the UK is in for tumultuous weather this month as warm and cold weather systems clash above Britain. Warmer weather systems from the Atlantic are expected to clash with polar winds from Eastern Europe bringing a battle of milder and cold weather throughout March before temperatures settle in April. 