Bargain Hunt is back on BBC One and the TV series is known for its experts from all walks of life. David Harper is also an artist, public speaker and writer whose first TV role was on Channel 4's Natural Born Dealers. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about whether the antiques fanatic has children. David Harper is from Middlesbrough and he has featured on a wide range of TV shows. Some of his credits include Through the Keyhole and Ready Steady Cook. He has also presented segments for The One Show, Countryfile Summer Diaries and Inside Out. Fans may recognise him from his regular appearances on Antiques Road Trip. But he is also a regular expert on Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is and Cash in the Attic. READ MORE: Where is Bargain Hunt's Anita Manning from? The star, 55, is married to his wife Wendy and they tied the knot in 1997. The couple split their time between their homes in London and County Durham. They have a daughter, Henrietta, who is a lead singer in the band Tiffany Twisted. The singer is known for her love of tattoos and piercings, something David was not too keen on. "I went ballistic when she had the first tattoo. "I was genuinely furious and told her she was going to have to live with it forever, but that didn't stop her having more. "As she's now an adult, living independently in London, there wasn't much more I could say," he told the Daily Mail in 2019. As for his own childhood, David spent a lot of his childhood in Zimbabwe. His father worked there which meant the family relocated. He returned to the UK when he was 17 to launch a career in buying and selling antiques. DON'T MISS... Caroline Hawley: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? [EXPLAINER] Jonathan Pratt age: How old is the Bargain Hunt expert? [INSIGHT] Bargain Hunt expert David Harper recalls going ‘ballistic’ at daughter [INTERVIEW] He said: "I've been surrounded by antiques all my life, it's a family passion. "My parents would always be hunting around antiques shops and auctions. "I started collecting coins and stamps at the age of five and bought my first antique at the age of nine. "That along with a great love of history, it's always been the perfect business for me."  The star announced on Twitter he would be stepping down from his regular Bargain Hunt role after 15 years. In November 2020 he said: "Bargain Hunt Announcement: After 15 happy years on @BBCBargainHunt I've decided, now is the time to move on and hang up my golden gavels (I do have a few, I promise!) "Thanks for the fun and memories. Cheers and keep watching! David." Repeat episodes of the series still feature the expert.  Bargain Hunt airs on weekdays on BBC One at 12.15pm.