Kate Humble, 53, has confessed she was worried she may have made a “terrible mistake” in starting a rural skills business, which she runs with her husband, television producer and director Ludo Graham. She said there were times when she had doubts about whether they’d made the right decision. In a new interview, Kate described setting up the business as “really hard” but also rewarding. She explained that it was especially difficult, because running the business was so new to them and not an area they had much experience in. When asked about setting up a rural skills business with her husband, the television presenter, who specialises in wildlife shows, she told Platinum magazine earlier this month: “It was really hard. “We were doing our day jobs while getting it up and running, with no knowledge or experience. READ MORE: 'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star “We constantly asked ourselves, ‘Are we making a terrible mistake?’ Kate added that things worked out for the best and she’s glad they took the “risk”. She said: “But now we are living the dream. “And I’m really pleased we did it, because you can coast through life and always take the easy option, or you can take risks and enjoy the satisfaction that comes with that.” Kate and Ludo married in Newbury in 1992. Kate recently spoke about her marriage of almost 30 years on a one-off Channel 5 documentary called Escape To The Winter Farm With Kate Humble. Opening up about how the pandemic actually strengthened her marriage to BAFTA award-winning husband, Ludo. The 53-year-old explained: “We have lived through major world events in our time together, including the fall of the Berlin Wall and Nelson Mandela being released from prison and now the pandemic. DON’T MISS:Gordon Ramsay says he 'can't stand the Cornish' as he reignites row [UPDATE]A Place in the Sun's Jasmine Harman's farewell to Laura Hamilton [NEWS]‘Just doesn't understand!' Lorraine Kelly makes ‘change’ with husband [LATEST] “And now we’re hanging on in there and we have stayed together for the dogs, obviously,” she joked. The couple, who live on a 117-acre working farm in Wales, decided not to have children although Kate does have godchildren. “People ask what the key to a successful relationship is. “I think it’s because we’ve always given each other space. “But as I say, I don’t know why our relationship has worked despite not having kids. It doesn’t mean that we don’t have days where you think, ‘Oh bloody hell, I’m going to go for a long walk on my own.’ “We all do that. “I know I drive him completely mad a lot of the time. “But, then I’ll cook something nice and get away with it.” Kate released her debut cookbook last month. In the book, she shared some of her favourite recipes which were inspired by her rural life at home in Wales.