Manchester United and Tottenham have reportedly been dealt a major early summer transfer blow. Both teams are preparing to improve their squads in the off-season and are likely to spend vast sums of money. The Premier League outfits appear to have earmarked midfield as an area of improvement. Several midfielders have already been linked with the two clubs. One of those is AC Milan star Franck Kessie. The Ivorian has been a key player for the Serie A side since joining from Atalanta in 2019. United were linked with a move for the 25-year-old in the build-up to the January transfer window. However, the Red Devils opted not to make any new signings after spending heavily on the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane last summer. Spurs were also linked with Kessie during Antonio Conte’s first transfer window in charge of the club. the north Londoners struggled to make any signings until the final few days despite Conte urging the board to improve his squad following his November appointment.   JUST IN: Man Utd starlet goes viral after unusual penalty gesture against Spurs The Italian was handed two new additions on deadline day. Midfielder Rodrigo Bentancur and attacker Dejan Kulusevski both arrived from Juventus, while Spurs also missed out on Luis Diaz who instead signed for Liverpool from Porto. United and Spurs could both revisit their apparent interest in Kessie this summer. The former are in desperate need of new midfielders and whoever their next manager is will expect additions. However, both clubs have reportedly been dealt a blow in their pursuit of the Ivory Coast international because Kessie has seemingly decided to sign for another club.   DON'T MISS...Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich linked with takeover at another clubLiverpool hailed for 'luxury that Man City don't have' in title raceMan City flaw named by Neville as Liverpool title advantage explained According to reliable transfer expert Gerard Romero, Kessie has already agreed a deal to join Barcelona when the transfer window reopens in July. The journalist claims all parties have reached an agreement. The Milan star is one of several high-profile names out of contract in June 2022, so cash-strapped Barca do not need to worry about a transfer fee. They will instead acquire the player on a free transfer.    Kessie has played 213 times for the Serie A outfit. He is known for his combative and energetic style in midfield. Meanwhile, Spurs’ underwhelming January transfer window will not impact Conte’s future, the 52-year-old has insisted. Conte has reinforced that he is ‘committed’ to the club despite recently hinting at quitting Spurs. "For sure at the moment there is only one truth - I am committed to this club for another year," Conte, who has a contract until 2023, said. "The club wanted this type of situation and I accepted it because it was good to get to know each other."