Data from Opinium has found almost one in five Britons who identify as F1 fans may not continue to watch in 2022 after the events in the Abu Dhabi finale between Verstappen and Hamilton. Ten per cent said they are not sure if they would tune in, with eight per cent saying they would definitely not watch. It comes after just 42 per cent of over 1,300 fans said they were happy with the season finale in Abu Dhabi. The season ended in controversy after Max Verstappen overtook Lewis Hamilton on the final lap of the race.A late-race safety car saw Verstappen close in on Hamilton on fresher tyres and the Dutchman dispatched of the Mercedes within five corners. Cameron Hatter, Sports and Entertainment Researcher at Opinium said it was clear” the final race continues to have an “impact” on F1.He said: “It is clear that the controversial 2021 Formula One season finale appears to still have an impact on the sport, as a significant number of people have decided they will not continue watching in the 2022 season.” READ MORE: Lando Norris weighs in on F1 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix controversy However, data from Opinium shows the finale was popular among younger viewers. Three in five gans aged 18-34 said the end of the 2021 season had improved their view of F1 as a whole.This fell to just 28 per cent of fans aged between 35 and 54 years of age and just six per cent for those over 55. A massive 63 per cent of fans feel F1 only acts in the interest of making more money.Mr Hatter added: “With a completely redesigned car and a new system for race direction, the 2022 season yields the biggest changes in the sport for decades. A new look for a new season suggests that Formula One is taking into account the desires of its fans more than ever. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton could lose his 'key strength' after Mercedes issue [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton and George Russell reveal true extent of Mercedes issue [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton facing setback with Mercedes ‘suffering like no other' [ANALYSIS] “To captivate the interest of its fans with something other than controversial decision making, fans say it must prove that it has learnt its lessons from those countless divisive judgements of last season as well as grow to be more accessible, more engaging, and shake off the perception that it is only driven by its pursuit of profit.”The FIA has previously admitted the final laps in Abu Dhabi risked “tarnishing the image of the championship”. They promised a “detailed analysis” into the final laps which has not yet been published to the public.As part of the enquiry, the FIA did announce a range of new measures for 2022. This included the sacking of Michael Masi with two new race directors since having been appointed. A new ‘VAR’ style replay system will also be introduced to ensure all decisions are scrutinised.