Pension saving is often considered vital for a comfortable retirement. However, this is not the only reason people will choose to put money away. Many are hoping to make provision for family and loved ones after they have died. Experts have warned many savers are neglecting a key form which could lead to delays, mistakes and disputes. Many people may think drafting a Last Will and Testament will be the key to outlining all of their final wishes. However, there is one part of a financial legacy not covered by a will: who inherits your defined contribution pension. READ MORE: ‘How is it fair?’ Fury as Scotland and Wales get free prescriptions The money left in the pot when a person dies can be passed on, and is also free from inheritance tax (IHT). But to make sure money gets to the right people, Britons are being encouraged to fill in a key form known as Expression of Wishes. This document lays out the names of beneficiaries, meaning money can be directly routed to these individuals. Based on customer data, Interactive Investor has estimated less than a third of pension savers have filled out this vital document. DON'T MISSPIP claimants could be missing out on freebies including free bus pass [INSIGHT]Premium Bond winners that only bought bonds this year [UPDATE]Carers could be eligible for extra £164 through DWP benefit [EXPLAINED] This is equivalent to around 15million people who have not clearly made their wishes known. Experts have warned that a missing or not updated Expression of Wishes form can lead to mistakes, family disputes, and even delays in a pay out. Becky O’Connor, Head of Pensions and Savings at Interactive Investor, said: “Millions of people are failing to fill out this form that might not seem important, but can lead to a lot of unnecessary stress when someone dies leaving a pension. “It’s a small piece of admin that can save your heirs a lot of hassle, delays and disputes over your pension when you die. “When you start a new job, the ‘Expression of Wishes’ form will accompany the sign-up information for your workplace pension. “If you set up your own personal pension, again this form is one of the things you are asked to fill out. “However, it is often missed or set aside for later but then forgotten about. People may mistakenly assume that a will covers all assets including a pension, but this isn’t the case with defined contribution pensions.” Expression of Wishes forms for older pensions are rarely updated which could also cause issues. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea In the passage of time, relationships may change, and children may have been born, impacting who a person wants to inherit their money. As such, individuals are being actively encouraged to take the time to update or start their Expression of Wishes. Once this form is in place it can avoid the complications of inheritance, and settle a person’s affairs quickly. Those who need assistance with the matter have been told to consult their pension provider or financial adviser.