Oxford’s Zero Emission Zone was launched on February 28 and charges all petrol and diesel vehicles between £2 and £10 per day. Electric vehicles are the only fuel type vehicle which is exempt, with hybrid vehicles also needing to pay a fee depending on the emissions output of the car. Certain groups of people are exempt from paying the daily charge including public transport and emergency services. One grey area is taxis which do not need to pay any charges because of a “close communication with the local authorities”. Sajad Khan, the general secretary of the City of Oxford Licensed Taxicab Association, said: “By 2025 we are scheduled to change all 100 percent of our cabs to be zero-emission cabs, that is the plan. “One of the reasons for us to be exempt from paying any fees is because of the investment we have to make towards these vehicles. READ MORE: Major diesel changes being introduced in April will 'punish hauliers' “At the moment, there is no immediate impact on the black cab trade. “The zero emission zone definitely has propelled the plan on our side to invest in these vehicles as soon as possible for the benefit of Oxford and for the benefit of everybody,” they told Oxfordshire Live. He explained that the black cab trade is “proud” and supportive of a ZEZ in Oxford because “at the end of the day it is all about benefit to health”. This comes as new data has shown that the number of people with respiratory diseases would fall by 150,000 a year by 2030 if current and proposed Government policies related to net zero and air pollution were implemented in full, according to the Clean Air Fund. DON'T MISSRAC calls for car tax rates to be cut [SHOCKING]DVLA launch new campaign to warn drivers of £1,000 car tax fine [WARNING]EVs are most fault-prone fuel type as experts call for reliability [INSIGHT] Further analysis from Asthma and Lung UK showed that Britain has the worst death rate for lung conditions in western Europe, with more than 100,000 people dying every year. The 2018 National Emission Ceilings Regulations set legally binding emission reduction targets for 2030 on a number of harmful air pollutants. But there have been warnings that the UK is set to miss these 2030 targets for four out of the five emissions - including reducing fine particulate matter. Ben Richardson, Chief Executive of SulNOx Group Plc, said more needed to be done more quickly to tackle the problem. London-based SulNOx Group specialises in providing responsible solutions towards decarbonisation of liquid hydrocarbon fuels. Its fuel additives, which are also available for retail purchase, reduce the production of harmful emissions including particulate matter. They are made from natural, biodegradable ingredients, to emulsify water, increase lubricity and oxygen availability to the fuel – making it burn cleanly and more efficiently. Mr Richardson said: “We are in talks with a number of organisations at both local and national level, about how we can help them reduce their environmental impact and their impact on air quality.” Hospital admissions for lung conditions have doubled in England and Wales from 1,535 per 100,000 in 1999 to 3,143 per 100,000 in 2019. He added: “The reports from Asthma + Lung UK and the Clean Air Fund illustrate both the scale of the problem of air pollution and the potential benefits of reducing its impact. “Analysis shows that over seven years, half a million people have died from causes including asthma attacks, exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and pneumonia. “This is a public health crisis and needs a response from everyone.”