Incorporating home features which make properties stand out from others has never been more important as the number of residential properties being sold in England last year increased by 10 percent, according to the Office for National Statistics. Some changes, such as installing an expensive modern kitchen, add less than they cost to complete, while outlandish enhancements like installing a hot tub or swimming pool in the garden, run the risk of actually reducing a home's value and its appeal. Here are some of the essential home features that experts say are sure to reap rewards. A study by Rightmove involving 3,000 potential buyers showed that they avoid properties with sluggish broadband — these days dubbed 'the fourth utility' after electricity, gas and water. Superfast broadband is delivered via cable or fibre-optics and means you can stream TV, music or data without delays, with all members of the family using it at once. If homeowners are in a poor reception area, they should aim to fit satellite broadband, which means fitting a dish to the house. Faster broadband can add anywhere between five and 10 percent to a property’s value Rightmove's Bernard Phillips said: “Broadband has become ingrained in people's lives and is a hugely important factor when choosing a home. READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it “Its appeal should not be underestimated.” Faster broadband can add anywhere between five and 10 percent to a property’s value. As the average UK house price now stands at £278,123, according to Halifax, installing broadband can increase property value by up to £27,812.30 Broadband costs between £17 to £55 per month depending on capacity and the dish and installation is free. Estate agents insist that new double-glazed windows or fitting secondary glazing inside existing windows will add value while making a home more “sellable”. Alex Harvey, from Henry Adams estate agency in Sussex, said: “Buyers of period homes want wooden window frames. DON'T MISS:Lawn care: The ‘spiking’ trick to remove all signs of moss  [EXPERT]Orchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms [TIPS]Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home  [INSIGHT] “Don't plastic in or they'll start discounting the price. “We've sold an Edwardian terrace cottage for £40,000 more than predicted two years ago. “All the owners did was replace single-glazed windows with wooden framed double-glazed windows costing £18,000.” Just like with faster broadband, double glazing can boost property value by 10 percent. Kerb appeal is crucial and can add 10 percent to a house’s value. Property expert Kate Hardwick from Smiths Gore explained how “simple improvements” can make a massive difference. She said: “More people are looking at houses from the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s. “Simple improvements like rendering unattractive brick and replacing concrete roof tiles with slate increase kerb appeal and value.” Even a small outlay helps, according to property expert Jonathan Handford, of Fine & Country. He said: “Hanging baskets, flower pots, freshly painting the front door, ensuring the fence is crisp and clean, plus trimming hedges and lawns can create a welcoming impression.” New-build houses routinely fit them to two or more bedrooms. Carole Ann Evans from Hampshire agent Morris Dibben noted how an en-suite bathroom is an “ideal” addition to any home. She said: “If you have a four-bedroom house with just one bathroom, add another - an en-suite to the master bedroom, ideally.” Also fit new taps, a heated towel rail and power shower and use a glass shower screen or door instead of the dreaded shower curtain. As with the other features, an en-suit can also add 10 percent to a home’s value.