Former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan has taken to Twitter to react after Ukraine's president Volodymyr Zelenskyy delivered an emotional appeal to the US Congress today in light of Russia's invasion of the country. During his appearance, Zelenskyy asked for more military support and for NATO to enforce a no-fly zone over his country in light of the continued bombing of Ukraine. In view of his 7.9 million followers, the former newspaper editor shared his thoughts on watching the emotive speech. Piers wrote: "My God... "If this video President Zelensky is currently playing to Congress doesn’t stir America to get more heavily involved in defeating Putin, then nothing will. "Terrifying and heart-breaking," he added. READ MORE: Robert Rinder shares update on partner Oksana's Ukrainian family Following Piers' latest commentary, his followers flocked to the comments to share their thoughts on the subject. Agreeing with the former Life Stories host, @Musakromahh wrote: "I was in tears watching this video - God Please help these people." @michellepriti penned: "That video was just heartbreaking to watch. Huge respect President Z. " (sic) However, some took issue with Piers' tweet and President Zelenskyy's appeal. Replying to Piers, @GlasgowRKSpurs wrote: "No one is stopping you going to Ukraine and fighting for the country yourself." While @glennerboy penned: "Why do you want world war 3 so bad?" @dappernorman criticised Zelenskyy's speech, adding: "Matters should be decided by diplomacy - not emotional manipulation." In a later tweet, the former ITV newsreader praised the Ukrainian leader for his historic speech. DON'T MISS... 'Can't wait!' The Repair Shop's Will Kirk teases move away from show [INSIGHT]Josephine Jobert shares 'embarrassing' moment with Ralf Little [ANALYSIS]Oti Mabuse strikes Strictly star 'off friendship list' amid show claim [UPDATE] Piers wrote: "Can’t think of many better orators or communicators in my lifetime than President @ZelenskyyUa "So eloquent, so direct. "Not a word ever wasted... and all delivered as he lives in constant real danger of being killed. "Remarkable man, and an astoundingly inspiring leader," he finished. During his address to Congress earlier today, President Zelenskyy invoked the horror of the 2001 terror attacks on the US as he urged the US and Nato countries to enforce a no-fly zone over Ukraine. Since Russia invaded Ukraine, Zelenskyy has repeatedly called for Nato to enforce a no-fly zone over his country, but his requests have been denied as it would result in NATO forces engaging directly with Russian planes. Instead, the President pleaded for more air-defence systems and aircrafts. Following Zelenskyy's speech, US President Joe Biden is later set to sign off an extra $800m (£612m) in military aid to Ukraine.