Zack announced he would be leaving his role on EastEnders last month, ahead of the conclusion of killer Gray Atkins' (played by Toby-Alexander Smith) storyline playing out on-screen. The actor's character Keegan was fundamental to the fallout of the heartbreak his brother-in-law had created, even stepping in when his parents were consumed with grief. During Thursday night's episode of the BBC soap, the beloved Walford resident was reunited with the love of his life, Tiffany Butcher (Maisie Smith) before they both left the Square for good but why has Zack decided now is the time to quit? The soap star made his first appearance on the show back in 2017 as a troublesome character but over the past five years, he has matured into a savvy businessman. Keegan has been involved in some of the soap's most high-profile storylines in recent times, including highlighting the dangers of knife crime, marrying Tiffany, having an affair, launching his own business and trying to deal with the grief of losing his sister, Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plummer). However, in light of the discovery, she was murdered by her husband Gray, it was time for the character to move on to pastures new and forget about his troubled past in Walford. Explaining his decision to quit the show, Zack said in a statement: "After five beautiful years on this incredible show I have made the tough decision to leave Walford and give Keegan Butcher-Baker some well-earned rest. "This show has quite frankly changed my life for the better. It will always hold a real loving place in my heart," he continued. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role "The cast and crew of this show deserve every accolade that comes their way," Zack explained as he praised his colleagues. "The hard work, love and dedication that goes into making four episodes a week is immense and it's not to be taken lightly. "This show has given me so much, not just as an actor, but as a man. These invaluable lessons I have learned at EastEnders will stay with me for the rest of my life. "I will forever see this whole experience as the biggest blessing I could have ever asked for. I loved every second." In a follow-up interview, Zack expanded on his reasons for leaving, with the soap star explaining: "I am going to try and go for gold, take every opportunity I can get." "Trying new characters, reading new scripts – just broadening my horizon and testing myself," the actor told Metro.co.uk. "I am hungry, I am ready. It’s not about the show itself, it's about me as a person. "I love the show to pieces, I’d never have a bad word to say about it and it was always good to me. But right now, the new opportunities are my focus.” Kate Oates, the executive producer of the show, also commented on the actor's departure, stating: "Zack has been an incredible asset to EastEnders, not just as a brilliant actor, but as an amazing company member. "As a founding member of the Taylor-Bakers, Zack has shone in important narratives such as the knife crime story, he's broken hearts with his beautiful relationship with Tiffany Butcher and is soon to take centre stage again as his sister's killer is unmasked. "We will miss Keegan from our screens, and Zack from our Elstree family. He's a great talent, and we wish him well for the future." DON'T MISS...EastEnders star Danny Dyer's horror after stealing £109 of petrol [COMMENT]Tamzin Outhwaite left 'in tears' over Liverpool's tribute to Ukraine [COMMENT]Danny Dyer health: Star on mental health 'struggle' and Covid fear [ANALYSIS] With Keegan making it out of Walford alive, there is every chance the character could return in the future as the door has been left open. Zack has not explicitly confirmed whether he would ever make a comeback as Keegan but emphasising he wanted to "rest" the character means it could be on the agenda. Keegan's mother, Karen Taylor (Lorraine Stanley), father Mitch Baker (Roger Griffiths) and sister Bailey Baker (Kara-Leah Fernandes) are all still living on the Square so there are still connections to Walford. It's been reported the actor has already landed his first role after finishing filming on the show. He will be starring in a new survival thriller entitled Jericho Ridge, which will be set in America and it began filming earlier this month. Therefore, it is unlikely Keegan will be returning to Walford within the next couple of years as Zack tries to crack America. Some of Zack's co-stars have spoken out on his exit from the show, one being his on-screen mother and the actress who plays Karen, Lorraine. Taking to Instagram, the soap star wrote: "Well it’s been an absolute honour to play your Mum @_zack_morris you are a little gem!! "[Your] passion and commitment to the craft is just so impressive! I’ve laughed so much working with you & the whole Taylor/Baker famalam, memories I will cherish forever! "You are so talented, you’re generous, kind, professional, real, the list goes on… Go shine like the star you are. I love you Son!! (Mummy 2) xxxxx." [Sic] Fans have also been sharing their reactions to Zack leaving the show after five years, with BovaryCee writing: "It’s definitely going to be heartbreaking with hopefully a happy ending. Keegan, Tiffany, Karen, Mitch." Ryan added: "I really want them to have Julia's theme. The perfect way for Tiffany and Keegan to close their love story." Crybby shared: "Keegan is really acting, time for Hollywood babes! #Eastenders." "@_Zack_Morris has been fantastic on #EastEnders Since he played Keegan @bbceastenders," television live commented on the social media platform. Donna remarked: "When Keegan first arrived in #Eastenders he used to enrage me. But @_Zack_Morris has grown that character into such a believable heartbreaking young man. He’ll be missed." EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday at 7:30pm on BBC One.