The pub boss said the move could be an opportunity for the Royal Family to "earn a bit of income". His suggestion came after the Royal Family announced that the Queen would be moving her permanent residence to Windsor Castle. Mr Martin said: "The Queen's moved out early. "Perfect opportunity for Timbo. "I wouldn't even insist on taking over the whole of Buckingham Palace, I’d just take a section and a bit of garden. "The Royal Family could earn a bit of income and I could feature in the Trooping the Colour." Mr Martin said the Queen would be welcome to come back to the Palace for a drink, adding: "She likes a sherbert, so I’ve heard on the grapevine". Speaking about converting the House of Lords into a pub, Mr Martin said: "[People] could come in, look around. "We’d preserve the old features." The Queen announced she would be moving her permanent residence to Windsor Castle in March. She has lived at the palace for most of her 70-year-reign. READ MORE: Queen ‘pacing her diary’ as health fears to stop ‘committed’ monarch However, after spending much of the last two years in Windsor Castle, isolating during the pandemic, she has come to prefer life outside of London. Speaking to the Sunday Times, royal author Hugo Vickers said: "Windsor is the place she loves. "She has her memories with Prince Philip there, she has her ponies there and family nearby. "It makes sense." DON'T MISS: Harry and William's feud 'will not heal' as Duke warned on Kate [INSIGHT] Dr Shola rages in defence of Harry missing Philip memorial [REACTION] Kate and William plan return trip to the Bahamas with their children [REVEAL] The Queen will reportedly still make day trips to Buckingham Palace. Mr Martin, who founded Wetherspoons in 1979, said that lockdown has also impacted his own habits. Speaking to MyLondon, he said: "I'd never drunk at home until lockdown. "I was the type of guy that always had to go out for a couple of pints in the evening. "The pub is a social place, a melting pot for communities. "If you can’t go there isn't a melting pot, people tend to stick to their own tight little circles, which isn't as good and not good as a country. "They also provide a social function for people who don't have another social life." Additional reporting by Zak Garner-Purkis