Putin's forces are trying to terrorise the population by picking civilian targets, she warned. Olha Stefanishyna told the BBC how the valiant resistance by the Ukrainian army has provoked the ruthless switch in tactics. Artillery and missile strikes are part of an "enormous operation" and the situation is getting worse, she added. Odessa, a historic port city on the Black Sea coast, is next in line for heavy shelling, the Ukrainian government warned. The civilian death toll in Ukraine since the start of the invasion is estimated to be at least 2,000, with many more severely injured. Footage from Irpin, on the outskirts of Kyiv, has shown how Russia is killing men, women and children in heavily populated areas, despite Putin's denials. US Secretary of State Anthony Blinken said there are "very credisociety, ble reports" that Russia has committed war crimes. The International Criminal Court is investigating alleged war crimes by Russia in Ukraine. Attacking civilians and civilian targets, such as schools and hospitals, is against Geneva Conventions which are supposed to regulate conflicts between nations. Amnesty International says it has verified a number of alleged war crimes, including cluster munitions hitting a kindergarten and nursery, as well as a ballistic missile strike on a hospital. World Health Organisation director-general Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, said: "We have confirmed several attacks on healthcare in Ukraine, causing multiple deaths and injuries." Speaking in a sandbagged room, next to a blue and yellow flag of Ukraine, Ms Stefanishyna said: "Shelled hospitals, shelled houses for kindergartens and schools, and ordinary households - this is how reality looks." Her country is fac- ing "another wave of implementation of this terroristic plan of the Russian Federation", she told BBC's Sunday Morning. While Russia is suffering "enormous losses" of soldiers, equipment and vehicles as her people fight for their homeland, she said the resistance "only encourages further aggression". Yesterday, a second attempt to evacuate refugees from port city Mariupol was foiled, after it was shelled less than an hour into an agreed ceasefire. Residents have now taken cover in bomb shelters without electricity or water. The International Committee of the Red Cross said: "Amid devastating scenes of human suffering in Mariupol, a second attempt today to start evacuating an estimated 200,000 people out of the city came to a halt. The failed attempts yesterday and today underscore the absence of a detailed and functioning agreement between the parties to the conflict." UN monitors estimate 350 Ukrainian civilians have been killed in the war but they acknowledge the real death toll was likely to be "considerably higher". It is thought more than 1.5 million people have fled Ukraine since the invasion began on February 24. Russia employed similar tactics in Chechnya in 1999 and Syria in 2016. Both air and ground munitions were used in a bid to strike fear into the population and force them to submit to Russian forces. Reports of random attacks on unarmed civilians by Russian troops appeared to back up claims Putin's army is attempting to terrorise Ukraine's population. However, Chief of the Defence Staff Admiral Sir Tony Radakin said the invasion "is not going well" for the Kremlin, with Russia's military might not proving as strong as expected in the face of determined Ukrainians. Quizzed on whether a Russian takeover is inevitable, Sir Tony said: "No. We've seen a Russian invasion that is not going well. We're also seeing a remarkable resistance by Ukraine, both its armed forces and its people." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea