King Henry VIII famously had six wives and spearheaded the Protestant Reformation during his controversial reign. During his 36 years on the throne, England’s former King embarked on a quest for a male heir to succeed him after his death. After Henry married his first wife Catherine of Aragon in 1509, his hopes of fathering a son with her were dashed as she could not live up to his expectations. Catherine gave birth to only one child who survived, a daughter who went onto become Mary I, also known as Bloody Mary. By the 1520s, England’s former King was already beguiled by the beauty of Anne Bolyen, his wife’s young lady-in-waiting. Henry appealed to Pope Clement VII for an annulment so he could marry Anne but his requests were rejected. The monarch instead declared himself the supreme head of the Church of England and eventually tied the knot with Anne in 1533. However, their marriage also ended in disaster after Henry’s new Queen only gave birth to daughter as well. She was called Elizabeth, and later ruled over England for 45 years, but was not the male heir the King desired. JUST IN: Prince Harry relieved as Duke of Sussex's 'second dad' returns home after cancer scare Anne was later put on trial for treason, among other crimes, and was executed at the Tower of London in 1536. Historian Sandra Vasoli told Express.co.uk how a key piece of evidence that was “not known” about before reveals how Henry regretted the brutality he showed towards Anne as he lay on his deathbed in 1547. Ms Vasoli, who wrote the 2015 book ‘Anne Boleyn's Letter from the Tower: A New Assessment’, has discovered remarkable comments Henry made during his final hours. The account about Henry’s grief for Anne is contained in the book ‘Cosmographie Universalle’, written by André Thevet, a Sixteenth Century French explorer, who was in touch with the King’s courtiers. Ms Vasoli told Express.co.uk: “The only other historian that I know who has really acknowledged or has seen this was a Victorian woman by the name of Agnes Strickland. She believes the French writer, who was a friar, may have at one time been based at the friary that was attached to Greenwich Palace. The inscription in Bishop White Kennett’s account reads: “The King acknowledges with great grief at his death the injuries he had done to the lady Anne Boleyn and her daughter. “As André Thevet in his cosmography, a writer, in no way partial, has testified’.” Ms Vasoli said: “André Thevet was a person. You can find this book, ‘The Universal Cosmography’. “You can see this writing, although it's difficult because it's all in old French. “There might even be more in his book about it, but who is going through this humongous volume of old French? Nobody. “So, a lot of this stuff I think goes unnoticed.” The historian claimed the account “fits in” with what we already know about the last days of Henry’s life. She added: “You have to wonder to whom Henry confessed this grief and if they confessed it or told it to this Franciscan friar. “It says that he regularly heard the confessions of the top English courtiers. “So, it's very probable. In my mind, it makes all the sense in the world actually. So, I do think he regretted it.” ‘Anne Boleyn's Letter from the Tower: A New Assessment’ was written by Sandra Vasoli and published by MadeGlobal Publishing in 2015. It is available here.