The photos show how several unlucky motorists have ended up as walking advertisements for the cars they drive after being involved in an accident. The centre cap of a steering wheel usually explodes outwards on impact to release the airbag - leaving those who drive one-handed with a stamp on the wrist. The thread started with a single photo from a user called @pielcanela who posted a photo of their blooded wrist. They captioned it: “got t-boned now I’m f***ing branded with the Nissan logo”. While the first users replied with shock at the photo, soon more and more drivers weighed in with their own identical injuries, featuring makes like Toyota, Hyundai, Chevrolet and Honda. Soon hundreds of people were discussing how they never realised the effect was so common. READ MORE: London’s ULEZ scheme to cover all of the capital from next year Twitter user "Iamcvinvii" said: “The fact that this thread is FILLED with people being branded by car emblems is wild to me. “I didn’t even think that was a thing that was possible.” Another wrote: “The amount of people in this thread with similar injuries is alarming. Stop driving with one hand at 12 o clock. “There's a reason they tell you 9 & 2.” DON'T MISSNew diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ [SHOCKING]Massive law changes to equip homes with EV chargers is 'frustrating' [WARNING]Andy Burnham calls for car tax U-turn after Clean Air Zone backlash [INSIGHT] Others added their injuries one after the other, with one posting: “I literally had the same st happen back in 2016 but with a Hyundai logo.” Another posted a photo of a Toyota logo stamped onto their injured arm. While another had a very clear "H" for Honda covering most of their wrist. The tweet from @thekrustykrust said simply “Glad I’m not the only one". While airbags have saved hundreds of thousands of lives over the years, they can still cause severe injury. An airbag that doesn’t deploy correctly can badly injure a driver's face and eyes. Over the past decade 37 million cars were recalled in the US due to faulty airbags from a firm called Takata. More than 1.7million cars in the UK had the same issue with the bags installed into mostly Honda vehicles. But the original poster seemed to realise their tweet attracting thousands of replies could be put to their advantage. They wrote: “My car is totalled but I’ll accept @nissanusa to buy me a new one since I’m a walking airbag advertisement now.” And their plan seemed to have worked as Nissan soon responded, asking the poster to send them a message. Their official twitter account wrote: “Our team sincerely regrets to hear of these circumstances and would like the opportunity to learn more.”