Currently, the state pension age is 66 after a process of equalisation between the sexes, and a subsequent rise. However, more increases are scheduled, meaning retirement could be further off for millions. One expert has warned a rising state pension age is made more likely due to birth rates dropping in recent years. In 2021, there were 625,008 live births recorded in England and Wales - a 1.5 percent increase on the 2020 figure. However, in 2011, there were 725,248 births, meaning the rate has dropped 14 percent in a decade. With the old age dependency ratio continuing to grow, this could have implications for the state pension. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak may give olive branch of more 'support' to pensioners Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, examined the data. She said: “The increase in births looks like little more than a blip, with the overwhelming trend being that we are having fewer babies than before. “There are many good reasons why people choose to have smaller families but the impact on society has been dramatic with a decreasing number of working age people supporting an expanding group of older people. “While there are indications that the rate of increasing longevity may be slowing down, data from the ONS shows the old-age-dependency ratio - the number of people of pensionable age for every 1,000 people of working age - is projected to increase from 280 in mid-2020 to 341 by mid-2045.” DON'T MISSInheritance tax receipts soar again - Britons urged to take action [INSIGHT]‘How will they survive?!’ Pensioners may be £1,000 ‘in the red’ [UPDATE]Virgin Money offers 2.02% interest rate and £100 gift [ANALYSIS] As a result of this data, Ms Morrissey has warned there could be “huge implications” for the state pension. With costs continuing to grow, the DWP will have to balance this against sentiment when it comes to retirement, and people wanting to depart from the workforce. She continued: “While state pension ages have been hiked in recent years in a bid to contain them there are growing concerns that further increases may mean many are forced to work beyond their healthy life expectancy to make ends meet. “These issues are all being considered as part of an ongoing review into state pension age by Baroness Neville-Rolfe and it is not a problem with any kind of easy solution. “The state pension looks set to be put under increased pressure for some time to come.” State pension age increases are “not a question of ‘if’ but ‘when’” according to a think tank. Recent research undertaken by the International Longevity Centre (ILC-UK) suggests the state pension age may even need to rise faster than currently planned. The think tank states the state pension currently costs the Government over £100billion per year, having increased three fold since 2000. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea If state pension increases were linked to improvements in life expectancy, then the state pension age would have to rise by certain amounts at particular times. The ILC stated maintaining the current proportion of the population living up to and beyond pensionable age would mean a rise to 68 by 2032, 69 by 2038 and 70 by 2042. Currently, no firm decisions have been made in relation to changes to the state pension age. The Government’s review is ongoing, and feedback must be published by May 2023. Recently, a DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “The state pension provides the foundation for retirement planning and financial security in older age. “The Government is required by law to regularly review the state pension age. “We recently launched the second state pension age review, which will consider whether the rules around state pension age are appropriate, based on a wide range of evidence including latest life expectancy data, and two independent reports.”