Jeremy Clarkson, 61, has visited some of the world’s most scenic natural landmarks thanks to Top Gear. But the presenter and his motoring programme have purportedly been blamed for the increase in footfall at the Cheddar Gorge in Somerset. Jeremy has defended himself from the accusation, clarifying that he never filmed at the site with Top Gear. He added that he only went there with The Grand Tour, but was not driving around. Jeremy penned in a column for The Sun last month: “Somerset locals are spitting tacks, saying that the picturesque Cheddar Gorge is now filled, round the clock, with boy racers zooming around at high speed in their souped-up cars. “And a local climber called Matt Helliker reckons he knows exactly who’s to blame. “‘I think Jeremy Clarkson and the Top Gear team, who regularly used the gorge to showcase cars, have something to do with the problem,’ he said.” The Clarkson’s Farm star continued: “One slight problem with this argument, though, Matt. “In all of my time on Top Gear, I never once filmed in the gorge. “Four or five years ago, I went with The Grand Tour but only to stand there eating some cheese.” Jeremy has recently given fans a sneak peek behind the scenes of the latest Grand Tour special. The TV star took to Instagram on Wednesday to share a picture of two sports cars. One of the vehicles was coloured yellow and the other blue. Jeremy captioned the post: “Subtly flying the flag on our latest adventure.” DON’T MISS:Julia Bradbury says she's ‘lucky to be alive’ in new health update [NEWS]Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [LATEST]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [INSIGHT] With the colours replicating that of the Ukrainian flag, fans of the journalist soon took to the comments section to voice their support. The post also confirmed that the next special of The Grand Tour was being filmed. Instagram users @shiftknuckle and @mr.imho both enquired: “Norway?” And fellow fan @janofthenorth confirmed: “@mr.imho yep, Henningsvær Norway. Saw them there yesterday,” followed by smile emojis. @anygard98 also added: “They were spotted in Bardufoss. “Guess there's no chance of meeting them. A shame, really.” Jeremy’s Clarkson’s Farm co-star Kaleb Cooper also speculated. He commented: “Yep bring them two cars back for me to add to my collection.”