New research has found that just 16 percent of over-55s are happy for their sons and daughters to take care of them in old age. But there is a "supply and demand chasm" between the number of pensioners who want to live independently and suitable homes available. Not enough are being built, warns a report by retirement housing group Anchor, entitled "Fragmented UK". It says there will be a shortfall of 400,000 specialist homes by 2035. Anchor chief executive Jane Ashcroft said: "Our research shows how important independence and community are to older people. Specialist housing gives people access to both and we've seen demand rising significantly in the past few years. "The Government's commitment to housing for older people is an important step. But as our population ages, supply will continue to struggle to meet demand. "It's imperative barriers to development are addressed, so everyone has the opportunity to live where and how they want." There were four key areas - cited by 2,000 older people surveyed - as crucial in maintaining independence. Making their own decisions was considered very important, as was having control over their financial affairs and living in their own home. Meanwhile, 36 percent of younger people are now considering moving closer to their extended family - citing Covid as the primary reason. Brian Branson, 78, chose to live in a retirement community rather than move in with his daughter. He had lived in Cheshire for 30 years, but when his wife died his daughter invited him to live with her in Twickenham, London. He opted instead for the Hampshire Lakes retirement village in Yateley.   Brian, who has a two-bed flat, said: "As much as I love my daughter, I wanted to remain independent."   He said it has also given him security and company his own age. Brian said he enjoys the close-knit community and helping others.   He said: "I have the nickname 'odd-job' as I have a penchant for DIY. Yateley is a lovely town with lots to get involved in.   "I see my daughter once a week and I'm not far from Heathrow, which makes it convenient to visit my son in Geneva." There are not enough specially trained doctors to look after an increasingly elderly population, leading medics have warned.   With a forecast of 17 million over-65s living in the UK by 2040, the Royal College of Physicians (RCP) said the NHS is "woefully under-prepared" due to a lack of geriatricians.   RCP analysis shows there is just one full-time geriatrician for every 8,031 people over 65 in England. It also found 48 percent of consultant geriatricians are due to retire within the next decade. The RCP has joined more than 100 medical groups calling on the Government to publish regular data on NHS staff numbers. Andrew Goddard, president of the RCP, said: "It scares me to wonder what might happen if I need care when I get older.   "There simply aren't enough doctors to go round."