During their visit to the new Meta offices (formerly known as Facebook), Camilla tried on some glasses that could film everything she looked at. The couple also met with representatives from local community projects supported by Meta. The Duchess of Cornwall wore a navy midi dress featuring a V-neck, long sleeves and a pleated skirt. Camilla combined the elegant gown with a pair of black pumps. For jewellery, the royal donned a unique gold necklace, some of her favourite gold bracelets and a pair of drop pearl earrings. The Duchess styled her hair in her signature platinum blow-dry and kept her make-up subtle for the casual engagement. READ MORE: Aldi Specialbuys: The ‘secret sale’ for sold out items However, this is not the first time the Duchess wears the midi gown as she chose it for the opening of the new Royal Academy of Dance headquarters in London earlier this month. A royal fan, @bykriiistiiieee took to Twitter saying: “Such a lovely engagement! Our Duchess is such a sweet, little elegant silver swan.” During today's visit, the royal couple tried out the new virtual reality headsets before a digital plaque unveiling at the company’s eco-friendly offices.  Charles and Camilla enjoyed an hour-long tour of the technological innovations which have been built by Meta. The Duchess seemed to enjoy trying out a pair of Ray-Ban smart glasses which allow users to take photos, videos, listen to music or take phone calls. She said while looking at Prince Charles: “I can hear what you are saying.” The couple also learned about the work Meta is doing to support the Ukraine conflict. Currently, hundreds of Facebook Groups are being used to help Ukrainian refugees by providing humanitarian aid like accommodation or medical aid, according to Meta. The Duchess of Cornwall was last seen at Prince Philip's memorial earlier this week. Camilla wore a green dress with black decorative stripes which she combined with a matching green hat. The silver Bugle Horn was the brooch the royal chose for the occasion. Camilla, Princess Anne, Queen Letizia of Spain and Queen Elizabeth herself opted for green outfits. The green colour was a nod to Prince Philip's military service in the Royal Navy. Prince Philip's livery colour was Edinburgh Green. The Royal Family's website states: "The Duke of Edinburgh's official livery colour is dark green, known as 'Edinburgh Green'. It has been used for staff liveries - the Duke of Edinburgh's page at the Coronation wore dark green and silver - and private cars."