Linda Robson has credited her celebrity pals with helping her recover from her alcohol and OCD battle. However, rumours have run riot that there is animosity between herself and the other stars from the ITV show, which have "exasperated" Linda. "Just because [Loose Women is] a women's show people always ask 'Do we get on?'," she exclaimed to The Mirror. "They wouldn't ask that of a man about a men's show would they? We all meet up with each other all the time." She also broke silence on claims that she and her Birds Of A Feather co-star Pauline Quirke have grown apart. She explained that they have some differences, purely in terms of TV ambitions, rather than having lost their friendship. Responding to claims that the pair had "fallen out", she replied: "She just doesn't want to act anymore. She's had enough - it's long hours. READ NOW: BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint "She's concentrating on her drama academies. She's very hands on, going to classes and all that." She added that the lockdown placed a strain on the pair's ability to see each other, although they have been able to meet up since. After winning Celebrity Coach Trip last year, she and Lesley Joseph have built up a close comradeship. She added jokingly: "During the lockdowns I would leave funny things on her doorstep, like Tena Lady and hair dye! "But when I was ill, both Pauline and Lesley rang me, or a member of my family, every couple of days to see how I was." Meanwhile, Linda claims that Janet Street Porter is a "pussycat" and a "loving, caring woman". Another Loose Women co-star, Brenda Edwards, who struggled emotionally with the sudden death of her musical entrepreneur son Jamal Edwards last month, is also friendly with Linda. In fact, Jamal - who founded the successful YouTube channel SB.TV and was one of those responsible for launching Ed Sheeran's career - also oversaw the rise of Linda's son Louis Dunford. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top [PHOTOS] Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [UPDATE] "My son wouldn't be in the music industry if it wasn't for Jamal," Linda insisted. "He mentored him, took him to The BRITs. He was the loveliest boy. "I went to see Brenda. I don't think she really knows what's hit her yet. They're a really tight-knit family. "We just want her to know we all love her and are there for her." Meanwhile, Linda had a near miss with bereavement herself, after her son almost died at the age of 16. She heard the horrifying news that Louis was cradling his best friend Ben - the brother of EastEnders' Brooke Kinsella - in his arms after he was stabbed by a passerby outside a party back in 2008. A shaken up Linda had reflected on how the unprovoked attack could so easily have happened to her own son - and around the tenth anniversary of the death, after suffering a reaction to an anti-depressant, she spiralled into an OCD "meltdown". The episode saw Linda washing her bedding daily and bathing four times a day, while also struggling with alcohol abuse issues. Her family initially thought she was "just really clean" but ultimately, she spiralled to the point of requiring almost a year off from Loose Women. Now, however, she insists jubilantly: "I feel like I'm back to the woman I was before all of it."