Having somehow in my decrepitude reached the safety of the West, I have concluded that I would be going nowhere fast because I am stranded on an alien technological shore that takes no account of age, expertise or resources. As millions flooded West the refugees were offered an app - whatever that is - on their mobile phone to process their passage and prove their identity - as if people running for their lives would delve into their papers for birth or marriage certificates. Otherwise, those seeking to join family or friends here were advised to go to towns miles away to offices for which no address was given. I can understand the need for vetting, given the possibility that Vladimir Putin’s supporters might be trying to reach the West. But the initial concern to push refugees through hoops contrasted starkly with the thousands of young economic migrants reaching our shores without a paper to their name, some of them possibly Islamic militants up to no good. All this made me wonder what has happened to the Civil Service of which I was a member for 24 years. Doesn’t it care what it looks like - a common complaint against the Johnson Government - or its reputation? What has happened to those oiled wheels on which is so famously used to run? It was not a very good start and things clearly needed to improve rapidly or Home Secretary, Priti Patel, was in danger of receiving her marching orders. She has spent too much time promising the earth and delivering little, notably on cross-Channel migration. All, it seems, is not lost for the aged technological duffer like me since we can be taken in by British families, whether they know us not. But as yet it is a mere promise of improvement. Only time will tell whether the generosity of the British will be assisted or hampered in taking in the uprooted. We not only have to make sure that Putin does not get his wicked way in the Ukraine and Eastern Europe’s free nations; we must also show that we are a positive force for good in picking up the pieces for displaced Ukrainians. I would be more confident of doing so if I thought the Government machine was up to its job. There has always been a certain arrogance about some in the public sector. Take, for example, the day I discovered at the old Prices and Incomes Board that half my four staff needed that weekend to issue four reports at the behest of No 10 were going on sick leave. They freely admitted they were not ill but entitled to the privilege - and nothing was going to stop them enjoying it. There is also the perennial problem of the interpretation of processes and rules. For some the letter seems to matter more than the spirit of the scheme or law. This is inevitable when the media screams its head off at mistakes and failures. In short, being a bureaucrat is not easy. But latterly the system has been losing its reputation at an alarming rate. This may be because it is less attractive to the brightest brains after the pay restraint of the last 10 years, with more to come. It has not been helped by the pandemic, even though the UK, thanks to vaccination, has led the world in winding down restrictions. The waste over testing and tracing and ordering of personal protection equipment has been on a scale usually encountered with defence contracts and projects such as the HS12 rail link. But working from home (while No 10 was partying) during the pandemic has not helped. We pay Civil Servants to provide a service. Yet that service has been seriously deficient in processing vehicle excise duty and driving licences as well as such thing as the award of power of attorney. On top of all this came news on the very day Putin invaded Ukraine that the security services were so concentrating on their job that they felt moved to issue due warning to the staff about language that could conceivably be interpreted as racist or gender offensive. “Inclusivity”. as distinct from national security, seemed to be their preoccupation. None of this is doing democracy much good when the national priority should be the recovery from the ravages of covid and defence of the realm. It is not just our governing politicians but also our bureaucrats who need to smarten themselves up. The world is watching how we re-settle the fugitives from the Ukraine hell-hole. Let's for the sake of our democracy make a real success of it after a distinctly unpromising start.