Gordon Ramsay has risked reigniting a bitter feud with his neighbours in Cornwall who originally slammed him for retreating to his £4million house in the area during the first lockdown. The celebrity chef, 55, recently claimed he “took so much s***” from locals when he and his brood travelled to the coast and stayed in a property they own. Speaking to The Radio Times, Gordon said: “God knows why we took so much s*** from the Cornish. “We lived down there; we just hadn’t been down there for a long time. We didn’t sneak down there at all. We got there at an appropriate time, and had an absolutely amazing time. “And a time like that – we’ll never get back again. When the kids started disappearing again, I didn’t want it to end – as a dad, not a chef.” Gordon, his wife Tana and three of their five children - Jack, 21, Matilda, 18, and Oscar, one, all travelled to one of their three homes in Cornwall back in 2020. He also went on a 60-mile bike ride around Cornwall and snapped pictures that revealed he was far from staying indoors. This angered some locals, who claimed they were putting elderly and vulnerable people in the area at risk. One told MirrorOnline: "There are a lot of elderly people down here - it's an elderly population, the average age is 65 to 85, with a lot of people living alone. "It's a scary time. I think it's up to celebrities to set a good example, not run off to their country homes." Another neighbour posted a furious update in a local Facebook group, writing: "Don’t you realise that by doing that you’ve possibly brought the virus with you and because Cornwall is not your main residence, if you and your family get sick you will place yet more strain on an already fragile infrastructure. "I’m reporting you to the police. What you’ve done is against the law and I hope they force you back to London." In response, a friend of the Ramsay clan told MailOnline: “The family see Cornwall as their family home when the kids are back from uni and Gordon back from filming around the world it's where they spend all their family time. “They've been spending time there for 10 years and Jack actually lives in the house there full time too. Most of their neighbours are so welcoming and they love being part of the community. DON'T MISSDan Walker questioned over former BBC Breakfast co-star snub[LATEST]Chris Evans details 'bump in the road' as he shares family rule[INSIGHT]Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma[NEWS]  “The campaign against them is hurtful and unnecessary at a time when we should all be coming together and supporting each other.” By the third lockdown, Gordon made a jab at those who had criticised him. Asked what he was most looking forward to about restrictions coming to an end, he quipped: “Getting back to see my f*****g neighbours in Cornwall.” He added: "Having a chance to spend that time with the family is unprecedented. We were very fortunate, having all seven of us together. “What we're missing now is Jack, who is off being a Royal Marine commando." Not all of Gordon’s neighbours were as unwelcoming - one even left a bunch of asparagus on his doorstep as a gift. “Now what a lovely, beautiful, generous little gift," he said, documenting the moment on Instagram. “‘A little gift from the fields across your house,’” he read, looking at the accompanying note. "C’mon, seriously, that’s literally growing in the back of my garden! Now that’s what I call love thy neighbour, see? That’s how you look after each other across these difficult times." But he couldn’t help but take a swipe at the complainers adding: "I’m sure one local will whinge about the asparagus. God bless you." 