NCIS is one of the most popular primetime dramas in the United States, with an all-star cast forming the team of skilled agents. Katrina Law joined the CBS series for a guest role in season 18, and her character Agent Jessica Knight has since become a valuable member of the task force. Express.co.uk has everything you need to know about her life as a wife and mother outside of her role as a special agent. Who is NCIS star Katrina Law married to? Katrina married her husband Keith Andreen in January, 2013. Keith is an actor himself, having starred in The Surrogate, Snow Bride and the television shows Sam & Cat and The Resistance. The couple first met when they were shooting a film together in 2009. They then dated for three years until they married at a small ceremony in 2013 attended by close friends and family. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5: Kayce Dutton to die after Luke Grimes clue? Katrina’s husband is also a camera operator and director, having worked on the 2018 miniseries Caught. Their first daughter was born in 2018, back when Katrina was best known for her role as Nyssa al Ghul in the CW’s DC drama, Arrow. In an Instagram post, she announced: “So very happy to introduce you to Kinley. “Seven pounds of baby perfection. Mama and Papa are doing well!” “Thanks for all the love and support during this pregnancy and to everyone who reached out to check in on us! I am already so in love with this bundle of squirming joy!!!” Keith enjoys photography as one of his main hobbies, and frequently posts his latest work on his Instagram page, along with plenty of snaps of Katrina. In his latest post from January this year, he wrote: “Somewhere in Montreal - haven’t posted in a while. Found this one laying around. “I’ve been too busy working and not busy enough on social media. I will try to fix that.” DON'T MISS:Ben Shephard exposes Shapps’ blunder over petrol prices [VIDEO]Big Sky title card: ABC drama pays tribute to David Suapaia [LATEST]The Gilded Age dealt major boost ahead of season 2 [INSIGHT] The picture featured a pose from Katrina, leaning against a blue and green building in Montréal, Québec. Katrina has also confirmed Keith has played a valuable role in her own acting career. She confirmed: “My husband has been my acting coach since 2009. 2009 is when I started really booking everything.” In an interview with Pop Culturalist, Katrina opened up about her husband’s techniques as her coach. She explained: “He’s been really great at being able to say, “You’re doing one of your tricks” or “I can see you’re phoning it in.” He’s been great because he knows me personally.” The NCIS star also said both her husband and manager, Joel Stevens, are two of the biggest influences over her career so far. In addition to the CBS primetime drama, Katrina is also well-known for her roles in Hawaii Five-0, The Oath and Training Day. NCIS season 19 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.