Supermarkets have announced they will be lowering their petrol prices to tackle the rising costs after Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak announced he would be cutting fuel duty by 5p. Discussing the plans on Friday, Grant Shapps was forced to backtrack on a key issue with the plans when he spoke to Ben Shephard on Good Morning Britain. ITV presenter Shephard pointed out the decision to lower fuel costs was still at the discretion of the petrol stations themselves. Shapps was explaining: “The price of petrol at £1.60, £1.70 is really hitting people hard. “Yesterday we saw Rishi Sunak, the Chancellor, come forward with that 5p off petrol immediately…” However, Shephard interjected and quickly corrected the MP: “But that comes down to the petrol stations! READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5: Kayce Dutton to die after Luke Grimes clue? “What you know, Mr Shapps, is the petrol stations don’t necessarily have to pass that 5p on. That’s up to their discretion, isn’t it?” The Secretary stammered as he quickly backtracked: “Ah… ah, you know what? Yeah, you’re absolutely right.” Shapps then confirmed he will be speaking to retailers to ensure the cuts are being made. He also urged viewers to do the same thing the next time they fill up their vehicles. “And it’s so important that they do,” Shapps continued. “I will be speaking to… in fact, I was with BP yesterday. “I will be speaking to the petrol retailers and asking them to make sure they pass it on.” Ben’s co-presenter Charlotte Hawkins urged: “Will you make sure they do?” However, the Secretary would not confirm any legal action to ensure the cuts are made, instead encouraging drivers to take the fight to the petrol station themselves. DON'T MISS:Big Sky title card: ABC drama pays tribute to David Suapaia [LATEST]The Gilded Age dealt major boost ahead of season 2 [NEWS]The Conners delayed: ABC show off-air during season 5 uncertainty [UPDATE] Shapps continued: “But I will now request that your viewers [do], as well. Viewers know, you see big differentials, particularly between the supermarkets. “Please help us put pressure on them by shopping around, as well. And not paying those higher prices. “Particularly where they fail to pass on this 5p cut. So we’ll be watching very, very carefully, and viewers can help, essentially.” So far, Asda, Sainsbury's and BP have all lowered their fuel costs by 6p to match Sunak’s cut announced this week. Morrison’s also confirmed it would be cutting the price down by 5p from Thursday evening. Drivers have been paying record prices for fuel after the Russian invasion of Ukraine due to fears over oil supply. Thankfully, suppliers have eased some of the strain with this week’s cuts, and Sunak’s announcement is hoped to pile pressure on other retailers to follow suit in the coming days. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.