EU's foreign policy chief Josep Borrell said on Friday that the European Commission aims to double the EU's military aid to Ukraine and has proposed earmarking another 500 million euros (£400million) for this purpose. He said: "Everybody was completely aware that we have to increase our military support to Ukraine. "I am sure the leaders will approve this money." At the end of a summit in Versailles, European Council President Charles Michel also confirmed the proposal had been discussed with EU leaders. Mr Borrell added: “I proposed this to the leaders. And the European Peace Facility will double its support with an additional €500 [million] more." He added that it was "not at all" difficult to convince leaders to back the idea.   But both German Chancellor Olaf Scholz and Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte denied such a figure had been proposed or discussed during the summit. Members of the Political and Security Committee will meet this week to consider the proposal. The chaotic response from the bloc comes as the EU is planning to sign off a new package of sanctions against Russia today. The bloc will suspend Moscow's privileged trade and economic treatment, crack down on its use of crypto-assets and ban exports to Russia of EU luxury goods and import of iron and steel goods. The new measures amount to a fourth set of sanctions against Russia over its invasion last month of Ukraine, coordinated with the United States and other G7 allies. Along with other western allies including the United States, the bloc will revoke Russia's "most-favoured nation" trade status. This would open the door to the bloc banning or imposing punitive tariffs on Russian goods and putting Russia on a par with North Korea or Iran. READ MORE: Ukraine war: Drone carrying bomb crashes into Croatian capital  As a first step, the EU will prohibit imports of iron and steel sector goods. EU Commission President Ursula Von der Leyen said in a statement that Russia's membership rights of leading multilateral institutions, such as the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, would be suspended. She said: "Russia cannot grossly violate international law and at the same time expect to benefit from the privileges of being part of the international economic order." G7 allies will seek this week to coordinate targeting of Putin's "cronies" and will strive to ensure Russia and its elites cannot use crypto-assets to circumvent sanctions. Mr Borrell added later that he was putting forward proposals for the blacklisting of more Russian oligarchs, businessmen and companies. The EU has already hit dozens with travel bans and asset freezes. DON'T MISS:Infighting in the Kremlin shows Putin 'losing touch with reality' [VIDEO]Ukraine-Russia war: Putin’s missile strike brings war to NATO [ANALYSIS]Brexit: Truss ‘100 percent prepared’ to trigger Article 16 [INSIGHT] New sanctions would hit people active in the steel industry, he said, and others who provide financial services, military products and technology to the Russian state. "With these sanctions, we will continue going after the oligarchs, the regime-affiliated elites, their families and prominent business people, which are involved in economic sectors providing a substantial source of revenue to the regime," Borrell said without clarifying when the new listings could be adopted. EU officials declined to comment on whether the owner of the Chelsea football club, Roman Abramovich, was among the people who could be listed. Britain froze his assets on Thursday. The European Union specifically will ban exports to Russia of EU luxury goods, designed as a blow to Russia's elites. Finally, the bloc will ban new European investments in Russia's energy sector.