Reports in France claim Archaf Hakimi desperately wants out at PSG and tensions over his future have escalated to the point where the club's South American players no longer talk to him. The wild claims have emerged less than a year after the Moroccan international moved to the Parc des Princes in a £50million switch from Serie A champions Inter Milan last July. At just 23, Hakimi has already won trophies in Spain, Germany and Italy while he has also been capped 46 times by his country. The exciting, marauding full-back was sold by Inter after just one season at the club to help aid the board's financial struggles. But now it looks as though he's already pushing to get out of PSG, who could be set for a major shakeup this summer if Mauricio Pochettino is relieved of his duties. According to French journalist Daniel Riolo, the defender is already actively pushing for a move away.  READ MORE: Barcelona 'open bidding' for Raphinha as Leeds receive first offer for Liverpool target It's claimed the club's South American contingent barely speaks to Hakimi, who has struggled to settle in the French capital. "Hakimi is freaking out. So much so that the South Americans no longer speak to him. He wants to get out," Riolo told RMC Sport. It's not the only concerning development at PSG reported by Riolo in recent days. Incredibly, he also claims Neymar turns up 'almost drunk' to training most days, citing the crazy off-field challenges any PSG manager is tasked with in their quest to deliver the only prize to elude them: the Champions League. DON'T MISSLiverpool 'exploring Raphinha transfer' despite signing Luis Diaz due to Leeds clauseBarcelona humiliate Real Madrid to prove they're back as Aubameyang fires doubleTottenham and Arsenal 'to knock on Galatasaray's door' for Turkish star Kerem Akturkoglu Should Hakimi be handed the green light to leave PSG - something that could ultimately hinge on any new manager - he is unlikely to be short of suitors. A return to Real Madrid could potentially be on the cards with Los Blancos looking to sign an upgrade on Dani Carvajal. Chelsea were also interested in Hakimi last summer before PSG stole a march on the Blues, quickly getting a deal over the line. Thomas Tuchel's 3-4-3 system would make him the perfect fit at Stamford Bridge given that Hakimi favours a wing-back role. He is said to feel frustrated with the lack of defensive structure at PSG this season under Pochettino. The Argentine has occasionally operated with a back-three, handing Hakimi the license to get forward but injury problems have seen PSG constantly change up their selections. Hakimi recently paid tribute to his former coach Antonio Conte, who helped him improve the defensive side of his game during his time at the San Siro. He said: “With Conte I learned a lot, especially in the defensive phase. I already knew that I could do well in attack.”