Satellite imagery shows the Russian army appearing to retreat out of Kherson, a city in the heavily besieged south of Ukraine. Western intelligence said that defensive forces are “more on the offensive now” as the invading army stalls. Putin’s invasion has not gone as he originally planned, as intelligence chiefs believe the Russian President expected a swift takeover of the Donbas followed by victorious retreat. Hopes that Russian forces would control Kyiv in a matter of days have faded as the conflict reaches the one-month mark today (Thursday, March 24). Reports of disorganisation and miscommunication within the invading military that have emerged suggest the advance has splintered. Conscripts have also come up against a hostile civilian population, which has been shown attacking incoming convoys. As estimates put the number of Russian losses at around 10,000, Putin has reportedly been forced to send old reservists and young recruits into the conflict. READ MORE: Putin humiliation: Russian paratroopers caught on camera looting VIDEO A video posted online on Sunday, March 20, appeared to show Russian military trucks pulling helicopters through a town 25 miles from Kherson. It followed satellite images last week, which showed thick black smoke billowing from Kherson airport, which had been occupied by the Russians, in an apparent Ukrainian counterstrike. The office of the Ukrainian President, Volodymyr Zelensky, said on Tuesday, March 22, that fighting had continued at the airport, which had been hit by a “powerful blast”. New images of the airfield, taken on Monday, March 21, show it to be empty of helicopters. According to the Telegraph, Russian leadership had ordered the helicopters on the airfield to be withdrawn from the frontline. The imagery may help to understand why Russian helicopters were seen being towed away, but intelligence chiefs believe it may be a small sign that the tide is turning in the invasion. Kherson fell to Russian forces on March 2, after the city’s mayor surrendered for the sake of residents’ lives, and remains the only major city Russian forces have been able to seize. However, Western intelligence now suggests that the Russian military may be loosening its grip in the face of counter-attacks. DON'T MISSDoomsday plane flies over English Channel [INSIGHT]Man hurls petrol bomb at Putin's home– angry Russian uprising erupts [REPORT]Putin 'clearing his conscience' after cancer diagnosis claims [REVEAL] On Tuesday, Pentagon spokesperson John Kirby said: “We have seen indications that the Ukrainians are going a bit more on the offensive now.” He added that this was particularly true in southern regions of Ukraine, including the battlefront near Kherson. Meanwhile, Frederick Kagan, director of the Critical Threats project, told the New York Times that the Ukrainian attack on the airfield “itself shows the vulnerability of the position”. He speculated that the Russian military leadership may have decided it was “unwise to keep expensive aircraft parked there”. Ukrainian forces in the region have been displaying their high morale on camera. A CNN crew followed Ukrainian troops as they forced a village between Kherson and Mykolaiv out of Russian hands. During the coverage, Daniyel Salim, a Ukrainian marine, turned to the camera and said: “Now we have a little mission: to kill the motherf******s.” Despite the apparent setbacks in the region, the occupying Russian forces are reportedly still pushing a regime change on the people. Ukrainian officials within the city have said that the Russian authority was pushing for shops to accept the rouble from next month.