Pierre Gasly admits he could be open to leaving Red Bull if he is offered a seat at a rival team. The Frenchman is contracted to the Milton Keynes-based constructor until 2023 but is currently racing for their sister team Alpha Tauri. Gasly made his F1 Red Bull debut in 2017 and was named as a driver for Toro Rosso, as Alpha Tauri were then known as, a year later. The 26-year-old was given a shot at the big time with Red Bull at the start of the 2019 season but was overshadowed by Max Verstappen. And Gasly lasted only a few months before being sent back to his current team as Alex Albon replaced him. But the ace has impressed with Alpha Tauri and racked-up 110 points last season as he finished in the top 10 on 15 occasions. He also secured a place on the podium in Azerbaijan as he finished behind Sergio Perez and Sebastian Vettel. JUST IN: Nikita Mazepin shown sympathy by Schumacher as Haas F1 driver binned over Ukraine invasion  Galsy admits he wants another crack at driving for Red Bull. But if the opportunities aren’t forthcoming, he could end up racing for one of the team’s competitors. And he hasn’t ruled out a move to Mercedes. “We’ll see how it goes this year,” Gasly said ahead of the new season, which is due to get underway in Bahrain later this month. “I have two years left on my contract if we decide to go all the way. DON'T MISS:Damon Hill hints Max Verstappen has F1 advantage that is out of Lewis Hamilton's controlToto Wolff stokes the flames over Max Verstappen incident as Jenson Button places blameLewis Hamilton given taste of his own medicine by Max Verstappen claims old foe Rosberg  “For this year of course it’s at Alpha Tauri - so by itself there’s only 2023 left as a potential year with Red Bull. “This is something that will have to be discussed. “The first conversations will be with Red Bull and we’ll see where it takes us, if the desire is common. “And if it is not, we will have to see what the opportunities are in the future.   “I’m not in F1 to be satisfied with top 10 or top 5. Victories, poles, championships are the only reason I work so hard in F1. And for that, you need the car.” Hamilton’s F1 future had appeared in doubt over the winter after he went to ground following a controversial end the 2021 season. The Briton had looked certain to land a record eighth championship but was denied glory after Verstappen was allowed to pull level with him for a one-lap shootout following a safety car break late into the season-decider in Abu Dhabi. And the Dutchman ultimately stormed to victory. But Hamilton will line-up for the Silver Arrows once again this season alongside new team-mate George Russell. 