Manchester United hero Gary Neville has publicly disagreed with supporters who want the club to appoint Erik ten Hag as their next permanent manager this summer. Despite Ten Hag's popularity, Neville wants Mauricio Pochettino's long-standing links to Old Trafford to come to fruition. United stepped up their manager hunt this week and have started interviewing candidates from a shortlist, including Ten Hag, Pochettino, Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui. The first of such took place on Monday, where Ten Hag is thought to have impressed club figures with his vision and English. The meeting comes alongside several reports claiming the Dutchman is now United's preferred choice ahead of their appointment. But a final decision is yet to be made, and Pochettino is firmly still in the frame amid suggestions all isn't well at Paris Saint-Germain following their latest Champions League collapse. JUST IN: Man Utd and Tottenham warned about 'big cry baby' Paulo Dybala Neville took to Twitter to ask who United fans would prefer to enter the hot seat this summer. He tweeted: "Reports Ten Hag has been interviewed this week. If formal interviews have started and with it being such a public process, I would expect a new manager announcement within a week or so. Who do United fans want?" As of this writing, the former right-back's poll has received over 185,000 votes, with a staggering 81 per cent of fans hoping to see Ten Hag in the dugout next season over Pochettino. After crunching numbers, it works out as over 150,000 voters preferring the Ajax boss - a blatant indicator of what the fans want. However, whilst Neville later acknowledged that Ten Hag is the clear favourite amongst the fanbase, he shared his support for Pochettino. "Personally, I would go for Pochettino," Neville explained. "But Ten Hag is the massive favourite of United fans to take the club forward. That's if it is a clear choice between the two." READ MORE: Saliba casts doubt on Arsenal future as he hints at Marseille stay With United out of action until next weekend due to the international break, it seems like a prime opportunity to get the club's next manager in place well in advance of their July 1 start date. And with interviews underway, there is growing optimism the club will reveal the successful candidate this month. But whilst Ten Hag is the overwhelming favourite amongst the Red Devils faithful, Neville isn't alone in his desire for Pochettino. There will be individuals at the club who also deem him a better fit, and his chances of taking up the role will likely become more apparent once his interview has been conducted. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.