Chelsea could just "fizzle away" and their days of competing for major honours may be over. That is the painful admission of Chelsea fan and former Arsenal star Paul Merson. The future of the Stamford Bridge club is in doubt following the sanctions applied on owner Roman Abramovich by the UK Government this week. Chelsea had their bank accounts frozen on Friday. That added to the restrictions already placed on them by the Government. Abramovich put the club up for sale earlier this month but the sale has been halted temporarily due to this week's events. Merson, who has supported Chelsea since childhood, spoke emotionally on Soccer Saturday this weekend. Presenter Jeff Stelling asked if the glory days for the Blues are now behind them. JUST IN: Bruno Fernandes absence explained as Man Utd star left out of squad vs Tottenham  Stelling said: "Whoever takes it over, are their days of being up there with the Manchester Citys of this world, competing for the big titles in world football, are those days potentially over?" Merson admitted that could well be the case and is worried that the new owner won't have the club's best interests at heart. "Could be, could be," he replied. "You're talking about £3billionn this club costing. That's the price I've seen, £3bn. DON'T MISSArsenal could axe 13 players this summer as Mikel Arteta finalises Emirates clear-out [OPINION]Lionel Messi and Neymar break Pochettino's golden rule he installed at Tottenham [REPORT]Thomas Tuchel makes decision on leaving Chelsea as Man Utd show interest [REPORT]  "I don't know how high this club can go, they've won everything in the game. "Whoever buys this club will have to love Chelsea Football Club like Abramovich did. Because if they don't, then it's just going to fizzle away, it is. "You're talking that one of the people who wants to buy it is a big Chelsea fan - that's Chelsea's biggest hope. "I don't see anybody coming into this club again and spending that kind of money. "I worry for Chelsea now that when you've seen such riches, you can't live with being poor. That's the way it is. Chelsea have been up here [top]."  Merson remembers previous dark times for Chelsea and is worried the club will return to them under new ownership. He added: "When I started supporting them as a five or six year old, we were rotten. We weren't very good. Unless you're 25 years of age you've never seen that before. "I look at it now and I'm worried for Chelsea, I am worried. "They're a top team and a top club. He has put a lot of money into this club. I don't see anybody doing that. "If you're paying £3bn for it, I don't know where the money is going to come from to keep on doing that." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 