While both the government and the opposition made the usual calls for more wind farms (old habit die hard), nuclear and what Boris euphemistically called “transitional hydrocarbons” provided the bass note to the proceedings. Putin’s war of aggression against a European Sovereign state and the extreme dependency of central European states on Russian oil, gas and coal has acted as an alarm bell to those who forgot that without a steady supply of energy, nothing in a modern economy functions. Of course, Energy as a topic of both geostrategic importance and national survival never truly left. It is just that energy provision in a globalised world was taken for granted and as such nuclear, oil, gas and coal became the ugly, unfashionable siblings in a sector keen to compete for attention against cooler sectors such as Big Tech and Big Pharma. As a result, trillions of pounds of investment flows have been diverted away from these most important segments of the “energy mix” towards ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance) Renewables, in spite of their known and crucial weaknesses. Backed by a Quixotic pitch, a Millenarian worldview and an adept decade-long PR campaign, Wind and Solar took the high fashion stage to bask in the adulation of big institutional money. The new Energy beauty queens promised a great deal. The future would be: Sustainable, cheap, renewable, clean, and permanent. In the short term, energy costs might have had to go up, but, for the Proles, there would be jam tomorrow. As is often the case, however, the promise was too extravagant; the means of delivery too constrained. The vision it turned out was a dangerous chimera. Putin woke us from our complacency. Every very dark cloud has a silver lining. Suddenly, our politicians stirred.  Facts are making a comeback: Inflation is ingrained; living standards challenged; energy prices soaring; food security questioned; and our survival in the balance. Worse still, the West is feeding the Bear. As the German (Green) Business Minister said last week, Germany is “strictly against an import ban on oil, gas or coal from Russia”. He added "I would even oppose it because we would endanger social peace in the republic”. In other words, for the purposes of Germany’s industrial survival and internal social peace, Germany is with Russia. German Greens, who for decades worked tireless to disinvest the hydrocarbon sector ditched their core anti-fossil fuel dogma. Hello Big King Coal, they now proclaim. What does it say about a Religion when, at the first sign of trouble, core beliefs are thrown overboard? All this is, in the main, down to policy, whether monetary, energy or financial. And on all of these, our leaders, and us through them, have made the wrong policy calls over decades. The core reason is hubris. The West, they thought, can afford the extra costs: The West is rich and righteous. It was axiomatic, to their minds, that we would show the way and others would follow. They didn’t and they won’t.  That illusion can no longer be maintained. Ironically, the United Kingdom has the resources to be, and this for a long time to come, a great Energy producer, provider and exporter. Wind Energy would of course have its space but our leadership must make use of all the resources that have serendipitously been granted to us. Excitingly, the United Kingdom, as the United States, have available to them the whole energy mix - Clean, Hydrocarbon and Nuclear. The only thing that stops us is our very own attitude. No more, no less. There was never a need to have an exclusionary Energy policy. That is to say, backing, often at subsidised prices, one inefficient and irregular source of fashionable energy against an efficient and reliable one. The consequences of having arbitrarily backed one type over the other are not just inflationary price rises, falls in living standards and potential blackouts, it is much more severe. We are witnessing real time the break-up of Western Europe along Energy requirement lines. As we noted earlier, Germany is, to all intents and purposes, siding with Russia to keep its industry alive and social unrest down. The EUR100 billion military spending pledge made by Olaf Scholz, Germany’s chancellor, a few weeks ago will not be used to arm Germany but to subsidise German manufacturing.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Further away, China has made its views clear last Monday. Wang Yi, China’s Foreign Minister called the Russian-China axis “one of the most crucial bilateral relationships in the world". Russia’s invasion of Ukraine could perhaps have triggered the end of the post-WWII settlement, American hegemony and the Dollar based economic system. If this is the case, our elites will have been responsible for throwing away all the hard won advantages the Western world gained over the course of millennia in two short decades. Nothing is permanent, however, and Energy-wise, the United Kingdom has a great deal of capacity to turn this around - if only we had the will. Let us hope that Boris’ “Energy Independence Plan” is the beginning of The Great Awakening. 