 Nearly eight years after the failed independence campaign, the First Minister of Scotland, Nicola Sturgeon, plans to stage another referendum. She has said that steps will be taken to facilitate another vote before the end of 2023. Her push for independence was set back by the COVID-19 pandemic, but she is now determined to "give people in Scotland the choice over our future".  In the event of a referendum, the Scottish National Party’s (SNP) policy states that the monarchy would retain its position. However, many members have stated their desire for an elected head of state over the monarchy. SNP Westminster leader Ian Blackford has rebuked claims that there would be a referendum held on whether Scotland would retain the monarchy. While talking to the PA news agency, Mr Blackford said: “The Queen will remain head of state in an independent Scotland.”  The Queen’s love for Scotland is well-known — some of her happiest times were spent in Balmoral on her annual summer holiday.  JUST IN: Queen 'will remain' head of state after Scottish independence, Ian Blackford says  Last year, at the sixth session of the Scottish Parliament at Holyrood, she said: “I have spoken before of my deep and abiding affection for this wonderful country and of the many happy memories Prince Philip and I always held of our time here. "It is often said that it is the people that make a place and there are few places where this is truer than it is in Scotland, as we have seen in recent times." Her Majesty also spoke out during the 2014 Scottish independence referendum. In a rare statement, the Queen told Crathie Kirk, a well-wisher outside a church near Balmoral, that she hoped the Scottish people would “think very carefully about the future”. Supporters of the union welcomed the Queen’s comment as a reminder of patriotism, but Yes campaigners furiously argued that the monarch should remain above the political fray. David Cameron, who was campaigning for the union to stay together, later admitted that he asked the Queen to intervene.  In 2019, the former Prime Minister reflected on his premiership in a two-part BBC documentary entitled ‘The Cameron Years’. He revealed that he suggested “a raising of the eyebrow” in support of the Better Together campaign. Mr Cameron sought the monarch's help after he was panicked by a poll that suggested a lead for the Yes campaign. He said: "I remember conversations I had with my private secretary and he had with the Queen's private secretary and I had with the Queen's private secretary, not asking for anything that would be in any way improper or unconstitutional, but just a raising of the eyebrow, even, you know, a quarter of an inch, we thought would make a difference." While he insisted he was not suggesting anything "improper" or "unconstitutional", Mr Cameron said that Her Majesty’s “limited” words “helped to put a slightly different perception on things."  In the end, Scotland voted to remain part of the UK by 55 percent to 45 percent. DON’T MISSQueen leaves Buckingham Palace for good! Monarch in major move driven by 'Philip memories' [LATEST]Camilla was ‘terrified no one would come’ to her wedding to Prince Charles [INSIGHT]Palace 'utterly bizarre' for not replacing Harry and Andrew as Counsellors of State [ANALYSIS]  At First Minister's Questions in Holyrood, following Mr Cameron’s revelations, Nicola Sturgeon was asked whether she had concerns about the Queen being asked to interfere in a second independence referendum. She responded: "I think the revelations ‒ if I can call them that ‒ from David Cameron today say more about him than they do about anybody else, and really demonstrate the panic that was in the heart of the UK Government in the run-up to the independence referendum five years ago." Having recently recovered from a bout of Covid, the Queen has decided to make Windsor Castle her permanent home and will be opting for more of a ‘work from home' approach to engagements. Her Majesty’s schedule has been dramatically reduced since a health scare in October which kept the monarch in hospital for an overnight stay.  The Queen’s next planned engagement outside of Windsor Castle is the Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey on March 14. She is also expected to attend a service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip on March 29, where she’ll be joined by other members of the Royal Family. The Commonwealth Day service next week will be Her Majesty’s first official event away from a royal residence in five months.