Lorraine Kelly, 62, has taken to Twitter to share her support for Chris Kamara, 64, who has been diagnosed with a speech disorder. In the tweet, which she posted on Sunday, the television host wished Chris well and said he was “very precious”. She said: “Sending you so much love you gorgeous man. “Take care of yourself - you are very very precious to us all.” This came after Chris Kamara posted the day before. The ex-footballer said, in view of his 1.8 million followers: “Just wanted to let a few of you know who tweeted me today that I am ok-ish. READ MORE: 'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star “Alongside my thyroid problem I have developed apraxia of speech & have been working to get my speech back to normal.” Chris was honest about how the disorder has affected him. He added: “Some days it can be a little slow and some days it’s normal. Hopefully I can beat this!” Chris, who was diagnosed with a thyroid condition last year, took to Twitter to share a health update after his slurred speech on Soccer Saturday over the weekend concerned fans. The sports pundit tweeted about a development with his health. Apraxia of speech is a motor speech disorder and those affected may have difficulty speaking. The broadcaster was giving updates on the match between Rotherham and Shrewsbury on the Sky Sports show when viewers noticed his slurred speech. DON’T MISS:Emmerdale’s Samantha Giles rushed to hospital with mystery illness [NEWS]Dame Joan Collins, 88, pelted with ‘hard bread roll’ by begrudged fan [LATESST] Shirley MacLaine's boast of bedding two Prime Ministers [UPDATE] Some viewers posted on social media about their concerns. MrsHoldenLFC said: “@SkySport is Chris Kamara ok, he really doesn’t sound well with how slow his speech is and slurring his words, it’s worrying? @JeffStelling” JulsP1970 added: “Whats up with Chris Kamara on @SoccerSaturdaytoday? “He sounds drunk. Or is he unwell? Something isn't right with him, I hope he's okay!” Chris tweeted his explanation later that day to clear up any rumours. Following Chris’ tweet, other well-wishers included BBC Breakfast star Dan Walker, who said: “Stay strong Kammy. “Wishing you all the best.” Steph’s Packed Lunch presenter, Steph McGovern, wrote: “You’ve got this Kammy.” Last year, Lorraine also took to social media to share a message of support to Chris when he shared that he had a thyroid condition. He told his Twitter followers that he had been diagnosed with an underactive thyroid (also known as hypothyroidism). She tweeted a message to Chris, as did many of his fans at the time. Lorraine said: “Sending you so much love @chris_kammy - hope you are feeling better xxxx.”