EastEnders fans were left stunned last night when Sharon Mitchell returned to Albert Square looking a little different. Several BBC viewers suggested the actress who plays the popular character, Letitia Dean, had made some changes to her appearance - most noticably her hair and weight. Having been away for a few weeks, the character remarked “I've been pampered, polished and plucked” upon her arrival home. And those watching at home commented on her new look. Twitter user @grcyatkins said: “Sharon looks so beautiful today, she looks 19.” “Sharon Watts is a skinny QUEEN,” @camangusmurray commented, while a Sharon fan account agreed: “Sharon is a skinny Queen and looks newborn!” Joe McKenzie added: "Sharon has shed loads of weight ,looking amazing," and Tia agreed: "Sharon is looking slimer #Eastenders." READ MORE: Michael Mosley recommends making 'tasty' food for rapid weight loss One fan wrote: “Anyone else going to mention how Sharon is looking at the moment!” Jak Kirkman said: “Can we all take a minute to appreciate how good Sharon Watts looks on #EastEnders?! Wow…” Letitia has been playing Sharon since 1985, and over the year’s, her weight has noticably fluctuated. The actress addressed some of the comments fans have made about her weight. DON'T MISS...Petrol price fury: Drivers angered as pump prices rise despite 5p cut [REACTION]How Kate and William display ‘sign of unity and togetherness’ [STYLE]London house prices overvalued by 50% - homeowners warned [UPDATE] Speaking on EastEnders' spin-off show Secrets from the Square, Letitia revealed: "I had quite a lot of horrible things said about me. “‘She's too fat, the other actors complain they can't fit on the same set with her.’” There have been many things Leitia has tried in a bid to slim down. In 2007, she took part in Strictly Come Dancing: “The main reason I [signed up was because I] wanted to do something about my figure. I was so sick of extreme dieting and my weight yo-yoing." The actress previsouly revealed she has tried every fad diet on the market: "The cabbage soup diet, the Atkins and a really disgusting eggs-only diet." Following her appearance on Strictly, Letitia starred in High School Musical the Live Show and explained how she got fit for the role. In conversation with Closer, Letitia rsaid: "I started going to the gym for the first time last year and now I've grown to love it - running and boxercise are now my favourite things." Alongside exercise, Letitia changed her diet and reduced her calorie intake to 1300 to lose weight. As for what she ate, the actress focussed on “healthy food”. “Pitta bread with a grilled skinless chicken breast, for instance, and lots of greens,” she explained. Letitia also noticed the food she was eating affected her energy: “It was incredible. I found I had so much more energy than when I used to eat junk food." The result of her hard work? In just four months, Letitia went from 10st 4lbs to 8st 3lbs, and dropped four dress sizes.