This particular benefit could come in handy for households as proposed Government changes could see over 60s lose access to free prescriptions. Anyone over the age of 60 or anyone under 60 is eligible for an exemption from paying prescription costs, however fees are waived in both Scotland and Wales. Recently, the UK Government has proposed hiking the age threshold for free prescriptions on the NHS to the state pension age, which is 66. People who have a certain qualifying medical condition must have a valid medical exemption certificate (MedEx) in their name to be on the exemption list. It is possible to apply for a prescription exemption if you ask your doctor for an FP92A form to begin the process of receiving a certificate. The following medical conditions included on the prescriptions exemption list are: READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Age UK and other organisations have criticised the Government’s proposal to raise the eligibility age for free prescriptions. Specifically, experts believe that this will hurt those in the over 60s age demographic during a financially vulnerable period and put more pressure on the NHS.   Dr Eva Kalmus, the co-chair of British Geriatrics Society’s GeriGPs Group, explained: “People aged between 60 and 65 are often prescribed medication for long-term conditions which they will take for many years. “Introducing prescription charges for this group is likely to result in some of this age group not taking their medication and will deliver minimal savings for the NHS. “It may even cost the NHS more in the long term when complications or disease progression occur which medication might have prevented.” Caroline Abrahams, Age UK’s Charity Director, said: “This proposed policy is a kick in the teeth, both for poorly older people and the NHS. “It is also extremely ill-judged, because the money the Government will save by scrapping free prescriptions for 60-65 years olds will almost certainly be outweighed by the additional costs to the NHS, if people fail to take their medication because they can’t afford it and become ill. “We are already hearing some older people on multiple medicines saying they will have to choose which ones to drop, and others are expecting to ration how much they take. “The problem is that treatments don’t work like that: if the prescribed dosage says one tablet every day it may not work at all if you only take it every two or three days. “This policy proposal seems all the more unfair because prescriptions are free for everyone in Scotland and Wales. There’s a strong public health case for heading in that direction here in England too. “Instead, our Government wants to do the opposite: make many more people pay for their medicines, and at an age when it’s all the more important they take them, to control conditions that left untreated can lead to really serious medical problems, piling more pressure onto the NHS.” Previously speaking to Express.co.uk, a Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: “Around 90 percent of community prescription items in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60 years old, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link with the state pension age. “We are considering the responses carefully and will respond in due course.”