Ralf Rangnick has finally made his first signing for Manchester United after it was reported that defender Toby Collyer had signed from Brighton. It marks the start of a new era at Old Trafford, with Rangnick set to take up a consultancy role upon the expiration of his interim contract as manager this summer. Rangnick joined the Red Devils in November after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was sacked following a spate of poor results. The Norwegian left United 12 points behind leaders Chelsea following a shock 4-1 loss to Watford with just 12 games gone in the season. Rangnick was subsequently appointed as boss on an interim basis just two weeks later, with a contract until the end of the season being issued for his services. He initially got off to a great start, slowly turning the tide before poor results started to creep in around February time. Many blamed the lacklustre form on the lack of January signings. However, with the German set to move behind the scenes in the summer, he is already looking ahead to signings for the future in order to take United back to the top of the Premier League. JUST IN: Man Utd lack three things as Neville makes comparison to Man City  And that appears to be underway months ahead of the new season, with Fabrizio Romano reporting that Collyer has signed for the Red Devils from Brighton. The midfielder, who was born in 2004, leaves the south coast with a huge pedigree having captained England's Under-16 and Under-17 sides already. He joins United on a three-and-a-half-year deal, meaning he will spend his time at the Theatre of Dreams until at least 2025. Collyer impressed on trial at Carrington last month and caught the eye of United scouts in his performance for Brighton in a friendly against Huddersfield. Operating in both central midfield and centre-back, the youngster could be moulded into the defensive midfielder that United have desired for the last few years if he develops well. Rangnick spoke about how United's transfer strategy was unclear earlier this season - calling on club chiefs to follow in the footsteps of their rivals. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  “It’s about having a clear transfer strategy and signing players who fit into that system. And that’s what both clubs (City and Liverpool) have been doing in the last five or six years," Rangnick admitted. “If I look at their transfer policy and their transfer success, they haven’t had many players who people would say that maybe that wasn’t the right signing. Both clubs have been pretty successful - and this is where Manchester United have to go again." 