Conservative MP and Education Secretary Nadhim Zahawi was welcomed onto Good Morning Britain on Monday to discuss schools in the UK. However, host Susanna Reid hit out at the politician, claiming state schools were struggling due to a lack of funding over the past decade. Reid began: "Why did you deprive state school pupils of equality education by taking money away from them to fix what happened in the banking crisis? (sic) "Why did state schools have to suffer?" the presenter questioned. Zahawi hit back: "There are state schools in the system, multi-academy trusts have continued to outperform which [are] the ones I want to scale and learn from as to how they did so well. "But, to your point, in the spending review when I became Secretary of State I got that investment. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn "I got seven billion into education," the politician insisted. However, Reid swiftly hit back, highlighting years of underfunding in the school system. She blasted: "Yes, we're talking about when you became Education Secretary, but you're only recently Education Secretary. "These pupils have had more than 10 years of underfunding. Have you seen the impact on state schools?" Reid asked. Zahawi replied: "Well hold on a second. I've had the head of the OECD education in my office and he said to me 'On schools, you're in the upper quartile of investment in schools in the United Kingdom. So you're in a good place on investment'. "I've got seven billion for schools, I've got five billion for recovery. I will invest that. "I'll make sure that those children get that additional attention that they need to recover," he insisted. Reid fumed: "Mr Zahawi, that's not going to work." DON'T MISS...Susanna Reid slams Will Smith 'assault' on Chris Rock [WATCH]Holby City’s David Ames shares emotions on BBC drama ending [MUST SEE]EastEnders Bernie Taylor star shares disappointment over co-star exit [INSIGHT] While watching the encounter unfold on the ITV morning programme, viewers took to Twitter to share their thoughts. Some praised Reid for the interview and for holding the Conservative Government to account. "Well put Susanna. They have been in power for over 10 years," @songforzula commented. "Excellent interviewing from Susanna," @freeforeverxyz wrote. @RichardColes said: "What I love about this is that, despite their best efforts to pretend otherwise, the Conservatives are being held to account for the fact that they’ve been in power for 12 years." Meanwhile, others weren't so keen on the way Reid conducted the interview and defended Zahawi. "Reid can't fathom that money doesn't grow on trees, ignoring the financial catastrophe of the pandemic or that the current minister is not responsible for the previous necessary austerity measures," @glum_gary wrote. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.