If I liked another child then I must base my attitude on that and not on somebody else’s dislike. So, if I speak as I found, I never had any problem with John Bercow. He was the junior in my team when I was Shadow Home Secretary and despite our being at opposite ends of the argument on issues such as drugs and clause 28, was never other than pleasant and kind. He was solicitous about the health of my elderly mother. When I left the front bench and was as another of my former deputies so charmingly put it, “not important any more” he remained friendly and concerned. Some years after I had left Parliament he let me use Speaker’s House for a reception to mark my papal honour. He chatted away during several more events there held by various MPs and organisations and made a point of appearing in person to add to the occasion and the participants’ delight. Even recently when we were poles apart on Brexit, he gave me a cheerful write-up in his autobiography. Of course, I had issues with the way he prosecuted his determined campaign to become Speaker when he simply took every opportunity to congratulate Labour MPs and curry favour with them, but when once I asked him if he was considering crossing the floor, he laughed as if I had uttered a pleasant absurdity. That was as nothing compared to the way he tried to prevent Brexit from his position as Speaker. One day he would quote precedent as a reason not to allow the Government to take a particular course and the next would be saying that precedent was there to be set as well as broken. His best friends could not argue that he showed due impartiality, which was the very essence of his role. That may have brought the office of Speaker into disrepute but it does not make him a nasty bully. Yet if I speak as I find, then the complainants are neither liars nor snowflakes. I have had recent dealings with Kate Emms who is efficient, kind and reliable. I knew Lord Lisvane in his previous incarnation of head clerk and he is no shrinking violet and a man of integrity. So, whatever happened? Did the pressures of his wife’s much-publicised antics plus Brexit plus virulent Tory hatred simply become too much so that he took to shouting and throwing things or are there grounds for doubting the verdict or did time warp memories? I don’t know, but given the welter of vituperation and vilification now launched against John Bercow I feel compelled to reach for my tin hat and speak as I found. -------------------------------------------------- Boycott Coca-Cola and any brands dealing with Putin When Coca-Cola was slow in withdrawing sales to Russia, I stood examining my summer drinks stock and decided that visiting family this year might have to go without. Then the company changed its mind. I will not buy from any company which trades with Putin and urge everyone else to take the same line. -------------------------------------------------- Give Ukraine planes to fight back I don’t get it. It is OK for Nato countries to equip Ukraine with surface-to-air missiles with which to shoot down Russian bombers but not to give them planes to do exactly the same thing. As long as said planes bear Ukrainian colours and are under Ukrainian not Nato command, then what the heck is the difference? -------------------------------------------------- Freezing Russian assets is hypocritical Of course it is right to freeze Russian assets in this country but the stench of hypocrisy as the yachts sail off to Dubai is overpowering. We took Abramovich’s money and that of those like him for years. Chelsea Football Club did very well out of it. I didn’t see the directors sporting clothes pegs on their noses,nor ministers either. If Putin had not invaded a sovereign state the establishment and the oligarchs would still be hobnobbing. So, yes, freeze the assets but spare us the self-righteous sermonising. -------------------------------------------------- Vigil not an exception to Covid rules It seems an odd ruling of the courts that the police were wrong to prevent the Sarah Everard vigil on the grounds that it infringed the participants’ right to free speech and assembly. Well, of course it did but so did the entire raft of Covid emergency measures forced on us by Boris & Co. We lived through an abrogation of our civil liberties which was unprecedented in peace time and if one restriction was unlawful then logic suggests all the other restrictions were too as they were passed under the same emergency Act. I understand the feelings of grief and outrage behind the vigil but the police could hardly pick and choose between one cause and another. Gatherings were banned. Simples. -------------------------------------------------- Poor form to insist on visas The British response to the Ukrainian refugee crisis has been a jungle of red tape. Where citizens in other countries meet the stream of human suffering with placards saying how many they can take into their homes, Brits will have to have criminal record checks and be Government-approved. Meanwhile those fleeing Putin’s barbarians must complete swathes of paperwork and be issued with visas before they can set foot on UK soil, even if they have close family in Britain. We should be setting up centres in countries receiving vast numbers of refugees and there processing those with Ukrainian passports and giving them passage straight to the UK instead of risking their being ensnared by people traffickers at Calais. No chance. Britain loves forms and hates kindness and common sense. Remember the Afghan interpreters? Then the company changed its mind. I will not buy from any company which trades with Putin and urge everyone else to take the same line.