Each star sign in the zodiac has different qualities, needs, and desires when it comes to finding love and being in love. Gemini, the third sign in the zodiac, is represented by the Twins. Geminis are described as curious, affectionate, and kind. But what are their love traits and which star sign are they most compatible with? According to Horoscope.com, Geminis love to date so much that they consider the activity a “skill”. The astrology experts claimed: “Gemini are great at drawing first dates out of their shells, and they rarely have a bad date – because this optimism-infused sign will always find something positive about the person they meet or the conversation they shared.” READ MORE: 'Tragic': Kate Middleton's body language shows 'suppressed distress' However, it is difficult for Geminis to take the next step after a date. This may be due to the fact that they are independent and do not want to give that up for someone they are not 100 percent sure about. Horoscope.com continued: “And while Gemini aren't dishonest, their ruling planet Mercury makes them especially adept at telling others what they want to hear – which some might perceive as leading people on. “Gemini aren’t bound by convention. If they find themselves partnering with someone who isn’t the type that their friends or family would have expected, well, Gemini just don’t care. “Once in love, Gemini aren’t afraid to make their own rules (with their partner of course) about what the relationship looks like.”  Gemini’s best love match is Aries. This is perhaps because the fire sign is intense and passionate, just like Gemini. Both signs are also fiercely independent, which could result in an unconventional romance. Other signs Gemini is attracted to are Leo and Libra. But what’s in store for Geminis today, March 16? Geminis are urged to act on their fantasies with their loved ones, which may bring them closer together. Horoscope.com said: “Fantasies are nice when they echo something of your own deeper emotional nature. “Today's celestial atmosphere means that you have a chance to act out one or two of your more enduring and playful imaginings. “Arrange the setting wherever is most appropriate, and allow you and your love interest to re-experience your initial passion. “You will both be pleasantly surprised at how this deepens the bond between you.” As for the rest of the week, Geminis could expect to get closure “on a romantic issue you’ve been spending a lot of energy on lately”. The astrologists continued: “You can’t make someone feel something they don’t want to feel, Gemini. “Luckily, moving on is a pretty matter-of-fact process during this earthy lunation.”