Temperature charts show the UK turning ice blue in winds as low as -10C in Scotland and northern England as government forecasters warn to prepare for ‘wintry hazards’. The freezing blast will put parts of the nation on snow alert as weather models reveal the threat of an early April whiteout. Forecasters insist wintry downpours will remain confined to high ground largely in Scotland and northern England.   But Britons face an imminent shock to the system as summer-like blue skies and sunshine give way to winter misery. James Madden, forecaster for Exacta Weather, said: “Colder and more unsettled weather is about to return through the end of March. “This will bring with it the risk of some frequent showers, and some of these could turn wintry. “Clear skies in the evening will bring cold nights with the risk of frosts and early morning fog.” Thermometers in Scotland and northern Britain will plumet to -10C next weekend while the rest of the nation shivers in lows of zero or just above.  Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “Through the early part of next week we will see changes as we lose high pressure, and we turn to a more easterly airflow. “By the time we get to the early part of April, temperatures will have dropped significantly from what we have seen over the past week. “It is really going to turn cold, and we will be back to weaning winter coats and jumpers. “There is also the chance of some snow showers over high ground in Scotland and northern Britain.” Bookmaker Ladbrokes has slashed odds on an early spring whiteout to 2-1 amid forecasts for winter flurries next week.  Spokesman Alex Apati said: "Brits may have been treated to a scorching few days but we're strapping ourselves in for the potential of April snow with temperatures heading in the wrong direction at the back end of this month." The Met Office said Britons can enjoy a couple more days of fine weather before mid-week when things turn colder. Met Office meteorologist Alex Deakin said: “Through Monday and Tuesday we could see a switch to a northerly wind bringing cooler air further south across the UK, we are expecting that switch around Monday or Tuesday. “We will be turning colder as we go through next week.” John Hammond, meteorologist for weathertrending, said a cold front from the northeast will bring a ‘noticeable change’ to the weather.  He said: “Computer forecasts do now suggest that a cold front will spread down from the northeast, introducing chillier air in its wake by midweek. “Towards the end of the week, the air may briefly become even colder from the north, sufficient to turn some of those showers wintry, especially across hills exposed to the northeast. “Overnight frost will become quite widespread. From summer warmth back to a wintry chill.” A Met Office spokesman added: “It will be breezy and feel cooler than recently in the far north, with the potential for some snow showers at low levels. “It will become less settled and colder with a mixture of sunshine and showers for most, in addition to an increased likelihood of wintry hazards, particularly to the north.” 