Saturday Kitchen host Matt Tebbutt took time out of his busy schedule to cook for a live audience at the 2022 Ideal Home Show and speak to Express.co.uk about his friendship with Naga Munchetty. The pair regularly joke with one another on Saturday mornings when Naga hands over to the TV chef. Matt said he enjoys the on-screen quips with the BBC Breakfast host.   Matt, 48, has hosted the morning BBC cooking show since 2016 and welcomes an array of celebrities and specialists to join him. Before the show, viewers are often treated to a humorous back and forth between the chef and the BBC Breakfast team. On his rapport with Naga, Matt said: "She is really really good fun." Read More: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the village as clue dropped But despite their natural chemistry, the pair have hardly met in person. He added: "I met her once in actual life when I made BBC Breakfast many years ago, but it's just that toing and froing, that news link." Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk he continued: "She's got this particular form of banter.I love her sort of sharp tone. "I love that she doesn't take any cr*p, basically."  Matt seems at ease hosting a show while keeping his guests happy and fed. On a recent weekend show, he revealed sometimes guests are swapped at the last minute, but "99 percent" of them are just there to have good fun. When it comes to knowing far in advance who is coming on the show, he described: "It varies, to be honest. "So this week [Saturday, March 26], because of Covid, we lost an original guest, so we had a replacement on Thursday night. DON’T MISS…'No room for mistakes' Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [LATEST]Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? [LATEST]Laura Kuenssberg replaces Andrew Marr on Sunday Morning show 'It's an honour' [LATEST]  "It was Stacey Dooley, who's brilliant - I've met her a couple of times before, she is just adorable. "Generally, you meet them at 10 past nine in the morning on Saturday, and then you just chat basically and see where it goes. "But 99 percent of people who come on the show are there to have a good time and relax and enjoy it." Set up as a dinner party with friends, he concluded: "It's Saturday morning, they are getting fed and getting some really good wine and meeting some really good chefs.   "So what's not to like, so already they are at ease." With Covid restrictions lifted, the Ideal Home Show was able to open its doors to a wider audience. Matt said it was "great" being at the event, which he dubbed the "Las Vegas" of home shows and that "people want to be out" touching and seeing things. The Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest, the world's longest-running home and interiors exhibition, will return to Olympia London next spring from March 17 to April 2, 2023. For more information and tickets, please visit idealhomeshow.co.uk Saturday Kitchen airs on BBC One on Saturdays 