Manchester United put their derby defeat to Manchester City behind them with a big win over top-four rivals Tottenham. Cristiano Ronaldo scored all three goals for only his second United hat-trick. Express Sport provides a full rundown of the United player ratings. David de Gea - 6 Other than picking the ball out the back of the net for Harry Kane's penalty, De Gea had little to do with Tottenham struggling to trouble the United goalkeeper. Diogo Dalot - 6 Often found himself in plenty of space going forward with Sergio Reguilon caught further up the pitch. Dealt with Tottenham's threat down their left with relative ease. Raphael Varane - 6 His presence was missed against Manchester City last week and he was doing well to keep Harry Kane quiet Harry Maguire - 4 It was looking like a solid performance for the England international until his own goal midway through the second half. Another blip on Maguire's season. Alex Telles - 6 Not as big a mistake as Maguire but still saw United punished when he gave away a penalty for handball. Made up for it with a sublime delivery for Ronaldo's hat-trick. Nemanja Matic - 7 Not featured much this seaosn but his presence in midfield played a huge role in keeping Tottenham quiet. Fred - 8 Easily United's second best player on the night. Provided the impetus for United going forward at every chance. Paul Pogba - 5 With Bruno Fernandes missing, Paul Pogba was given the chance to fill in his preferred position but he was largely quiet. Marcus Rashford - 5 Another disappointing performance from the England international who appears devoid of all confidence at the moment. Jadon Sancho - 7 United fans are starting to see the Jadon Sancho who tore up the Bundesliga with Borussia Dortmund. Beat the offside trap excellently for Ronaldo's second goal. Cristiano Ronaldo - 10 He's had plenty of critics this season but there's still no denying his ability to step up on the big stage when it matters most. A hat-trick for the ages which could prove pivotal come the end of the season. Subs Anthony Elanga - 6 Didn't have much chance to affect the game when he came in with 22 minutes left. Edinson Cavani - 6 Brought on in reaction to Tottenham's equaliser. Wasn't needed after Ronaldo's third. Victor Lindelof - 6 Brought on to shore up United's defence and did what was required of him in the final minutes.