George Russell has insisted that Mercedes will need to make plenty of changes over the coming weeks and months in order for Lewis Hamilton to stand any chance of sealing a record-breaking eighth Drivers' Championship title at the end of the season. The Silver Arrows have struggled to get to grips with a number of performance issues during the early stages of the new campaign and were comfortably off the pace at last weekend's Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. Russell managed to secure a respectable fifth-placed finish at the Jeddah Corniche Circuit but was unable to lay a glove on the likes of Charles Leclerc and Max Verstappen, who sped off into the distance as the race took shape early on. Meanwhile, Hamilton was forced to settle for a single point after he was sensationally knocked out of Q1 on pure pace for the first time since 2009 in Saturday's qualifying session.The seven-time champion was able to sneak onto the podium at the season-opening race in Bahrain but was helped by a late blessing when both Red Bull cars were forced to retire with fuel system failures. He had no such luck in Saudi Arabia, though, and Russell is convinced that neither he nor Hamilton will be able to join the battle for Drivers' Championship glory unless Mercedes work hard to iron out their glaring issues in the near future."We are definitely not out of it," Russell told The Guardian. "But if we don’t manage to find some improvements there is no way we will be fighting for this championship. We are not giving up. JUST IN: Jenson Button admits 'it's difficult walking away' and talks Hamilton "Even if we continue like this for the next five, six, seven or eight races we are still going to be in touching distance and there is no reason we can’t overturn it. We need to see how things look by the time we get halfway through the season, everything can change."I don’t see any reason why we will make any strides forward. We are the third-fastest team at the moment and closer to the fourth than we are to second, so it’s going to be more of the same in the coming races." It remains to be seen whether Mercedes will be able to put things right before the halfway point of the new campaign as they go in search of an unlikely Constructors' Championship triumph over the coming months. Team principal Toto Wolff has already revealed that he is hurting as a result of the Silver Arrows' poor form but echoed Russell's comments by insisting that they will fight back with a vengeance between now and the end of the season."We had the luxury of being in the middle of those fun games for the past eight years and it is extremely painful not to be part of it,” Wolff told reporters. "We’re not going to rest until we are back in the mix. It’s no fun at all, it’s an exercise in humility, and it’s going to make us stronger in the end, even though it’s not funny right now." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE