It's been another rotten week for Manchester United, who were dumped out of the Champions League by Atletico Madrid on Tuesday night. It's a result that effectively ends United's season, with only a top-four finish now on offer to salvage Ralf Rangnick's uninspiring interim stint at Old Trafford. A direct consequence of United suffering another early elimination from Europe is that everyone associated with the club will have an extended period of time to digest their chastening loss. United are now not due to play until after the international break as a result of Liverpool's commitments in the FA Cup. But once the postmortem has been conducted, the onus is now very much on the Old Trafford hierarchy to get the ball rolling ahead of a crucial summer. The club are set to finally appoint a permanent successor to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, while reinforcements will be necessary in the transfer market to inject some fresh blood into a squad that has struggled to live up to lofty expectations this year. And according to a new report from the Manchester Evening News, United may have finally identified their new manager. Despite Thomas Tuchel emerging as a viable contender for the role in recent days, the report claims that Ajax chief Erik ten Hag is currently United's top-choice to take on the role at Old Trafford. READ MORE: Gary Neville calls out Joel Glazer directly after owner breaks Man Utd 'promise' The Dutchman has earned rave reviews for his work in Holland with Ajax, who he's guided to two Eredivisie titles since taking charge in 2017. The 52-year-old has just one year remaining on his current contract, meaning he'd command a lower compensation fee than other targets such as Tuchel. However, there is still scope for things to change, with United's plans far from finalised. While Ajax's early exit from the Champions League may be a cause for concern, the way that Ten Hag has extensively rebuilt the club during his five-year tenure should stand him in good stead if he does take over a Manchester United squad that has been visibly devoid of confidence for some time. And Ten Hag's time at Ajax could go one step further in solving another key issue that United's new manager will have to attend to this summer in the form of Harry Maguire. The United captain's calamitous form can longer be ignored - and the onus will be on whoever succeeds Rangnick to source an upgrade on Maguire to put the £80million man out of his misery. DON'T MISSArsenal boss Mikel Arteta snaps at Premier League decisionAntonio Rudiger ‘had agreed new deal’ with Chelsea before sanctionsLord Coe speaks out after joining bid to buy Chelsea from Abramovich With that in mind, a move for Ten Hag could solve two issues in one for United - if they follow it up with a move for Matthijs de Ligt. The Dutch defender was a pivotal player for Ten Hag after coming through Ajax's famous academy and played a crucial role in the Dutch outfit's captivating run to the Champions League semi-finals back in 2019. De Ligt was prised away by Juventus shortly after his heroic exploits in Europe - but his £67.5m switch to Italy hasn't quite worked out. The 22-year-old would likely relish a reunion with Ten Hag at Old Trafford, who will need to work swiftly in the transfer market due to an earlier start to the Premier League season than usual ahead of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. Seeking out a reunion with one of his trusted old lieutenants from Ajax is a no-brainer for Ten Hag. And De Ligt is the perfect profile for United to build their defence around for years to come - even if his arrival would come at Maguire's expense.