Max Verstappen is in for a tough season if he is to defend his world title. Ferrari's Charles Leclerc stormed to victory in the first race, and has now gone quickest in the practice sessions before the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix this weekend. Verstappen signed a five year extension with Red Bull this year, taking the Dutchman's stay with the team until the end of the 2028 season. However, after his historic title win in December, Verstappen also revealed one thing that could make his quit the sport. He admitted he would walk away from F1 if his engineer left the sport. The Dutchman has worked with Gianpiero Lambiase throughout his time at Red Bull. Their relationship is so important to Verstappen’s success, he would leave the sport if his engineer chose to do so. Verstappen told Ziggo Sport at the time: “I have said to him I only work with him. As soon as he stops, I stop too. “Of course, we can be pretty strict with each other sometimes, but I want that too. He has to tell me when I’m being a jerk and I have to tell him. I always told him that. “He can tell me that on the radio as well, but it’s been going really well lately. The last few years I tried to be the engineer and he tried to be the driver.” Back in October, the 24-year-old gave a glowing assessment of his engineer and the calmness he possesses, especially in such an intense environment like F1. Verstappen said: “He can tell me that on the radio as well, but it’s been going really well lately. The last few years I tried to be the engineer and he tried to be the driver. “I have a lot of respect of sometimes how calm he stays. READ MORE: Max Verstappen's girlfriend 'made him more mature' than Lewis Hamilton  “When you are in the car your heart rate goes up, you are under pressure. “Sometimes you have your moments where you speak up or raise your voice, but then if you also have from the other side someone raising their voice you can end up in a massive argument on the radio while driving, which I don’t think is good.” He added: “We always talk about things. Also, when we have disagreements or whatever, we very easily get over it again because at the end of the day, we have the same goal – we both want to win every single weekend, we want to try and have the best possible result. DON'T MISS Daniel Ricciardo rules out Max Verstappen and Lando Norris request [INSIGHT] Hamilton handed Verstappen blow as Red Bull ‘make several changes' [ANALYSIS] Max Verstappen discusses Charles Leclerc relationship after incident [INSIGHT] “Yeah, sometimes, of course that can get a bit emotional, but I think that is a part of racing.” The Red Bull-Mercedes rivalry looks set to continue this season after Mercedes Team Principal Toto Wolff fired more shots this week. Asked by German newspaper Bild as part of a Q&A who he could envision working with, Wolff did not mince his words. The question read: "Who would you rather have from Red Bull in your team: Verstappen as driver, team boss Christian Horner or head of motorsport Dr. Helmut Marko?" Wolff responded: "I'd rather do it alone."