A photo seen by Seoul-based website NK News appears to confirm a South Korean military statement claiming Pyongyang botched a projectile launch at around 9.30am local time (0.30am GMT). NK News claims the image shows a red-tinted ball of smoke at the end of a rocket launch trail in the skies above the North Korean capital. Residents in Pyongyang reportedly heard the projectile and were said to have seen the smoke and vapour form in the sky. Ankit Panda, a senior fellow in the Nuclear Policy Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, described the image as consistent with a "catastrophic failure". He went on to claim the "reddish-orange smoke" could be related with liquid fuel which is "very toxic" for humans. Mr Panda added: "I hope it didn’t crash near or in Pyongyang." JUST IN: Joe Biden to announce ‘Game-changing’ $1bn military aid package for Ukraine South Korea's Joint Chief of Staff said in a statement the projectile was fired from Sunan Airport, according to Reuters. The statement said: "It is presumed that it failed immediately after launch." Japanese public broadcaster NHK has also reported a source inside Tokyo's Defence Ministry as having called the projectile a potential ballistic missile. The US Indo-Pacific Command has released a statement sharing their intel about the missile launch. They said: "We are aware of the DPRK’s ballistic missile launch today and are consulting closely with the Republic of Korea (ROK) and Japan, as well as other regional allies and partners. READ MORE: 'Off the mark' Joe Biden accused of acting slow in dealing with Russia-Ukraine crisis "The United States condemns these actions and calls on the DPRK to refrain from further destabilizing acts. "While we have assessed that this event does not pose an immediate threat to US personnel, territory, or that of our allies, we will continue to monitor the situation. "The United States will continue to take all necessary measures to ensure the security of the US homeland and our allies. "The US commitment to the defense of the ROK and Japan, remains ironclad." However, Sunan Airport was also identified as the same location as tworeported intercontinental ballistic missile system tests on February 27 and March 5. DON'T MISS: Russian TV protestor hailed as ‘unflinchingly brave’ [REVEALED]Russian state television interrupted by placard-wielding protester [INSIGHT]Pundits slam Ukraine war as cracks appear in Putin propaganda machine [SPOTLIGHT] Pyongyang claimed those launches were part of reconnaissance satellite tests. The most recent news of a projectile launch is said to be the first since Yoon Suk-Yeol won the South Korean Presidential Election last week. The 'People Power' President, who won the poll by just a few hundred thousand votes, is said to be a hardliner on issues involving Pyongyang. Mr Yoon said in a recent speech: "I will sternly respond to North Korea’s illegal and unreasonable acts according to principles but always leave the door open for South-North dialogue." In a separate interview with the Wall Street Journal, he added: "We shall stand on the right side of history with the US by making sure that those who undermine the liberal international order pay the price accordingly."