Mick Schumacher has explained that Kevin Magnussen’s return to Haas will be “beneficial” to him and the team. Magnussen signed a multi-year deal with the American team earlier this month after they sacked Nikita Mazepin following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Magnussen spent four seasons with Haas between 2017 and 2020 and raced alongside Romain Grosjean. But the duo were replaced ahead of last season by Schumacher – son of legendary driver Michael – and Mazepin. Schumacher and Mazepin had been set to continue their burgeoning partnership once again in 2022. But the Russian’s contract was terminated just weeks before the new season gets underway with Uralkali, the team's sponsor owned by Mazepin's father, also dropped. JUST IN: Mercedes face FIA investigation with Red Bull and Ferrari set to appeal W13 upgrades   Magnussen, who spent last year racing in the WeatherTech SportsCar Championship, was quickly snapped up and will line up for Haas when the new season gets underway in Bahrain this weekend. And Schumacher believes the 29-year-old’s return is a good thing. “It's definitely beneficial for me and for the team,” Schumacher said. “He's been part of it for four years, then obviously had a one year break now. “Everybody likes him in the team. I think the emotion and the feeling in the team is really good. And yeah, he's a good reference, so it's only positive for now. “I think that obviously I can benefit from his experience and also I think he's a good benchmark.   “Now I have the opportunity to kind of measure myself and have the pressure, and kind of try and deliver under pressure too. “He's brought really good stuff into the team.” The duo took to the track together for the first time last week during pre-season testing in Bahrain. And Magnussen even set the fastest lap on day two after being given an extra hour to race in the evening to make up for the four hours the team lost on the track earlier in the week due to a freight delay. DON'T MISS Red Bull make Vettel prediction about Max Verstappen in Hamilton fightGeorge Russell's Ferrari and Red Bull verdict gives Hamilton hopeMax Verstappen calls Lewis Hamilton's bluff over Mercedes fears  The Dane will clearly be chomping at the bit to resume his F1 career. And, after putting pen-to-paper on a deal with Haas, he admitted he was surprised to be given the opportunity to race again. “I was obviously very surprised but equally very excited to receive the call from Haas F1 team,” Magnussen said. “The opportunity to return to compete in Formula 1, and with a team I know extremely well, was simply too appealing. “I’ve been briefed as much as possible on the development of the VF-22 and the potential in the package. There’s work to do but I’m excited to be a part of it.” 