Strawberries are the perfect summer fruit to accompany sweet desserts or be eaten as a healthy snack - and they are surprisingly easy to grow at home. These seeded red fruits will do well in full sun either in your garden, or on a warm windowsill - but when is the best time to plant them? Express.co.uk reveals the perfect time to plant strawberries for a steady summer harvest. Strawberry plants are the perfect crop for gardeners looking to get stuck into some homegrown produce this summer. This versatile fruit requires just a few key components to produce an abundant crop, with the juicy red berries growing in no time at all. With the warm spring weather finally arriving across most parts of the UK, the time has almost come to begin planting strawberry seeds. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), mid-spring is the perfect time to get planting in order to secure fresh strawberries throughout summer. The seasonal weather provides optimum growing conditions to help your plants to thrive, and will provide you with plenty of juicy red fruits as early as June. Typically strawberries are planted in rows of garden soil, but you can also add your young plants to raised beds, borders, containers or even growing bags. If you’re looking for a later harvest, this flavoursome plant can also be planted later in the year - around late summer or early autumn. When it comes to taste, homegrown strawberries are unbeaten by their store-bought counterparts, which are usually picked before they’re really ready. There are a number of categories of strawberry plants which can be added to your garden right now, all of which offer different harvest times. The most popular varieties include: Summer-fruiting varieties are the best option for an earlier harvest, but planting a wide range will provide you with a more steady flow of fresh fruits throughout summer. DON'T MISS:‘The risk is real’: Monty Don shares warning on Gardeners’ World [REVEAL]Flowers to plant now for a 'delicious' and beautiful 'cottage' garden [ANALYSIS]Garden jobs to do in March - from weeding to planting vegetables [INSIGHT] Strawberries are best planted from young plants or runners from the end of March through to early summer, but what’s the best way to do it? Strawberries will benefit from well-rotted manure or compost in the soil, and should be fertilised for best results. Dig in two buckets of organic matter into soil beds, and use a few handfuls at a time for containers. Once your soil is prepared, it’s time to trim the roots to around 10cm if necessary and spread them out in a well-dug hole. You should make the hole big enough to accommodate the crown so it rests lightly on the surface before being firmed in. The RHS said: “Planting at the correct depth is important – if the crown is planted too deeply it will rot, if it’s planted too shallowly the plants will dry out and die.” Water the site well and repeat the process using the following measurements: When planting strawberries in early spring, you should always remove the first flush of flowers on perpetual strawberries, though this should only be done to summer-fruiting strawberries if the plants appear weak.