NCIS fans couldn't get enough of season 19, episode 14 The Helpers which was co-written by Jimmy Palmer actor Brian Dietzen. Jimmy and Kasie Hines' (played by Diona Reasonover) lives were in danger after being exposed to a deadly biotoxin but thankfully, they were saved in the nick of time. The Helpers featured Palmer's daughter Victoria Palmer (Elle Graper) and this week, the CBS police procedural will see another daughter at NCIS HQ. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.Director Leon Vance's (Rocky Carroll) daughter Kayla Vance (Naomi Grace) hasn't been seen for the past four years. Back in season 10, her mum was killed in the line of fire when the Vances invited Ziva David (Cote de Pablo) and her dad, director of an Israeli Intelligence Community, Eli (Michael Nouri) to dinner. Eli was the target but during their Shabbat meal at the Vance family home, both he and Jackie (Paula Newsome) were gunned down. The family was left devastated but the future was still looking bright for Jackie. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? Earlier this season, fans were touched when they found out former agent Leroy Gibbs (Mark Harmon) was sending money for his colleagues' children so they could pursue whatever they wanted. It was during a conversation with Agent Timothy McGee (Sean Murray) and Palmer that Vance revealed in January that, thanks to Gibbs' funds, Kayla had already decided what she wanted to do. She started attending FLETC (Federal Law Enforcement Training Centre) so she could train to become an NCIS field agent. Now, with season 19's 15th episode, it will be time to see what Kayla has learned so far. The synopsis for First Steps reads: "As NCIS investigates the cause of death of a reservist Navy Seal surgeon, they're forced to bring Vance's daughter, Kayla, who recently trained with NCIS, to help with a highly dangerous mission." So what role is Kayla going to play in helping to crack this case and will it lead to a full-time job working under her dad? While she was introduced in NCIS as a child, Kayla is now meant to be around 22-years-old so old enough to be an agent. There is also room for another member of the team following Agent Ellie Bishop's (Emily Wickersham) exit in season 18. DON'T MISS...NCIS' Pauley Perrette issues passionate plea against Ukrainian war [CAST]NCIS LA: fans stunned as dreaded deep fake returns for Callen [REACTION]NCIS Hawaii's Jesse death 'sealed' after harrowing drowning clue  [THEORY] Agent Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) came prior to Bishop leaving but isn't considered as her replacement since she was already on the team. The fact NCIS' writers first mentioned Kayla doing her NCIS training earlier this year does indicate that having her join the show as a series regular could be their intention. It will also be interesting to see the dynamic between herself and Vance as they try to balance a professional and personal relationship. As of yet though, there has been no official confirmation that actress Grace will be joining the cast full-time. However, Law was only made a series regular after starring in the latter half of season 18 so this could just be the beginning for Kayla. Besides from NCIS, Grace has been in Tangled Web of True Love Tales, Family Reunion and The Expanding Universe of Ashley Garcia. She is also working on the TV movie Vegas High which is currently in pre-production. With little else lined-up according to her IMDB page, this could mean more time for Grace to film new episodes of NCIS. NCIS season 19 continues every Monday on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced.