Manchester United duo Cristiano Ronaldo and Bruno Fernandes put their patchy club form and questionable chemistry to one side as Portugal saw off North Macedonia 2-0. The result sees them progress to the 2022 World Cup finals, ending the visitors' hopes of qualifying for their second ever major tournament. North Macedonia produced perhaps the story of the World Cup qualifying play-off semi finals when an unlikely stoppage-time stunner from Aleksandar Trajkovski was enough to topple Italy in Palermo. Players, staff and fans were all in a state of euphoria at their unlikely triumph, but a tough task against the might of Portugal stood between them and a World Cup spot. It did not take long for the hosts to assert their authority in Porto. A terrible backwards pass by Stefan Ristovski was intercepted and allowed Ronaldo to streak through on goal, and the Red Devils forward played a delightful nutmeg pass square to Fernandes who dispatched a composed finish. JUST IN: Sadio Mane sends Senegal to World Cup as Liverpool team-mate Mo Salah skies penalty  After the break a second goal came from a superb Diogo Jota cross which found Fernandes, his foe at club level, and he volleyed home emphatically to grant the hosts a welcomed buffer. Despite all the will in the world, North Macedonia could not work their way back into the tie and finished without a single shot on target. A Fernandes masterclass, which has become something of a rarity this season, will be looked upon favourably by United fans who could do with a step-up in output from their midfield talisman. Strong chemistry between himself and Ronaldo will also come as a welcome sight, given that they have struggled to gel on a consistent basis at Old Trafford. DON'T MISS: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's Marcus Rashford comments could hinder Arsenal transferLeeds could demand four Barcelona players in blockbuster Raphinha swap dealFrank Lampard has family member to blame for Dele Alli deal as Everton 'ponder' early exit There was a collective sigh of relief as well as a roar of celebration at the Estadio do Dragao on Tuesday as Portugal saw off their overmatched opponents, as expected, to reach a sixth consecutive World Cup finals. The celebrations will not stop there for Fernandes as transfer insider Fabrizio Romano claims that he will soon fly back to England and sign a lucrative new deal with United. Reports indicate that he will soon tie his future down until 2027 on a vastly improved pay packet, believed to be in the region of £240,000-a-week.  The future is considerably murkier for Ronaldo who has been tipped by many to flee Old Trafford if they fail to qualify for next season's Champions League. Currently, they sit four points behind fourth-place Arsenal having played a game more. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner has earned mixed reviews since sensationally returning to United, the club with which he rose to prominence, last summer. A tally of 18 goals in 32 matches is nothing to be scoffed at for a 37-year-old attacker deemed to be over the hill, but some have questioned his broader impact on the team and whether he suits Ralf Rangnick's pressing style of play. 