If Erik ten Hag is successful in his bid to become Manchester United's next manager, there will be plenty for him to get his teeth stuck into. That's probably an understatement. It's highly likely that the Dutchman will seek to improve the club's current transfer policy, which has seen them waste bundles of cash in their restless pursuit of trophies. In Amsterdam with Ajax, Ten Hag has focused his efforts on improving the players at his disposal whilst also unearthing several young stars from the club's academy - a conveyor belt of talent. That's why many consider him to be the perfect fit for United, who have exhausted all avenues in the post-Sir Alex Ferguson era. Ten Hag's innovative methods would now represent a welcome getaway following one of the worst seasons in the club's history. Despite that, there is no getting away from the fact United do need to invest to revamp their starting XI. READ MORE: Declan Rice 'has preference' between Chelsea and Man Utd transfer as £150m price-tag set With Ten Hag expected to stick with his favoured 4-3-3 system if he lands the role, there are currently only five guaranteed starters - showcasing the work that needs to be done. David de Gea has established himself as the club's No 1 goalkeeper again and Dean Henderson is expected to move on after losing his place in the side. Although United could probably sign an upgrade on the Spaniard, he is expected to remain between the posts. Raphael Varane is the only definite starter in defence, although Harry Maguire and Luke Shaw could also be called upon once again. DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt The French World Cup winner is United's best central defender - while Maguire continues to endure a rough ride. It's an area where United do need to improve and given the quality of Varane, there is no guarantee Maguire will start or even be captain. Ten Hag favours attacking football, which is why Alex Telles could potentially benefit from his appointment as Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Diogo Dalot continue to battle it out at right-back. With Bruno Fernandes set to ink a new long-term contract, the Portuguese will be central to Ten Hag's plans if he landed the role. The playmaker has produced remarkable numbers since arriving in January 2020 from Sporting and his productivity will prove key for United moving forward. Jadon Sancho is Ten Hag all over, a skilful dribbler and creator capable of feeding United's frontline. It's been a difficult start for the former Borussia Dortmund man at Old Trafford but he is set to go from strength to strength from here on in. Finally, providing he is at the club, Cristiano Ronaldo will be expected to lead the line for United - even if it's just for one more season. The seasoned veteran still has more to give at the top level and with United in need of a midfielder and some more defenders, a striker will not be top of their to-do list. Ronaldo will also want to sign off with a trophy at United before moving on to whatever comes next...