Agent Jessica Knight (played by Katrina Law) only just joined the CBS crime series last year, and almost immediately became a new fan-favourite. Now a permanent member of NCIS’s main cast, is her time on the long-running primetime drama already coming to an end? The latest promo for NCIS season 19 has teased a dangerous encounter for the task force’s new field agent, Knight. After picking back up with Leroy Gibbs’ (Mark Harmon) former neighbour Phineas (Jack Fisher) on Monday night, the hit drama will return with episode 16, The Wake, next week. This episode will put the agents’ true-crime podcast knowledge to the test when they go in search of a famous missing teacher. However, the latest teaser trailer also revealed a potentially life-threatening situation for Agent Knight when she confronts an armed suspect. READ MORE: Alexander Vlahos age: How old is Outlander’s Allan Christie star? Knight takes matters into her own hands and confronts the man herself, while Tim McGee (Sean Murray) and Director Vance (Rocky Carroll) survey the scene outside. “The suspect has a gun,” McGee tells Vance. “But she says she has the situation under control.” The brave agent takes the stairs with her pistol raised, and soon reaches the man looking distressed and cowering in the corner. He lifts his gun and Knight yells “No!” and leaps forward. A gunshot is then heard as McGee and the police are shown looking shocked outside the house. The trailer doesn’t make it clear if the man intends to shoot Knight - or himself - but things certainly don't seem to be under control. Knight’s distressed shout indicates he could be suicidal and the agent is trying to prevent him from using the gun to take his own life. However, the trailer cuts away before we find out where the suspect is about to aim. DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul fans ‘rumble’ identity of season 6 mystery man [THEORY]Yellowstone’s Beth Dutton star admits backstory was hidden [INTERVIEW]Dancing On Ice fix row as fans blast double elimination [REACTION] The gunshot could, instead, be a misdirect and Knight could potentially be held hostage. If this is the case, McGee and his team of officers will have to scramble into action to ensure his colleague is retrieved safely. Alternatively, the suspect could have managed to land a shot on Knight herself, which could put her out of action for several episodes. Thankfully, it’s unlikely for Knight to be killed in the altercation, as there has been no word of series regular Katrina departing the series any time soon. NCIS invariably announces a cast member’s departure way ahead of time, and, as one of the team’s newest agents, Knight is expected to stick around for at least a few more seasons. However, confronting an armed suspect one-on-one is no small feat, even for a trained field agent. If the encounter goes sideways, the task force could find themselves down an agent for several missions to allow time for Knight’s recovery. NCIS season 19 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.