Conor Gallagher has been given a huge incentive to stay at Chelsea by Gareth Southgate. The England boss gave Gallagher a chance to impress on the international stage on Saturday by naming him to start for the Three Lions against Switzerland. The 22-year-old impressed in his second England game, winning man of the match as they claimed a narrow 2-1 win. That follows on from his starring role on loan at Crystal Palace from the Blues this season. Gallagher is expected to return to Stamford Bridge at the end of the season, having become a key player for the Eagles. But there is some doubt over whether he will be handed substantial game time by Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel. The German has settled on a midfield duo of N'Golo Kante and Jorginho, with Mateo Kovacic also featuring regularly. Whether there is a space for Gallagher remains to be seen, but his move to Selhurst Park is likely to be the final loan of his development. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel sent Conor Gallagher warning by Southgate Palace is the fourth loan club of Gallagher's career, with the midfielder having demonstrated an ability to more than hold his own against the likes of Manchester City. He has impressed as one of the regulars in Patrick Vieira's side, but Southgate believes he will continue to develop even if he becomes more of a bit-part player back at Chelsea. “In the end we have to pick and react off what we see at club level and Conor’s experiences at Charlton, Swansea, West Brom and Crystal Palace have been brilliant for him. So if he goes somewhere else next season or stays at Chelsea, I’m sure he’ll keep developing," he said. DON'T MISS: Kane sends Rooney warning as he closes in on England record (NEWS)England beat Switzerland: Five things we learned as Three Lions win (ANALYSIS)England must have 'tremendous confidence' for Qatar 2022 - Southgate (INSIGHT) “He’s got a fabulous mindset, which is the key. He’s a player that will maximise his potential because of his mentality. He looks like one of those who, whatever hurdles are in front of him, he’s going to break them down. I’d be very optimistic about how he would respond to any decision that is made.” Following his man of the match display against Switzerland, Gallagher is expected to start again against the Ivory Coast on Tuesday. Following that friendly, there will only be six Nations League matches for Gallagher to impress at international level before this winter's World Cup.