Traffic is stopped on the M25 clockwise in Essex between J27 (M11) and J28 (Brook Street Interchange) following a collision involving two vehicles. Though recovery has been arranged, there is congestion over nearly 10 miles, with National Highways asking motorists to consider alternative routes. It comes shortly after severe delays earlier on Monday due to an accident involving a lorry and an overturned vehicle. After the M25 between J27 and J28 was held both ways to allow the air ambulance to land following a collision, causing long queues from around 3.14pm to 4.05pm, a second incident blocked the road route again. National Highways said their traffic officers had moved the involved vehicles onto the hard shoulder at around 7.14pm. But less than an hour later, a third collision stopped the road again clockwise. READ MORE: Carer who raped 99-year-old victim in Blackpool jailed for life National Highways said: "Recovery has been arranged. "There's 5 miles of congestion on approach. Allow extra time for your journey." Travel monitor site Inrix said of the first congestion: "M25 anticlockwise closed, stationary traffic due to accident, a lorry and an overturned vehicle involved from J28 A12 (Brentwood / Brook Street Roundabout) to J27 M11 J6. Congestion to J2( (Romford for Anticlowise traffic and to the Holmesdale Tunnel for Clockwise traffic. "Further delays along the M11 back to Harlow as traffic diverts. "All traffic was held just before 14:55. "The road has now been closed anticlockwise with all traffic held clockwise while an air ambulance attends the scene." Essex Police called for witnesses of the collision or for anyone with dash cam footage to get in touch online https://www.essex.police.uk or using the Live Chat button to speak to an online operator between 7am and 11pm. DON'T MISSOne dead and two injured after two cars collide near Asda [INSIGHT]Road ripped apart in scenes 'like an earthquake' [IMAGES]Mum says mouldy council flat forcing her to share sofa bed with 3 kids [REPORT] Traffic caused by the second incident was released around 6pm and all lanes re-opened clockwise between J27 and J28, Highways England said. It warned, however, of "severe delays" of more than an hour and a half, as there continue to be nine miles of congestion back to J25. Essex Police has been approached for comment. Monday's M25 collisions follow a five-car crash anticlockwise at J12 M3 in Surrey on Sunday. A spokesperson for Inrix said: "Two lanes are closed and there are four miles of queueing traffic due to an accident, five cars involved on the M25 anticlockwise at J12 M3. "There is congestion to J13 for Staines and queues on the other side as people slow to look. "Travel time is over 20 minutes. Lanes two and three (of three) are closed."