The extra cost of fuel and road tax over five years for the owner of a petrol or diesel car could be as much as £5,000, a major reason behind the record sales of electric vehicles (EVs) in the UK which have climbed 75 percent in the past year. While EVs do currently cost more than traditionally fuelled cars, despite a Government grant for those costing under £35,000, the spiralling cost of petrol and diesel is shortening that gap. And with no road tax payable on EVs the costs saved over the typical five years of ownership are huge. An average family car doing a typical 7,500 miles a year will cost around £900 more in petrol than the equivalent amount of electricity, even taking into account recent energy price rises. James Andrews, a spokesperson from money.co.uk, spoke to Express.co.uk about some of the benefits of going electric. READ MORE: How motorists can save on fuel costs by driving with a bowl of water He said: “Switching to an electric car or van means zero emissions from the vehicle, cheaper road tax as well as escaping charges for emission zones in cities. “But there’s no denying the range limitations, longer charging time and generally higher purchase prices. “So make sure you should weigh up your options against petrol/hybrid vehicles to see which is most suited to your specific needs.” There are also fears that the charging network in the UK is not fit for purpose to deal with the enormous amount more EVs on the road. DON'T MISSDad's fury as 'holidaying' stranger parks car on his driveway for days [SHOCKING]Drivers react with fury to city banning petrol and diesel cars [COMMENT]Grants extended as drivers could save £16,000 on an electric vehicle [INSIGHT] James said: “Although electric vehicles are becoming more common, access to rapid chargers is still harder than finding a petrol station. “While millions will be able to charge at home or at work, if that’s not an option you need to make sure you have public points available nearby before you commit to a purchase.” With petrol and diesel prices hitting historic levels of 165p per litre and 176p per litre respectively, many drivers are looking at alternatives. Those include cars that require less fuel or are at least semi-battery powered. James added: “If you aren’t sure if you can commit to a 100 percent electric vehicle yet, hybrid vehicles could bridge the gap while the infrastructure and technology develop further. “You don’t need to solely rely on charging points and hybrids still emit less pollution than conventional petrol cars.” There is also still a Government grant on offer for many EVs, although at £1,500 it’s considerably less than the original £5,000. This year the grant of £350 toward the installation of a home charger was also scrapped. But the Government has announced that the sale of all petrol and diesel cars will be banned by 2030, and many manufacturers are racing to get ahead. Most major brands have announced that they will have an all-electric fleet by the end of the decade. VW Group announced this week that many of its EVs are completely sold out until 2023. In 2021, the group sold about 762,400 plug-in electric vehicles (up 81 percent year-on-year), including 452,900 all-electric (up 95.5 percent year-on-year).