March is a pivotal time for British gardens as the first signs of spring begin to appear. New growth is emerging from lawns, shrubs and for many, seasonal blooms are beginning to flower. With so much to see in your garden, there is a long list of jobs to get done throughout the season. These are the five tasks to start with this weekend. Pruning is one of the most important tasks to get done early in the month, and tending to your flowers is a great place to start. Clean up your secateurs and begin pruning your roses ahead of their blossoming period. You should also cut down dogwoods, willows, continus and paulownia right down to the base to promote “vigorous new growth”, says Gardeners’ World. Other pruning tasks include: A light deadhead is also necessary to remove: READ MORE:Amanda Owen: Inside Our Yorkshire Farm star’s home The warmer weather is slowly heating up the soil which means there are plenty of plants to begin planting straight into the ground. Gardeners’ World recommends: You can also begin to sow native wildflower seeds in trays or modules to rewild your summer garden. As the last of the winter weather fades away, it’s the perfect time to refresh your garden with some essential tidying. Removing established and newly-germinating weeds from borders and cutting back overgrown shrubs to maintain a neat structure. Patios, decking and garden furniture are all ready for a deep clean too, so be sure to give your furnishings a much-needed hose in the Sunday sunshine. DON'T MISS:When does spring start? How to prepare your garden for this key date [REVEAL]Monty Don shares how to get healthy grass in March [EXPERT]Gardening jobs to do in March - ‘prevent’ weeds and kill moss now [ANALYSIS] New growth can make established plants rather hungry, so now is a good time to resume a watering and feeding schedule to keep them strong. Feed ericaceous shrubs, such as rhododendrons, azaleas, camellias and pieris, with an ericaceous fertiliser. Gardeners’ World also recommends a generous scattering of general-purpose fertiliser over flowerbeds, and around roses, shrubs and hedges. Use chicken pellets or a natural alternative to feed growing brassicas and give your blackcurrant bushes a pre-summer nitrogen feed. If your lawn is looking a little overgrown, the time has finally come to give it a much-needed trim. While winter mowing is not advised, an early spring mow is fine to do if you’re dealing with tall, bendy blades of grass. Start by cutting the edges to refresh the sharp perimeter of your lawn and finish with an all-over now. Always make the first mow a gentle one by keeping the grass relatively high until the growing season is in full swing. Over-cutting your grass could leave it looking patchy and bare rather than green and luscious, so go lightly on the mowing this weekend.