However, some reactions to the life-saving medication can in itself be troublesome. Do not keep quiet and just get on with it if the following signs appear. For instance, the Mayo Clinic advises seeking "medical attention" if you experience hives, itching, or a skin rash. Hive-like swellings can appear on the face, eyelids, lips, throat, hands, legs, and feet. Additionally, any "blistering, peeling, or loosening of the skin" should also be looked at by a healthcare professional. Do watch out for any "red lesions" that have a purple centre sore too. There are numerous statins you can be prescribed, the NHS assured. Thus, if you experience troubling side effects on the skin, do speak to your doctor. READ MORE: Matthew McConaughey health: – 'I have more hair now than I had in 1999' – star's top tip Other statins include: If one statin doesn't work for you, another one might be better tolerated. The dosage of statin can also be adjusted, which is why speaking to your doctor about any troubling side effects is worthwhile. "Many people who take statins experience no or very few side effects," the NHS added. However, some people might experience diarrhoea, nausea, or a headache. Other "common side effects" might include: dizziness, constipation, indigestion, farting, and sleep issues. However, statins are mostly tolerated well by others leading to no issues. In addition to statins, one must lead a healthy lifestyle, which requires a few golden guidelines. Firstly, to help lower cholesterol levels, eating a "healthy, balanced diet" is key. Secondly, people need to exercise "regularly" and maintain a healthy weight. Thirdly, alcohol limits should be upheld, which is 14 units weekly or less. And, fourthly, any smokers must give up the unhealthy habit that can contribute to high cholesterol. If you have been prescribed statins, and you lead a healthy lifestyle, you should not stop taking the medication unless otherwise told to do so by your doctor. The NHS stated: "A review of scientific studies into the effectiveness of statins found around one in every 50 people who take the medicine for five years will avoid a serious event, such as a heart attack or stroke." By not taking statins you are at serious risk of a life-threatening event. As such, do speak to your doctor if you are finding it difficult to take your medication.