The political commentator hit back at caller Joan from London after she compared the European Union to the USSR. She claimed that some British MPs had tried to overturn the vote of the British people for Brexit as Russia is trying to prevent Ukraine from maintaining its independence. The debate came as Boris Johnson sparked backlash for comparing the plight of Ukrainians for freedom from invading Moscow and Britons demanding the Brexit vote be respected. Joan said: "When Remain lost, nearly 500 MPs and that corrupt Speaker colluded with the 27 countries in the EU to delay implementation of the results. And ultimately to stop it." Owen Jones hit back: "Those MPs were democratically elected by the British people. "This is where your whole analogy falls down because the European Union is a voluntary association. "The USSR was a dictatorship which was based on domination by dictatorial and totalitarian means." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S BREXIT LIVE BLOG He continued: "We voted to leave and we left. The reason there was a long delay wasn't because the EU stopped us from leaving is because there was a debate amongst democratically-elected members of Parliament about what leaving should look like." But Joan lamented that the Remain side continued to protest the results of the referendum: "In the end, they had placards, they had groups of people demonstrating." Mr Jones cut in: "That's democracy. In a democracy, people have a right to wave placards." But Joan hit back: "Exactly, and that is what Putin is doing. He is attacking a democracy of a sovereign country just like the EU." READ MORE: Russian ambassador's chilling warning to NATO with hint at 'plans' for Croatia Addressing the Conservative Party's Spring Conference, Boris Johnson said: "I know that it's the instinct of the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom, every time. "I can give you a couple of famous recent examples. "When the British people voted for Brexit in such large, large numbers, I don't believe it was because they were remotely hostile to foreigners. It's because they wanted to be free to do things differently and for this country to be able to run itself." The comments sparked a sizable backlash from both UK and EU political figures. DON'T MISS:Spanish property boom for wealthy Britons as ‘Iron Curtain' lifted [INSIGHT]British expats’ fury at ‘smelly and discoloured’ water in Spain [ANALYSIS]British expats in Spain ‘victims of fraud’ but can't take it to court [OPINION]  But despite the criticism, a spokesman from the Prime Minister said on Monday he will not apologise for his comments. The spokesman said: "There was not a direct comparison made between fighting in Ukraine (and Brexit) ... they're not directly analogous. "He was making observations about people's desire for freedom." The spokesman said Johnson did not regret his phrasing and wouldn't retract the comment.