The current retirement age in France is 62, and in certain cases, as low as 55 years old. Under the plans, the incumbent President who is seeking a second term in office will look to increase the pension age to 65 years old.  Sparking a furious reaction, Florian Philippot, President of “Les Patriotes” and supporter of Frexit took to Twitter to vent his anger. He wrote: “Macron wants to push the retirement age to 65! “This is exactly the demand of the European Union! “If he is re-elected, crazy Macron will destroy everything: let's stop him!  Adding a second tweet, Mr Philippot said: “So the Euro-macronist project is to work until 65, without heating, showing a Vaccine Pass to take a train, go to a restaurant, or go to a hospital will continue to close beds? Is that it?” With Presidential elections due to take place in April, rival candidates have taken the opportunity to make promises of their own over the retirement age debate. Socialist candidate and current Mayor of Paris Anne Hidalgo said: "I will guarantee retirement at 62 years.” According to several sources, Mr Macron has hesitated a lot, but it is the economic situation that has prompted him to opt for 65-year-old retirement age.  READ MORE:French election 2022: Can anyone beat Emmanuel Macron? According to the Conseil d'orientation des retraites, (the pensions watchdog of France), the pension system has a deficit of more than 10 billion euros per year. The health crisis has also worsened the accounts of the social security system and the war in Ukraine promises to damage economic growth. Mr Macron, therefore, wishes to find budgetary leeway in this way in order to preserve the pensions of retirees. According to sources in Les Echos, confirmed by Richard Ferrand, the implementation of the reform would be spread over nearly ten years, with four additional months of contributions for each generation. This new formula of pension reform is a way to achieve savings more quickly. Pensions represent the first item of public expenditure, at 327.9 billion euros in 2019, or 13.5 percent of GDP.  DON'T MISS:EU set to fudge Ukraine membership request [REPORT] Putin warned of direct NATO action if Russia uses Chemical Weapons [INSIGHT]ISIS hails Putin war in tribute to Ukraine horror [REVEAL] On December 15, 2021, Mr Macron indicated on TF1 the French should "work longer". According to one participant, the current president said he intended to carry out "an ambitious pension reform for a social model that will hold, but which also requires an investment in solidarity between generations and a project for autonomy". The current anger towards Mr Macron’s pension plans is not the first time he has come under fire over the topic. In early 2020, thousands of protesters took to the streets to protest pension reforms. Reforming the pensions was one of President Macron's promises and there are three primary proposals of the pension reform plan. The first was to create a universal state retirement plan, which would replace the 42 individual retirement plans that exist in France. The second, a "points system", to give a pension in proportion to the contributions paid. The third was to "improve the pensions of the most disadvantaged."  More than 800,000 workers from a wide range of professions demonstrated against the changes. Some cities saw clashes between protesters and police. The violence seen was a repeat of the Yellow-Vest movement which started off following a fuel-price hike, once again, seeing protesters and police clash across the hexagon. With elections on the horizon, Mr Macron is widely expected to win a second term in office, with IFOP polls suggesting first-round results will see Mr Macron take 31.5 percent of the vote. Marine Le Pen is expected to come in second with 18.4 percent, followed by Eric Zemmour at 12 percent. With the far-right split between Ms Le Pen and Mr Zemmour, should one of them stand down, a united far-right electorate could pose a significant threat to Mr Macron’s office in the Elysée Palace. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega 