On Monday, Mr Gove, Housing and Communities Secretary, announced a scheme offering £350 a month to UK residents willing to home a Ukrainian. But Labour MP Mike Kane pointed out several people, including ITV UK editor Paul Brand, tweeted they were struggling to access the website as it kept crashing. Mr Gove explained the scheme in the House of Commons. But, as he answered questions from fellow, MPs he was left red-faced after reports emerged of people struggling to log on. Mr Kane asked the Secretary of State: “The web page to volunteer to sponsor Ukrainian refugees has gone live. “The ITV journalist Paul Brand has just reported that it doesn’t work and the site can’t be reached.” Backbenchers could be heard laughing at this point, with some Tories disputing the claim. Mr Brand tweeted an image of the broken page and said: “Michael Gove says the scheme has now gone live online. “But this is what you get if you click on it. Oh dear.” Mr Gove responded: “Well, I’m very grateful to the honourable gentleman for his real-time update.  “I’m sorry if Paul Brand’s internet connection is wonky, it seems as if the connection for my honourable friend the member for Rutland and Melton is superior. “She just signed up.” Mr Brand later tweeted he could get onto the website - but after 30 minutes. He said he hoped it was because there were many Brits wishing to take part in the scheme. The new refugee scheme will help UK citizens take in Ukrainians fleeing the country by providing them £350 tax-free payments per month. Those taking part can take in as many Ukrainians as they want. They will be allowed to work and use public services for up to three years. The scheme also requires a commitment of at least six months - and those taking part will have to name the refugee they want to sponsor. Local authorities will receive further support from the Government per refugee - which will come to around £10,500 per Ukrainian. DON'T MISS: Infighting in the Kremlin shows Putin 'losing touch with reality' [ANALYSIS] Brave Russian protesters defy Vladimir Putin's brutal crackdown [REPORT] Fox News presenter claims Biden is befriending Putin [REACTION]  Refugees will be vetted and those wishing to take part can apply online. The scheme expands on the current UK process where Ukrainians with close family ties are allowed to settle in the UK. However, the Government has been criticised for not doing enough to process visas - as only 4,000 have been approved so far. In the first few days of the invasion, the UK had only processed a dozen or so applications while visa restrictions were waived in Europe. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps told Sky News that President Zelensky has told the UK Government he does not want to see Ukrainians settle far away from the country. 