Dessert parlour owner Harpreet Kaur became Lord Alan Sugar's business partner on Thursday night's final of The Apprentice. The 30-year-old entrepreneur was renowned for her no-nonsense approach to business and "directness" with fellow candidates throughout the series. However, Harpreet recently spoke out about her softer side and revealed an "emotional" reunion was never aired on the BBC One programme. Harpreet was hired by business magnate Lord Sugar who promised to invest £250,000 into her dessert company which is called Oh So Yum. She was up against 29-year-old online pyjama store owner Kathryn Burn who gracefully accepted Lord Sugar's decision after narrowly missing out on his investment. In a first for the series, Lord Sugar will be going into business with Harpreet as well as her sister Guvinder Kaur who is a co-owner of the company. Ahead of the final airing on television, Harpreet told Express.co.uk and other media about how it felt to win the challenging competition.  READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle and Rhona Goskirk leave village She explained: "There are a lot of cameras around as it’s a massive production and silly me didn’t realise I was going on a TV show nine million people were watching. "So when I got there it was a shock to my system as well that I was on camera and everyone was watching every single move and everything you say matters. "I think that was the biggest shock for me through the process. It’s an entertaining TV show so viewers want to see the most extreme side of our personalities. "I have grown up watching this show and that is the part everyone enjoys. People making calm decisions makes boring TV right?"  The businesswoman, who has now watched the entire series back, said: "It’s very interesting to watch it back because I hope people realise that is not the only side to my personality. "We were stressed, it was intense and I really wanted to win so I was laser-focused. "It was interesting to watch because I didn’t realise that I came across that way. "I didn’t realise how direct I am but I am not going to lie, I am not going to change it." DON'T MISS...The Apprentice finalist details 'exhaustion' struggles while filming  [EXCLUSIVE]The Apprentice candidate unveils 'scariest' interviewer 'Very intense' [LATEST]The Apprentice winner admits 'two endings' were filmed [UPDATE] While Harpreet admitted she had an "all guns blazing" approach to winning the series, she was brought to tears in the final. During the final, Kathryn and Harpreet were greeted by the eliminated candidates who offered to help them with their last ever task. They offered to assist with the branding and made adverts for Harpreet and Kathryn's businesses. Reflecting on the moment they were reunited with the others, Harpreet said: "Me and Kathryn actually got a little emotional and had a little cry but that was not shown on TV."  She said they cried because it felt special to be supported by everyone as "they were friends coming back". She added: "They left us, it was like they left us to it so when they came back it was like, ‘Yes, come and help us’. "We were just so happy to see them again as we needed the help and just felt more supported that way with them." The Apprentice episodes can be streamed on BBC iPlayer. 