The Duke of Cambridge mentioned the ongoing war in Ukraine during the couple's last engagement in the country. In his speech, he recalled a famous address made by Her Majesty in 1994 focused on freedom and democracy. William stressed the importance of citizens aiming for a common goal as Ukrainians unite to battle Russian President Vladimir Putin's forces. Speaking during a reception hosted by Froya Tzalam, the Governor-General of the Caribbean nation, Prince William said: "She [the Queen] said, 'I am proud to associate myself with your determination that social justice and personal freedom should flourish under the rule of law. "'It is always dangerous, however, to be complacent and to assume that democratic values will look after themselves. "'Vigilance in protecting them is needed'. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here "Her Majesty went on to say that, 'Most of all, democracy is safe-guarded by teamwork – the individual wills of all citizens, each pulling together towards the same objective'." The future King spoke in the shadow of the Maya ruins at Cahal Pech, near San Ignacio, while Kate stood at his side. Moving to the crisis in Ukraine, William said: "Sadly, elsewhere in the world, that vigilance is being tested today in Ukraine. "Belize has joined many others in condemning the invasion and standing up for the principles of international law, peace and security. READ MORE: Royal LIVE: Oscars threatened with boycott over Meghan and Harry "Today we think of those struggling in Ukraine and we stand with them in solidarity." This isn't the first time Kate and William have spoken about the Ukrainian crisis, sparked on February 24 after Putin ordered his troops to invade the neighbouring country. Two days after the invasion, the Cambridges issued a statement in which they recalled their meeting with Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky and his wife Olena at Buckingham Palace in 2020. In a tweet, the royal couple said: "In October 2020 we had the privilege to meet President Zelensky and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine’s future. "Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine’s people as they bravely fight for that future." Earlier this month, Kate and William also visited the Ukrainian Cultural Centre to learn more about the efforts in place to support Ukrainians. Kate and Prince William's trip to Belize came to an end on Monday, three days after their arrival. The tour had a rocky start, as a group of locals at the Indian Creek village staged a protest on Friday which forced the couple to cancel a planned engagement. The row centred on a "contested property" between residents of Indian Creek village and Flora and Fauna International (FFI), a conservation charity of which the Duke is a patron. Belize outlet Channel 7 also reported further discontent may have been caused by the landing site decided for the helicopter taking Kate and William to the destination of their engagement, amid claims residents had not been consulted. The Cambridges, who were meant to visit the local cocoa farm on Sunday, eventually visited a different farm in Hopkins. Today, Kate and William are to fly to Jamaica - where they are facing more protests. A planned demonstration is reportedly due to take place near the British High Commission in the island's capital, Kingston, on the day of Kate and William's arrival. The human rights coalition who, as reported by The Independent, is organising the protest - Advocates Network - has also penned an open letter to the monarchy, in which it called for an apology and reparations for slavery. Among the most prominent signatories, there is also one of Jamaica's longest-serving MPs, Mike Henry. The letter read: "We will not participate in your Platinum Jubilee celebration! "We see no reason to celebrate 70 years of the ascension of your grandmother to the British throne because her leadership, and that of her predecessors, have perpetuated the greatest human rights tragedy in the history of humankind. "We are of the view that an apology for British crimes against humanity, including but not limited to, the exploitation of the indigenous people of Jamaica, the transatlantic trafficking of Africans, the enslavement of Africans, indentureship and colonisation is necessary to begin a process of healing, forgiveness, reconciliation and compensation."