Fencing can take a beating throughout winter, with blustering winds and heavy rain leaving wooden panels looking worse for wear. While cleaning up the effects of the cold season might seem like a time-consuming job, there’s one DIY solution that can tackle everything from mud and dirt to foul-smelling mould. A generous helping of just three key ingredients will leave your entire fence gleaming, and this is how to make it. Painted and stained fences should be treated for stubborn mould, moss and mildew to prevent long term damage from ruining the wooden panels. While commercial cleaners are an easy way to wash your fence for spring, there is one foolproof solution you can make yourself for just a fraction of the price. Before cleaning your fence you should always start with a quick rinse to clean surface debris from the panels - but what’s next? READ MORE: Cleaning hacks: 6 surfaces you can clean with just one lemon Once you have rinsed the fence with a power washer or hose, it’s time to mix together your cleansing solution.You will need: Fill your clean bucket with the liquid ingredients and use a spoon or stirrer to combine the elements into a soapy solution.   Soak a large, clean sponge in the frothy solution and squeeze gently to release some of the excess liquid. Wipe the freshly rinsed fence from top to bottom using the soapy sponge. Work on a small section of the fence at a time to tackle stubborn dirt. You should rinse the sponge in between panels to make sure you apply plenty of the cleanser onto the dirty fence. DON'T MISS:How to remove brown stains from a toilet - 4 ways to shift limescale [INSIGHT]How to clean a shower cubicle - five things you should always do [REVEAL]Mrs Hinch fan shares 88p method to clean dusty skirting boards [ANALYSIS] Once you have completed one small section of the fence, rinse the panel with a garden hose before moving onto a new area. Continue to clean the fence with the solution and replace the cleansing liquid when it begins to appear dark in colour. You should use the same quantities each time you replace the bucket of fence wash. Repeat the scrub and rinse process until the entire fence has been washed down. Once your fencing is clean and clear of moss, mould and dirt, you should leave it to dry completely before doing any more updates to the panelling. Spring is a great time to refresh your wooden fencing with either a fresh coat or stain or a lick of paint, just make sure you wash it thoroughly before undertaking either of these seasonal jobs. For vinyl fences, you can use a flat mop to apply a detergent-based cleanser which will maintain the colour of the panels. Just combine one cup of powdered laundry detergent with one cup of dish soap and mix into one gallon of water.