White vinegar is a go-to product for the majority of cleaning tasks used in bathrooms, kitchens and anywhere in between. This pantry staple is unmatched for it’s stain removing and bacteria-fighting properties. However, despite it’s amazing properties, there are certain areas of the home this item should never be used on. Cleaning experts at Which explained how using white vinegar to clean household items can cause “damage”. They said: “A quick Google search on how to clean will bring up results hailing vinegar as a natural, non-toxic, sustainable and cheap store-cupboard cure-all for just about anything. “But while it’s good for cleaning some things, it could cause irreparable damage to others. “You could be causing serious and permanent damage to your home and your appliances.” READ MORE: How to clean your fridge with baking soda and white vinegar Despite what you may see online, you shouldn’t use anything acidic, whether vinegar or lemon juice, to clean mirrors. This is because it can seep behind the thin coating and corrode the silver backing that gives every mirror its shine. Instead use a non-corrosive, gentle cleaner along with a microfibre cloth. A quick read online for ‘“how to clean a dishwasher” will bring up results saying you can use vinegar in place of a dishwasher cleaner. DON'T MISS:White vinegar for cleaning: 5 things vinegar and baking soda can clean [INSIGHT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share hack to achieve the ‘softest’ towels [TIPS]Lawn care: How to mow your lawn to promote ‘healthy growth’  [EXPERT] Some also suggest using vinegar to descale your dishwasher, or recommend it as a rinse aid. But vinegar can tarnish the stainless steel insides of your dishwasher and deteriorate any rubber seals, such as the door seal, pump and drain pipe, potentially leading to leaking in the long run. What’s more, if vinegar mixes with salty residue during the cycle, it can discolour metal dishware and utensils. You shouldn’t ever have to worry about limescale if you use dishwasher salt as it softens the water, and in terms of rinse aid and dishwasher cleaner, stick with products specifically designed for this purpose as they are the best choice. While vinegar is a great way of flushing limescale out of your kettle, you shouldn’t use it to de-limescale your steam iron. It can permanently damage the inside of the iron by eating away at the protective coating inside and eroding the plastic, rubber and metal parts. Almost all irons should have cleaning instructions in the manual, so that’s a good place to check first of all. If your model has a self-clean function, in most cases all you’ll need to use is water. Just like with dishwashers, many claim you can use vinegar as a substitute for washing machine cleaner, but in reality it can damage your washing machine. Vinegar can corrode the plastic and rubber parts, potentially leading to leaks. So always invest in a dedicated washing machine cleaner. You may also see claims that you can use vinegar as a natural fabric softener that won’t leave any residue, but again it could affect how well your washing machine works in the long term.