The Queen celebrates her Platinum Jubilee this year, making her the first British monarch to mark 70 years on the throne. The monumental occasion will be marked throughout the year. Prince William, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge,Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, will all embark on Royal Tours this month. The monarch was crowned at the age of 25, over a year after the death of her father George VI, affectionately known as Bertie. Bertie was the youngest son of George V, the Queen’s grandfather.Royal author and historian Tracy Borman explained that the Queen had a “lovely relationship” with her grandfather. When the Queen was a toddler, George V gave her the nickname Lilibet — because she was unable to pronounce her name — this later became the influence for Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle’s daughter, Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor, who was born in June. But the Queen also had a sweet nickname for her grandfather, Ms Borman has revealed. She told Thursday’s episode of the Pod Save The Queen podcast: “He [George V] had this lovely relationship with our current Queen, because he made no secret of the fact he favoured his younger son who became George VI, the Queen’s father.“Our current Queen used to call him ‘Grandpa England’”.George VI’s predecessor was his eldest son, Edward VIII. Ms Borman claims that George V thought his eldest son was “completely unsuitable as King”. Edward VIII reigned as the British monarch from 20 January – 11 December 1936. His reign lasted for just under a year, making it one of the shortest reigns in British history at just 326 days. The reason behind the abrupt end to his reign was his love for and wish to marry Wallis Simpson, a soon-to-be-divorced American woman.His shock abdication sparked a major constitutional crisis for the Royal Family.Ms Borman claims it was this that overshadowed the reign of George V. She said: “I think he’s [George V] been overshadowed because he was followed by Edward VIII and the whole abdication crisis. “But George V was a fantastic character, he had the Duke of Edinburgh’s tendencies to make unguarded remarks and kind of be slightly punished for them. “He spoke his mind, but he also moved with the times, so his reign saw the first Labour prime minister — it was also the First World War and he became a great figure for that — he gave the first Christmas broadcast, much against his will because he said it’d ruin his Christmas having to do it and he established the tradition.” DON'T MISS:Queen absolutely 'thrilled' after monarch treated to special LA visit [REPORT] Queen almost ran out of money before ‘generous’ deal saved Firm [INSIGHT] Princess Beatrice's stepson Wolfie in heartbreaking remark [ANALYSIS] In the wake of his brother's abdication, Bertie took on the role of monarch, becoming King George VI in 1937. Knowing Elizabeth would one day be Queen, he began preparing her for the role at an early age. At the age of 14, she gave a now-famous radio broadcast to British children who had been evacuated from their homes due to World War II. She later joined the war efforts as a mechanic in the Auxiliary Territorial Service, and in 1942, she was made an honorary colonel in the Royal Army's 500 Grenadier Guards.By age 18, Elizabeth was named Counsellor of State, which allowed her to represent the UK when her father was abroad and unable to do so.On her 21st birthday, the now Queen swore an oath to the citizens of the British Commonwealth, one that she upholds to this day, to serve on their behalf for the duration of her life, “whether it be long or short.” Her Majesty’s historic reign will be celebrated throughout the year, with the main events happening over a four day weekend in June. This will include a service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral and a special live concert at Buckingham Palace. The Queen’s connection with her grandfather lived on through her nickname. She continued to use it as she grew up, and Prince Philip, who died in April last year, affectionately referred to his wife as Lilibet throughout their 73-year marriage. Her Majesty also reportedly signed notes to loved ones with the name, and poignantly a letter placed on the Duke of Edinburgh’s coffin was signed Lilibet.