Princess Diana and Prince Charles’ relationship is one of the most famous love stories of all time. People all over the globe will remember the couple’s wedding, watched by millions, and Diana’s engagement ring is one of the most valuable and iconic of all royal engagement rings. But what are the hidden meanings behind it?  Princess Diana’s engagement ring is now owned by Kate Middleton, who was given it by her husband-to-be, Prince William, before their wedding in 2011. An oval-shaped blue sapphire, the ring was made by London-based jeweller Garrard and picked out by Diana herself. Charles asked Diana to marry him in February 1981, during a private dinner at Buckingham Palace, and the late Princess was reportedly incredulous. “He said ‘will you marry me?’ and I laughed,” she told journalist Andrew Morton while being interviewed for her biography Diana: Her True Story. READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours She added: “I remember thinking, this is a joke, and I said ‘yeah, okay’, and laughed. He was deadly serious.” Diana chose a ring inspired by the sapphire and diamond Prince Albert brooch, given to Queen Victoria by her husband-to-be in 1840. Victoria went on to wear the brooch on the front of her wedding dress on her big day. Diana’s engagement ring is one of the most famous jewellery pieces in the world, according to some jewellery experts, but a little-known fact is that the late Princess’ choice was controversial. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to remove mould from shower tiles 'without scrubbing' [UPDATE]How to grow the biggest hydrangeas - Pruning, mulching and watering  [TIPS]How to clean green marks off your fence - and keep them off [INSIGHT] Diamond expert Max Stone from jewellers Steven Stone told Express.co.uk: "Princess Diana's engagement ring is undoubtedly one of the most famous pieces of jewellery in the world. “The stunning ring features a 12ct Ceylon sapphire, surrounded by 14 halo diamonds.” Max went on to explain the controversy surrounding the ring, saying: “It is believed to have sparked controversy within the Royal Family, as it broke royal tradition. “The ring was featured in Garrard's jewellery catalogue, meaning anyone could purchase Diana's engagement ring (for £47,000).” In line with tradition, the Royal Family’s engagement rings are bespoke designs that nobody else in the world can copy. According to Max, the Firm “didn't want Diana to have a ring that was also available to the public”. However, the late Princess of Wales was always one to break the rules. In 1985, Diana confessed in an interview: “I do things differently, because I don’t go by a rule book, because I lead from the heart not the head.” As well as being one of the most famous engagement rings of all time, Diana’s jewel is also one of the most valuable. Max explained: “Although Diana's ring was purchased for £47,000, it’s now over six times more valuable, with an estimated value of £300,000.” As for the wedding day itself, Diana wore a dress designed by husband and wife David and Elizabeth Emanuel. It was ivory-coloured and featured short, puff sleeves, a ruffled neckline, and a 25-foot train. Embellished with 10,000 mother of pearl sequins and pearls, the gown reportedly cost an estimated £90,000. In keeping with a royal tradition that dates back to 1923, Diana and Charles’ wedding rings were crafted from Welsh gold from the Clogau St. David’s mine in Bontddu.