Liverpool's man of the moment Diogo Jota admitted he feared he was offside after notching what proved to be the winning goal for the Reds in the 1-0 triumph at Nottingham Forest. The Portuguese international, who is now on 18 goals for the season, continued his fine form by getting on the end of Kostas Tsimikas' cross to the back post. The Greek international cut inside before feeding the ball into the danger zone, where Jota was on hand to turn home in front of the travelling supporters. But upon review, Jota looked to be offside on first viewing. However, following extensive checks, the former Wolves man was adjudged to be onside meaning the goal stood. It was enough to book Liverpool's place in the last four, where they will meet Manchester City in April. READ MORE: Liverpool 'exploring Raphinha transfer' despite signing Luis Diaz due to Leeds clause Speaking to ITV Sport after the game, Jota made it clear he feared he was offside despite celebrating passionately. "Yeah, I thought it was tight. They had one big, big chance," Jota said. "They gave us a proper challenge and their fans were outstanding. But we are in semi-finals. "It was obviously a tough game. They [Forest] are a great team and play with lots of intensity and they gave us proper fight." Jota also hinted that the Liverpool players did not know they would be playing Premier League title rivals City in the semi-finals. The draw was made ahead of kick-off after City's comfortable 4-1 win on the road at Southampton. He added: "I didn't know! OK, it's another tough game. One more. There are still a lot of games before then." Crystal Palace will also face Chelsea after they thrashed Everton 4-0 at Selhurst Park. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Jurgen Klopp was delighted with yet another important contribution from Jota, who has been one of Liverpool's standout performers this season. "It was a difficult one to finish off. He is a proper striker. Absolutely great," the German said. "That was a proper cup match. Massive compliment for Steve Cooper and his team. "We should have played better but they made it really difficult. They had moments but then we went 1-0 up. We came though and I'm really happy."