Novak Djokovic has been backed to defeat Rafael Nadal at the French Open for a third time in 2022. The Serbian has been given the green light to defend his title in Paris after initial uncertainty regarding his participation due to his unvaccinated status. The Serb has not played since his shock loss to Jiri Vesely at the Dubai Tennis Championships last month. However, he is set for a period of play on the clay, with events in Monte Carlo, Rome and Roland Garros on his schedule in the coming months. He will be well-rested and extremely motivated to get back on the court and be successful, leading Mats Wilander to think he will deny Nadal a 14th Roland Garros crown and claim a record-equalling 21st Grand Slam title, after he conquered the Spaniard in 2021. Djokovic is the only person to defeat Nadal at Roland Garros twice, with the first victory coming in 2015 before adding to that win last year. “He's going to be well rested in his mind, in his heart,” said Wilander. “Physically, he has been able to set up his training schedule perfectly, at least the way that he would want to. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal tipped for early injury return as French Open runner-up shares Barcelona hope   “Of course, he would have liked to play more matches, but if he gets to three tournaments and maybe [plays] 10 to 15 matches, he goes into Roland Garros as maybe the favourite to win the tournament.” Nadal, meanwhile, is recovering from a rib injury sustained at Indian Wells, and will be out of action for four to six weeks. Dr Angel Ruiz Cotorro said: "We're going to adapt the work in function of the pain. For now, the priority is to remove the pain. Once the pain's removed we'll be working as much as we can. With this in mind and the evolution it has, we'll see if we can shorten the time, though four to six weeks is quite logical.” Nadal enjoyed a career-best start to the season after returning from a foot injury, winning his first 20 matches which included titles in Melbourne, Acapulco and a record 21st Grand Slam at the Australian Open. But the Spaniard's run was stopped by American Taylor Fritz, who defeated him 6-3, 7-6 in the Indian Wells final to claim his first Masters 1000 title.