The Repair Shop’s Jay Blades, 52, was taken aback after meeting legendary actress Dame Judi Dench, 87. He took to Twitter to immortalise the moment with a snap after the pair worked together to raise funds for Comic Relief. Jay took to Twitter, where he has garnered 46,000 followers, to share a picture alongside his Comic Relief Night special guests. As well as with Dame Judi, Jay could be seen posing alongside comedians Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders. In the snap, Jay and his guests appeared in good spirits as they either sported the Comic Relief red nose or head boppers. Jay captioned the snap: "Good morning all. Look who I had the pleasure of working with the other day. READ MORE: Demi Rose stuns fans as she risks wardrobe malfunction “Still can’t believe it. See what we got up to on @comicrelief this Friday @BBCOne.” Fans of the BBC One programme were delighted to see such a stellar line-up for the special. Tlh_63 said: “Excellent can’t wait to watch it.” Reneeta12593601 added: “This made me laugh. Love your program can’t wait to see this one when will it be on telly.” (sic) AisJoe stated: “Jay that’s Royalty and comedy Royalty on one day.” (sic) Dawn and Jennifer are set to cause chaos in the Repair Shop workshop as they portray their characters from The Extras. The duo will be seen trying to blag a free fix from the team, with Jay and experts Julie Tatchell and Amanda Middleditch trying to avoid problems. Speaking about the importance of the Red Nose Day special, Dawn highlighted that ongoing projects need the support. DON'T MISS...Loose Women's Charlene White bids farewell after final episode news [LATEST]'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [UPDATE]Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [INSIGHT] She said: “I don't think we've ever said no to Comic Relief because it just is too important, and because it's from our community. “I know that the money is spent correctly and I know that there are projects that are ongoing that need us to be ongoing. “I wouldn't ever want to let anyone down,” Dawn concluded. Jennifer said the pair’s characters were “perfect” for The Repair Shop. She explained: “You know, I just thought, this is the show for us. “Then Comic Relief said we've got The Repair Shop and it was like the perfect thing. It was so perfect!" Jay described the episode as a “real treat”, urging fans to “watch it to see how funny it was.” Red Nose Day airs on Friday 18 March on BBC One and BBC iPlayer at 7pm