Martin Kemp was once a much-loved regular on the nation's TV screens, when he played Steve Owen in EastEnders. However, he announced today that he didn't always get the VIP treatment on set. If fans had been expecting the red carpet would be rolled out for Martin on the BBC drama, they would be sorely mistaken. He admitted that the set, which was built in 1984 and only intended to last for two years, was no longer fit for purpose by the time he debuted as his character Steve Owen in the late 1990s. The back-to-basics environment at Elstree Studios in Hertfordshire apparently hadn't been great at keeping the actors warm, leading to some days when he had to resist the temptation to shiver. "I remember really well we were told to chew on a piece of ice [onset]," Martin revealed on today's The One Show. READ MORE: Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby "[It was] to get rid of the steam coming out of your mouth [on camera] ... the old set was chilling!" He did, however, confess to fond memories of working there, admitting: "It was like a second home for me." Now, EastEnders staff have announced they are rebuilding the set from scratch, for the first time in 37 years - and that the change is long overdue. Production manager Rona McEndrick told Martin: "The old one was really not fit for purpose anymore. "It was made of wood and plastic!"  The challenge this year was to build an all-new reconstructed version which is "indistinguishable" from the previous one, but much more modern and practical to ensure the cast's greater comfort behind the scenes. However, Rona believes they have succeeded. Work has finally finished on a brand new Albert Square, nearly four years after bosses first attempted to bring their plans to fruition. It hasn't always run smoothly, after the original budget was exceeded by a jaw-dropping additional cost of almost £30 million. Filming has now begun on a more up-to-date - and almost certainly less teeth-chattering - version. £86.7 million later, the BBC promises that in the new environment, "writers, producers and directors have greater freedom to drive further creativity". "This is a new era for EastEnders!" Martin announced triumphantly. "I can't tell the difference - and I bet you can't too!" The One Show airs weeknights at 7pm on BBC One.