The rocket man singer has recently recovered from Covid-19, which he called a “wretched disease” in an NHS Covid vaccine advert last year. The star was forced to cancel two shows from his Farewell Yellow Brick road tour. But despite his recovery, he recently let down the celebrity world because of a “heartbreaking” announcement that he would not be able to attend his own AIDS Foundation Oscars party. When John was infected with the virus, he had only just returned to his tour from a two year hiatus from COVID-19. The star halted his Farewell Yellow Brick Road world tour, which started in 2018, in March 2020 after the start of the pandemic. He returned to the stage for a show in New Orleans on January the 19th this year, where he told the crowd he had “never had this amount of time off” since he started playing music. But a statement days after the event revealed that John, who it said was vaccinated and boosted, had to cancel two shows in Dallas. READ MORE: Susanna Reid health: 'There is no cure' - presenter on her battle with 'bad' condition   "It is with great regret that the Farewell Yellow Brick Road tour dates in Dallas set for Tuesday, January 25 and Wednesday, January 26 must be postponed due to Elton recently testing positive for COVID-19. "Fortunately, Elton is fully vaccinated and boosted, and is experiencing only mild symptoms. Fans should hold on to their tickets as they will be honoured at the rescheduled dates to be announced soon." He has been vocal about the disease, and pleaded people to “take precautions” for the disease since it began. When the pandemic began, he said: “Unfortunately, as all of you know, there has been this awful pandemic…which is extremely worrying and extremely dangerous if we don’t take precautions.”  “I would encourage you to stay at home, do what everyone tells you to do, take precautions, because I want you to be as safe as possible.” John featured in a light-hearted NHS advertisement where he pretended to have a vaccine for the disease he called “wretched”. People in England who are vulnerable to the disease, including people aged 75 and over, residents in care homes and people with weakened immune systems are now able to get a fourth covid jab. The announcement came after figures show rising covid rates in the country, including among over 75s.  A lot of people in the over 75s had their last vaccine in Autumn 2021, meaning that protection from the virus may be waning, according to experts. One study published in the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, found that the effectiveness of the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines dropped after four months. However, it was found to have a 66 percent effectiveness against emergency treatment and 78 percent effective against hospitalisation. It was also found in another study by ZOE Ltd and King’s College London funded by the Government found that the AstraZeneca jab also waned after four to five months. Its effectiveness fell from 77 percent to 67 percent.  Over seven million people are eligible for their second booster jab. Adults that can have the jab will receive either the Moderna or the Pfizer/BioNTech vaccine whereas young people between 12 and 18 will receive the Pfizer/BioNtech jab. Despite recovering from COVID-19, Elton John gave some “heartbreaking” news about not being able to attend his annual AIDS Foundation party. "It breaks my heart but I can't be there, because it's an event that means so much to us. So we have people like Lady Gaga, Billy Porter, Eric McCormack and the wonderful Brandi Carlile to help David [Furnish], my husband out,” he told Good Morning America. 