Ever since Russian dictator Vladimir Putin first threatened Ukraine, Britain has been generous in aiding the Ukrainians, whether with tank-destroying weapons and training or havens for refugees; whether with Government help or individual generosity. Two days ago, a 20-strong convoy of lorries packed with aid left Wrexham in Wales to journey to Ukraine, among dozens taking supplies from all corners of the UK. “I’ve had it up to here with people trying to suggest that this country is not generous,” minister Michael Gove told MPs yesterday. Hoping to cut back on the bureaucracy that initially hindered offers of refuge, it is the great British public helping to set a faster pace for government assistance by responding in their thousands to a request for rooms for families fleeing war. It may not seem as generous as Poland, which has taken in more than 1.7 million refugees from its neighbour, but as the lion-hearted Ukrainians defend their country, the military hardware we have provided is much appreciated by soldiers reportedly shouting “God Save the Queen” when one of our missiles destroys a Russian tank. That the invasion has not been as easy as Putin expected is demonstrated by the increasing brutality of his generals’ tactics, obliterating entire city centres to reduce resistance. Without doubt, it was the UK’s supply of anti-tank and anti-aircraft weaponry, sent before the invasion even began, that has given the Ukrainians the ability to slow down the Russian army. Indeed, some military experts believe that if the Ukrainians can hold out for a few more days or weeks, Putin’s lumbering war machine will fail. “They don’t have the time, they don’t have the manpower and I don’t think they have the ammunition,” says retired General Ben Hodges, former commanding officer of the US Army in Europe. “The West needs to accelerate the delivery of the capabilities Ukrainians need to destroy Russian long-range artillery and rocket launchers and missile sites.” With Britain leading the way, it is good to see Germany and the EU stepping up a supply of lethal arms to Ukraine. It is stirring also to hear of British former soldiers volunteering to help fight alongside Ukrainians. Sadly, it was the presence of this foreign legion and the supply of weapons from the West that encouraged the horrific missile assault on the military base at Yavoriv just 15 miles from the Polish border. British blood is now on Russian hands. Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky is desperate for us to provide air power too, and with the under-performance of the Russian army it seems likely Nato aircraft could swiftly dispatch them, bringing a quick end to the war. No-fly zones in Iraq, Bosnia and Libya proved effective in deterring murderous tyrants. Seeing President Biden scotch Poland’s initiative of sending their old MiG-29s to Ukraine because he feared it would escalate the war with a nuclear power makes one wonder whether a more robust wartime leader, such as Margaret Thatcher, would have called Russia’s bluff and sent in Nato aircraft anyway, knowing they would make quick work of Putin’s failing forces and drag him to the peace table. Vital time is being lost by not providing air cover, leaving Putin to blitz the Ukrainians into submission. Once their land is reduced to a smoking pile of rubble, all the help in the world won’t matter. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea With such a fate threatened, it seems unlikely that many Ukrainians will want to return to their homeland and they must be helped to forge a new life in Western Europe. Allowing them to live and work in the UK with a minimum of red tape will bring a welcome injection of dynamism to our economy. But the UK must match their faith in our freedom and democracy by doing everything we can to protect our way of life from foreign bullying. That means maintaining our armed forces with the most sophisticated weaponry and becoming energy independent, drilling for our own oil and gas so we don’t need fuel from foreign tyrants. It is a sign of the wonderful compassion shown by British people that despite inflation and sky-high household bills making life so difficult, they are still willing to open their homes to strangers fleeing the trauma of war. That is a truly generous nation.