The Duchess of Cambridge has changed into another Emilia Wickstead dress - this time in light blue. The royal has landed in the Bahamas, for the final leg of her Caribbean tour with Prince William. Royal fan @WomenofWindsor tweeted: "Kate looks so good."  The Duchess has accessorised a pair of Sezane earrings to go with her Emilia Wickstead dress. The 'Taylor' earrings as they are known, retail for an outstanding £100 and are turquoise in colour. They are gold plated brass earrings with light Platina, for a vintage look. Another fan, @cadimamartins said: "Another extraordinary look. READ MORE: Kate keeps Queen close to heart with symbolic brooch "Her hair looks amazing. Catherine is indeed the crown jewel." Twitter user @loveforcambridg added: "Ah love her new dress! "Honouring the host country's flag colour as always." Kate tied her beautiful long brunette locks into a ponytail so her beautiful earrings were on display. The Duchess is still wearing her Gianvito Rossi 105 pump heels from earlier. Kate is wearing them in the colour 'bisque'.  The heeled shoes retail at a whopping £560, and are a regular choice for the royal.  Her makeup is the same as it was when she departed Jamaica, with some brown eyeshadow and a pale pink lip. The neckline of Kate's turquoise Emilia Wickstead dress is based on the FW 2022 collection. The dress is clearly a customised version to pay homage to the Bahamas who will host the Cambridges for their final tour. William and Kate tweeted to their Twitter followers: "The Bahamas, excited to be here for the latest leg of our Caribbean tour." The Duke and Duchess later greeted members of the government and law enforcement shortly after arriving in the Bahamas. They arrived at the Office of the Prime Minister to pay a courtesy call on Prime Minister Philip Brave Davis. Royal fan @DarkSideoftMoon tweeted: "Looking great both. Love Catherine's dress and colour." Another fan, @justsomegymfan added: "Her fashion this tour is seriously some of the best looks we've seen from her."