Peter Crouch has urged Harry Kane to consider the career path of Michael Owen before making a decision over whether to leave Tottenham ahead of next season. The England skipper is tied down to Spurs until the summer of 2024 but has been linked with a big-money move elsewhere in advance of the upcoming summer transfer window. Manchester United are said to be keeping tabs on Kane, who is reportedly being eyed as a replacement for either Edinson Cavani or Cristiano Ronaldo at Old Trafford.The former is widely expected to leave on a free transfer in the summer, while Ronaldo is believed to be keen on seeking a new challenge if the Red Devils fail to qualify for next season's Champions League.United's interest in appointing Mauricio Pochettino as their next permanent manager is also likely to aid their hopes of landing Kane, who worked under the Argentine coach at Tottenham between 2014 and 2019.Meanwhile, Manchester City are believed to be weighing up a move for the 28-year-old after failing in their efforts to bring him to the Etihad Stadium last summer. The defending Premier League champions saw at least two nine-figure bids rejected by Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy in spite of the player's desire to make the switch happen. JUST IN: Antonio Conte agrees with Mourinho on 'best prospect' at Tottenham They have recently been tipped to go back in for Kane's services when the transfer market re-opens at the end of the season.Crouch has since weighed in on the situation by insisting that a move away from Tottenham may not be in Kane's best interests.The former Spurs forward believes that Kane could lose his legendary status at the club if he jumps ship for financial reasons in the near future. "I always think back to Michael Owen," wrote Crouch in his column for the Daily Mail. "He went and won things elsewhere but then he isn’t Steven Gerrard when he walks through the doors at Anfield. He could have been."Yet the flipside is looking at Robin van Persie or Teddy Sheringham. These guys chose to make their moves to Manchester United and it paid off with league titles."If you think I’m going round in circles, imagine what must be going on inside Harry’s head."However, Crouch went on to suggest that Kane would not be blamed for leaving Tottenham with the sole motivation of fighting for trophies between now and the end of his career."Harry will know that for a while he was miles off it," he continued. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE "But he has been the best player in the league over the last few weeks. His performances at City and Leeds have been the most enjoyable of anybody’s I’ve watched this season."Would Spurs fans begrudge him if he did go the same way as so many other players recently? No, I don’t think they would."If he were to leave, then it has to be a top club certain to win silverware and we will see whether City go back there or continue with their pursuit of Erling Haaland."Leaving for silverware, rather than money, would not burn bridges. I do still think City need him."Those big moments in Europe where you need to rely on a killer. That could be the difference." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here