High cholesterol is silent yet dangerous at the same time. High levels don’t necessarily show any symptoms while leading to heart disease and strokes. One way to lower your cholesterol is by opting for vegetable oils. If you’re not aware, high cholesterol describes the build-up of a fatty substance called cholesterol in your blood. Having too much of this deposit in your arteries can eventually cause a blockage and trigger severe health problems. The NHS reports that high cholesterol affects more than 40 percent of people in the UK. And what you eat and drink plays a crucial role for your levels. READ MORE: Covid booster jabs: Fourth Covid jab now available - how to get one and do you need it? Heart UK explains that cutting back on saturated fats and opting for their unsaturated counterparts represents a “great way” to lower cholesterol. From cheese to palm oil, saturated fats are packed in a variety of foods with most of them coming from animal sources, the NHS reports. While unsaturated fats are found in foods like fatty fish and avocados. The oils that are rich in good fats and able to lower your cholesterol are olive, sunflower, corn, rapeseed, nut and seed oils.  The specific type of cholesterol they are able to target is called low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, also dubbed as “bad”. This type is the culprit hiking your risk of cardiovascular problems. What’s more, research found that eating foods rich in unsaturated fats instead of saturated ones can also lower your risk of these conditions. There are two types of unsaturated fats - monounsaturated fats and polyunsaturated fats. Olive oil, in particular, highlighted for its heart health benefits belongs to the first category. The oil’s effects have been put down to its antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, according to the Harvard Medical School. Plus, the oil has been also linked to a lower risk of certain cancers and dementia. To enjoy the benefits, the British Heart Foundation recommends adding the oil into your meals as you would usually instead of taking it as a supplement. It’s important to remember that the maximum recommended fat intake for adults is set at around 70 grams daily. Heart UK shares to ditch coconut and palm oil because they are high in saturated fats. In fact, coconut oil has been shown to raise your cholesterol levels, according to the Mayo Clinic. Apart from cooking oils, another dietary addition that could help keep your levels in check is fibre, which can be found in fruits, vegetables, nuts and more.