Pension saving can often be challenging as Britons focus on the here and now - but it is commonly seen as essential. What people actually need for their retirement is likely to vary according to personal circumstances. However, for those who plan on living out their retirement without worry, there could be a magic number to aim towards. People need to have saved £375,676 for a comfortable retirement, according to analysis from Blacktower Financial Management Group. This will provide an annual income of £26,834 which is the amount needed to live comfortably in future. While millions of people work tirelessly in the hopes of a comfortable retirement, leaving the workforce is often feared due to lack of financial provision. READ MORE: State pension alert as Britons set to lose out ‘by £427’ London was uncovered as the top UK city for cash saving residents, with over 14 percent having saved the £375,676 figure for retirement. However, the research showed Belfast has been deemed the worst city in the UK for retirement savings. This is as 49 percent of residents have saved nothing at all towards their retirement. Blacktower stated 65 percent of Britons are currently worried about their financial stability in retirement. DON'T MISSState pension to rise in two weeks - but 500,000 may miss out [INSIGHT]‘It’s easy!’ Woman, 60, shares how she makes extra £200 [EXCLUSIVE]Woman, 70, fears worsening treatment of pensioners [ANALYSIS] It could mean many have to work longer or never stop work at all in order to support themselves. Some may have to abandon previous retirement dreams or goals to ensure they are financially supported. Consequently, the group has shared four key tips for Britons to make sure they are on track. Firstly, individuals should create a budget and stick to this to ensure they put money away to save and know how much they can spend weekly. Those who need extra help may benefit speaking to a financial adviser who could provide more tailored assistance. Next, paying off a mortgage can help Britons accelerate towards their retirement goals. By paying off this often substantial debt, individuals can eliminate a large monthly spend which can be redirected to their retirement fund. A third point of action is to discuss the matter with a spouse or significant other.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This makes sure both are on the same page. It also helps to avoid awkward discussions later down the line, and promote openness about finances. Finally, prioritising a pension rather than saving in the short-term will help Britons to get set up for later life.