The Liberal Democrats have put the Conservatives' former rural heartlands on notice ahead of their party conference this weekend. The party is poised to pass sweeping reform aimed at targeting the farming community that is “fed up with being taken for granted by the Government”. Liberal Democrat Farming Spokesperson and former Leader Tim Farron MP told Express.co.uk: “The Conservatives don’t understand farmers or what they do for our country. “Because of this they will see a revolt from farmers up and down the country as they have done nothing but take them for granted and ignore their concerns. “Farmers have been at the bottom of the pile with this Government constantly overlooked and ignored. “This May they have a chance to send a message and shake the Blue Walls rural routes to its core. “The Liberal Democrats are now the natural party of farmers, we want a fair deal for them. “That’s why our conference will see us give a direct pitch to them as people that keep our country going.” In a bid to support farmers, the Liberal Democrats have created a “Back British Farmers” party policy reform to boost rural communities. This involves reopening the terms of the Australia trade deal. They argue this is to prevent low-quality, low-cost Australian agricultural products from undercutting British standards and the UK’s agricultural industry. Mr Farron has also raised concerns about the New Zealand deal which he worries could undermine the UK's animal welfare practices. The final agreement should be delayed until these issues are resolved. The Liberal Democrats will be lobbying the Government to publish official impact assessments on the effect the Australia and New Zealand deal will have on farmers and commit to doing so for future trade deals. Another way they will be seeking to support farmers is by introducing new laws to ensure future trade deals and imported food does not undermine the UK’s standards. They argue the best way to make sure this happens is by giving Parliament a "meaningful vote" on future deals. The Liberal Democrats say they are "furious" that the Government is phasing out existing farm payments and have vowed to end this practice until the new ELMs scheme is fully ready. In December, farmers faced a five percent reduction in support payments, with some facing even larger cuts. This is despite the new system of support payments not being fully rolled out until 2028. It comes as the National Farmers Union has also launched a scathing attack on the Government calling the Conservatives policies on Farming “contradictory”. The push to win the farming community comes after the North Shropshire by-election which caused a political earthquake in true blue Shropshire. The Liberal Democrats came out on top in the North Shropshire contest with 47 percent of the vote, with the Conservatives finishing in a distant second on 32 percent. They vowed to repeat this victory during the May elections where eyes are on the Blue Wall. Rural heartlands such as Somerset, Herefordshire and Westmorland will be key battlegrounds for the Liberal Democrats and Conservatives. Liberal Democrat North Shropshire by-election winner Helen Morgan MP told Express.co.uk: “Here in Shropshire, farmers are the bedrock of our community. "During the by-election, they told me that they had been desperately let down by the Conservatives and wanted to send them a message they couldn't ignore. "They sent that message and now this Government is on notice - take farmers for granted at your peril.”