The Spy Who Loved Me is widely considered to be one of the best James Bond movies by fans. Alongside Barbara Bach, Caroline Munro played fellow Bond girl Naomi, a pilot and would-be assassin employed by the villainous Stromberg. And now in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the 72-year-old has shared the “naughty” little trick Roger Moore would play on set to help the cast and crew relax before a take. Caroline remembered the 007 star, who died in 2017, with great fondness from their time filming together in the mid-1970s. The Bond girl said: “I had the honour of working with Roger, one of the nicest men you could possibly meet. “Such a caring gentleman and so funny, very witty. Quick wit. And the crew loved him!” As for Roger’s humorous little trick, she shared: “He’d come on and say quite risqué naughty one-liners, but very harmless!” READ MORE: Johnny Depp: Jack Sparrow ‘will die off-screen in new Pirates movie’ Caroline continued: “Very sweet. He’d do it and people would smile and therefore they’d relax. It was very clever. “He was totally Bond. He was really in his stride, he really got James Bond, he was great. “Very charismatic and wonderful. He made a perfect Bond, he’ll always be my Bond, always. Nice, lovely man.” On The Spy Who Loved Me being known as one of the best 007 movies, she said: “I’ve heard this! Isn’t that lovely?” Caroline said: “That is such a great thing. It had a bit of everything…all the ingredients to make it a good film.” The 72-year-old also praised The Spy Who Loved Me’s Bond theme, Nobody Does It Better. The Naomi star commented: “It always gets played when you wander around the supermarkets. You suddenly hear the song and think, ‘Yes! That’s our song!’ I love it.” The Bond girl and Hammer Horror star was promoting her new Talking Pictures TV show The Cellar Club, which starts tonight at 9pm BST. DON'T MISSJames Bond: Regé-Jean Page cast as former 007 Roger Moore's The Saint [THE SAINT]Barbara Bach called Bond ‘chauvinist pig’ after The Spy Who Loved Me [BARBARA BACH]Roger Moore played James Bond in a 1964 sketch before Live and Let Die [ROGER MOORE] Caroline shared: “It’s very exciting because it’s such a different kind of show. To be asked to do it, I was absolutely delighted, what an honour really.” The weekly late-night Friday event sees the actress introduce each sci-fi/horror movie followed by a chat with a guest afterwards, before moving on to the next film. Tonight’s movies include 1959’s The Mummy starring Christopher Lee and Peter Cushing and 1960’s The Amazing Transparent Man. The Cellar Club with Caroline Munro broadcasts on Talking Pictures TV on Fridays at 9pm on Sky 328, Freesat 81, Virgin 445 and Freesat 306.