Samantha Markle is suing her half-sister Meghan for defamation over her Oprah Winfrey interview. But commentator Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu hit out at Samantha for taking legal action. Dr Mos-Shogbamimu tweeted: "Samantha Markle will lose her home and everything she has when she loses her suit against Meghan Markle and has to pay Meghan’s legal fees and damages. "Good. Shame on the lawyers filing this baseless lawsuit. "What a deeply evil jealous wicked half-sister." Dr Mos-Shogbamimu's tweet prompted a mixed reaction from other Twitter users. One Twitter user with the handle @steven_pop commented: "It’s so weird to me that her family (dad's side) can’t just let her live freely in happiness…they are obsessed with her!" Another, @Biola23297356, wrote: "Meghan is such a super star. She lives rent free in many people's head." But another user, @ireneoakl, said: "They’re getting a taste of their own medicine." One more with the handle @abermandy added: "Samantha is telling her truth." READ MORE: 'Royal-trashing whine-a-thon' Piers Morgan stands by Meghan Markle row In papers submitted to a court in Florida, Samantha accused Meghan of “defamation based on demonstrably false and malicious statements” during her and Prince Harry's TV interview in March 2021. The Duchess's half-sister also accused her of concocting a “false narrative and fairytale life story”. Samantha also accused Meghan of a “campaign to defame and destroy her sister’s and her father’s reputation and credibility in order to preserve and promote the false ‘rags-to-royalty’ narrative”. DON'T MISSRoyal POLL: Do YOU think Meghan and Harry will have more children? [POLL]Harry excites royal fans as Duke spotted in cowboy hat at Texas show [PICTURE]Royal Family LIVE: US fury after Harry 'shows face at American event' [LIVE BLOG] In response, the Duchess's lawyer Michael Kump said: "This baseless and absurd lawsuit is just a continuation of a pattern of disturbing behaviour. "We will give it the minimum attention necessary, which is all it deserves." Samantha has previously been critical of Meghan, branding her "Ducha**". She also released a tell-all book titled The Diary of Princess Pushy's Sister.