Premium Bonds, unlike other savings products, don’t offer any interest rates but instead provide a monthly prize draw where bond holders could win up to £1million. However, like any lottery style winnings, the more bond holders there are the lower the chances are of winning great amounts so is the well-known product still worth their share?   Premium Bonds are provided by National Savings and Investments (NS&I) which is backed by HM Treasury. Essentially, this backing in itself is a big selling point for savers as it ensures the safety of their funds. Many savers turned to Premium Bonds during the pandemic as rock bottom interest rates elsewhere meant they had little to lose and potential millions to gain. Interest is an important aspect of savings as it’s the only tool able to keep the real value of one’s savings, by having an interest rate either in line or above inflation. READ MORE: Carer’s Allowance to be replaced by new benefit payment - claimants could get £500 more     Although the Bank of England has since increased the base rate twice, it is still a meagre 0.50 percent when in comparison to a predicted seven percent inflation rate for this year. Premium Bonds offers savers instant access to their funds, also known as an easy access account with normal savings accounts. Currently, the top easy access account with traditional banks only offers 0.82 percent interest annually. Additionally, savers may need to consider the reason behind their savings when deciding whether Premium Bonds is for them as it has a maximum amount of £50,000.  Savers putting aside money for large expenses such as retirement or buying a home may need to look elsewhere due to the limit. Savers who need a guaranteed return on their savings should also consider the other savings products like traditional accounts that can offer this. The prize draw often provides millions of bond holders with prizes ranging from £25 to £1million, and the potential to win big can be very attractive for those that just want to put their savings away for a bit. The algorithm NS&I uses to choose the winning bond numbers, affectionately nicknamed ERNIE, does not favour bonds based on when they were purchased.  However, individual £1 bonds are given unique bond numbers and entered into the draw, meaning that the more money bond holders put in, the higher the chances of one of their bonds being chosen. Martin Lewis calculated the chances of winning the different Premium Bonds prizes based on a £1 bond. He found that the chances of winning the £1million jackpot was one in 57,837,067,198. As the prize amount lowers, the chances of winning increases as more low value prizes are given each month than high value ones, but even the £25 prize saw a chance of one in 34,500.  The finance expert also added on MoneySavingExpert.com that the chances of winning nothing with a £1 bond is “virtual certainty”. On the other hand, regardless of whether one wins any money at all, there is no risk of savers losing their money. If a saver is lucky enough to win, the savings and any prizes are entirely tax-free which can be incredibly advantageous for higher rate taxpayers. It is worth noting that Premium Bonds must be held for a full prize cycle, month, before they are entered into the prize draw.