Sky Sports host Laura Woods has opened up on Roy Keane and what the Manchester United icon is like behind the scenes. The retired midfielder was a no-nonsense footballer during his playing days. And he’s currently performing punditry duties for the likes of Sky and ITV Sport after taking a break from management. Keane the midfielder was something else. He made his name at Nottingham Forest, playing under Brian Clough, before moving to United back in the summer of 1993. Keane would go on to establish himself as a legend over at Old Trafford, winning seven Premier League titles as well as four FA Cups and the Champions League in 1999. These days, the 50-year-old works as a pundit for Sky and ITV. Woods worked alongside Keane on the latter’s coverage of Manchester City’s FA Cup victory over Peterborough on Tuesday night. Riyad Mahrez and Jack Grealish struck for Pep Guardiola’s side to send them through to the sixth round of the competition. And Woods, speaking on talkSPORT, has revealed working alongside Keane was a ‘highlight’ while also admitting she was formerly ‘scared’ by him. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “The game in itself, Peterborough put up such a good fight in the first half and the quality wasn’t quite there for Man City,” she said. “You know what City can do, but it wasn’t quite there. “The highlight for me, though, was sitting next to Roy Keane. I’m obsessed, I just think he’s the best person. “He was wonderful, wonderful, wonderful. “I’ve worked with him once before in the Carabao Cup final last year and was a little bit scared of him because you are as you know his persona.” Gabriel Agbonlahor then said: “Maybe you need to do a Man United game where they are losing!” And Woods responded by saying: “Maybe I’ve been lucky. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “With a pundit, all you can ask is they answer all your questions. “During the game, I just sat next to him for a little bit to say ‘tell me what you think Peterborough are doing right, what more do you want from City?’ “He was so generous with his information and so warm, I just loved it. It was great. “Joe Cole was good too… morning Joe! “I’m always quite overwhelmed by Roy Keane.” Keane hasn’t shied away from criticising United, despite spending the best years of his career playing under Sir Alex Ferguson. And he recently suggested they hire Diego Simeone as their next manager, with Ralf Rangnick not expected to get the role on a permanent basis. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “You go and get the manager you want,” he said. “You should go and get the right manager you think is right for your club. “People say ‘oh, somebody’s tied up with a club. But if you really want a manager – and that’s what it’s like when you really want a player - you go and get him. “Never mind making excuses saying he’s not available for two years. “You pay fortunes for players, so why not a manager? “I don’t care whose under contract, if you think he’s the right manager for Manchester United, well you go and get him. “You go and pay the money whoever it might be. They’ve got to go and get the right manager.” He added: “Maybe Simeone, he’s the right kind of character. “He’s having a difficult spell with Atletico. His race has maybe run with them. “Simone, go and get him, he’s a big character. “He’s done great things. He’s a great character, a big personality. He doesn’t mess around with players. Maybe someone like him coming into the club, could work. “It can soon change. I don’t think it’s all doom and gloom, there’s still good things going on at United, but they’ve got to get the manager. “If the manager is not right, then the rest will just fall apart.”