Bridgerton season two follows Anthony Bridgerton's (played by Jonathan Bailey) quest to find a wife in the Regency Era. As the new series of the Netflix period drama unfolds, his attention turns towards newcomer Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley). Viewers were expecting the second series to be as raunchy as the first but the creator's move to fill it with more passion and less sex has left many fans "disappointed". Viewers are treated to the first scene between Kate and Anthony about 15 minutes into episode one of the new season. Anthony tried to catch up with Kate on his horse after she galloped past him and he mistakenly believed she was in trouble. "Apologies Sir, I did not mean to cause anyone concern," Kate told him when she slowed down her horse. "You worry about being seen?" Anthony asked her, to which she replied: "I worry about meeting strange men in parks at dawn who fail to leave me alone with all of their questions." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle and Rhona Goskirk leave village  "Your secret is safe with me, I shall not tell a soul," Anthony told Kate as he referred to their encounter as a race, which she laughed at. While fans were quick to notice the chemistry between the two characters, they were hoping their encounter would soon lead to more intimate scenes. Taking to Twitter to express her annoyance at the lack of nudity, Caroline remarked: "Two episodes in and there’s no hot sex, slightly disappointed." @Illunaromera joked: "Better be in season 3 more [Kate and] Anthony sex scenes because if not I will commit a crime."   @Tizzy added: "#Bridgertonseason2 Four episodes of second seasons and still no sex in Bridgerton. Disappointed!" @TheRealDeclanKincaid added: "So far for me #Bridgerton is much slower, much more modest and tame. "There isn’t as much adrenaline or sex. I’m enjoying it but it certainly isn’t as good as the first season in my opinion. #bridgertonseason2" Despite the backlash, other viewers said they preferred the second season being tamer than the first outing. Fans will remember the first series focused on Daphne Bridgerton (Phoebe Dynevor) and the Duke of Hastings (Regé-Jean Page).  DON'T MISS...What do Didi and Bon mean in Bridgerton? [EXPLAINER]Bridgerton's Lady Featherington star explains Prudence marriage plans [EXCLUSIVE]Bridgerton Season 2 'bestial' love triangle very different in the book [INSIGHT] Brian Jensen said: "#Bridgertonseason2 didn’t have a lot of hot sex scenes, but the chemistry between Anthony and Kate was insanely hot. "It was all about the build-up, the way they looked at each other and felt around each other. That was titillating! #Bridgerton" Similarly, Diksha added: "I have so many feelings about #bridgertonseason2 I binged the show in one go. "I’m one of those people who love sexual tension on a show more than actual sex scenes so that aspect from the show was perfect for me."  Speaking at a Bridgerton press conference, creator Chris Van Dusen explained why there was less sex in the new series. "We’ve never done a sex scene for the sake of doing a sex scene and I don’t think we ever will," he said. "It all serves a larger purpose and it’s a different story this season." Bridgerton season two is now available to stream on Netflix. 