The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge married almost 11 years ago, on April 29, 2011 at Westminster Abbey as millions watched around the world. However, a royal biographer has given an insight into the private reception party, where Prince Harry gave a speech described as “one of the highlights of the day”, according to OK! Magazine. Royal author Katie Nicholl wrote in her book Harry: Life, Loss, and Love that his speech even made Kate cry. She said: “It was affectionate, warm and funny and touched William deeply. “The speech was peppered with Harry’s classic sense of humour, and he ribbed his brother: ‘William didn’t have a romantic bone in his body before he met Kate, so I knew it was serious when William suddenly started cooing down the phone at Kate’. “Famous for his mimicry, Harry then impersonated his brother calling Kate ‘Babykins’, to much laughter from the guests.  When he said the couple’s decade-long romance was his inspiration, there was a shy smile from Chelsy, while Kate shed a tear.” Chelsy Davy was Prince Harry’s on-off girlfriend from 2004 until 2010, although she was invited to Kate and William’s wedding and Harry’s own wedding to Meghan Markle in 2018. Kate and Harry at one point had a very close relationship, with him once describing her as “the sister he never had”.  READ MORE: Prince Edward celebrates birthday doing charity work with wife Sophie The pair were often seen joking or laughing together, however their relationship has suffered in recent years. Royal expert Duncan Larcombe told OK! that the days of them having fun together are “long in the past”. He said: “There was a time when Harry would have been instrumental in any celebrations or any fun that the couple were having, but those days are long in the past."  DON'T MISS:Edward and Sophie 'dazzle like never before' - especially since Megxit [REVEAL]Kate's second wedding dress 'sweet' while Meghan's 'far more her' [ROYAL FASHION]Nine royals who could take centre stage during Prince Charles' reign [SPOTLIGHT] It was announced on Friday that Prince Harry would not be returning to the UK to attend his grandfather Prince Philip’s memorial service on March 29. A spokesperson for the Duke of Sussex did not disclose an official reason for the decision, although it has been speculated that the ongoing argument over his personal security may be a factor. He is currently embroiled in a legal dispute with the Home Office, as he has been told his family are not entitled to Met Police protection if they return to the UK. His youngest child Lilibet, who was born in June last year, has not yet met many of her British family members. 