Crown Princess Mary of Denmark lives in Amalienborg Palace with her husband, Prince Frederik and their children Prince Christian, Princess Isabella, Prince Vincent and Princess Josephine. The Palace is in Copenhagen. Steeped in history, Amalienborg Palace is a grand building which dates as far back as the 18th century. It was previously built for four noble families. However, the Royal Family have been living there since 1794. It contains four identical classical palace facades. READ MORE: Kate Middleton stuns in Catherine Walker coat with Crown Princess Mary Crown Princess Mary of Denmark lives in Frederik VIII’s palace in the north-eastern part of Amalienborg, but over the years monarchs have lived in all four of the palaces. It has rococo interiors, which is an extremely intricate, ornamental and theatrical style of design which enjoys asymmetry and primarily focuses on pastels and whites. The Danish Royal household have given the public occasional glimpses into their lavish home. It has an extravagant split staircase, with the blusters gilded with gold. The stairs themselves are white marble, in keeping with the rococo style. Above the stairs is a large, elaborate chandelier with candles. Another room boasts an extraordinary gold chandelier dripping with stunning glass ornaments. In a photograph taken over Christmas last year, some sweet Christmas decorations were placed within the chandelier. Despite being grand, the palace is rather homely, with one room boasting a large wooden coffee table, maroon chairs, off-white walls and a painting of pink and red flowers in a vase. Another room has cream walls with gold features on both the doors and walls, with elaborate gold tables, a bronze statue and patterned carpet flecked with blues, pinks and purples. As well as some blue wall features, the room has medium blue curtains. The home is exceptionally stylish, with one room looking much like an art exhibit. The wooden floors and white walls are very traditional, but there is a huge abstract wall feature which is the focus of the entire room. Speaking about rococo style, the V&A stated: “Rococo was seen as superficial, degenerate and illogical.” Rather than serve as something practical, it is art for art’s sake, even providing somewhat of an optical illusion. Frederik VIII's Palace is home to an extravagant church. The building is dome shaped, with elaborate designs on the ceiling, and a central crucifix is flanked by several tall pillars. Amalienborg Palace is also one of Queen Margarethe II of Denmark’s official residences, the other being Fredensborg Palace.