Lewis Hamilton may be relieved to hear that F1 has announced new safety car rules following the Briton's heartbreaking Abu Dhabi Grand Prix last year. He looked set to win a record eighth championship until a safety car allowed Max Verstappen to pit for softer tyres. Race director Michael Masi then allowed some lapped cars to overtake the safety car, a decision that handed Verstappen the chance to win the title on the last lap. Following the race, Mercedes were furious and even attempted to overturn the race result. In response, the sport’s governing body, the FIA, has tweaked the wording of the regulations so that “all”, rather than “any”, lapped cars must un-lap themselves before the racing restarts. The 2021 season was packed with dramatic moments and unexpected twists, as seen in Netflix's new series of 'Drive to Survive'. In episode three, the show focuses on the rivalry between Red Bull and Mercedes, including the title fight between Hamilton and Verstappen. At one stage, Hamilton is in the garage with Mercedes Team Principal Toto Wolff. The Briton reflects on a disastrous race he had earlier in the season at Baku, Azerbaijan. Hamilton said: "Gives me nightmares, Baku. It f***** me up. Wolff then says: "Just reduce our mistakes and then we are five points ahead." Hamilton then replies: "Baku, f****** hell." Wolff adds: "Don't worry". Baku was one of the defining races in the championship fight – Verstappen was cruising to victory before his tyre failed, causing him to crash out. The race was then red flagged on lap 49 of 51, meaning a two lap sprint would decide the outcome of the race. Hamilton was handed a huge opportunity on the restart to score big points over Verstappen, but instead made a huge mistake which sent his car straight off the track. Hamilton explained afterwards that he had accidentally hit Mercedes' ‘magic’ button, locking his rear brakes. READ MORE: 'I don't agree' Verstappen called out for opposing view to Hamilton Wolff said after the race that he and Hamilton were "destroyed" by the unlucky turn of events which saw the race slip through their hands. Hamilton will be eager to challenge Verstappen again this season, but he does not appear confident in his car for 2022. The seven-time champion warned last week that Mercedes are genuinely struggling to extract performance under the hugely altered design regulations for 2022. He said: "It is too early to have those kinds of thoughts about the world championship, but at the moment I don't think we will be competing for wins. "There is potential within our car to get us there. We've just got to learn to be able to extract it and fix some of the problems, which is what we're working on. DON'T MISS Hill presents damning theory behind Verstappen's 'diminished' title [INSIGHT] Lando Norris admits enjoying 'drama' between Hamilton and Verstappen [ANALYSIS] Max Verstappen makes promise to strike fear into Lewis Hamilton [INSIGHT] "We have some hurdles to overcome and obviously next week we'll get a much better showing of our pace, but I think people will be surprised, because people keep talking about whether we're talking ourselves down or not, but it's a bit different this year." New teammate George Russell has also expressed concerns about the Mercedes car. He said: "It's definitely bouncing a lot ‒ it's not the comfiest! "I don't really care about comfort if performance is there but at the moment the performance isn't there, we do seem a step behind our rivals. "We do have a lot of work to do between now and next week to understand because in every condition, the Red Bull and the Ferrari seem a step ahead of us."