P&O staffers immediately protested following yesterday's shock news, with many refusing to disembark from the firm's fleet. The backlash has continued for a second day today, as investigations seek to determine whether the action was unlawful. The findings could have implications for other workplaces, some of whom may be watching the process closely. In their reasoning, P&O's operators cited a flailing business with £100 million losses every year of the pandemic. Theirs isn't the only business to have experienced hardship since 2020, as many have folded in the face of COVID-19. But anyone considering the same action should give it significant thought first, according to one legal expert. READ MORE: Woman explains how side hustle made her £34,000 richer Chris Deeley, an employment solicitor at JMW Solicitors, said employees of other workplaces fearing for their jobs can rest easy. He told Express.co.uk: “It is natural that other businesses will look at the course of action taken by P&O Ferries this week and might consider taking similar steps to save costs and avoid a lengthy consultation process. "However, P&O’s actions – committing what seem to be flagrant breaches of employment law, and simply paying off employees to overlook them – is not an example we would advise any employer to follow. "Not only will the cost of enhanced severance packages be incredibly expensive, but there will also be reputational damage to the business and the brand as we are seeing first hand." "That type of impact on a business is often immeasurable and long-lasting. "Substantial ill-will and low morale among remaining employees is highly likely, and attracting future staff (not to mention customers) will be significantly harder with this stain upon P&O’s name. "Current staff could also dig in their heels – turning down the hush-money and refusing to ignore the breaches of law – which could risk tying P&O up in protracted and costly litigation.” Some concurring with the above view have warned the P&O situation will see the company suffer a "PR disaster". Northern Irish politician Roy Beggs of the Ulster Unionist Party said it would jeopardise millions of pounds in their investments. He explained the "ultimate owners" of P&O, DP World Limited, are currently "spending tens of millions of pounds" to sponsor the DP World Tour. The tour is a European golfing event, which Mr Beggs said was resting on the company's reputation, now in "tatters". He added: "The European Golf tour are in danger of being tarnished by their linkage.” P&O also faces swift punishment from the Government for its actions. Business secretary Kwasi Kwarteng said one possible avenue ministers could take would be an "unlimited fine". In a letter, he branded the firm's actions "criminal", adding the Government expressed "anger and disappointment". He added: “It cannot be right that the company feels tied closely enough to the UK to receive significant amounts of taxpayer money but does not appear willing to abide by the rules that we have put in place to protect British workers.”