Doctor Hopkins highlighted that "hospital admissions and cases of Covid have continued to rise" – and she expects to see "further increases". The highest number of Covid cases remain high in the South West, with the lowest confirmed positive cases in the North East of the country. The official UK government website for data and insights regarding coronavirus demonstrates why Doctor Hopkins is concerned. Doctor Hopkins highlighted that "hospital admissions and cases of Covid have continued to rise" – and she expects to see "further increases".  The highest number of Covid cases remain high in the South West, with the lowest confirmed positive cases in the North East of the country. The official UK government website for data and insights regarding coronavirus demonstrates why Doctor Hopkins is concerned. For example, the number of people testing positive for Covid in the past seven days has jumped by 8.5 percent. READ MORE: Vaccinated aspiring model, 21, has both legs amputated after traumatic Covid complications  For example, the number of people testing positive for Covid in the past seven days has jumped by 8.5 percent. There has been more than 47,046 infections recorded in the past week. Moreover, this increase in positive Covid cases is now translating into hospital admissions. There has been a sharp increase in the number of patients admitted to hospital by 17.4 percent. Within the past seven days, there has been an addition of 2,133 people who have been admitted to hospital. The number of people now passing away in hospital once admitted because of Covid is also increasing. There has been a rise of 26.3 percent in the past week, with 198 people losing their lives. Doctor Hopkins said: "Vaccination is the key to staying safe from serious illness and it is vital that everyone gets all of their recommended doses." While 52,759,213 people have had their first Covid vaccination, only 38,718,546 people have had their Covid booster (as of March 24, 2022). If you need to complete your Covid vaccination, you can find a walk-in coronavirus vaccination site here. And while Covid restrictions have been lifted in England, Doctor Hopkins still recommends "wearing a face covering in crowded or enclosed spaces". Furthermore, as the weather has warmed up now we are in spring, it should be easier to socialise outside "where possible". Doctor Hopkins added: "Always observing good hand hygiene will also help to reduce the spread of COVID-19. "Anyone with symptoms or a positive test should limit their contact with others as much as possible." Symptoms of Covid The NHS has not swayed from the main three symptoms they outlined since the beginning of the pandemic. These include a high temperature, meaning you feel "hot to touch on your chest or back", and a loss or change to your sense of smell or taste. "This means you've noticed you cannot smell or taste anything, or things smell or taste different to normal," the NHS elaborated. Another symptom of Covid is a "new, continuous cough", which means you are "coughing a lot for more than an hour". A new continuous cough could also mean you have "three or more coughing episodes in 24 hours". People are still strongly encouraged to get a PCR test and to self isolate at home until the results come back.