Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge represent the future of the monarchy, and when they are King and Queen one day they will likely rely on their three children to support them with royal duties. Their eldest child Prince George is destined to be King, so he may one day hold the titles of Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall as heir apparent. But as William's only daughter, Princess Charlotte will be eligible for a rare and prestigious royal title.  In 2015, Kate and William welcomed their second child, Her Royal Highness Princess Charlotte of Cambridge. Charlotte's title reflects her father's title as the Duke of Cambridge, but one day she may be eligible for the Princess Royal title. For centuries, the Princess Royal title has been given by the reigning sovereign to their eldest daughter.  READ MORE: Queen plots retreat away from Windsor Castle The title's use in the British monarchy stems from the 1600s, and it is thought to emulate the French royal tradition of awarding the Madame Royale title to the King's eldest daughter. The current Princess Royal is Princess Anne, the Queen and the late Prince Philip's only daughter, and she was given the title back in 1987. The Princess Royal title is held for life and upon the holder's death, the title is returned to the crown. When Prince William is King, he can decide to allocate the title to his only daughter, meaning Charlotte would likely be titled as Her Royal Highness The Princess Royal.   The Queen was never given the Princess Royal title, although she would have been eligible for it. Then-Princess Elizabeth was the elder daughter of King George VI and the Queen Mother. But the Princess Royal title was not vacant during King George VI's reign, which meant he never had the opportunity to award it to his daughter.  DON'T MISS:Camilla health update: Duchess suffering from 'long Covid' [INSIGHT]Kate & Will’s parenting techniques for 'future King' George [ANALYSIS]Key difference between Princess Charlotte and her brothers highlighted [INTERVIEW] The Queen's father died at the age of 56 back in 1952, which meant then-Princess Elizabeth ascended the throne at the age of 25. The previous Princess Royal was the Queen's aunt, Princess Mary, who was the only daughter of King George V and Queen Mary. Princess Mary held the Princess Royal title until she died in 1965. When Princess Anne dies, the title will not pass to her daughter Zara Tindall. 