Property development expert and interior designer Rudolph Diesel has shared four ways homeowners can boost the value of their homes using home improvements and design. Rather than jumping straight in with DIY, Mr Diesel suggested thinking about what changes would suit your property. The interior designer suggested asking yourself questions about the property itself. He said: “It’s important to ask yourself: are my plans suited to the location I live in? “What will this cost, and will I recoup the cost if I were to sell the property? “What is my five to 10 year goal? And most importantly: what will others think of what I’ve created?” READ MORE: Use cupboard essentials to tackle kitchen grime - baking soda and salt “If you were thinking that creating a lovely zen winter garden will increase the value of your house by 10, 20 or 50 percent then you would be mistaken. “It would be nice to look at, but it won’t add any real value.” The property development pro said there are six items that add value to a home “immediately”. These are good lighting, a good kitchen, storage, bathrooms, a loft conversion and creating lower ground floors. Kitchens and bathrooms are two of the most expensive areas of a home to renovate. DON'T MISSCleaner switches oven on for 10 minutes to remove grease [INSIGHT]Laundry expert shares items which should never be put in the machine [UPDATE]Presenting a ’stylish’ and ‘functional home’ can increase value by 20% [ANALYSIS] Getting them right can increase a property’s value as it gives a buyer less to do when they move in. “You should configure spaces to suit your needs and wants, but also give the spaces the ability to be transformed,” he added. For example, having a family-sized bathroom or ensuite can then be transformed into more space or an extra bedroom if necessary. Buyers will have different taste to the seller. While some love minimalism, others will prefer cottagecore or maximalism. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea It’s important to think about where you live and the type of people that buy in that area. In a suburb where families tend to buy homes, vendors should think about those buyers and what they need from a home. Mr Diesel said: “Families are going to like large open spaces, but they will also like storage. “If you have large open spaces but no storage then agents will find it hard to bypass that.” The pandemic meant that more people used their homes as multifunctional spaces which has in turn meant that buyers’ priorities have changed.  Many vendors are now looking for home office space and extra room for socialising or a home gym. No one knows what the future holds so it’s important that any changes that are made to a property are realistic both practically and stylistically. The interior designer added: “Be careful not to make stylistic changes that leave parts of the property looking and feeling outdated. “You may like tile countertops and wood panelling, but most people left that behind in the 70s.”