One of the latest to be fired from the boardroom, Stephanie, 28, spoke to Express.co.uk and other media about the gruelling interviews she and the other finalists had to endure in the most recent instalment of the BBC competition. The entrepreneur detailed her experience as she recalled her interview with Linda Plant and described it as "absolutely savage" after Lord Sugar's aide grilled her over her business plan. Stephanie was asked by press who she was most nervous to face during the brutal interview round, in which the finalists faced a grilling from several of Lord Sugar's advisers. "That's really difficult" Stephanie replied, adding: "I'd probably say it was a toss-up between Claude [Littner] and Linda [Plant]. "Maybe Linda sightly more because she's just notorious for being absolutely savage in the interviews. "And she is in fashion industries, so I always knew with me and Kathryn [Louise Burn] she may pick up more because you would know more about what we were doing. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role "So yeah, but to be honest, I was c**ping my pants for everyone. "I walked in and just thought, 'Why am I here? What am I doing?'" She added Linda was "definitely" the most brutal interviewer, explaining she'd been "100 times worse" than Stephanie had expected. Stephanie recalled: "She is really bad, but she knows what she's talking about. "She's had decades of experience, so no stone goes unturned. "They know everything about you - honestly, they told me stuff about me in those interviews that I didn't know myself. "Literally, Mike [Soutar] told me I had shares in a company I didn't even know about! "I walked away and I thought 'lovely', I honestly learnt new things about myself from the interviews. DON'T MISS... Homes Under the Hammer's Jacqui breaks down over late husband [LATEST]Strictly Come Dancing fans demand Russian pros axed [REACTION]'Hold on!' Dan Walker questions Carol Kirkwood's warning [VIDEO] "But yeah, Linda was probably the most savage, Claudine [Collins] was my absolute fave, I love Claudine, she's an absolute babe." During her intense interview with Linda, Stephanie's business idea was picked apart. "You haven't made it happen here to convince me," Linda told her. She added: "It's a pipe dream with no substance." She challenged some of the predicted statistics on Stephanie's plan, stating: "Luxury children's clothing no way reflects billions of pounds, it's an exclusive, small market." She asked: "What are you basing the fact that it isn't exclusive and small on? You've only sold 50 garments." "Because I see it with my competitors," Stephanie replied. "I see how much they are turning over and it's a lot." Stephanie was fired alongside Brittany Carter, leaving Kathryn and Harpreet Kaur to battle it out in the final this week. The Apprentice continues on Thursday at 9pm on BBC One.