US National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan has argued that a missile strike by Russia on an army base near Ukraine's border with NATO member Poland is a sign of growing frustrations on the part of Vladimir Putin. Scores of Ukrainian military personnel and suspected foreign volunteers are believed to have been killed in the attack which took place on the weekend near the city of Lviv. Mr Sullivan told CNN: "So this does not come as a surprise to the American Intelligence and National Security community. "What it shows is that Vladimir Putin is frustrated by the fact that his forces are not making the kind of progress that he thought that they would make against major cities, including Kyiv, that he is expanding the number of targets that he is lashing out and that he is trying to cause damage in every part of the country. "What President Biden has made clear from the beginning is that we will not have US military forces operating in Ukraine and there are none operating there now. "But we will defend every inch of NATO territory even as we seek to provide military assistance to the Ukrainian fighters who are bravely defending their homes and bravely defending their cities." A barrage of Russian missiles hit Ukraine's Yavoriv International Centre for Peacekeeping and Security, a base just 15 miles from the Polish border that has previously hosted NATO military instructors, killing 35 people and wounding 134, a Ukrainian official said on Sunday. The number of casualties is as yet unclear but Russia's defence ministry said up to 180 "foreign mercenaries" and a large number of foreign weapons were destroyed. Thousands of people have died since February 24, when Russian President Vladimir Putin launched what he called a special military operation to rid Ukraine of dangerous nationalists and Nazis. The fourth round of talks between Ukraine and Russia on Monday will focus on achieving a ceasefire, troop withdrawals and security guarantees for Ukraine, one of the Ukrainian negotiators Mykhailo Podolyak said.  Ukraine's position remained unchanged in insisting on a ceasefire before talks on future relations could happen, he said in a social media post and accompanying video. "Negotiations. 4th round. On peace, ceasefire, immediate withdrawal of troops & security guarantees. Hard discussion," he wrote, adding that he believed Russia "still has a delusion that 19 days of violence against (Ukrainian) peaceful cities is the right strategy." Russia denies targeting civilians. The Kremlin describes its actions as a "special operation" to demilitarise and "deNazify" Ukraine. Ukraine and Western allies call this a baseless pretext for a war of choice. DON'T MISS: EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [LATEST]Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated [REACTION]Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [IMAGES] don't Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba called on the West on Monday to supply Ukraine with weapons and apply more sanctions on Russia to help prevent other countries being dragged into a wider conflict "To those abroad scared of being `dragged into WWIII'. "Ukraine fights back successfully. We need you to help us fight. Provide us with all necessary weapons," Kuleba wrote on Twitter. "Apply more sanctions on Russia and isolate it fully. Help Ukraine force Putin into failure and you will avert a larger war."