Every year, the Tripadvisor Travellers’ Choice awards rank the world’s best beaches. The awards are based on traveller reviews on the popular platform. While this year’s best beach was Grace Bay in the Providenciales in Caribbean paradise Turks and Caicos, one of the top 10 spots was a little closer to home. Stunning Spiaggia dei Conigli in Italy was ranked as the 10th best beach in the world for tourists. The gorgeous beach is located on the island of Lampedusa in the Mediterranean sea off southern Italy. One British tourist said on Tripadvisor: “Crowded, long walk, but definitely worth a visit! READ MORE: Ryanair customer shares luggage hack - save £50 “Prepare yourself with snacks and water, plan to stay longer as the walk is quite long. “Spectacular view, crystal clear water.” Another visitor said: “One of the best beaches to visit in the world, you will never forget the good views and clean environment!” One reviewer said: “The best beach of the island by far, but also the busiest one. The water and the colour of the sand are so unique. Speechless. “Lampedusa also has the advantage of having a convenient airport to travel from Catania or Palermo and the northern airports in summer time.” Spiaggia dei Conigli is world famous for its crystal clear blue water and stunning white sand. The beach is perfect for snorkelling and tourists will be able to spot sea creatures in the clear water. However, jellyfish have been sighted and British tourists should take care to steer clear of the stinging creatures. About 10 minutes walk from the beach, Britons will be able to enjoy the restaurants and boutique shops in Lampedusa town centre. If they’re lucky, tourists might spot loggerhead turtles who often choose to lay their eggs on the stunning beach. Although Spiaggia dei Conigli translates as Rabbits Beach, visitors are unlikely to see rabbits on the rocky landscape. The dreamy beach is a good spot for families as the clear waters are often very calm for children. Spiaggia dei Conigli was the only European beach to make the Tripadvisor top 10 in 2022. The second best beach in the world was named as Varadero Beach in Cuba which one visitor described as “postcard perfect”. Turquoise Bay in Australia took third place and one visitor said it offered “world class snorkelling for beginners”. Quarta Praia in Brazil was the fourth top rated beach and visitors praised its “amazing natural pools”. Meanwhile, Eagle Beach in Aruba made the top five for its “tranquil and pristine” waters. 