The Red Bull tech chief warned the new cars would “help overtaking a little bit” but was unlikely to be a "significant shift”. He said the new rules were “the biggest aerodynamic change” for 40 years which was likely to spread the gap between cars. He said: “I think that the principle of trying to help overtaking by reducing the sensitivity of the following car to the one in front is… okay. I think it will help overtaking a little bit.“I don’t think it will be a significant shift, but it will help a little bit. I think there are other ways it could have been done, let’s say. “The only thing I would say is that this is, in reality, the biggest aerodynamic change we’ve had since Venturi cars were banned in 1982. If you’re going to have such a big regulation change, which inevitably brings all sorts of other changes, it will probably spread the grid apart during the early seasons.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen may have secret weapon At the last major rules change in 2014, Mercedes dominated the first race with Rosberg winning by over 26 seconds from McLaren. Mercedes then went on to win 15 of the season’s 19 races to clinch the first of their eight consecutive constructors titles.In the previous rules change, Brawn GP dominated the 2009 season opener before a late-race safety car bunched the pack. Brawn then won eight of the 17 Grands Prix, including six of the first seven. However, FIA technical chief Nicholas Tombazis has warned the new rules could see the gap between the teams at the front and back of the field halved. Although these gaps will be bigger at the start of the season, he claimed teams would “quickly adjust” when it became clear what worked.He said: “At the moment about three seconds separate first to last. We hope that by the end of 2022 it will only be one and a half seconds.” DON'T MISSFerrari chief piles pressure on Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen [INSIGHT]Red Bull boss Christian Horner demands urgent action from FIA  [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen claims Ferrari pace 'good for F1' and faces new threat [COMMENT]  Pat Symonds, Chief Technical Officer at Formula 1 also reiterated the benefits of the new package.He said: “In Barcelona, I spoke to a lot of drivers and asked them about how they felt the cars were when they were following. And all of them were very complimentary, those who had followed.“Of course, a lot of them hadn't.He added: “I think we've made a really fundamental change, we've made a breakthrough. So let's be grateful for that, let's see what we've got."