For thousands of people, tax hike will put a squeeze on finances and the cost of living increases, and energy bills rise. From April, the average worker will pay an extra £255 a year in taxes. Those earning £20,000 a year will pay an extra £89 and higher earners on £50,000 per year would pay an extra £464. This tax rise will then turn into a health and social care levy from 2023, which all employees will contribute towards - including working pensioners. All workers, including the self-employed, will all pay 1.25p more per pound in National Insurance. Working adults, including those over state pension age will have to reckon with a 1.25 percentage point rise to the levy. READ MORE: PIP: Five conditions which may provide up to £608 per month from the DWP National Insurance is paid by workers between the ages of 16 and the state pension age (currently 66), and by their employers. It is a form of social security, and some benefits can only be paid if the claimant has contributed enough to National Insurance during their lifetime. The rate varies depending on someone’s earnings. But the standard rate for employees earning between £184 and £967 per week is 12 percent of their earnings. Any earnings below £184 per week are not taxed. If it is above £967 per week, they're taxed at two percent. Currently once people hit retirement age, they do not need to pay any National Insurance Contributions, however this is set to change. Employers' rates also vary, but the standard rate is 13.8 percent of their employees' salaries. Self-employed workers must pay £3 per week, or more if their profit is above £8,632 per year. When the tax hike was announced, Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: "This will raise almost £36billion over the next three years, with money from the levy going directly to health and social care across the whole of our UK." Initially, the money will go to the NHS to help it deal with the pandemic backlog. Thereafter, the Government says it will redirect the money into social care.