The Prime Minister has released funds and weapons to support Ukraine in its ferocious and existential battle with Russia. The UK has supplied over 3,600 anti-tank missiles to Ukraine's army and is expected to send hundreds more at a cost of another £120 million. In addition, Ben Wallace, Defence Minister, has also promised to supply an unspecified number of high-velocity Starstreak anti-aircraft weapons to Kyiv. The British Government's actions have seen the UK's stock rise above that of NATO in Ukraine. A new poll conducted by the Rating Sociological Group shows that a growing number of Ukrainians believe a military alliance with the UK would serve them better than one with NATO. Support for the creation of a military-political union of Ukraine with the United Kingdom and Poland increased from 61 percent in January to 85 percent. Today, support for such an alliance is higher than that for Ukraine's integration with NATO (72 percent). Ukraine's future membership of NATO has been at the heart of the present conflict with Russia. Prior to the war, Vladimir Putin insisted that he received legal guarantees from NATO and Western leaders that Ukraine would never be allowed to join the military alliance. The Russian leader believes that Ukrainian NATO membership would pose a serious and unacceptable security risk to Moscow. Although the goal of NATO membership is enshrined in Ukraine's constitution, the country's President appeared to acknowledge that this aim may never be achieved. In an address to the new Joint Expeditionary Force (JEF) last week, Volodymr Zelensky appeared to make a major concession to Moscow's demands. He said: "It is clear that Ukraine is not a member of Nato; we understand this. “For years we heard about the apparently open door, but have already also heard that we will not enter there, and these are truths and must be acknowledged.” READ MORE: POLL: Was Boris right to say Britain ‘wanted to be free’? The JEF is a UK-led initiative bringing together 10 north Atlantic countries to create a capability for responding rapidly to crises. Support for active NATO membership among those polled was fairly evenly split. While a majority (44 percent) said their country should join NATO, 42 percent believed that Ukraine should continue to cooperate with the military alliance but not become a full member. The poll was conducted on March 18 and interviewed 1,000 people over the age of 18 by telephone. It did not survey people in the Crimea or Donbas. President Zelensky has on numerous occasions appealed to NATO leaders to impose a no-fly zone over his country. DON'T MISSSunak distances himself from Boris over Brexit-Ukraine comment [NEWS]Brexit LIVE: EU savaged after Verhofstadt wades into Boris backlash [SPOTLIGHT]EU diplomat: Brexit Britain 'made the difference' in Ukraine's war [REVEAL] However, Western leaders have refused to do so, fearing that this escalate the conflict into a full-blown war between NATO and Russia. Last Wednesday, Mr Zelensky made yet another appeal to close the skies above Ukraine, when addressing the US Congress by video. He urged the US President to be “not only the leader of the free world” but also “the leader of peace.” The Ukrainian leader said: “Is this too much to ask? … For a humanitarian no-fly zone?” "If it is, we offer an alternative. You know what kind of systems we need: S-300 and other similar systems.” The US does not have any Russian-made S-300 systems to offer. However, US President Joe Biden promised to supply other anti-aircraft missile systems. He said: “We have identified, and are helping Ukraine acquire, additional longer-range anti-aircraft systems and munitions for those systems.”