Sony will be hosting another State of Play event this week which focuses on games coming from publishers in Japan. The State of Play March 2022 event is taking place on Wednesday March 9 with a start time for the stream of 10pm UK time. The upcoming Sony event will last for around 20 minutes and will also feature announcements from publishers based in other regions too. In terms of what could be announced, a few possible games spring to mind. Square Enix previously revealed that more news on PS5 exclusive Final Fantasy 16 would be announced in the spring. And with the upcoming State of Play focusing on Japanese publishers this week's event seems the perfect place to reveal more on FF16. Street Fighter 6 could be another game that features, with Capcom only recently revealing the latest entry in its iconic fighting series.  Street Fighter 5 was a PlayStation console exclusive, with it unclear if SF6 will be exclusive to Sony systems as well. But given the next outing for Ken, Ryu, Cammy and co was only just revealed it wouldn't be a surprise to see the first Street Fighter 6 gameplay debut at this week's event. One long-shot that many people will surely be hoping for is news on what's next for the Resident Evil franchise, with rumours swirling around for some time that a Resident Evil 4 Remake is in the works. We'll have to wait and see what exactly gets announced, and if you want to tune in to the upcoming State of Play event then you'll be able to watch it live on the PlayStation YouTube and Twitch channels. Sony has also said this week's event won't reveal any details on games heading to the PSVR 2 headset, nor will it reveal an update on the virtual reality hardware itself.  If you're in other time zones then the March 2022 State of Play has a 2pm pacific start time, a 5pm eastern start time and an 11pm central European start time. In a blog post Sony said: "A new State of Play is upon us! Join us this Wednesday March 9 at 2 PM Pacific / 5 PM Eastern / 11:00 PM CET for new reveals and eye-catching updates for PS5 and PS4 titles. Note: We won’t have any updates on PlayStation VR2 titles or hardware in this broadcast. "The show is clocking in around 20 minutes, give or take, with a special focus on highlighting great games coming from some of our beloved Japanese publishers, though we’ll have a few updates from other developers located around the world, too. "You can of course watch our broadcast live on Twitch and YouTube. See you Wednesday!"