The Duchess of Cambridge, 40, has travelled to the Caribbean with her husband Prince William, 39. The couple is celebrating the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee year and have travelled to Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas. Kate has worn a range of Jenny Packham, Emilia Wickstead and Alexander McQueen outfits among many other designers whilst touring the Caribbean.  The Duchess has looked sensational in each dress and trouser suit she’s worn. New research has found Britons search for Kate’s wardrobe, hair and make-up more than any other royal woman, making her the most stylish woman in the Royal Family. The study conducted by hair experts Longevita analysed Google search data to establish which royal lady receives the highest number of combined monthly searches for fashion, hair and make-up related terms. Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge was revealed as being the most stylish of any royal woman with 11,760 combined monthly searches for various aspects of her image.  READ MORE: Royal Family steps out for ‘relaxed’ major event - no Meghan and Harry The term ‘Kate Middleton dresses’ has a total of 4,610 monthly searches. Meanwhile, searches for the Duchess' hair have 700 monthly searches. Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex is the second most stylish royal woman. The combined number of monthly searches for Meghan’s style including hair and make-up are 9,600.  The term ‘Meghan Markle dress’ has 1,300 monthly searches and ‘Meghan Markle style’ has 1,000 monthly average searches in the UK. The Duchess also has the highest number of searches of any royal woman for her make-up with a total of 3,250 monthly searches as well as having 1,000 monthly searches for her hair. The late Diana, Princess of Wales is the third most fashionable royal woman, with 7,540 combined monthly searches for each aspect of her style, 25 years after her passing. This breaks down to terms such as ‘Princess Diana fashion’ receiving 1,900 monthly searches as well as ‘Princess Diana outfits’ having 1,300 monthly searches. Searches for the Princess of Wales' iconic hairstyles amount to 600 per month, with searches for her make-up totalling to 940.  The royal woman with the fourth most influential style is the Queen with 1,220 monthly searches for her outfits, make-up and hair. More specifically, the term ‘The Queen’s outfits’ is searched 420 times a month. The least influential royal woman when it comes to fashion is Camilla Parker Bowles, with 70 monthly searches for various terms related to her style. There are also only 10 searches per month in the UK for her hair, the lowest number analysed. Commenting on the findings, a spokesperson for Longevita told Express.co.uk: “It is fascinating to see how influential each of the royal women are in terms of style, hair and make-up.  “Each member of the British Royal Family has a distinct style with the Queen having brightly coloured dresses with her unchanging iconic hairstyle and Kate’s signature long skirts. “However it is surprising to see whose style resonates with the British public the most. “It is remarkable to see Princess Diana is the third most fashionable royal woman, despite her passing, highlighting the thought and care she put into every outfit she wore. “As the Queen and the Royal Family look forward to celebrating the Platinum Jubilee year with plenty of appearances and engagements, it will be fascinating to see if this ranking changes.” 