Good Morning Britain guest presenter Richard Madeley has addressed a confrontation with a furious viewer who told the TV host that he "loathed and despised him". In a new interview, the TV personality, 65, reflected on a less than pleasant encounter with a man while he was spending time in Cornwall at his holiday home when the remarks were made one morning. The husband of Judy Finnigan, 73, recalled a time at his Cornwall holiday home. After leaving to get breakfast, Richard came face-to-face with a disgruntled viewer who made no attempt to hide his distaste for the TV star. Richard said: "I remember once, on a perfect summer's morning I was walking along the cliff near our house in Cornwall and as I came round a bend in the path I saw this large man coming towards me. "I could see from 50 paces that a) this guy knew who I was, and b) loathed me." READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen admits ‘feeling of helplessness’ He continued to explain that while they were on a narrow path the man was "glaring" at him as they drew closer to each other. Richard went on: "So as we drew level I said, 'Isn't it a fabulous morning?'" However, his remark only drew a "guttural growl" from the angry viewer. After having been to the shops, the star returned home but came face-to-face with the man for a second time. Despite attempting to exchange pleasantries with the incensed viewer, Richard's attempt to be cordial was left in tatters when the man told him how he really felt He continued to The Sunday Times: "I got the pasties and the papers and was coming back along the path 45 minutes later and I saw him coming from the other direction, and this time as we approached I could see that he had thought of something to say. "I said, 'We meet again,' and he said, 'I just want you to know that everything you've ever done, everything you've ever said, everything you ever will say or do, I loathe and despise.'" Richard told the publication that he was left doubled up with laughter following the comment. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan blasts Justin Trudeau after royal meeting with the Queen [UPDATE]Alan Titchmarsh hits out at cancel culture as he promotes 'tolerance' [INSIGHT]Dan Walker reacts as BBC Breakfast viewer questions on-air choice [ANALYSIS] Elsewhere, Richard's daughter Chloe Madeley announced the news that she and her husband James Haskell are expecting their first baby. Earlier this month, posting in view of her 239,000 Instagram followers, the personal trainer wrote: “Little one.” Among the snaps she shared were ultrasounds of their baby and a snap of her with mum Judy alongside a sweet baby grow. Chloe and James also shared the happy news on Good Morning Britain. Speaking to Richard, James said he was prompted by his father-in-law to share the news. Richard also went on to reveal how the picture of Judy and Chloe was from the moment she shared the news. He added: "That's when she told us, that's when she gave us the news. Judy looks so happy doesn't she." Chloe and James have been married since 2018.