A former Royal Air Force chief has warned a nuclear war is “no longer unthinkable” as Russia continues to escalate its assault on Ukraine. Air Marshal Edward Stringer, former head of RAF intelligence, this week said a conflict involving the use of nuclear weapons will be “weighing on the minds of those making difficult calculations at the moment”. Russia’s military doctrine has a de-escalation policy: its response to a large-scale conventional attack would be met with a limited nuclear strike. The idea is that the threat of a nuclear strike would force any opponent, in this case NATO, to return to the status quo. Russian President Vladimir Putin placed his nuclear deterrent forces on special alert last month, something which UK Government ministers have dismissed as merely a distraction tactic from a war in Ukraine that is not going quite as planned. Militaries across the world frequently carry out exercises to practise the mechanics of nuclear warfare, but the results of such exercises are rarely publicised. In February 2020, the Pentagon announced that the US had launched a simulated nuclear strike against Russia. A senior defence official told reporters at the Pentagon that Mark Esper, then-US Secretary of Defence, had played himself in the showdown. Speaking under condition of anonymity, the official said: “They attacked us with a low-yield nuclear [warhead], and in the course of the exercise we simulated responding with a nuclear weapon.” READ MORE: 'Cataclysmic' history repeats itself as Russia set to default on debt They added it was a “limited” response and did not say what type of target the US military had simulated attacking. NATO carries out its own annual nuclear exercises, the most recent codenamed Steadfast Noon. A NATO statement in October said: “Steadfast Noon involves training flights with dual-capable fighter jets, as well as conventional jets, backed by surveillance and refuelling aircraft. “No live weapons are used. “This exercise helps to ensure that NATO’s nuclear deterrent remains safe, secure and effective.” Likewise, Russia carried out its own strategic nuclear drills just a matter of days before invading Ukraine. Putin joined Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko for a “major military cooperation event” on February 19, by which point over 100,000 Russian troops had massed along Russia’s Ukrainian border. The public announcement of these exercises might be for one of two reasons, security expert Dr David Blagden told Express.co.uk. Dr Blagden, a senior lecturer in international security at the University of Exeter, said political reasons and genuine preparation would both come into play. DON'T MISS:Vladimir Putin's 'emotional chaos' childhood laid bare [INSIGHT]Russia defied by Finland: 'Clearly a part of the West' [EXCLUSIVE]Putin wanted 'anti-EU' alliance with UK before Ukraine invasion [EXPERT] He explained: “If you’re trying to deter an adversary, what you might do is reveal the fact that you’ve been simulating you fight them because that is part of your deterrence. “They’re showing them that they’re taking that contingency seriously.” He added that since the late Noughties, Russia has “increasingly exercised” its nuclear forces, both with live forces and also with tabletop forces. He continued: “There was a time when they simulated bombing runs on Denmark or coming down the Baltic Sea. Will Russia and Ukraine reach a peace settlement? Let us know in the comments section here. “So, yeah, that is pretty standard both for political reasons to signal and also to actually prepare for that situation if it did happen.” Publicly revealing nuclear exercises and actually launching nuclear missiles are two very different matters.  Putin has, however, previously shown a willingness to defy even the most pessimistic of his critics, by invading Ukraine and allegedly using a nerve agent against a former KGB officer in Salisbury. If Putin chooses to use a nuclear weapon, experts say he could end up being the master of his own demise. Dr Heather Williams, nuclear expert at King's College London, told the BBC: “Russia is heavily dependent on Chinese support, but China has a ‘no first use’ nuclear doctrine. “So if Putin did use them, it would be incredibly difficult for China to stand by him. “If he used them, he would probably lose China.”