The Loose Women panel opened the show by discussing the NHS and how it can tackle the country's ongoing obesity crisis. Janet Street-Porter admitted to being in two minds about how the NHS can help people and questioned whether additional money should be funded to people who “don’t look after themselves”. She went on to add that one solution could be to come up with a points system like the air mile scheme or health passports. “I'm in two minds about this because the government has asked Heath Mills to look at how we incentivise people to live more healthily,” Janet began.   “He's the bloke that came up with the Nectar and the air miles schemes so maybe one way forward is to give us all a health passport as it was.   “So, every year, we’d get so many points like Nectar points or air miles, or rewards and we could choose how we spend them and what we spend them on.”    READ MORE: Coronation Street arrival for Daisy Midgeley's family with new set?  “What if you run out?” Ruth Langsford asked before Janet replied: “Well if you run out, you're not going to be able to get IVF or gastric bands or that cosmetic surgery. “There are a lot of procedures that the NHS fund that some people might say, ‘well, that's an option’.”   Ruth went on to point out: “There's a health survey and out of all these people quizzed, 85 per cent said, for example, alcoholics should have to pay for their own treatment, including their rehab.   “But then I think I understand a little bit why people think that's self-inflicted, but sometimes that's a mental illness.”     “They already don't perform operations on people who are seriously overweight as it is,” Janet added. “I mean, if you’re really overweight, you're going to have to wait even longer for a hip replacement or a knee replacement.” Kelle Bryan also weighed into the discussion and disagreed with Janet’s points system idea. She told Janet if there was a scheme and points system in place she would have run out years ago. DON'T MISS...Below Deck boss teases 'dangerous' spin-off in Norway [INSIGHT]Vera's Mark Edwards star on filming struggles for new episodes [NEWS]Death in Paradise’s Neville Parker sparks unlikely romance? [SPOILERS] “I think what people forget is that people who are overweight or who have obesity, the incentive for them is I don't want to be overweight, right?” Kelle said. “Because they're the ones that are living in difficult situations. “But there are also other factors like low-income families who haven't had the education or the exposure to differences in, you know, nutrition and facts and figures that can help them in terms of raising their children in a way that's healthier.”   Although Janet argued that it wasn’t the job of the NHS to educate children, it should be taught at school.   Janet’s comments sparked outrage with some viewers, and many took to social media to share their thoughts.     User @Dc7073Blossom penned: “Crikey my hubby has underactive thyroid which means he struggles with his weight regardless of dieting and exercise. It's not all about unhealthy lifestyles Janet.” Chris raged: “@loosewomen pushing a Chinese style social credit system via a health passport right now. Floating the idea to normalise it, without any comment on the dangers of it. What a vile creature Janet Street-Porter is.”   While Leanne said: “@loosewomen you cannot ignore the role of privilege in this debate on NHS & ‘lifestyle choices’. Obesity and addiction are illnesses, not choices."   “#LooseWomen Janet wanting to means test folk. She's ok, she probably had her knee done private, she can afford it,” user @DC7073Bloss tweeted.   User @CxxPIPxx added: “Christ alive, Janet Street-Porter basically openly advocating for social credit scoring system (connected to health & lifestyle choices).” (sic) Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.    