The audience member in last night's episode in Reading said the Government's response to the cost of living crisis wasn't "good enough" and called for "real action" to be taken. He also lambasted Chancellor Rishi Sunak's "Oscar-winning performance" in Wednesday's spring statement as "disgusting" and an "outrage"  He said: "I do understand your position as the Government representative, but it's just not good enough. "Talking about Russia, that's not good enough. This is the UK you are the UK Government. "You need to stop the performances, stop filling with data, the ONS, the National Audit Office. "The Government has said things that aren't accurate or they're just careless.  "We need to have real action, we need a vision for the country and we need to stop this 'oh I'm just going to go on a preamble' or 'the public doesn't know what they're talking about, it's time for action." "Don't take people for fools. Let's just get absolutely clear, get away from the performances. "Rishi Sunak, I actually quite respect him generally, but that was an Oscar-winning performance in deflection and it is disgusting and frankly an outrage. "And I need you to go back to him and say that it is not good enough and the public will not accept that." READ MORE: 'We're being ignored!' Dublin furious at UK playing Brexit hardball In response, Mr Hinds argued he wasn't trying to "sugar the picture" in relation to the economic challenges ahead. The Security Minister said the Government would do all it could to protect families from the impact of the cost of living crisis but added it couldn't control "external shocks" like the coronavirus. He said: "With respect, I was trying not to sugar the picture. "There is a very difficult situation, you rely on your Government to do what it can to help our economy, to help protect families in this country from that impact. DON'T MISS:  Nicola Sturgeon shamed for trying to dodge SNP blame on ferry disaster [REVEAL] Sturgeon told to RESIGN after FM forced to admit 'buck stops with me' [INSIGHT] ‘Totally undeniable’ MPs colluded with Remainers to try stop Brexit  [SPOTLIGHT]  "I absolutely accept that as the Government that is our responsibility. "I do also need to be honest and say no government can protect us all from every single external shock that gets thrown at an economy, like for example covid." However, the man was unimpressed by Mr Hind's response. He replied: "Where's the plan? Where's the vision? What's your vision long term? Not next week." 