A brief video filmed during the ceremonial welcome given to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge upon their arrival to Kingston, the capital city of Jamaica, appears to be showing Kate being snubbed by Lisa Hanna, a member of the People's National Party and former beauty queen. In the clip, Kate appears to be speaking to Ms Hanna - who turns her head away without replying to the royal. However, during other moments of the ceremony caught on camera, Kate and Ms Hanna were spotted happily chatting to one another. In footage tweeted by the Daily Express royal correspondent, Richard Palmer, Ms Hanna also appeared to have been left in stitches by something Kate told her. This leads to believe the Duchess had not been snubbed by Miss World 1993 but, rather, she was simply not heard. Nevertheless, some Twitter users were quick to comment on the awkward clip featuring the alleged snub. Follow our royal liveblog for updates on the Royal Family One Twitter user, @vee_victory, wrote: "This is priceless". Another fan of the Duchess of Sussex, @ct4224, made a reference to the Commonwealth Day service held in 2020 at Westminster Abbey and attended by both the Cambridges and the Sussexes. Prior to the beginning of the ceremony, Kate and William were filmed briefly greeting Meghan and Harry. Many royal watchers commented at the time on the perceived iciness between the two couples and how the Cambridges did not appear to speak with the Sussexes on what became their last joint royal engagement. READ MORE: Prince William stands with hands on hips in Caribbean for key reason They said: "It looks like she got the same response that she gave to Meghan at the commonwealth ceremony. "Looks good on her. No one is pretending to like them." A third Twitter user, @hortensewright1, added: "Meghan at the Commonwealth service says Hi". Finally, @LeoVerbenia said: "That one was for Meghan! Thank you Lisa". Ms Hanna also took to her Instagram account to share she had enjoyed a "pleasant" conversation with the royals. She wrote: "Today I welcomed Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge Kate to Jamaica on behalf of the Leader of the Opposition in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. "We had a very interactive and pleasant conversation throughout the proceedings as we talked about family, our cultures and our people. "There’s no doubt at this time that we all seek our true independence and want to develop systems & strategies where we become free from the monarchy.  "But until then we will always remain a courteous and respectful country. "I am a firm believer in reparations and as such when I was Minister of Youth and Culture I led the reparations committee which made strides in developing submissions to Britain which examined the economic cost of slavery to our country. "I welcome them wholeheartedly with our warm hospitality, and look forward to us having productive discussions about our future." Kate and Prince William arrived in Jamaica on Tuesday, after visiting Belize for three days.  The Duke and Duchess's arrival was marred by a protest held outside the British High Commission in Kingston. Participants were campaigning in favour of reparations for slavery. Retired professor Opal Adisa, who works with the Advocates Network - a coalition of Jamaican politicians, business leaders, doctors and musicians - accused the royals of benefitting from the "blood, tears and sweat" of Jamaicans' ancestors. 