A captured Russian soldier admitted he felt Vladimir Putin’s Russian invasion was ‘100 per cent wrong’ once he saw his two favourite boxers in Oleksandr Usyk and Vasyl Lomachenko take up arms against him. Usyk - the WBA, IBF, WBO and IBO world heavyweight champion - and Lomachenko both returned to Ukraine to defend their country from Russia. The prisoner of war revealed he began to question Putin’s decision to invade when he saw the duo take up arms. In a video released by Ukrainian officials, the clearly affected soldier explained how state media portrayed Ukraine as a country in need of rescuing from the grip of nationalists and ‘’Nazis’. “Literally I'm 100% wrong now. Don't judge too harshly,” he said. “We were told Ukraine is dominated by fascists... Nazis had seized power. We did not know the situation for sure. JUST IN: 'Never felt pain like it' Rocky star charged Stallone 'like a bull' “When we entered this territory I watched the address of your boxers (Olexander Usyk and Vasily Lomachenko). Back home I always loved watching them. “They said 'we didn't call you here'. I feel shame that we came to this country.” Usyk should be training for his sensational rematch against Anthony Joshua, but is currently in a Kyiv bomb shelter after enlisting to aid in defence for the under-siege city's defence unit. “What do you mean why?” Usyk told CNN on Wednesday. DON'T MISSEddie Hearn reveals mocking text from Tyson Fury after Whyte sell-outJoshua's five realistic interim fight options if Usyk rematch delayedVitali Klitschko admits 'we killed six people' while defending Kyiv “It is my duty to fight, to defend my home, my family.” The 35-year-old added: “If they will want to take my life, or the lives of my close ones, I will have to do it. “But I don't want that. I don't want to shoot, I don't want to kill anybody, but if they will be killing me, I will have no choice.” Usyk and Lomachenko headline a number of athletes who have returned to defend their country. Lomachenko - a three-division world champion - has been pictured carrying an M16 assault rifle after he signed up to defend his hometown. The 34-year-old posted an image of himself carrying the weapon while wearing camouflage with the caption: “The Bilgorod-Dnistrovsky Battalion of Territorial Defense is formed and armed.” The two former boxing world champions Wladimir and Vitali Klitschko, who is also the Mayor of Kyiv, also answered Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky 's call to arms and are now stationed in the capital, according to reports.