As the weather improves, this is the perfect time to get planning your summer garden. Spring flowers should already be planted, but now is the time to plant summer flowering bulbs and think about when everything will come into bloom later in the year. Gardening experts at Thompson’s Plants have shared the ideal temperature to grow summer bulbs and which perfect for growing in gardens. They explained that certain bulbs will brighten up any garden. The experts said: “Bulbs are easy to plant and grow and will help you grow not just a colourful garden but also a wildlife-friendly garden. “There are many bulbs that will attract pollinators to any size space.” The gardening enthusiasts shared the “ideal” temperature for plants to establish and grow a root system. READ MORE: Lawn care: 'Most successful’ hack for removing mushrooms from grass They said: “Summer bulbs need warm weather and warm soil to establish and grow a root system. “The ideal soil temperature needs to be around 13 degrees. “Summer flowering bulbs are usually planted in springtime, from March to May, so you still have plenty of time to get yours. “Don’t try to plant summer bulbs earlier to avoid them from not growing or root rot. “An easy rule to remember is if it’s time for your tomatoes to go outdoors, it is also time to plant summer bulbs.” The gardening pros have shared a few of their top summer flowering bulbs to plant right now. DON'T MISS:Orchids: The ‘trimming’ hack to keep your orchids healthy in spring [EXPERT]Gardening: The ‘most effective’ solution for getting rid of all kinds [TIPS]Mrs Hinch fans share £1 baby product for getting rid of ants [INSIGHT] These tall and stunning plants produce gorgeous colourful flowers when they’re planted in an area with plenty of sun. A hardier bulb, these can be planted in early spring and left alone until their flowers appear in summer. The experts said: “From bright, colourful blousy blooms to the more delicate variety, there are many Gladioli to choose from. “The tall stems may need support, but they bring such colourful flower spikes to any garden and also make excellent cut flowers.” The tall spikes of liatris look like blazing stars and bloom for an extended period in the summertime. The gardening experts noted: “They are excellent as cut flowers, and they attract pollinators, so expect plenty of bees buzzing around and butterflies visiting your garden.” These tough, herbaceous perennials should be planted from bulb in light, free-draining soil to secure extravagant summer blooms. Calla lilies flower from early to late summer on sturdy upright stems. The smooth foliage and elegant blooms bring some class into the garden, according to the experts. There are many colours from classic and calming white to vibrant pink, orange and dark purple. These are an easy plant to grow and flowers for a long time throughout the summer. Crocosmia has fiery coloured flowers in yellow, red and orange. The flowers arch on the end of the stem and look slightly similar to Freesia flowers. The gardening experts pointed out that these plants look “stunning as cut flowers”.