Rafael Nadal's ability to upset the odds and still perform at his current level is "mind-blowing", according to former player turned analyst Prakash Amritraj. Nadal has won all 15 of his matches in 2022, clinching three tournaments in the process. His Australian Open win in January took him above Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer as the most successful male tennis player of all time in terms of Grand Slam singles wins. Djokovic won three Grand Slams in 2021 to go level with Nadal and Federer on 20. With Nadal missing much of last year due to injury and Federer not having won a major tournament in four years, many felt Djokovic would move ahead of the iconic duo. However, Nadal took advantage of the Serbian's absence in Melbourne in January to land his 21st Slam. Amritraj says the 35-year-old has proven many people wrong so far in his career and continues to do so in 2022.  "The guy's had his greatest start to a season, and he has been at it for 20 years," the Indian said on Match Point Canada podcast. "This is the guy everyone said his body would break down and that he wouldn't last more than a decade. "And look at what he is doing at this age. It is mind-blowing, it is astounding and it is inspiring." Amritraj went deeper into his fondness of Nadal, explaining it is not just his on-court performances that impress him.  He added:"My favourite thing about Rafa is this: I have a vision board for people that inspire me, and Rafa is on there. "Not because of what he has achieved, but because he is the kind of guy that whenever I see a picture of him, it just gives me that instant reminder to give a little bit more to whatever I am doing. Just to try that little bit harder. "My second favourite thing about him is his attitude.  "I remember in 2019, when I was at the 2019 ATP Tour Finals, where he beat Daniil Medvedev in the round robin stage. "He was down 5-1 in the third set. And he says, 'The children shouldn't be inspired by the fact that I won the match from 5-1 down. They should be inspired by the fact that when I was 5-1 down, I never threw my racquet. Or that I never got angry.' And I'm like that's it. "Those are the two things I like most about him. And when someone embodies those two things, nothing surprises you." 