Jordan Henderson is one of the most important yet underappreciated stars at Liverpool. The midfielder has captained the Reds to numerous successes and has been one of the most important signings for the club in the Premier League era. Henderson arrived at Anfield in 2011 after impressing as a teenager at his boyhood club Sunderland. Liverpool paid approximately £20million for the midfielder, a figure which raised eyebrows at the time given that the club were trying to rebuild themselves, under the management of Kenny Dalglish, into title contenders. Thus, a more experienced and proven player was expected to sign. Charlie Adam, Stewart Downing, Jose Enrique, Sebastien Coates and Craig Bellamy were all signed in the same window as Henderson, though none of them managed to make as significant of an impact as the now-Reds captain. Henderson has since won the Premier League, the Champions League, the Football League Cup twice and the UEFA Super Cup with Liverpool and has continued to prove his critiques wrong along the way. TOP STORY: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel hits out at fans for Roman Abramovich chants in Burnley win One person who never doubted Henderson’s ability is former Liverpool chief Damien Comolli, who was the at the club between 2010 and 2012, who insists that Jurgen Klopp’s side wouldn’t have enjoyed such success over the past few years if he did not sign Henderson. Speaking to So Foot, Comolli revealed that he was actually warned about signing Henderson. “I was even told it was a huge mistake," he said. “But when you recruit a young player, you have to wait. Jordan was going to break through, that was certain. “I can assure you that without him, they won’t win the Champions League of the Premier League. I am 100% convinced of that.” DON'T MISSLiverpool have £50m transfer problem as Jurgen Klopp begins summer planning [TRANSFERS]Arsenal may have next Pires and Ljungberg and now just need to find their new Henry [OPINION]Man Utd ‘have Ralf Rangnick consultancy doubts’ as Erik ten Hag advantage emerges [REPORT] Henderson has made 314 appearances for Liverpool since joining the Black Cats and is consistently one of the most vocal and influential players on the pitch. With Fabinho sitting deeper in Klopp’s midfield trio, Henderson has moved into a no.8 role which has seen him become a presence in both halves of the pitch. The arrivals of Thiago Alcantara and Naby Keita over the past few years, as well as the recent breakthrough of Harvey Elliott, could have led the 31-year-old to question whether he would soon find himself warming the bench at Merseyside. But having captain on the pitch, even when he is out of form, brings out the very best in some of the Reds’ top stars. Henderson captained Liverpool to a 1-0 victory over West Ham on Saturday evening which put them just three points behind league leaders Manchester City – who take on rivals Manchester United on Sunday. “It was always going to be a tough game. West Ham are a good team and made life difficult,” explained Henderson. “We were prepared for that. It was tough but I’m pleased with the way we reacted. We got a clean sheet, which is important and got the three points which is the main thing. "Lanzini had a great chance, but we had chances as well in the first half. So there were chances at both ends. We dominated the ball for large parts and towards the end, we had to grind it out." Although it is unfair to discredit the rest of the Liverpool team for their success, Henderson’s role on the pitch and off it certainly cannot be understated.