A massive magnitude 7.3 rocked Japan's northeast coast on Wednesday, triggering a tsunami warning while shaking buildings and leaving parts of Tokyo without power. The tremor registered as high as 6-plus on the Japanese shaking intensity scale in some areas - meaning it was too strong for people to stand, according to public broadcaster NHK. Now the Japan Earthquakes Twitter account, which has more than 100,000 followers and forecasts earthquakes for Japan, California, Italy and Greece, has posted a new warning on the social media platform. The account wrote: "Very high seismic risk moves from northeast of Tokyo to south of Tokyo (March 17th and 18th)." The tsunami has already struck the Miyagi and Fukushima prefectures, according to NHK. Authorities are warning residents in Fukushima, Miyagi and Yamagata prefectures to expect after shocks. Tokyo Electric Company said some two million households were without power following the earthquake that it was checking the condition of reactors at the Fukushima and other plants.  Government officials said no damage had yet been reported at those or at oil refineries on the coast. The US Embassy in Tokyo tweeted: "Around 11:36 PM a 7.3 earthquake struck northeastern Japan. "A tsunami advisory has been issued for Miyagi and Fukushima prefectures. Stay away from water. "Power outages have been reported in multiple areas - including Tokyo. READ MORE: Chilling reason Putin has not assassinated Ukraine's Zelenski  "Rail travel may be disrupted. Continue to monitor news." Joel Rush, a sportswriter who was in Japan at the time of the earthquake on Wednesday, tweeted: "Really big earthquake here in Japan just now. We're fine. "But it was shaking pretty damn hard for like a good 2 minutes, which if you've ever been in one, you'll know is a long time. "Magnitude 7.3. Tsunami warning for one metre up north in Tohoku. Biggest in a while." DON'T MISSPutin hints at imminent climbdown as Russia sets out key demand [REPORT]Brexit POLL: Should UK just refuse to pay any more Brexit bills to EU? [POLL]Sturgeon torn apart for failing to deliver on green pledges [COMMENTS]  Japanese authorities are sounding alarm bells as a tsunami generated from the earthquake heads towards Fukishima. The same region was hit by a major earthquake followed by a tsunami in 2011 that triggered the Fukushima nuclear disaster. The terrifying tsunami reached one metre high, crashing into northern parts of Japan, according to reports.  Tremors from the earthquake were felt in parts of Tokyo, with some areas of the capital experiencing power outages. THIS IS A BREAKING STORY. MORE TO FOLLOW... 