Daniela Nadj, a university lecturer specialising in EU Law, made the claim in a post on Twitter. The St Mary's University academic wrote: “I have a sneaky suspicion that many people who voted for Brexit don't speak a foreign language. That might also explain their vote.” A heavy backlash quickly followed, including from bilingual Brexiteers and even Europhiles, one of whom accused her of "snobbery". Gawain Towler said: “I have a sneaky suspicion that many people who voted Remain have just enough foreign languages to give instructions to their maid, gardener and driver.” To this, former Brexit Party MEP Christina Jordan added: “Don’t forget the au pair!” Jan Collins wrote: “Why would people who voted for Brexit need to speak a foreign language? “Considering English is the commercial language of the world, when voting for Brexit it meant diddly squat to them whether they spoke a foreign language or not.” Leaver Janice Ramshaw wrote: “I taught Modern Foreign Languages for over 30 years and voted for Brexit.” Mike Ross piled in: “I can speak some of several languages which helps me understand the different cultures that exist which the EU want to eradicate. "That’s one of the reasons amongst many that I voted Brexit and am so glad I did. Pity ignoramuses couldn’t see common sense.” Christian I'Anson added: “I campaigned for Brexit. I was Head of Modern Languages in schools.” READ MORE: Guy Verhofstadt slammed after wading into Brexit freedoms row Dr Nadj hit back, branding Christian's political leanings as a languages teacher “absolutely catastrophic”. But the teacher said: “We don’t all need to have the same opinions. Linguists don’t have to agree!” Numerous supporters of the European Union also took to criticising Dr Nadj for her “ridiculous insular snobbery”. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] John Michael White wrote: “Brexit is terrible. But if your persona is built around you both being certain you're much smarter than your opponents, and being tremendously indignant that they keep beating you, well, you've my pity for when the cognitive dissonance comes crashing down.” Andrew Spooner added: “Sorry but while I voted to remain this kind of ridiculous insular snobbery has its own way of excluding those who don't fit.” Rather than give in, Dr Nadj doubled down in a later post, insisting England has a “big, big problem with racism, xenophobia and misogyny combined with disdain for intellectuals”. @brimsto28122695 jibed in response: “[Dr Nadj] fancies herself an intellectual, oblivious to the fact we've read her tweets.”