Good Morning Britain’s Susanna Reid, 51, has shared her thoughts on her ex-co-host Piers Morgan, 56, trying to steal staff from the ITV breakfast show. Susanna and Piers presented GMB together for around six years before his dramatic departure following comments about Meghan Markle and an explosive row with weatherman, Alex Beresford. The journalist has now reportedly poached a number of GMB’s top staff to work with him on his upcoming TalkTV show. It is understood that Erron Gordon, GMB’s director since its inception in 2014, was one of the first to jump ship to join Piers as the show's executive creative director and head of studio output. Meanwhile GMB’s assistant editor Ben Briscoe and long-time ITV daytime scheduler Vivek Sharma will also join Piers as series editor and executive producer, as reported by the Mail on Sunday. When asked whether Piers had approached his former co-host to join him, Susanna asserted that “he knows perfectly well” what the answer would be. READ MORE:Strictly's Katya Jones reaches out to ex Neil 'I hope you're proud!' She told Fabulous: “I hear he’s got this new TV show, I’ve seen the buses and the billboards. “Piers is a brilliant broadcaster, and he has a voice that is loud and powerful. “No [he hasn’t asked me to join him], he knows perfectly well I’m happy where I am.” She added that she maintains a good relationship with Piers, despite going through some “difficult times” together. Susanna continued to say that she is still in touch with Piers and he is a "really important person" in her life, having shared so many years together on GMB with an "incredible dynamic". She reflected on the topics they covered in the earlier days of the programme including "rows about the role of women and feminism", which felt like the biggest issues at the time. But soon, the arguments moved on to issues including Brexit and Donald Trump. Susanna said she and the team shared "difficult times together" and were on air during "powerful moments" in history. DON'T MISS‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence[LATEST]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak[INSIGHT]Alex Scott talks co-star Gary Lineker's rare 'emotional' on-air moment[NEWS] Since Piers’ departure, Susanna has cemented herself as the show’s leading presenter. She steers the show while sitting next to a slew of rotating hosts, including Alastair Campbell, Martin Lewis and Richard Madeley. Richard recently opened up about working with Reid in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. He compared hosting GMB to “learning to dance with a new partner” but noted that he “very much enjoys” working alongside Susanna. He gushed: “I’d say that Susanna and I have definitely become good friends in the last year or so. “She’s bl***y good at her job, she has an incredible eye for detail. “She’s a very professional partner and she is also good fun.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.