Russia invaded Ukraine last month in an unprovoked act of military aggression that has been condemned around the world. In one of the latest developments, Russian missiles have struck a military base in the city of Yavoriv near Ukraine’s border with Poland. Ukrainian officials claimed that 30 missiles were used in the attack, which it is claimed killed 35 people. Amid the violence in Ukraine, hundreds of civilians have been killed, while more than 2.5 million refugees have fled the country, according to the UN. On Saturday Mr Macron and German Chancellor Olaf Scholz urged Putin to agree to a ceasefire in Ukraine. The Kremlin’s account of the phone call did not mention ceasefires and said Putin accused Ukraine of using civilians as human shields. Alongside the international crisis over Ukraine, Mr Macron is also preparing for next month’s presidential election. The centrist incumbent’s role in dealing with the war in Ukraine may influence how the French public cast their ballots in the first round of voting on April 10, according to a European political scientist at the London School of Economics. Professor Michael Bruter, director of the Electoral Psychology Observatory, told Express.co.uk that the French electorate are “worried” about the crisis and that Putin “will not stop”. JUST IN: Poland warns Russia serious misstep a 'game changer' pushing NATO to intervene in Ukraine He said: “They care about the situation in Ukraine, of course, as we do everywhere. “I think that can be risky in the sense of being worried about it. “I think that there is a general sense in European public opinion in general – just as true in Poland or in Italy, as it would be in France – that Putin will not stop at anything. “That somehow this will have to be resolved one way or another. “There is definitely a sense of worry about Putin attacking civilians and about him potentially using chemical weapons or even – God forbid – nuclear weapons.” He added: “So, I think it creates a sense of tension in general, or a gravity really about the situation.” In the election polls, Mr Macron, who entered office in 2017, remains the firm favourite of all the candidates. The French leader is highly expected to make it through to the run-off on April 24 but it remains unclear who will join him. One of his main rivals hoping to take him on in the head-to-head showdown for the presidency is the conservative leader of the Île-de-France region, Valérie Pécresse. On the far-right there is also Marine Le Pen, who faced off against Mr Macron in 2017, as well as the anti-immigration, former political pundit Éric Zemmour. DON'T MISS: Putin humiliated as captured Russian bomber pilot says 'we have already lost this war' [LATEST]UK breakthrough: Metaverse tipped to be big equaliser in Britain’s geographic divide [INSIGHTNazi gold breakthrough as treasure hunter finds location in new evidence: 'Code cracked' [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile, left-wing veteran Jean-Luc Mélenchon will be hoping his radical agenda, which includes legalising cannabis, will be enough to propel him into the presidency. Professor Michael Bruter claimed that Mr Macron was seen as the best figure to deal with the Ukraine crisis. He also predicted that some of the more extreme candidates may fall down due to their previous sympathies for Putin. The expert said: “Macron is by far perceived as the most reliable crisis manager of all the candidates. “All three radical candidates, Le Pen, Zemmour and Mélenchon have had their names tarnished a little bit by being, shall we say, unduly supportive or positive about Putin at various points in recent months. “Often not very long ago. And of course, that is diminishing their credit in the election. “Because at the moment, being perceived as having Putin sympathies is not necessarily a winning position.”