Energy prices will rise by 54 percent on average from 1 April after the introduction of a new higher price cap and householders could be paying an average of £700 a year extra under the new cap. The cap, which is reviewed every six months by Ofgem, the UK’s energy regulator, has had a record-breaking increase mainly due to the global demand for fuel. With that being said, energy expert Myles Robinson from Boiler Central has revealed how to release trapped air from your radiator, saving you huge amounts of money on your next energy bill. He explained: “Radiators with trapped air fail to circulate heat properly, meaning you pay full price for heating without getting the right amount of warmth in return. “Your heating system will also use more energy to compensate, driving up energy costs. “The process of releasing trapped air from a radiator is called bleeding a radiator. “It’s a simple task you can carry out alone, if you follow all the steps safely and properly.” Below are Boiler Central’s easy steps to bleeding a radiator. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch cleaning fans on how to get rid of window condensation Before anything, people need to find out which radiators in their home need bleeding, as it’s important not to perform the procedure on a radiator that doesn’t need it. Myles said: “If you try to bleed a radiator that doesn’t have any trapped air to release, water will spill from it as soon as you open the bleed valve. This can rapidly lower your boiler’s water pressure, and your whole system could fail. “Once you’ve turned on your central heating, go around your property and check if any radiators aren’t warming up properly. “Remember that if radiators have cold spots or are warm at the bottom but cold at the top, they likely have air blockages. “It’s a good idea to wear a pair of light gloves as you check your radiators, to avoid burning yourself on hot radiators.” Don’t forget to check for rattling and gurgling sounds from radiators, as these are also signs that they need bleeding. Make a careful note of the radiators which need bleeding during this check. DON'T MISS:‘Effective’ methods for getting rid of ‘pesky weeds’ [TIPS]How to keep rats out of your garden - five key steps [COMMENT]Gardening: Alan Titchmarsh shares how to prune acer trees for spring [EXPERT] A good tip is to put post-it notes or stickers on the malfunctioning radiators, so homeowners can be sure which ones to start on. The expert added: “Once you’ve identified which of your radiators need bleeding, make sure you turn your central heating off. “Bleeding your radiators with the heating on could seriously injure you, as scalding hot water is likely to burst out of the bleed valve as soon as the air has come out.” When all radiators are entirely cold to the touch, that’s when to get started on bleeding them. It’s impossible to avoid water spillage when bleeding radiators, no matter how quickly the bleed valve is being closed after the air has escaped. Myles said: “You need to let at least some water to drip out from your radiator so that you can tell when the trapped air has fully escaped. “As a result, we suggest putting down towels and dust sheets to protect the floor around your radiators and avoid water damaging your floors or carpet.” Britons can also use a container to catch any water spills when bleeding the radiator. Turn the key in an anti-clockwise direction (use a rag to help grip the key, if the bleed valve is particularly tight). One done, you should hear a hissing noise, which is the trapped air in the top of the radiator starting to escape. The release of the air from the radiator means that the water in the system now has room to rise. This will happen fairly quickly after air has been bled out, so get a rag ready to catch the drops. The energy expert said: “Never turn the valve more than a half-turn when you’re opening it and be ready to close it quickly. “Modern radiators can release water as a jet and you want to avoid as much spillage and low water pressure as possible.” Once the radiator has been bled, Britons can go and repeat the procedure on all the other radiators in their home that require bleeding. Myles advised: “You should start with the radiator that is furthest away from your boiler. “If your property has two stories, start with the most distant radiator on the ground floor, and work your way up to the top of the house, ending with the radiator closest to the boiler.” Bleeding radiators always involves some loss of water, and this can cause the pressure in the heating system to drop. Myles added: “Make sure you check your boiler pressure as soon as you finish bleeding the radiators, because if your boiler pressure falls below a safe level, your heating system will become inefficient and use a lot of energy trying to heat your house, driving up your heating bills."