But no modern Chancellor has had it tougher than Rishi Sunak. Almost as soon as he entered the Treasury in February 2020, Britain was plunged into the Covid emergency, which required unprecedented action by the Government to save the paralysed economy. Now, just as the virus is in retreat, the country is confronted by a bleak cost of living crisis, driven by rampant inflation, soaring energy bills, massive debts and the global consequences of war in Ukraine. Yet, even under these intense pressures over the last two years, Mr Sunak has continued to show authority and creativity. His achievements have been all the more striking, given that he had such limited experience when he became Chancellor, having been an MP for fewer than five years. “He is very young, untested and no one knows what his political judgment is like,” said one civil servant at the time. Whitehall soon had the answer. Mr Sunak turned out to be a figure of the highest calibre, whose formidable intellect is matched by a profound grasp of economics, a command of detail and a ferocious work ethic. Of his long hours, one Treasury official says: “He is a machine. I’ve never seen anything like it. Often we have to remind him to eat.” The Chancellor gave another assured performance yesterday as he delivered his Spring Statement, which was distinguished by both its brevity and its tax cutting measures. This could have been a highly awkward occasion for Mr Sunak in view of the troubled economic backdrop. Just hours before he stood up in the Commons, official figures demonstrated the rate of inflation has reached 6.2 per cent, the highest level for 30 years, while earlier in the week the Resolution Foundation think-tank warned the public is likely to suffer the biggest fall in living standards since the 1970s, largely because of energy costs.   In addition, the expensive legacy of Covid still casts its shadow over the public finances. On Tuesday, the Office for National Statistics revealed Government borrowing in February reached £13.1billion – the second-highest total for the month since records began – while public sector net debt stands at 94.7 per cent of gross domestic output, a level not seen since the 1960s. Despite all the gloom, the Chancellor was able to strike a positive note in his statement, lighting a beacon of hope for better times ahead. He did so mainly through a series of dramatic tax cuts, which had his own benches cheering and his opposite number, Shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves, furiously rewriting her speech as she prepared her reply. His most important cut was the decision to help low earners through a massive rise of £3,000 in the threshold at which National Insurance starts to be paid, from £9,570 to £12,570. This far-reaching step is designed to take the sting out of the National Insurance rise of 1.25 percent the Government announced last year. Due to come into effect in April, this increase will raise around £13billion for the NHS and social care. Although these are both key priorities for the public, the plan has proved highly controversial, with Labour loudly opposing it and many Tory backbenchers voicing their hostility.  Mr Sunak’s rise in the National Insurance threshold is a typically imaginative and innovative solution, which maintains the integrity of the healthcare funding scheme but reduces the burden on those with modest incomes. As the Chancellor proudly boasted, his proposal represents “the largest single tax cut in a decade”, worth an average of £330 for 30 million workers. Indeed, according to his calculations, 70 percent of employees will now enjoy a tax reduction that is larger than the insurance hike. The other two cuts were important, but not quite as eye-catching. One was the move to slash fuel duty by 5p a litre as a means of easing the pain for hard-pressed motorists. Again, as he pointed out, this is not only the biggest ever cut in such duty but is also only the second time there has been a reduction in 29 years, though his critics point out that other European countries have gone far further in the face of the energy crisis. In Ireland, the duty has come down by 17p, in France by 13p and in Sweden by 10p. Moreover, with petrol prices at a record high, the 5p cut will only save on average £2 on filling up a tank. Still, it is better than nothing. The other key measure will not have an immediate impact but will certainly influence the political landscape in the run-up to the next General Election.  In another bold step, the Chancellor announced the basic rate of Income Tax is to be lowered by 1 per cent before the end of this Parliament in 2024, a clear indication we will go to the polls that year. With this trio of cuts, Mr Sunak has given substance to his claim in last month’s high profile Mais Lecture, that he is an instinctive tax-cutting Tory in the tradition of Margaret Thatcher and Nigel Lawson. He was mocked for the assertion then, since the tax burden – partly due to Covid’s legacy – is at its highest since the late 1940s. But yesterday he showed those words were not empty rhetoric. Many Tory MPs, like Sir John Redwood and Steve Baker, wanted him to go much further on the tax-cutting front, particularly by dumping the National Insurance hike altogether, as well as ditching planned rises to Corporation Tax and freezes to personal allowances. Their argument was that higher than expected tax receipts from the economic recovery, combined with lower than forecast public borrowing, created plenty of fiscal “headroom” for Mr Sunak to reduce taxes, which in turn would boost wealth generation and growth. There were even claims that the extent of this supposed war chest for the Chancellor could be as high as £74billion. But this fantasy of huge riches for the Treasury was not only built on pure delusion, but also ran contrary to another essential Conservative tradition: that of sound money.  The reality, as the Chancellor candidly admitted yesterday, is that public finances are still in dire straits. Total public sector net debt is £2.3trillion, while in February alone the Government had to fork out £8.2billion in interest payments on its colossal liabilities. This year, because of inflation, the bill for interest is expected to reach £83billion, by far the highest sum on record, four times more than last year and twice the entire defence budget. Such stark figures make a mockery of the wishful thinking about fiscal “headroom”. To indulge in further extensive tax cuts, funded by more borrowing, would be the height of folly, as misguided as another debt-laden spending spree. Britain cannot live permanently beyond its means. The currency would be debased, inflation would worsen. Furthermore the economic recovery would be put at risk, just at a time when unemployment has fallen to 3.9 per cent and there are record vacancies in the labour market. Mr Sunak’s restrained approach is far more effective. Yesterday he performed a balancing act, highlighting the same pragmatism, ambition and shrewdness that he brought to his Covid response. There are legitimate criticisms that could be made of his package, and Ms Reeves, in her own punchy appearance at the Opposition Despatch Box, uttered a number of them yesterday – like the failure to deal with endemic levels of fraud in the public sector or the lack of substantial help for the poorest families facing huge energy bills.  Contrary to rumours before the statement, there was no uplift in Universal Credit, just a limited increase in local authority hardship funds and a reduction in VAT for household energy efficiency improvements. On Twitter, the highly respected financial expert Martin Lewis expressed his despair at the inadequacy of support for those facing an average increase of £1,300 on their bills by the autumn. There are stormy waters ahead.With war abroad and inflation at home, living standards are bound to take a serious hit. But, by steering his middle course, Rishi Sunak has again proved he is the right man to be at the helm of the economy.