Businessman Steve Morgan says he has been "moved to tears" by the situation in Ukraine and seeing millions of people fleeing the war-stricken country. The founder of Flintshire-based house builder Redrow said he would pay the accommodation costs of the refugees for up to six months. Mr Morgan has already supported millions of vulnerable people since the launch of the Steve Morgan Foundation in 2001. The dad-of-six hopes other philanthropists will follow in his footsteps and help the people of Ukraine. He said: “Watching the humanitarian crisis unfold in front of our eyes is absolutely devastating.  "We have to stop the suffering and Boris Johnson and Priti Patel have to stop the delays. “Offering to sponsor 1,000 Ukrainian refugees to come to the UK through the Steve Morgan Foundation is one way we can help but we need to do more.” Mr Morgan said it’s impossible to put a figure on how much it will cost to sponsor 1,000 refugees but he’s also pledged to pay for their accommodation costs for up to six months. The UK government has come in for criticism in recent days over its handling of the Ukrainian refugee crisis.  READ MORE: Anger as developer blocks stunning valley view with high fence It has been condemned for the amount of bureaucracy faced by refugees, as well as for acting slowly compared to other EU countries. The Government insisted displaced Ukrainians must first acquire a visa, while some EU countries are allowing EU refugees in for up to three years without a visa. Staff at the Steve Morgan Foundation contacted several MPs on Thursday for clarity on the sponsorship process and are awaiting a response. Mr Morgan said: "I felt so helpless watching the images of desperate families fleeing Ukraine that I knew I had to do something.  DON'T MISS:Digital visas for Ukrainian refugees bring hope to British residents [INSIGHT]Ukrainian visa rule changes in full as Patel caves to Tory pressure [COMMENT]British dad helps fleeing Ukrainians in camper van [VIDEO] “The Steve Morgan Foundation hasn’t got the facilities to do it ourselves but we can meet the cost of bringing up to a 1,000 refugees to the UK. "This is not the time for delays. I hope other people will do the same.” The millionaire businessman founded Redrow in 1974 but has focused his time on charity work in recent years. He even distributed as much as £25.8million through the foundation last year to struggling charities in the pandemic. 