Moscow-Beijing relations are understood to have become closer since 2013, when President Xi Jinping came to power, a year after Putin’s re-election. Now, some Chinese businesses are nervous about the impact this bond will have on their interactions with the West, in light of the Ukrainian invasion. Jane Yan, Senior Executive at a machine parts maker in eastern China, said she was not too worried about the impact of the war when it was first announced. She told the Financial Times only five percent of the company’s sales are in Russia and Ukraine, holding off fears os significant financial losses. But with the force of Putin’s attack appearing to be on the up, clients have signalled they want to cut ties with companies based in countries ‘too close’ to Russia. Ms Yan said: “A Munich-based client said ’it feels terribly wrong to send money to a country that is tolerating war in Ukraine – sorry’.” Enquires from other European buyers have also suffered a drop, she said. The business woman stressed: “I hope the war ends as soon as possible.” China has offered to host negotiations between Russia and Ukraine, but has not formally condemned the war. The furthest Jinping has gone so war was to call for “maximum restraint” in Ukraine, adding: “[China is] pained to see the flames of war reignited in Europe.” READ MORE: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected The country’s Foreign Ministry spokesman Zhao Lijan, asked whether the war could be labelled a Russian invasion, said: “I don't think the question is of any point.” Xi Jinping appears primarily to have been “unsettled” by the coming together of Europe and the US in response to the crisis. CIA Director William Burns said: “I do think that they [China] have been surprised and unsettled to some extent by what they've seen in Ukraine over the last 12 days. “Everything from the strength of the Western reaction, to the way in which Ukrainians have fiercely resisted.” DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Xu Poling, a researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, claimed the conflict is far from Beijing’s interest and could end up significantly harming the country. They, quoted in FT, said: “China won’t benefit from the Russia-Ukraine war. “The conflict has disrupted global supply chains on which the Chinese economy depends. “China’s trade with Russia is far smaller than fevered economies like the US and EU.” Many with ties to Russia have been punished for the actions of its current leader. That includes Russians not of today but of previous worlds, including 19th century composer Tchaikovsky, who’s music has been dropped by the Cardiff Philharmonic Orchestra because it is "inappropriate at this time”. Tchaikovsky died 24 years before the collapse of Tsarist Russia and 107 years before Putin was first inaugurated President. So it is perhaps not too much of a stretch to suggest China – which is bonded in a sense with Russia today – will also feel some repercussions. Although the West’s reliance on it for trade may suggest otherwise.