Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi are set to go head to head again with Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain both having ‘proposals’ on the table to play in Australia this summer, according to reports. The two men’s rivalry has enchanted world football for many years, now. And it’s possible supporters will get to see the two icons strut their stuff on the same field again. Ronaldo and Messi have dominated football’s individual awards ever since 2007, when Kaka won the Ballon d’Or. The duo have both won that prestigious 12 times combined, with the United star clocking up five victories while his rival has claimed it on seven separate occasions. Their rivalry dates back to when Ronaldo was first at United and when Messi was turning out for Barcelona. And, now, Sport claim the duo are primed to go head to head again after United and PSG both received ‘proposals’ to play in Australia. It’s stated that, as well as the Premier League and French giants, Barcelona have also received an invite to play. The Catalan giants are working to ‘generate income to strengthen the club’s economic situation’. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And playing in Australia, in front of supporters from a different region of the world, would be one way of raising funds. United, PSG and Barcelona are yet to accept the offer. Instead, all three teams are currently waiting to see how things unfold and their availability for the dates on the table. Providing they do - and there’s a strong chance that will happen - Ronaldo and Messi would be able to grace the same field for United and PSG. And Messi would also go up against Barcelona for the first time since leaving the Catalan giants on a free transfer in the summer. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message The report says that competitions such as the Champions League and Europa League, and how United, PSG and Barcelona fare in such tournaments, will play a key role in deciding whether the teams journey Down Under. However, it would certainly be exciting to see Ronaldo and Messi go head to head as they enter the twilight years of their careers. There is, though, a chance United may lose the Portugal international when the transfer window reopens at the end of the season. With the club struggling to qualify for the Champions League, it’s feasible the veteran will jump ship. He’s never played in the Europa League or the UEFA Conference League during his career so far. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Luke Chadwick recently expressed a belief that, if the 37-year-old does depart, the likes of Erling Haaland, Kylian Mbappe and Harry Kane should be targeted as replacements. “The one to come in would be Haaland, he’s the one I think everyone would love to see in the red shirt,” Chadwick told Caughtoffside. “I think he’d relish the chance to play alongside someone like Ronaldo. “Working with someone like him would be a huge benefit to him, though obviously I’m sure there’ll be many suitors for Haaland. That just makes it even more vital to secure that fourth spot. “Obviously there’s also Mbappe, but I can’t imagine him signing for a club finishing fourth or fifth in the Premier League, whereas I think Haaland might see United as an opportunity to rejuvenate the club, and there’d be such a buzz about him. “I think he’s more realistic than Mbappe and they’re the top two in world football at the moment. “I don’t think anyone would be disappointed if United signed Harry Kane. He’s a Tottenham legend, a proven goal-scorer. “He’s not been at his best this season but you know he guarantees you goals, and he’d be coming into a United team where you feel he’d be the missing piece of the jigsaw. “It’s not quite happened with Ronaldo, and there’s been the change of manager and some uncertainty behind the scenes. “Pochettino’s obviously managed Kane before and he’s going to want to sign players he knows and trusts.”