Dr. Clare shared her keto take on a delicious Italian classic. She swapped out pasta for a low-carb alternative, cabbage. She told her 95,000 Instagram followers on her account @drclarebailey what inspired the clever diet dinner. Clare said: "Inspired by a recent meal in an Italian restaurant of pasta, walnuts and Gorgonzola - a classic combination - but it was heavy, with claggy pasta and over-thickened sauce. It needed tweaking! "So here is how it turned out when I made a keto version for lunch - much improved by swapping in sliced cabbage pappardelle, lighter, and with more zing thanks to a little cider vinegar and the juicy sweetness of the pears. "All cooked in one pan. So easy." Clare added a slice of prosciutto for some extra protein. READ MORE: Dr. Michael Mosley's wife Dr. Clare Bailey's keto breakfast recipe and best time to eat The diet expert, who is a GP and health columnist, detailed the recipe. Ingredients: DON'T MISSRebel Wilson's 'simple to follow' fat-burning diet plan [WEIGHT LOSS] Michael Mosley's wife Dr Clare Bailey's weight loss salad [RECIPE] Mum-of-two loses 7st and 8 dress sizes on diet plan [REAL LIFE] Method: 1. Toast the walnuts in a large frying pan, stirring occasionally for a few minutes until golden brown in places, and set aside. Do the same with the pumpkin seeds which only need one to two minutes and add to the walnuts. 2. Meanwhile Add the oil to the pan on a medium heat, toss in the cabbage, and cook, stirring occasionally for three to four minutes until al dente and still firm. stir in the thyme. 3. While that is cooking, in a bowl stir the Creme fraiche together with the Gorgonzola and cider vinegar. 4. When the cabbage is almost cooked stir in the Gorgonzola sauce and heat through. Stir in half the pear and scatter on the rest, along with the toasted walnuts and pumpkin seeds. This recipe is enough to serve two. Clare likes to add fresh ground pepper and chili to hers. For more of Clare's recipes, check out The Fast 800 recipe books. Clare recently shared a weight loss diet trick Michael Mosley uses "if the weight starts to creep on". She suggests followers try intermittent fasting if they are looking to lose weight. "Whether you are looking for weight loss and/or the benefits of intermittent fasting (IF) this way of eating is flexible and can usually fit into your lifestyle," she said. She went on: "And if the weight starts to creep back on you do a few 800 cal days to get back on track. That’s what Michael does now and then."