With the Russian invasion of its southern neighbour entering its second week, Ms Truss is holding high-profile meetings with EU leaders, NATO members and G7 peers. The current situation has become further inflamed since Russian forces seized control of Europe’s largest nuclear power plant, sparking fears of contamination risks.  With Britain no longer a member of the bloc, GB News presenter Darren Grimes questioned an EU reversal on its policy towards Britain. He tweeted: “The EU’s Foreign Affairs Council has invited British Foreign Secretary Liz Truss to attend their latest meeting. “I can remember a time when they told us that post-Brexit Britain would be relegated to the side-lines, that our intelligence and diplomacy would be side-lined.” With Britain no longer a member of the EU, the reliance on British diplomacy, intelligence and unity comes as tension on the eastern border of the continent rises. However, the UK remains a senior member of NATO and enjoys a seat on the panel of the global G7.  Speaking of the latest crisis to emerge from Ukraine, Ms Truss said the seizure of the nuclear plant was a “completely reckless act". She added: "We've heard now the fire has been extinguished, but it is extremely concerning forces are prepared to do this. “We have called for an urgent meeting of the UN Security Council. "This is a threat to European security and stability and we need those responsible to be held to account."  READ MORE:Brexit: Russia and Vladimir Putin's reaction to UK leaving EU Ms Truss said the meeting with EU leaders will signal a sign of unity in defeating Russian President Vladimir Putin. Ms Truss said: "We are doing all we can to support the Ukrainians through defensive weapons where the UK led - we were the first European country to donate defensive weapons - and we are also going to be talking about sanctions. "We have been very coordinated in sanctions, we have shown huge unity, it is having a big effect in Russia - but we now need to do more. "We particularly need to look at the oil and gas sector, how do we reduce our dependence across Europe on Russian gas, how do we cut off the funding to Vladimir Putin's war machine? “That is what I am going to be advocating at both the G7 and the discussions with the EU."  DON'T MISS:British military vehicles in Estonia storm to Russia border [REPORT]Russian rocket shrapnel lands in Zelensky's garden [INSIGHT]Putin taunts as Russian Aeroflot lands in Budapest [REVEAL] Ms Truss was not alone in British representation in Europe over the ongoing war. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace, speaking from Copenhagen in Denmark, called on Putin to “cease attacking such sites.” He added: "It is incredibly dangerous. It is not just dangerous for Ukraine and Russia, it is dangerous for Europe, and it is playing with fire that really is beyond anything that has to do with logic or necessity." Also representing the British Government in Europe is Home Secretary Priti Patal. Ms Patel will meet Ukrainians in Poland trying to flee to the UK as she faces calls to extend visas to all fleeing the war zone.  The Home Secretary will launch the Ukraine family scheme to allow Britons and those settled in the UK to bring their relatives over to join them. Ms Patel said: "The British government will do everything it can to support the Ukrainian people at this critical moment as they fight for freedom. "I have developed the Ukraine family scheme following discussions with the Ukrainian government and neighbouring countries and I am proud to have launched it within a matter of days, enabling Ukrainians with family in the United Kingdom to be welcomed safely, quickly and free of charge." 