After months of waiting, Robert Pattinson’s take on The Batman is finally ready to hit cinemas this week. Set in a totally different universe to the Ben Affleck Justice League movies, this version of the Dark Knight is in his second year of crime-fighting as Gotham’s Caped Crusader. The Bruce Wayne lead and his Catwoman co-star Zoë Kravitz have been doing junket interviews for the movie in the run-up to its release but one question left them dumbfounded. UNILAD asked Pattinson: “For you Robert, The Batman is the first Batman movie since Batman Returns to be rated a 15 in the UK.” The 35-year-old replied in surprise: “Is it?! No way! I didn’t even know!” He joked, before giggling: “Oh no it’s a disaster! Dark Knight wasn’t a 15?” Nope. Tim Burton’s two dark Batman movies were the last time the movies in the franchise were considered too mature for kids in their younger teens on home video. Although both are now 12A, so The Batman being a 15 (for “strong threat, violence”) in cinemas is a real standout for the DC franchise. Similarly, Joaquin Phoenix’s Joker is a 15 for strong bloody violence and language. Studios often like to keep popular blockbusters at 12A to reach the widest audience possible for ticket sales, however, sometimes keeping their films more mature pays off. Joker is the highest-grossing R-rated movie ever with over $1 billion made on a budget of just $55-70 million. R-rated in the US is even more restrictive as you have to be at least 17 years old to see the movie. However, if you’re younger you can see the film with a parent or guardian. DON'T MISSThe Batman release date: Critics clash over divisive movie [REVIEWS]The Batman: Colin Farrell was banned from finishing Penguin's look [THE PENGUIN]The Batman 2: New DC cinematic universe teased by director [THE BATMAN 2] In the interview clip, Pattinson had to explain this to Kravitz, as in the US The Batman has been given a PG-13 rating. Controversially, this is despite the superhero movie containing: “strong violent and disturbing content, drug content, strong language, and some suggestive material.” PG-13 means that the movie contains content that is not suitable for children under 13, but American parents and guardians can take younger kids to see The Batman at their discretion. The Batman is released in cinemas on March 4, 2022.