The West and NATO have come under fire for adopting a weak '"Chamberlain position" in response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Former Ukrainian PM Oleksiy Honcharuk raised the infamous appeasement of Adolf Hitler by British Prime Minister Nevile Chamberlain as he turned on NATO's inaction. Mr Honcharuk told LBC: "What I see now, I see absolutely incredibly weak response from the west and from MATO, incredibly weak. "Every week step from NATO, showing Mr Putin that you are weak, you are scared and you will not fight if he's attacked you. "I'm sure that after Ukraine, the Baltic countries will be the next targets, the next target and I think that in the existing situation, even if Putin will invade Lithuania or Estonia NATO will do nothing. "I'm sure about this because you are scared of some nuclear threats, and so on and so forth." READ MORE: 'Shut up!' Andrew Marr slapped down during live report from Ukraine war He added this Chamberlain tactic, this Chamberlain position is very weak. "It's too little too late even to instal economic sanctions. "It's not enough now we need total economic-financial trade embargo, total isolation and the direct military support. "So you can do this now and we can stop him together." Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba called on the West on Monday to supply Ukraine with weapons and apply more sanctions on Russia to help prevent other countries being dragged into a wider conflict. Ukraine has repeatedly urged its allies to do more to help it resist the Russian invasion that began on February 24. Some Western governments fear that doing so could pull other countries, including NATO member states, into the war. "To those abroad scared of being `dragged into WWIII'. DON'T MISS: Dementia: The troubling toilet sign that could precede brain decline [REVEALED] Prince William's anger after leaked photo: 'Worried for Kate' [LATEST] Putin TRAP exposed: Russian olive branch to Ukraine [REPORT]  "Ukraine fights back successfully. "We need you to help us fight. "Provide us with all necessary weapons," Mr Kuleba wrote on Twitter. "Apply more sanctions on Russia and isolate it fully. Help Ukraine force Putin into failure and you will avert a larger war."