The Chancellor Rishi Sunak is set to make his Spring Statement next week, and speculation is rife as to what will be announced. The controversial decision to suspend the state pension triple lock is still at the forefront of many people’s minds. The state pension triple lock is a policy which was introduced to ensure pensioners can maintain their spending power over time by increasing the state pension every year by the higher of: READ MORE: Universal Credit rule change could make Britons earning up to £50,000 now eligible However, the Government decided to temporarily suspend the triple lock for the 2022/23 tax year, as average earnings growth had ballooned to more than eight percent. In doing so, the Government broke a manifesto pledge and drastically reduced the increase pensioners would receive to their state pension, down to 3.1 percent. The change was made because it was deemed the high earnings growth figure was bloated due to a large number of Britons returning to work from the furlough scheme. As a result, the earnings link was removed from the triple lock for the upcoming tax year. DON'T MISSSunak unleashes inheritance tax and capital gains tax blitz in April - do this NOW [ALERT]Bank of England issues grim inflation warning as interest rates rise to 0.75% [WARNING]State pensioners could get extra £358 a month but they must apply for this DWP benefit [INSIGHT] The subsequent 3.1 percent increase reflects the rate of inflation as of September last year. But since the lower increase was confirmed, inflation has risen higher and higher, up to a 30-year high of 5.5 percent. This means inflation is currently outpacing the state pension increase pensioners are set to receive. They are therefore still losing money in real terms. Maike Currie, Investment Director for Personal Investing at Fidelity International, discussed the issue of the state pension triple lock as the Spring Statement approaches. She said: “Last year’s suspension of the triple lock was by no means a long-term solution. “As this was a statistical anomaly, it was removed from the triple lock, making it a ‘double lock’. “However, inflation is moving towards the same level, leading to some calling for a rise based on last year’s average wages to be reconsidered.” Ms Currie also outlined some other pension related issues which could be brought up in the Statement. She said: “Pensions tax relief - where you automatically receive tax back on your pension depending on how much you earn - may also come up in next week’s Statement.” Ms Currie added that there tends to be speculation around this topic at regular intervals. She concluded: “Any short-term adjustments could prove confusing and unwelcome. “A better solution would be for the Government to review the UK’s workplace, state, and personal savings as a whole, considering how they could work better together in the future.”