Speaking on Dan Wootton’s GB News show, the Daily Express journalist admitted that while the PM’s use of the “B word” may not have been a “wise” choice of words, it had been blown out of proportion by James O’Brien on his LBC show. Mr O’Brien described Mr Johnson’s comparison as “absurd and disgusting” after the PM referenced the two in his speech at the Conservative Party spring conference in Blackpool on Saturday. Mr Wootton accused “Remoaners” of being “hypocrites”, while Ms Malone said of James O’Brien: “He manages to bring Brexit into whatever his argument is. “It just happens to be this week it’s the war. “I listen to him some days and I think, ‘My God I don’t know how you wound it in there’, but he does. “This is just confected outrage from Boris’s enemies.  “I will concede that using the B word was probably not wise, but if people actually stopped and listened to his speech it was actually a very good speech. “If you listen to what he said before, what he actually was Ukrainians and Britain had a shared instinct for freedom, and that the Brexit vote had expressed this country’s desire for freedom. “I think it probably wasn’t wise to use Brexit in that context. “But they were actually saying he compared Brexit with the Ukrainians struggles with Putin, he did not do that.  READ MORE: Brexit Britain strikes huge £5bn US space deal to create hundreds job “Listen to the speech, look at the transcript. “I just think this is an excuse for his enemies to jump on him, everyone who attacked Boris over the speech has attacked him over a million other things since he was elected.” The Prime Minister’s speech last weekend was criticised by many politicians over his apparent likening between those who voted Leave and the Ukrainians battling Putin.  DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson ‘right that Britain wanted to be free from EU’ ‒ POLL [HAVE YOUR SAY]Boris set for crunch face-to-face showdown with EU -warning issued [LATEST]Remoaners blame expat exodus on Brexit ignoring war and energy crisis [REVEAL] He said: “I know that it's the instinct of the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom, every time. I can give you a couple of famous recent examples. “When the British people voted for Brexit in such large, large numbers, I don't believe it was because they were remotely hostile to foreigners. “It's because they wanted to be free to do things differently and for this country to be able to run itself.” Former President of the European Council Donald Tusk said the comments were “offensive”, reported the BBC. 