Manchester United football director John Murtough could boost the club's chances of landing Robert Lewandowski by switching his midfield attention to Monaco youngster Aurelien Tchouameni. The Red Devils are set for a busy summer, with a planned managerial change expected to be accompanied by a squad revamp. In January, United kept their cash in the bank with one eye on interim boss Ralf Rangnick's departure at the end of the season. When a new manager is appointed, they are set to inherit a midfield problem which will need addressing in the transfer market. Paul Pogba seems to be running down his contract at Old Trafford, and while Fred has shown improvement under Rangnick's guidance, questions remain over whether Scott McTominay has what it takes to anchor a title-winning side. West Ham's Declan Rice will be the prime target for many, but David Moyes continues to up his whopping price-tag, which reportedly sits at £120million. JUST IN: Meet Liverpool's 11-year-old 'guest' Beau invited by Alisson and Klopp to lift Carabao Cup French outlet L'Equipe claim that United are already eyeing up Tchouameni as an alternative, and the Monaco star could save Murtough and co a wad of cash if they pull the trigger at £50m. At 22-years-old, the Frenchman already has seven caps for his national team, and has been virtually ever-present for his club this campaign. As if landing a rising midfield general with sky-high potential would not be enough, recruiting a Rice alternative for a fraction of the price could also free up the necessary cash for United to go after a striker. Rangnick has already given the game away in that department, labelling their prospective summer pursuit of a frontman as 'obvious'. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Klopp offers Thiago injury update and return date Erling Haaland would likely top their dream list, but with a top-four finish far from guaranteed and other European heavyweights sure to try their luck, landing the Borussia Dortmund superstar could prove a bridge too far. Atletico Madrid's Joao Felix may perk the club's interest if he added more goals to his game, but as it stands, United may be tempted to take a serious look at Lewandowski in the summer. Reports indicate that he will seek an exit from Bayern Munich with just one year remaining on his contract, and a foray into English football could be enough to tempt the striker to Old Trafford. Mere months away from his 34th birthday, the Polish frontman is ageing like a fine wine, and has scored at an average rate of more than one goal per game since the start of the 2019/20 season. While some United fans may be keen to breakaway from the trend of signing veteran strikers, with Edinson Cavani, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Cristiano Ronaldo all entering the fray in recent years, Lewandowski may be a different prospect altogether. Indeed, the former Dortmund man is, at least according to the numbers, in the prime of his career. While his age and contract situation are unlikely to see him pinned with a mammoth price-tag, his wage demands and competition from other clubs are likely to make him an expensive package from a United's perspective. Switching from Rice to Tchouameni could therefore work wonders with the Red Devils' squad as a whole, with a move for Lewandowski made more realistic, thus introducing the possibility of a double swoop which could galvanize the team for years to come.