GB News presenter Eamonn Holmes has taken to Twitter to candidly discuss his "painful and exhausting" experiences with shingles. The former This Morning host, 62, suffered from the virus in 2018 and last year opened up about his battle with the condition. Earlier today, the husband of Loose Women panellist Ruth Langsford took to Twitter to reflect on his experience with the condition, which is caused by the same virus that causes chickenpox and usually affects older people. Eamonn told his one million followers: "Having had shingles, I know how painful and exhausting it can be. "That's why I am supporting #ShinglesAwarenessWeek with @GSK and @IntFedAgeing." Sharing more information about the campaign, Eamonn went on: "To find out more about the condition, speak to your pharmacist, nurse or doctor or visit http://understandingshingles.co.uk. READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him "Funded by GSK #AD," he ended the post, while sharing a painful-looking snap of his face from when he was struck down with the virus. Following his tweet, the star was soon inundated with messages of support from his fans, many of whom relayed their own experiences with the condition. Alan Lyons wrote: "Thanks, Eamonn. I had it about 12 years ago and literally could do no more than crawl back and forth from my bed to the loo for a week. It was horrendous." Chris Chard chipped in: "The worst pain ever from shingles felt so poorly for weeks." While Patricia Deri thanked the star for raising awareness of the condition, adding: "I had Shingles 12 years ago and it was no fun!" Last year, Eamonn bravely spoke about his painful battle with shingles during an appearance on Loose Women. The Irish star told how he had to temporarily pull out of ITV’s This Morning after the viral rash left a stripe of painful blisters on his face. Sharing a picture of his bloodied face with the panel, Eamonn branded himself "Quasimodo", adding that the experience was "brutal". DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart [INSIGHT]Shirley Ballas slams dancers for 'promoting business' amid Ukraine war [ANALYSIS]Amanda Owen on 'sobering' moment 'peace was shattered' at Ravenseat [UPDATE] He said: "You'll say, 'How on earth did you get that?' "Well, if you've had chickenpox and you've had the virus, it's there in your system and there's a very high chance - 60 percent or so - that you too will have shingles." The star explained that he had to have his face made-up to conceal the marks on the day of his son Declan's wedding. "That was the first marriage in the family and that was what I looked like on the wedding day and I had to have that covered up," he explained. “So you can imagine, I ruined all the pictures, I didn’t want to be in them. "I didn’t want to be the centre of attention with all this." During his interview, Eamonn detailed his painful battle with the condition, which he said ravaged his appearance. In a previous interview with I, the presenter told how he "jumped back in horror" after catching his reflection in the mirror while suffering from the virus. For more information on shingles, visit the NHS site here.