Naomi Osaka has hit back at fellow pro Stefanos Tsitispas, after the Greek star suggested that women should play best-of-five set matches at Grand Slam events. Female competitors currently play best-of-three sets at majors whilst their male counterparts play best-of-five. Tsitsipas however recently suggested that WTA stars should now also play out best of five-set clashes on the biggest stage. His claim came after suggesting that as female stars receive equal pay at Grand Slams, they should also play matches of equal length to that of the male side of the competition. He said: “I don’t want to be controversial or anything. There is also the topic of equal pay and everything, women getting equal pay for playing best-of-three, then getting equal pay for playing best-of-five. I don’t know… Maybe they can also play best-of-five, I guess. For Grand Slams, best-of-five, I like it.” The Greek’s suggestions have now been assessed by one of the sport’s leading female players in Osaka, who joked that if he wants to extend the women’s game to best-of-five then the male’s game should be extended to best-of-nine. She said during a press conference at the Miami Open: “Does he want to play nine sets? If he tries to extend mine, I'm going to extend his.” JUST IN: Novak Djokovic's rumoured new coach Mouratoglou takes down Federer ahead of return The Japanese star went on to add that she believes that there are too many complications to Tsitispas’ idea. She added: “This guy is so funny, man. I don’t know. I feel like that would change the structure of tennis. Like people will start doing things differently in the gym and stuff like that. “It will probably also take a very long time to be implemented, but also, a man is talking about a women's sport, so I don't think his idea is going to go through." Osaka also addressed Tsitsipas’ comments on women achieving equal pay within the sport. DON'T MISSAndy Murray's coach Ivan Lendl gives Rafa Nadal example with main goalEmma Raducanu defended by Kyrgios in brutal shutdown of former proLewis Hamilton explains talks with Serena and Venus Williams  “I don't want to be rude. I'm really trying to structure this in a way that's not like off-putting, but I think it's like decades of hard work," she added. "Up until now, women have been putting in the work. It's not just like, oh, it's come out of nowhere that you get paid the same.” Both Tsitsipas and Osaka are in the United States this week, competing in the ongoing Miami Open. Both will return to action in the early hours of Wednesday morning on their respective sides of the draw, with Tsitsipas taking on Carlos Alcaraz in the men’s round of 16, whilst Osaka faces Danielle Collins in the women’s quarter-final. 