Vera actor Kenny Doughty, who plays DS Aiden Healy opposite Brenda Blethyn in the ITV drama, has found new love, according to reports. And the leading lady in his life is said to be a former co-star. A source has revealed the 46-year-old is in a relationship with Ashley Jenson, who he starred alongside in BBC One drama series Love, Lies and Records. Emmy-nominated actress Ashley, 51, played Kate Dickenson in the 2017 show, while Kenny played Rick Severs. The reported couple were pictured holding hands and laughing together after dining out in Japanese restaurant Robun in Bath back in February. They are thought to have grown close to each other last summer. READ MORE: Gemma Atkinson fumes at Gorka Marquez after being left 'on her own' “Ashley and Kenny have been friends for some time, and he has been an immense support to her in the past few years,” an insider told The Sun. “They make a lovely couple, and all their friends are absolutely delighted for them. “Ashley is both a wonderful actress and person — and she deserves this second chance at happiness.” Ashley, who also starred in Ricky Gervais comedy Extras, has battled immense heartbreak in recent years.  She was previously married to The Bill actor Terence Beesley. But he took his own life in 2017, aged 60. They had been married for ten years and share an 11-year-old son. “I was extremely shocked by what happened that night and I will never ever forget it,” Ashley told the inquest. DON'T MISS... Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby [ADMISSION]Singer FKA Twigs bares all in totally see-through dress at NME Awards [PICTURES]Strictly star ​Adam Peaty divides fans with views on Russian athletes [TWITTER] "Terry and I had been together for 18 years but I had no idea he was capable of what he did.” Ashley had met Terry when they both starred in a stage production of King Lear in 1999. She has also played notable roles in comedies Ugly Betty, Catastrophe and After Life, another of Ricky Gervais’ creations. Vera fans were left disappointed when filming for series 11 of the Brenda Blethyn drama had to be halted due to the coronavirus pandemic. While the first two episodes of the latest season aired last year, the final instalments are expected to air later in 2022. Despite the setbacks, viewers have been excited to see Vera's right-hand man Aiden Healy, played by Kenny, return to the show to help solve another murder. Vera's sidekick Aiden Healy has been played by Yorkshire-born actor Kenny since 2014. Brenda called him “the most wonderful actor to work with, a constant delight” in a recent interview.