Erik ten Hag’s camp have broken their silence after the Ajax boss was interviewed for the Manchester United job. The Dutchman is currently leading the race to take over at Old Trafford. And the 52-year-old was ‘flattered’ after the Red Devils got in touch as they hunt a permanent successor to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Manchester United are weighing up their options as they look for a permanent successor to Solskjaer, who was axed in November following a 4-1 defeat to Watford. Ralf Rangnick was then hired on an interim basis but the German won’t be getting the job full-time, especially with his tenure yet to live up to expectations. Over the past 24 hours, Ten Hag has emerged as the frontrunner for the United job. The Ajax boss has achieved big success throughout his time in Amsterdam, guiding his club to two league titles and making them a difficult team to beat in the Champions League as well. On Tuesday, it emerged United had talked with the 52-year-old about taking over from Rangnick at the end of the campaign. And now Dutch newspaper AD have produced a big report on the situation. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz They say they’ve spoken to Ten Hag’s camp about the recent interview and say that while the Ajax boss is ‘flattered’ to be of interest, there’s no guarantee he’ll accept the position. Their report is quoted as saying: “Ten Hag is flattered, but does not stare blindly at Manchester United. It is stated from the trainer’s camp that the first conversation with the Mancunians went well on Monday, but that he has been polled and approached by several clubs in recent months, of which the English giant is potentially the largest. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “The coach has not completely ruled out a longer stay at Ajax either.” It’s noted that United aren’t prepared to make Ten Hag their favourite for the post just yet either. Other options are being explored, with Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique under consideration despite being contracted to Paris Saint-Germain, Sevilla and Spain respectively. Thomas Tuchel is also being watched, though poaching the German from Chelsea will be easier said than done despite the current chaos at Stamford Bridge. Ten Hag is reportedly ‘picky’ when it comes to choosing the next step in his career. And he needs the right conditions if he’s to leave Amsterdam for Manchester at the end of the current campaign. Speaking recently, meanwhile, former United star Jaap Stam sent a warning over a potential Ten Hag appointment by saying: “Ten Hag is doing very well at Ajax; he makes the team a difficult opponent for everyone in Europe and Holland. “He is very good at showing the players what to do and also at improving individual players. At Ajax, he obviously has the finances to grow the team with young players. For him, Man United would be another thing compared to what he is experiencing in Holland. He has to take this step forward in his career.”