 Former Doctor Who actress Catherine Tate has addressed rumours linking her with a return to the show alongside her Scottish co-star David Tennant. After promoting her new film, The Nan Movie, on The One Show, the comedian was quizzed by hosts Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas, who were eager to find out whether she would be making her long-awaited return to the TARDIS for a special reunion feature.    Both David and Catherine had starred in the popular sci-fi series at various points together between 2006 and 2010. During the chat, Jermaine questioned whether she might return for the 60th anniversary. He asked: "There’s a rumour that you might return for the 60th anniversary of Doctor Who?" Catherine appeared to feign a lack of knowledge as she asked: "Is there?” READ MORE:Antiques Road Trip taken off air in schedule shake-up   However, she soon teased: “I probably started a lot of them.” As Jermaine and Alex awaited a concrete answer, Catherine stuttered before adding: "What can I tell you? "No - I wish it was [true]," she said, seemingly rubbishing the rumours. "Well, no one has been in touch if they have." Despite not having an offer, the 52-year-old confessed she would jump at the chance if approached by BBC bosses.    She told viewers: "But I'm on the same number, I would just like to say. “So If you've got the money, I've got the time." Catherine’s appearance in The Runaway Bride garnered mixed reviews from fans and critics, but when Freema Agyeman announced she would be leaving Doctor Who after the 2007 series, showrunners returned to the Hard Cell star and announced that Donna would return for series four, to be broadcast in 2008. Moreover, a string of former leading Time Lords are also rumoured to make their comeback with David, Matt Smith, Christopher Eccleston and Peter Capaldi tipped to appear.   A TV insider said: “The BBC wanted something unique to mark six decades of Doctor Who and while getting all the former time lords together will be a challenge, it’s one Russell [T Davies] might just achieve. “After all, he was the man responsible for signing up Christopher and David back in 2005, and he is one of the few people who might convince them to be a part of the show again. “It remains to be seen if he can achieve an exact copy of The Five Doctors, but he will certainly want to capture some of the spirits of that landmark episode in these specials,” they told The Sun. DON'T MISSCoronation Street rocked as resident given heartbreaking diagnosis?[INSIGHT]Top Boy: Dushane star speaks out on series future if character dies[VIDEO]Clive Myrie pinpoints procedures to scupper Putin attack[INTERVIEW] When it comes to who will take the wheel in the TARDIS next, that's still up for discussion, according to returning showrunner Russell T Davies. But Jodie Whittaker has given her verdict on whom she would like to hand over the baton to, saying: “I’m going to pick an actress who I think is really exciting and I think would be phenomenal, an actress called Lydia West." She told the BBC: “If I had the power!" The One Show airs weekdays on BBC One at 7pm