Prince Philip denounced his Greek title and became a British citizen upon his engagement to Queen Elizabeth II in 1947. But for the first year and a half of his life, he lived in Mon Repos, a palace in Greece. The idyllic 19th century villa is French for ‘My Rest’, and the beautiful royal residence overlooks the sea. Before it became occupied by royals, Mon Repos was a summer residence for British governors until 1864, when the Ionian Islands became part of Greece and it was gifted to Greek King George I. The Greek monarchy was dismantled in 1975 and Mon Repos now serves as a museum. What does it look like inside? READ MORE: When to cut grass after winter: Exact date you should start mowing It is unclear whether the palace is decorated in the same way as it was when young Prince Philip resided there in 1921 before he was carried away in an orange box. It was reportedly restored in the 1990s. One large room contains a beige carpet, a dinner table and open butter yellow curtains allowing the marvellous Greek sun to blaze through. It is flanked by dark wooden furniture and lime green panels across the walls and ceiling. Another light, airy room with white walls and baby blue curtains includes paintings encased in elaborate gold frames, a mirror, and fireplace. One vibrant room boasts red walls, red drapes and red and white checked tile flooring. The architectural design of the Greek palace is neoclassical. The movement, beginning in the mid-18th century in Italy and France, has become one of the most recognised architectural styles in the Western world. Trademarks of the neoclassical design include simplicity, geometric shapes and dramatic columns, all of which Mon Repos boast. The gardens have been transformed into a park featuring ancient monuments and the remains of temples erected for Greek gods. The historical landmark honours Prince Philip with a plaque which reads 'Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, was born here in 1921'. From the outside, the grand white building is truly fit for a Prince. Royal fans took to Instagram to share their views on the marvellous castle. @thuglifesocial stated: "So beautiful. May His Royal Highness rest in perfect peace." @queo.love stated: "Very beautiful." @marymanseyart said: "So beautiful and romantic." @sofia_of_spain commented: "Wow! One of my dreams is to know this castle."