When it comes to the issue of Manchester United’s next manager, Erik ten Hag is currently leading the race. The Ajax boss has enhanced his reputation as one of world football’s most-exciting coaches due to the work done in Amsterdam over the past five years. And, now, a blockbuster move to Old Trafford seems to be on the cards. Manchester United have interviewed Ten Hag already as they look to get a new manager in as quickly as possible. Though the Red Devils are adamant it won’t be a quick process, especially given their interest in the likes of Mauricio Pochettino and Julen Lopetegui as well, it’s the Dutchman who seems to be in pole position to secure the role. Recently, The Sun suggested United would look to give Ten Hag a five-year contract. It was stated by the publication that the Red Devils felt the 52-year-old was capable of dominating English football for the next half a decade if, ultimately, he accepts the post. And if that’s the case, then United are certainly doing the right thing. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here First of all, by giving Ten Hag a five-year deal, it will imply he has their whole backing. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, Jose Mourinho and Louis van Gaal were only given three-year contracts at a time during their respective spells in the dugout, something that always suggested the Red Devils were looking in the short-term. But, by giving Ten Hag a longer deal, that would indicate they’re ready to be patient. Though David Moyes was given a six-year contract, United were impatient with his sacking in 2014. In hindsight, the Scot warranted more time. He inherited an old squad and wasn’t sufficiently backed, missing out on big targets in Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale, Cesc Fabregas and Thiago Alcantara. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message So United, by going for five years, would be making sure the world knows Ten Hag isn’t there to plug a gap. Instead, he’s there to build a dynasty. And that confidence, at such an uncertain time, would bode well for the future. Also, United may need the full five years to bring back the glory days given the state of the current club. This is a group of players who have been thrown together, still having imprints of the Moyes, Van Gaal, Mourinho, Solskjaer and even Sir Alex Ferguson eras. Ronaldo, De Gea, Phil Jones and Tom Heaton were there when Ferguson ruled the roost - even if two of the three decided to leave. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane and Alex Telles were all Solskjaer signings, while other defenders Diogo Dalot, Eric Bailly and Victor Lindelof were both Mourinho recruits. Luke Shaw was brought in during Van Gaal’s spell in charge while, in midfield, Mourinho brought in Nemanja Matic, Fred and Paul Pogba. Donny van de Beek and Bruno Fernandes were again snapped up by Solskjaer, as well as Jadon Sancho and Edinson Cavani, while Anthony Martial was another recruited by Van Gaal. It’s hardly a cohesive plan, with some faring better under different managers than their current one. And United will want Ten Hag to build a team in his own image, with personnel who are ready to sing his hymnbook. It definitely won’t be an easy or straightforward job. But United are looking increasingly likely to snap the 52-year-old up and give him the chance to re-awaken a sleeping giant. If Ten Hag does take over, the Red Devils apparently want a Dutch coach with knowledge of Premier League football to help him out. Japan Stam and Ruud van Nistelrooy are both potential options, having flourished under Ferguson during his managing days. And Robin van Persie is another, with the 38-year-old firing them to title glory upon arriving from Arsenal in 2012.