Maksim Chmerkovskiy, 42, has fled from war-torn Ukraine to America, having successfully reunited with his wife Peta Murgatroyd. The star was seen embracing his other half at LAX airport. The Dancing With The Stars pro was visibly shaken as he hugged Peta, 35, after having no choice but to leave his home country. The star was captured returning home in a series of emotional photos. The dancer has been frequently updating his concerned fans with how he's been doing amid the war in Ukraine. While still in Kyiv a few days ago, Maksim updated his Instagram, in view of his 1.1 million followers, telling them that “War is NEVER an answer". READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award Maksim also explained that he feels as if his “old PTSD is coming back” on his Instagram story earlier this week. He added that he would “never be the same". The star said: “This is stressful and I’m getting old feelings back, like I’ve done this before. "This does feel like the way it was when and why we left in the 90s. “Like my old PTSD I’ve finally fixed is coming back. “I literally only just forgot about those ‘always on the edge’ feelings and actually started worrying about things like BBQ grills. "I’m crying as I’m typing this because all a man deserves to worry about are 'BBQ grills’ and not f***ing war.” Prior to his arrival in Warsaw on the way to the United States, Maksim wrote that he was “not ok”, saying: "I’m tired. I’m stressed. I needed to rant.” DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan bids farewell after 'ruffling feathers' in new project  [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics [ANALYSIS]Eamonn Holmes shares 'painful and exhausting' health insight [UPDATE] "Thank you and please make some noise about this so the whole world starts screaming,” he added. Maksim also updated his Instagram on Wednesday night to show the scenes in Zhytomyr as people searched the rubble for loved ones. He had been spending time in a bomb shelter before leaving on a train bound for Poland. Professional dancer and choreographer Maksim has been in Ukraine for the past few months, working as a judge on Dancing With The Stars. He revealed on February 28 that he was arrested while in Kyiv, and was going to try and make his way out amid the invasion. He said that getting arrested was a “reality check” when addressing his followers, but said it was the "least traumatising moment in this whole thing as far as Ukraine is concerned”. He added on his story at the time: "There is a lot of fighting everywhere. The streets are crazy. At one point, I got arrested.