Manchester United star Harry Maguire is, according to reports, under scrutiny from his own team-mates at Old Trafford. The England international has struggled for consistency this term, under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Yet the German has already made his stance on the 28-year-old clear. According to The Times, United players are unhappy with Maguire. They’re said to be questioning the England international’s continued selection, especially with Raphael Varane and Victor Lindelof currently in form. United squad members have reportedly aired their grievances over Maguire at the club’s Carrington training complex. And with Manchester City next up on Sunday, Rangnick has a big decision to make. Their skipper’s form has gone from bad to worse in recent weeks, with the player particularly underwhelming against Southampton and Atletico Madrid. But Rangnick has already clarified his own stance on the matter. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Speaking last month, the 63-year-old responded to rumours that Cristiano Ronaldo was primed to replace Maguire as captain. And Rangnick said: “I’ve never spoken with players about captaincy. “It’s never been an issue with me. Harry is our captain and will stay our captain. “I’m not frustrated at all because I know it is not true – all the other things I don’t listen to that noise because I focus on preparing the team. “I have heard about what was written – yes there were players that were unhappy at the end of the window. “This has improved and the atmosphere in the locker room is better than it was a few weeks ago. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “It’s about performing well and showing togetherness on the pitch. That’s what we can influence.” Rangnick is unlikely to pay too much attention to what his players think. The former RB Leipzig and Hoffenheim boss has his own way of doing things and has brought some control that was lacking during Solskjaer’s spell in charge. It will be interesting to see, however, whether Maguire keeps his place for the trip to City on Sunday afternoon. United go into the match hoping to bounce back. They’ve drawn two games in succession under Rangnick, against Atletico Madrid and Watford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And with their hopes of qualifying for the Champions League hanging in the balance, they’ll be hoping to claim all three points. Maguire was wanted by City boss Pep Guardiola back in the summer transfer window of 2019. However, he ended up joining United instead after they paid £80million to Leicester to get a deal done. Speaking in May, Maguire opened up on his decision to reject City. He said: “Yeah they were both interested. “I spoke to City and I spoke to United but I grew up watching more of United – no disrespect to City – but I grew up watching more of United football, Old Trafford, being one of the biggest teams in the world. “I always had my heart set on this club. “I spoke to Pep and obviously the football they play and what he’s done for the club. “I have great respect for Pep and what he’s brought to football. “But it was United – my heart was set from the amount of interest they showed in me. “For them to pursue it over 12-15 months just shows how much they believed in me and how much I’d be part of the team.”