The pensioners are part of a 200-strong group of elderly expats in the Spanish region of Murcia who are engaged in a prolonged illegal homes battle with the local Town Hall. Many of the Britons snapped up their dream properties in the sun almost 20 years ago amid the Spanish real estate bubble. However, the houses remain unfinished and are considered illegal under Spanish law because they were built without planning permission. The expats, based in the small community of Gea y Truyols, claim they bought the properties in good faith under assurances from local lawyers, but that Murcia Town Hall allowed the developer of the homes to build without planning permission. For almost two decades, the Britons have appealed to local officials to segregate the land they live on into individual plots – a crucial step towards legalisation, but something that has so far proved a major sticking point for the group. The Escrituras (property deeds) expats were issued with when they bought their homes only specified that they own a percentage of a field rather than individual plots. And, because the properties are considered illegal due to the historic planning issues, many of the homes are not eligible for supplies of electricity and clean drinking water. Other key infrastructure in the surrounding community, such as street lighting and proper roads, is also missing. JUST IN: Putin's daughter: Anger over UK luxury estate where she ‘has home’ – ‘Seize their houses!' Linda House, 72, from Essex, whose home in the area was built illegally, has spoken of her fury at the “smelly and discoloured” supply of water from local farmers she has been forced to use. She told Express.co.uk: “We had water supply initially. We didn't know about this before we moved in, that we would only have agricultural water. “We just assumed as you would when you buy a house that you're going to have proper water, but we had agricultural water. “That is still the case today. We have agricultural water. We can't drink our water. We can't cook in it. “We shouldn't really be washing in it. Sometimes it's smelly and discoloured. “It quite often gets disconnected because they are not proper pipe works. They are all just below the ground because they are meant just to water trees.” The expat, who retired to Gea y Truyols in 2003 with her late husband Vic, added: “We know that in the UK, WaterAid does a lot of advertising about poor people in Africa who don't have water. “Well, there's poor people in Spain who don't have water as well. It's just unbelievable.” Linda is not alone in her struggle for clean water at her dream home in the sun. Another British pensioner in the area, Keith Willis, 71, from Windsor, revealed that the water at his house comes out of the taps “brown”. DON'T MISS: Poland’s surprise MIG-29 jet proposal deemed ‘untenable’ by Washington – ‘Inexplicable’ [LATEST]Putin troops in total morale collapse - soldiers shoot EACH OTHER for not killing innocent [INSIGHT]MH370 key detail found in plane's 'curious' satcom: 'Great significance' [ANALYSIS] The expat, who used to work at Heathrow Airport and retired to Murcia with his partner Pat, also does not have a proper electricity supply and has had to rely on expensive solar panels to power his home. He told Express.co.uk one of his main priorities was “getting fresh water that we can actually drink or cook with”. He said: “It comes out of the taps brown most of the time. So, fresh water will be the main thing. “The water is the worst thing, but then we just buy our water from the supermarkets in bottles and cook with that and use it for making coffee. “We wash up and have showers in the agricultural water.” Local Spanish lawyer Gerardo Vasquez, who is aware of the expats’ illegal homes issues, explained why they are unable to access water and electricity. He told Express.co.uk: “To get access to utilities you need what's called a First Occupational License, which is a document given by the Administration to say the house has been built with planning permission – what has been built is in accordance with the planning permission, it's got the services. “Therefore, it can be used and you can connect to services like electricity and water but those houses don't seem to have that.” Murcia Town Hall did not respond to multiple requests for comment about the expats’ situation. A Foreign Office spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “We closely engage with the Spanish government and regional governments on matters relating to UK nationals’ rights. “We encourage any UK national in need of consular assistance to get in touch with their nearest embassy / consulate or call the 24/7 phone line for support.”