Under a new strategy, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge will reportedly become the most prominent female in the Royal Family. Kate will make semi-regular appearances in the UK and abroad without Prince William by her side – including solo engagements while on tour together. William is backing Kate for more Princess Diana-like solo appearances, experts claim. In a new column for the Mail Online, Dan Wootton said: “With her three children growing up and a glaring shortage of senior royals to deploy, Kate, who recently turned 40, has accepted she will start making semi-regular appearances at home and abroad without William by her side. “My royal source revealed: ‘What will happen is that when the couple go on visits abroad it will be more like what Charles and Diana did, where they each branch out and do more engagements on their own. “They’ll go to the same country, but she’ll go her way and he’ll go his.” The Queen announced in her Platinum Jubilee message that Camilla will be known as Queen Consort when Prince Charles becomes King. Camilla’s title once Charles takes the throne had been unresolved for many years, with Clarence House initially saying she would be known as Princess Consort in a statement when she married the heir in 2005. This was believed to be out of respect for the late Diana, Princess of Wales, as Charles and Camilla’s well-documented affair contributed to the breakdown of their marriage. However, the Queen resolved last month, saying: “When, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service.” Former BBC royal correspondent Peter Hunt said: “This is the most extraordinary message. The Queen is ensuring the transition, when it comes, to her son as King is as seamless and trouble-free as possible. “She’s future proofing an institution she’s served for seventy years. And for Camilla, the journey from being the third person in a marriage to queen-in-waiting, is complete.” So what do YOU think? Is it fair for Kate to be the most prominent royal woman when Camilla will be the next Queen? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below. 