These yoga poses are "perfect to try before bedtime" if you are struggling to sleep, according to yoga guru Hannah Barrett. The yoga expert, who posts her tips and techniques on Instagram at @hannahbarrettyoga, told Express.co.uk: "Sleep is something many of us struggle with. "The following poses are perfect to try before bedtime for a restful night’s sleep, you can even do them in your bed. "Grab some pillows and prepare to feel relaxed and full of love." Hannah suggested starting with 10 rounds or more of seated three-part breathing from above. READ MORE: How to sleep: Never eat chocolate before bed and try 'very calming' fruit to get to sleep Restorative fish Place a pillow parallel to the short edge of your mat about a foot and a half away from the back of the mat. There is an option to place another pillow or block for your head at the back of the mat. Gently lie back over the prop bringing the bottom edge just below the tips of the shoulder blades and the other under your head (if desired). Melt the body over the prop and place the arms to the side or overhead – whatever is most comfortable. Stay for one to two minutes or more. When exiting the pose gently roll to one side and remove the prop. DON'T MISSDrinking a gut-health drink before bed for a better night's sleep [TIP] Swap coffee for another drink nutritionist says [SLEEP] Stop snoring fast with these 4 expert-approved 'simple' hacks [HOW TO] Happy baby Lying on your back, bend the knees kicking the feet up towards the ceiling. Take hold of the outer edges of the feet, or the shins or thighs if preferred. Gently press the sacrum into the floor Take five slow breaths here maybe finding a gentle rocking sensation from side to side. Savasana Start by lying on your back with the feet mat distance apart and let the feet drop open. If there is any pain in the lower back, bend the knees, bringing the feet flat on the floor and letting the knees drop in towards each other. Lay the arms by your sides away from the body, turning the palms to face the ceiling and letting the fingers curl in naturally. Relax the shoulder blades evenly on the mat and lengthen through the back of the neck. Close the eyes and allow the whole body to become soft and heavy melting into the floor. Stay here for five deep breaths or as long as desired. Yoga Happy by Hannah Barrett (Quadrille, £20) is out now and available in all good bookshops.