The former BBC Breakfast host discussed her decision to leave the show with another former colleague, Steph McGovern. Appearing on Steph's Packed Lunch on Wednesday, the two reminisced about their time as BBC co-stars before delving into Louise's decision to quit last year, in which the broadcaster confessed BBC bosses were "surprised". Louise stunned fans in the summer of 2021 after announcing her decision to leave BBC Breakfast. Having become a firm favourite with viewers, she felt it was time to move on after more than 20 years. Reliving the decision with Steph, she recalled: "My boss at the time was very surprised when I told him I was going to leave. "Lots of people who watch BBC Breakfast were really surprised too." READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role Steph explained she was equally stunned by the news, commenting: "I was shocked. "Normally I know what is going on before everything happens." Comedian Russell Kane joked that Louise should have announced she was making an exit from the show live on air before telling anyone. The 53-year-old admitted: "Do you know what? I was really tempted. "But I thought, 'Let's manage this in a way that is nice'. "But they were really nice to me when I left and I’ve left on good terms." Earlier, as she welcomed Louise to the show, Steph stated: "Louise! It’s so nice to have you here." "Oh my gosh, it’s so exciting to see this wonderful studio, brilliant environment and lovely to see you again!" Louise remarked. DON'T MISS... Phil Spencer unveils future of Location, Location, Location [EXCLUSIVE]The Apprentice candidate details 'absolutely savage' interview [LATEST]Homes Under the Hammer's Jacqui breaks down over late husband [VIDEO] Steph continued: "Doesn’t it feel weird because normally, we worked together on BBC Breakfast for about eight years. "It was funny because it would always be quite serious but before we went on air, we’d always be having a laugh and smiling." She added: "Then all of a sudden, the bongs go!” Back in June, Louise officially confirmed her plans to leave BBC Breakfast. She told viewers: "I have absolutely loved being part of it. "I will really miss it but it is time now to stop that alarm, early in the morning. "And thank you for watching all of those years as well." Steph’s Packed Lunch airs weekdays at 12.30pm on Channel 4 and All 4.