Micah Richards has quashed comments that suggested he was being disrespectful to fellow Sky pundit Roy Keane in the aftermath of Manchester City's 4-1 annihilation of bitter rivals Manchester United on Sunday. Former City star Richards and United legend Keane lined up alongside Gary Neville and Jamie Redknapp in the studio prior to the hotly-anticipated derby at the Etihad Stadium. City raced into a 2-1 lead at half-time with a brace from Kevin de Bruyne, with United posing a decent challenge for the hosts until the interval. However, the second half was a different story as City put United to the sword with a double from Riyad Mahrez to take home all three points in a 4-1 drubbing over their arch enemy. United failed to even muster a shot after the break as City showed the gulf in quality between the two sides, much to Keane's anger in the post-match analysis. The United legend exploded into a furious rant, which left ex-City star Richards in stitches.  An Independent reporter tweeted that Richards' reaction was a tad 'disrespectful' but the City man has fired back to shut down those claims. "Deary deary me!" Richards began. "When [Graeme] Souness says to me, "forget everything you've just said" or [Gary] Neville says to me "stop ranting you're not making sense" I don't see you saying it's disrespectful to me so stop this nonsense. "It's really not that deep. We all have respect for each other!!" Keane embarked on a tirade of anger following what can only be described as an inept United performance. From the 75th minute until the 90th, a statistic appeared on Sky that showed City had 92 per cent possession in that period - limiting United to a measly eight per cent. And after the toothless showing from the Red Devils, Keane claimed that six players who played in the tie should 'never play for United again'. "I was getting really frustrated watching it. I can forgive mistakes but you've got to run back," Keane said.  "There were players, five or six players, and I was thinking they should never play for Man United again. "Just shameful, shameful that you can't run back, that you can't put your body on the line." Keane's ex-team-mate Neville was just as critical, accusing United of 'giving up'. "I have to say Manchester United's response to going 3-1 down is embarrassing," Neville added. "I've never seen that, in any game of football, 92 per cent possession. They've given up. I get the fact it's hard, you're playing against a top team. But they're walking around the pitch. Nowhere near good enough."  