Max Verstappen will be desperate to secure his first victory of the new Formula One season by pipping the likes of Charles Leclerc and pole-sitter Sergio Perez to the chequered flag at this evening's Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. The Dutchman was cruelly denied a podium finish in Bahrain at the last time of asking but will be hoping that Red Bull have ironed out their previous reliability issues ahead of his next outing at the Jeddah Corniche Circuit. Verstappen was hit with a mechanical issue during the last few laps in Bahrain that forced him to retire before Perez suffered a similar fate to cap off a hugely disappointing weekend for Red Bull. The Austrian outfit were close to matching Ferrari in terms of pace over the course of the contest and it seems as though another titanic battle between the two Constructors' Championship rivals will unfold later today in Saudi Arabia.The Ferrari duo of Leclerc and Carlos Sainz will start ahead of fourth-placed Verstappen on the grid after qualifying in second and third place respectively on Saturday. However, the defending world champion will seemingly have a major advantage when the race gets underway thanks to Red Bull's aggressive setup on the streets of Jeddah.Ferrari were almost half a second slower than Red Bull on the straights in qualifying due to the latter's decision to run a low-downforce configuration, according to Formu1a.uno. It is claimed that both Red Bull cars were almost 12km/h faster on the home straight, five on the straight between Turn Two and Turn Four and up to nine in the high-speed sections between Turn 16 and Turn 22. JUST IN: Saudi GP guarded by 'anti-aircraft guns' after Hamilton united drivers However, Ferrari gained the vast majority of their deficit back in the corners as a result of their conservative approach to the Jeddah Corniche Circuit. The historic Italian team opted to strike a balance between straight-line speed and cornering ability after identifying a medium-load setup as the best compromise between pure performance and tyre management.The situation is likely to mean that Verstappen will have very little room for error in order to beat Leclerc and Sainz to the chequered flag when the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix gets underway this evening. That said, if he is able to perform at his very best and use his superior performance on the straights to his advantage, he will have every chance of claiming his first victory of the new season at the end of the 50-lap contest. Verstappen struggled for grip during his Q3 run on Saturday and will be hoping for greater control over the rear end of his RB18 car in the slower areas of the circuit over the course of today's race. The 24-year-old revealed after the session that he was somewhat puzzled by his qualifying result before hinting that he may decide to make a number of pre-race tweaks in order to maximise his performance levels."It wasn’t amazing in Q3, I think Q1 and Q2 everything was looking quite good," he told Sky Sports F1. "My first set [of tyres] in Q3 were terrible. They were just moving around a lot more so it was really difficult for me to drive."When you have that bad of a rhythm and you go onto your second tyre set, I didn’t really feel comfortable. I did something different, maybe it wasn’t the right thing. I was quite confident that it would work." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE