Meghan Markle, 40, tied the knot with Prince Harry, 37, in 2018. But prior to this, Meghan was a successful actress over in North America. She starred in Suits from 2011 to 2016, and in this time she also ran a lifestyle blog called The Tig.  Many of her outfits at this time seemed to resemble Kate Middleton’s outfits during her early years as a member of the Royal Family.   Everything from Kate’s engagement interview dress to her Dolce & Gabbana black lace dress, Meghan seemed to emulate in her own style.   Daena Borrowman, the Marketing Manager at jewellerybox spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain whether Meghan was inspired by Kate’s style, prior to being a royal.   She said: “Meghan and Kate are both fashion influencers in their own right. READ MORE: Kate's appearance at 2022 Commonwealth Day shows 'happier family team' “For two women that live much of their lives in the spotlight, they have naturally become well acquainted with looks that photograph well.   “It is only natural that their senses of style are constantly compared to each other by the media because both Duchesses actually have a lot in common,” the expert claimed.   Daena continued: “In terms of their signature style, Meghan and Kate consistently keep proving that the formula to looking sensational is centred around a statement coat combined with unpretentious wardrobe staples.   “Whilst making public appearances, Meghan and Kate tend to stick to tailored, elegant and minimalist outfits, with a sleek heel and dainty jewellery. “However, both women switch to much more laidback looks when they are off duty, favouring jeans, tee shirts and trainers or loafers.”   What are the meanings behind Kate and Meghan’s similar outfits?   Daena added: “Meghan and Kate both use their outfits to champion causes close to their hearts.   “While Kate loves supporting British made fashion, Meghan goes a step further.    “She has a history of backing feminist and female led causes, even before her royal initiation.   “Since becoming royal, she has been using her clothes and jewellery to make strong statements of support to smaller designers from around the world.   “She loves to wear ethical fashion made out of recycled materials, like the pointed Rothy’s ballerinas she wore on her trip to Australia which were made of plastic bottles.”   But how is Meghan’s style different now?    The expert said: “Not much has changed about Meghan between her pre and post royal days.   “Before she became a Duchess, Meghan’s outfits had bold prints, more colour and more daring necklines, but there wasn’t a fascinator in sight.   “However photographs dating back to 2006 prove that she has always been confident in high heels.   “She has always fancied a well cut dress in a strong silhouette.” 