 The Government has ruled out cutting VAT by five percent on electricity for public electric vehicle charge points. If it had been reduced to five percent, it would have matched the rates that homeowners benefit from with their own charge points.  It is estimated that about 40 percent of households do not have access to off-street parking or are in rental accommodation so are not able to charge their electric vehicle (EV) at home. However, Helen Whately, Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury, said that the Government has “no plans” to review the current rate of VAT applied to charging EVs. In a written response to Conservative MP Stephen Metcalfe, Whately said that to “keep costs down for families”, the supply of electricity for domestic use attracts the reduced rate of VAT at five percent. She added: “The Government has not specifically introduced a reduced rate for charging EVs at home. READ MORE: Drivers rage at EVs taking over as chargers to outnumber fuel pumps  “However, the practical challenges of differentiating between the electricity used at home for general domestic purposes, and electricity used to charge EVs currently mean that the reduced rate is effectively being applied to EV home-charging.” Electricity supplied at EV charging points in public places is subject to the standard rate of VAT which is 20 percent. Applying the reduced rate of VAT to electricity supplied at EV charging points in public places would “come at a cost”, she added. Nicholas Lyes, head of roads policy for the RAC, commented on the news, saying the Government should reconsider their decision. DON'T MISSMotorists urged to save on fuel costs by only half-filling tank [INSIGHT]Wheeler Dealers Mike Brewer believes 2030 car ban will be delayed [COMMENT]Drivers urged to ‘hypermile’ to save around £600 a year on fuel costs [IMPORTANT]  He said: “It’s disappointing the Government appears to be closing the door on fairer taxation for electric vehicles. “The real issue is that those EV owners without driveways will be hugely dependent on public chargepoints, so it cannot be fair they are effectively being hit with a much higher rate of taxation than those that can charge at home. “If the Government wants to make electric vehicle ownership truly universal, it needs to rectify this anomaly quickly.” VAT makes a significant contribution towards the public finances, raising around £130 billion in 2019 and 2020, and helps fund the Government's priorities including the NHS, schools, and defence.  Quentin Willson, founder of the RAC-backed FairCharge campaign, said: “With the huge windfall in Treasury receipts because of higher oil and fuel prices there’s plenty of fiscal room to bring VAT on public charging down from 20 percent to five percent. “For those without driveways or parking spaces the 20 percent VAT levy will mean millions of voters will be excluded from driving an EV. “This is a massive Treasury policy blunder with serious societal implications. “FairCharge has worked out that at the current rate of EV adoption, lowering the VAT on public charging would cost just £14million.  “That’s a tiny raindrop echoing in an ocean.” This comes as new research has found that the UK will need between 253,000 and 661,000 extra EV charge points by 2035 to meet the phase out of internal combustion engine (ICE) vehicles. There are fewer than 30,000 charge points in place today, but a new report from the EV Energy Taskforce suggests that, with the right conditions, a tenfold increase is possible.