The Sizewell C Consortium has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) for Yorkshire-based engineering firm Sheffield Forgemasters to supply future large-scale gigawatt nuclear projects. The consortium is a group of over 250 leading companies and Trade Unions from across the nuclear supply chain. Sizewell C is the proposed nuclear project poised to be the UK's next major plant. Sheffield Forgemasters is set to provide a variety of crucial components to the project, including nuclear grade steel castings and forgings. The agreement also signals the potential longer-term opportunities for collaboration on future European Pressurised Reactor (EPR) projects in Britain. it builds on the back of three former agreements signed by the Sizewell C Consortium with Wales, the North of England and East of England. It is set to bring a £7.2billion boost to the supply chain and create 70,000 job opportunities throughout the construction of Sizewell C.  David Bond, CEO of Sheffield Forgemasters, commented: “Joining the Sizewell C Consortium marks a positive step forward for our business and unites two strategically significant industries at the forefront of driving clean energy growth opportunities for Britain. "We will be manufacturing qualification components in order to join the supply chain for Sizewell C, with the eventual aim, to supply components into the build. "If we can secure supply into the UK’s nuclear fleet, we can continue to invest in our workforce, provide local high-skilled job opportunities, and re-shore nuclear manufacturing for the UK fleet.” Cameron Gilmour, Spokesperson for the Sizewell C Consortium, commented: “We are delighted to welcome Sheffield Forgemasters into the Sizewell C Consortium. READ MORE: Putin bowel cancer speculation fuelled by ‘Moon face’ fears "With a long history of supporting British infrastructure builds, their knowledge and expertise will be valuable in driving forward our ability to deliver new large-scale nuclear, with Sizewell C as the next project in line. " This comes as Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced that the UK will receive up to 25 percent of its electricity from nuclear power, as it looks to slash ties with foreign importers like Russia. On Monday, Mr Johnson met executives from major nuclear utilities and technology companies including Rolls-Royce, France’s EDF, and the Westinghouse and Bechtel from the US, to discuss how Britain can accelerate the rollout of the energy source. Tom Greatrex, the chief executive of the Nuclear Industry Association (NIA), said: “Accelerating nuclear projects is absolutely essential to keep energy costs down, cut expensive gas imports and strengthen our energy security as we move towards net zero. DON'T MISS UK to launch first power station in SPACE [REVEAL] Germany blocks West from scuppering Putin's energy ties [INSIGHT] Putin blinks first: Bumper gas supplies sent to EU [REPORT] “That means urgently investing in a fleet of large and small nuclear stations, alongside renewable investment, to deliver the clean, sovereign power we need.” This announcement will also come as a lifeline as the UK's existing nuclear fleet has been declining. Hunterston B in Scotland shut down earlier this year, while Hinkley Point B in Somerset is scheduled to be closer later this year.