A gardener who has fans swooning over his green grass uses a seaweed product to feed his grass and have the lawn looking spectacular. Gardening expert Sam runs JayRock LawnCare & Gardening and posts his expertise online on his Youtube and Instagram accounts. Sam said: "I've been seeing a lot of people saying, 'I've got slightly yellow grass, slightly brown', what's going on?' "The thing is, it's just a stress factor from going through winter. "The grass is malnourished and it needs a pick me up. "So, this is a treatment I offer. It can be done year-round because it has many benefits, but coming out of winter it's going to help out." READ MORE: 'Perfect' technique for cutting grass - follow 'the golden rule' to avoid yellow grass Sam uses a product called Seafeed Xtra on his lawn. The product is an organic liquid seaweed fertiliser, which contains additional iron and plant-based amino acids makers claim "improve a plant's root development and crop yield". Sam is a big fan of the product and says: "This is amazing. It's full of vitamins and minerals and it increases chlorophyll, which helps the plant take in more good. "It helps green the grass up and helps with the growth." DON'T MISSHow to grow grass seed: Critical but easy technique [HACK] 'Good starting point': When to cut your grass [TIPS] Vital lawn care instructions from Mark Lane [EXPERT] How is the product used? Apply 10ml per five litres every 28 days to treat 20m sq. Sam went on: "Bear in mind when you are using this, everyone is working with slightly different conditions. "Find what works for you within those guidelines." Seaweed feeds grass directly and has a lot of health benefits for the plant. When scattered on the ground, seaweed nutrients are absorbed through the leaves and the roots of the grass. This increases chlorophyll production in the grass. Chlorophyll helps the plant generate food from the sun and is also what causes a vibrant green colour. Seaweed has been used on lawns for generations to feed grass and improve the look of gardens. Sam recently discussed a product that promises to make grass greener in two hours. The expert reviewed the TotalLawn Instant Green, telling fans: "It's a product they claimed can green up your garden in two hours. "Within two hours you are supposed to see and noticeable difference, and I'm guessing the reason why is the main ingredient, chelated iron." After using the product, Sam said: "I think you'd agree, the greener colour certainly came through."