Universal Credit and PIP are two of the most common benefits claimed by Britons to assist in everyday life. It is for this reason that unscrupulous fraudsters are hunting for their next victim, targeting many through elaborate scams. Cifas has now issued an alert that scammers are turning to the benefit system with claimants on their mind. Universal Credit and Personal Independence Payment recipients are at particular risk of being scammed. Con artists are purporting to be from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), as well as other Government departments. Scam correspondence can differ, preying on people’s vulnerabilities and uncertainties. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak could SLASH pension tax-free cash in looming statement At the start of the pandemic, Universal Credit claims soared in their millions with families suffering financial difficulties. Record numbers of individuals have also applied for a Personal Independence Payment (PIP) to help them with the cost of living with a disability or health condition. As such, a new wave of benefit-related crime has surged, to target people who may not have totally got to grips with a new payment. Other recent scams have involved people being told they are eligible for a council tax refund or an energy bill rebate. DON'T MISSState pension: Can you inherit a state pension? [EXPLAINED]Universal Credit and PIP payment dates to change next month [INSIGHT]Barclays issues warning as man loses £3,000 forever to vicious fraud [WARNING] This directly targets people’s concerns regarding the rising cost of living, and could make them more susceptible to falling for a scam. Fraudsters can be very sophisticated and convincing, so it is vital for individuals to remain on their guard. If an offer sounds too good to be true, then it probably is, and Britons should not engage with it. Cifas has urged any individual receiving such offers to follow advice from reputable sources. The key source is the Government website which offers official guidance for applying for financial assistance. The DWP has confirmed it will never text or email individuals asking for personal information or bank details. As such, individuals should never part with these details and always remain vigilant. When it comes to Universal Credit, Britons have been urged to follow key steps to protect themselves. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea They should always create a unique username and password, and never share this with anyone so their account is protected. In a similar sense, security questions and two-factor authentication can help to keep an account locked from prying eyes. All claimants are given a 16 digit Personal Security Number (PSN) after their first Universal Credit interview, which they should keep safe. Finally, Britons can recognise genuine calls due to the fact the DWP will usually leave them a message in their online journal to inform them a call is imminent.