The Australian cricketer died on March 4 of natural causes aged 52, according to a post-mortem. Mr Warne is believed to have suffered a heart attack one day after arriving on the Thai island of Koh Samui for a holiday. Now, CCTV images from Thai Police have been released picturing Mr Warne walking through his villa in Thailand. In the picture, the legendary leg-spinner was walking back from having met his tailor, Parsuram Panday. Mr Panday said Mr Warne arrived unannounced at around 1pm, and said the former cricketer was “buzzing”. Four hours later, he was found dead in his luxury villa overlooking the ocean. Speaking to the Daily Mail, Mr Panday said: “It is unlike him to come out of the villa and travel to us. “He likes to keep a low profile when he visits. He was buzzing. “Excited to be back on the island, to enjoy a trip with friends. He had an infectious laugh.” Over the course of an hour, Mr Warne picked out five blazers, 10 pairs of slacks, five pairs of shorts and another five shirts. Mr Panday also told The Sun: “I love cricket and Shane Warne was a hero of mine. It was a great privilege to make his suits.” READ MORE: Liz Hurley dedicates post to Shane Warne's daughter's with message Over the span of his career, Mr Warne amassed 708 wickets in his 145 Tests, ranking him second behind only fellow spinner Muttiah Muralitharan in the all-time list of leading Test wicket-takers. His family released a statement following his death, which said: "To find words to adequately express our sadness is an impossible task for us and looking to a future without Shane is inconceivable, hopefully the mountain of happy memories we all have will help us cope with our ongoing grief." Jackson Warne, his son, said: “I love you so much. “I don't think anything is ever going to fill the void you have left in my heart. “Sitting at the poker table, walking around the golf course, watching the Saints and eating pizza is never going to be the same.” Jason Warne, his brother, said: “The world has lost someone extremely special to them, who has made a positive influence on their lives and it is incredibly touching to see the outflow of emotion and the amazing tributes to him by friends, teammates, opponents and media. “It has been truly heartbreaking, whilst also being sincerely appreciated. “Personally, I have lost my nemesis in all sports as a child, the person who smeared vegemite under my nose while he pinned me down giving me the typewriter, my big brother, my mate.” Tributes to Mr Warne also poured in from celebrities and sporting stars last Friday. Match of the Day host Gary Lineker tweeted: "Terribly saddened and shocked to hear the news that Shane Warne has died. The greatest spin bowler of all time. Can’t quite believe it. RIP Shane." Rohit Gurunath Sharma, captain of the Indian national team said: "I’m truly lost for words here, this is extremely sad. An absolute legend and champion of our game has left us. RIP Shane Warne….still can’t believe it." Ben Stokes current vice-captain of the England Test team also reacted to the news: "Legend. Was an honour to know you and work with you. This man is a LEGEND."