Car collisions, breakdowns and other road accidents are rarely planned, but in some cases, certain incidents could be avoided if motorists pay attention to key areas of their car. One crucial part of a car is its tyres, but often they are forgotten about.  This is why an awareness campaign has been launched by StressFreeCarRental.com to highlight what drivers should know about their tyres to keep people safe whilst on the road. According to the car experts, tyre pressure is "an often passed over aspect of proper car maintenance" that can have "horrific consequences" when ignored. A spokesperson for StressFreeCarRental.com said: “There’s no reason why drivers and pedestrians alike should be put at risk when it’s so easily avoidable. “We aim to inform Britain on how to check what their tyre pressure should be, what it actually is, and what any mismatch may cause." READ MORE: Drivers will have to pay £50 to park cars outside their home Tyres can lose pressure for a number of reasons, including a sudden drop in temperature during winter months or an accidental puncture. Even without any of these, a tyre will lose some of its pressure at a rate of "one psi per month" meaning regular checking is required. In the UK, driving with unsuitably inflated tyres can see drivers faced with a disqualification from driving and up to £10,000 in fines. The spokesperson revealed: "If pulled over by police, each tyre that is under-inflated enough that it is no longer road worthy will have the driver receive three penalty points on their license and a £2,500 fine." DON'T MISSDrivers can’t stop in these common parking places without risking fine [REPORT]Drivers warned of simple mistakes which can void their car insurance [REVEALED]DVSA expands ban on which cars can be used [INSIGHT] Yet, a hefty fine and the risk of penalty points isn't the only negative outcome under-inflated tyres can post. StressFreeCarRental said: "During a corner or whilst braking, under-inflation puts more stress on the tyre sidewalls which then generates more heat and leads to less traction. "This stops the driver from being able to maintain as much control of their vehicle as the contact point of the tyre with the road is less stable. "Because of this, the car’s responsiveness will drop dramatically, as well as an increase in braking distances. This difference could prove crucial in emergencies." The same stress being put onto a tyre can also reduce its lifespan. This is because the tread, especially on the inner and outer shoulders, can become worn much quicker. The spokesperson added: "This can further worsen the vehicle’s grip on the road to up to 50 percent less contact, or even cause a blowout." According to the experts: "Tyre pressure can be checked by using either handheld pressure checkers which can be bought, or by going to some petrol stations which have tyre inflation stations installed. "Especially underinflated tyres will also look different to the eye as they will seem drooped, and will feel soft to the touch. "To learn what the correct or recommended amount of tyre pressure a vehicle should have is, it is as simple as either checking the vehicle manual or looking for it to be printed inside the driver’s side door or underneath the fuel cap." Once you have checked the recommended tyre pressure for your vehicle, you should be able to inflate your tyres at your local petrol station. Most stations have a tyre inflation station, which is often free to use. If you feel uncertain, a mechanic will also be able to help with the process.