 During last week’s Spring Statement, Rishi Sunak announced a fuel duty reduction of five pence per litre, but many felt the Chancellor needed to address further issues, like car tax. Many industry experts, including the Transport Select Committee, have called on the Government to look into alternative forms of car tax to help reduce the impact of a £35billion revenue “black hole”.  Estimates show that the Government will lose out annually on £28billion in fuel duty as well as £7billion in Vehicle Excise Duty (VED). This is expected to come from the 2030 ban on the sales of new petrol and diesel vehicles which will have a huge knock on effect on fuel duty revenue. James Blackham, CEO of By Miles, said the fuel duty cut was a missed opportunity for the Government to sort its finances out and help drivers. He said: “A fuel duty cut fails to address the fact that the poorest in society are disproportionately charged to use our roads. READ MORE: French visitor refuses to pay £380 Clean Air Zone fine  “While an intervention at the pumps is welcome to help check the current high prices, it misses the mark for those who are struggling the most with the cost of living crisis. “By only addressing fuel duty, the benefit will mostly be felt by those from wealthier households.” Research from By Miles found that households with an average post-tax income of less than £18,000 per year drive 40 percent less than those in the higher income tax bracket. They also make 17 percent fewer trips and as a result are priced out of cheaper tax bands that rewards more efficient vehicles. DON'T MISSNew car tax proposals would save drivers money on fuel costs [INSIGHT]Motorists can increase fuel efficiency by 25 percent- remove roof rack [ANALYSIS]Drivers warned of expensive costs if number plates are lost [SHOCKING]  Mr Blackham added: "The Chancellor should have instead looked at replacing the current flat rate Vehicle Excise Duty system with one that is usage-based. “This would create a fairer system for all by ensuring that every driver pays a fair rate of tax for the amount of miles they’ve actually driven." Many believe that by introducing a per-mile charge with graded charges depending on annual mileage, it would be a fairer system. Based on recent MOT data, projections show that gross tax revenue would be around £6.5billion - the same level collected in 2019 and 2020.  Flat rate tax punishes those who drive less, rather than rewarding them, By Miles argues. The new method would work by asking drivers to pay an annual fee based on the odometer reading from their MOT certificate. Following a routine MOT, the motorist would simply need to log in to an online portal and pay for their recorded miles. The charging scale would be graded to discourage higher mileage road users, with the first 1,000 miles per annum free to all drivers.  With average annual mileage according to the latest MOT data now standing at 6,600 miles (based on 2020 data), the average motorist could expect a bill in the region of £168. There would be an upper cap at 15,000 miles, meaning the maximum annual charge would be £636. New vehicles would be required to pay the equivalent of an average of 10,000 miles per year for the first three years preceding their MOT.