Russia's forces are said to be lacking suitable cold weather clothing as some have reportedly been taken out of the battle. The senior US defence official said this was another way Putin's army had failed to properly prepare for the invasion of Ukraine. The official was asked about logistical problems during a briefing on Tuesday. They said: "We picked up some indications that some of their soldiers are suffering from frostbite because they lacked the appropriate cold weather gear for the environment that they're in ... that they haven't - in addition to food and fuel - even in terms of personal equipment for some of their troops they are having trouble. "They're having trouble and we picked up indications that some troops have actually suffered and been taken out of the fight because of frostbite.  "So yes, they are having continued logistics and sustainment issues." The official also cited a lack of guided munitions during the briefing. Almost one month into the war, Russian soldiers have failed to seize a single major city and their advance has been halted on nearly all fronts by brave Ukrainians. The US defence official said this was down to the fierce resistance by Ukrainian forces but also part because Moscow failed to plan properly. It comes after US officials warned that the Russian leader could unleash chemical weapons in a desperate attempt to break what appears to be a deadlock READ MORE: Zelensky’s Jewish family: Putin’s bizarre 'Nazi' claim dismantled On Monday, US President Joe Biden said Russia's false accusations that Kyiv has biological and chemical weapons illustrated that Putin was considering using them himself. The US official, who wishes to remain anonymous, shared Biden's assessment but added: "There's no indication that there's something imminent in that regard right now." According to the latest Pentagon assessment, Ukrainian forces are now preparing to retake captured territory. The defence official commented: "What we're starting to see are indications that they are, are now able and willing to take back territory that the Russians have taken". DON'T MISS: Russia 'terrified' sanctions will cause economic collapse [INSIGHT]Russia fails to establish clear 'command and control' in Ukraine [ANALYSIS]'Paranoid' Putin has 'something going on in his head' [COMMENT] Ukraine's armed forces issued an update on Tuesday claiming its forces have repelled Russian troops from taking a strategic suburb of Kyiv. The update said: "Having lost the offensive potential, the Russian occupying troops continue forming and deploying the reserves from the depths of the Russian Federation to the borders of Ukraine." Kyiv's generals also claimed Russian troops only have enough food, fuel and ammunition to last another three days. Meanwhile, Ukrainian leaders also said 300,000 civilians were also running out of food in the occupied southern Ukrainian city of Kherson. "There is nothing left there. Only ruins", said President Volodymyr Zelensky in a video address to the Italian parliament. 