Max Verstappen has insisted that he was only being honest in his criticism of Red Bull's strategy via team radio before he was eventually forced to retire from Sunday's season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix. The Dutchman ran in second place for the vast majority of the contest but was hit with an unfortunate mechanical issue with only three laps remaining that ultimately rendered him unable to continue. Verstappen appeared to lose power as he approached the final corner at the Bahrain International Circuit and was swiftly overtaken by a number of drivers before limping back to the pit lane after failing to correct the problem. Sergio Perez went on to suffer from what appeared to be the same issue on the very last lap to cap off a hugely disappointing end to an otherwise productive weekend for Red Bull.Charles Leclerc ultimately won the race but was firmly tested by Verstappen, who fought with the Ferrari driver after his first pit stop for three laps but found himself unable to move into the lead. The Red Bull man had two other chances to get ahead on his out laps after pitting but failed to make the undercut work on both occasions after being told to go easy until his tyres had warmed up.Red Bull's reluctance to allow Verstappen to push sparked a furious reaction from the 24-year-old via team radio as he told his race engineer: "Okay, that is two times I have taken it easy on the out lap and not been in front, I am never, ever doing that again." His comments were met with a small amount of post-race criticism by fans and pundits alike, but Verstappen was adamant that he did nothing wrong in delivering his honest assessment of proceedings in the heat of the moment. JUST IN: George Russell explains what it's really like racing Lewis Hamilton "I don’t hold back, I say what I think in the car," he said when quizzed on the topic. "I was not happy with what we were doing or with the balance of the car or with the strategy. It wasn’t necessarily directed to GP [Gianpiero Lambiase, his race engineer]."Verstappen also slammed the reliability of his new Red Bull car by insisting that his team should not have been undone by the problems that saw both of their drivers forced into an early bath in Bahrain. "Of course you can always say problems can happen and you might have a retirement," he told Sky Sports F1 in the aftermath of the race. "But I think at this level, after already having so much information with engines and stuff, it shouldn't happen. We already lost a lot of points again in one race weekend, so that's just really not good, but of course I know that with one retirement it's not over, but I would have preferred to have 18 points."It remains to be seen whether Red Bull will be able to register their first points of the new season at this weekend's Saudi Arabian Grand Prix in Jeddah. They emerged as one of the early favourites for this year's Constructors' Championship title after pre-season testing but will need to iron out their reliability issues in order to challenge the likes of Ferrari over the course of the entire campaign. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE