Tom Holland may be the MCU Spider-Man, but Sony – who own the cinematic rights to the Web-Slinger – have their own universe of blockbusters on the side to Disney’s. Their Sony Spider-Man Universe features the likes of Tom Hardy’s Venom, who briefly entered the MCU in Spider-Man No Way Home, and also Jared Leto’s Morbius and Aaron Taylor Johnson’s Kraven the Hunter. But just as Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield visited Holland’s Marvel reality, are there even more Web Slingers out there? Marvel fans will remember when the Morbius trailer dropped, Leto’s Living Vampire walked past a poster of Spider-Man labelled “murderer”. This makes sense given that at the end of Spider-Man: No Way Home, Mysterio framed Peter Parker for his death. However, the picture was not of Holland’s Web-Slinger, but Maguire’s – specifically a skin from the Playstation game. Does this mean that Morbius is from the Sam Raimi-verse of Spider-Man movies? Perhaps, but whatever the case the new film’s director has confirmed there are variants of MCU characters in that reality too. Speaking with Cinema Blend, Morbius director Daniel Espinosa said: “Of course! I mean, in almost all Spider-Verse or, you know, the [universes] that existed in the Marvel universe, if you read the comic books, the whole idea of that kind of – the Marvel string theory, if you would call it that. It's very related to, if you remember, the alternative Seinfelds. You have a world where you have the same characters, and it's ALL of the characters, but they are slightly different. So in almost all verses, you have Spider-Man, or a Fantastic Four, or a Tony Stark, or a Morbius. But they will be different in tone. That's not quite the way that the Marvel Cinematic Universe [is] approaching the idea, but they're remaining to some core truth. Then you have the second kind of legend, which is about the totem. Which is that, in all universes, there is a spider totem. Which means that in all universes, there has to be a Spider-Man. Or a Spider-Woman.” What’s more confusing is that Michael Keaton’s Vulture from MCU movie Spider-Man: Homecoming is in Morbius, but is he a variant? We’ll have to wait and see. It could be possible this all planned out, or perhaps Sony are trying things out that they’ll attempt to explain later on. There are already rumours of Spider-Man, Fantastic Four and Iron Man variants in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness, so it certainly makes sense for Sony if they can borrow characters from Disney’s MCU just as has been happening vice versa. Having featured in No Way Home, there’s speculation Maguire could be back for Doctor Strange 2, especially as it’s directed by Raimi who helmed his Spider-Man trilogy. DON'T MISSDoctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness leak: 'Major star's cameo' [FANTASTIC FOUR]Doctor Strange 2 leak: 'Tom Cruise to play very surprising role' [TOM CRUISE]Morbius: Jared Leto drops major Tom Holland Spider-Man crossover hint [MORBIUS] Morbius universe has Spider-Man, Iron Man and Fantastic Four variants confirms director  Take this with a pinch of salt, but another big rumour is that Tom Cruise will play a variant of Iron Man in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. The Mission: Impossible star was famously being lined up to play Tony Stark in the first MCU movie before Robert Downey Jr bagged the role. On top of this, there are rumblings that John Krasinski is playing a version of Reed Richard aka Mr Fantastic of the Fantastic Four in the Benedict Cumberbatch blockbuster. Morbius hits UK cinemas on April 1 and Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness lands on May 5, 2022. SOURCE