Former energy minister, Chris Skidmore, dismissed claims the Government’s drive to decarbonise the economy by 2050 was “Net Stupid”. The founder of the Net Zero Support Group told express.co.uk: “We won’t be colder or poorer as a result of Net Zero. We’ll be warmer and richer.” Mr Skidmore defended the Government’s green agenda which has come under fire from Nigel Farage, Richard Tice and some members of his own party. In a Mail on Sunday article, Mr Farage claimed the political class in Westminster has taken the country down a “ruinous path” in committing to the Net Zero target without any public debate. The former Ukip and Brexit Party leader called for a referendum on what he described as “an act of appalling self-harm”. He added: “If we are not careful, the only zero will be the amount in people's bank accounts as we send our jobs and money overseas.” Mr Farage claimed energy bills have been loaded with green subsidies and called for Britain to frack its shale to slash the rising cost of gas and electric.  In a discussion with Dan Wootton on GB News, Mr Farage claimed that 25 percent of household electricity bills goes towards green subsidies. However, Mr Skidmore shot down such claims, saying it was “simply false” to say green levies were behind soaring bills. He put the figure at eight percent. He also rejected calls for a Net Zero plebiscite, adding that the plans were included in the Conservative manifesto which helped secure an 80-seat majority for Prime Minister Boris Johnson in 2019. Mr Skidmore said: “The public are probably sick of having referendums. There’s a social contract here about making sure we look after our future - not only our future planet, but future generations. “People can turn on their TV, see increases in flooding, changes in weather patterns, and say: ‘Is this what I want for my granddaughter, my grandson?’”   READ MORE ABOUT BRITAIN SENDING MISSILES TO UKRAINE The Kingswood MP added that while the cost of wind and solar is plummeting, the price of gas continues to rise. He said: “People have more to be afraid of remaining on gas. Even if climate change wasn’t happening, it would make entire sense to create sovereign forms of energy in renewables that can self-sustain and nuclear energy produced entirely on our shores. “This is a green industrial revolution. It’s not just about looking at climate change. It’s also about potentially a transformation in the way we produce energy on our shores. “Rather than being Net Zero, it’s Net Brilliant.” He hailed the agenda for rejuvenating post-industrial parts of the country, adding Net Zero will generate tens of thousands of new vacancies requiring an up skilled workforce. Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng, writing in the Mail on Sunday, has also argued the country needs to reduce dependence on finite oil and gas, which renders the UK “vulnerable” to Russian President Vladimir Putin's “malign” influence on global markets.   DON'T MISS: Camilla health fears as fans spot worrying sign: 'She's shaking!' [REVEALED] Prince Harry blasted by animal activists over rodeo outing [REPORT] Putin on brink as China tipped to put foot down over ‘escalation’ [LATEST] Mr Kwarteng writes: “With gas prices at record highs, and the price of renewable energy plummeting, we need to accelerate our transition away from expensive gas. “Now, more than ever, we must focus on generating cheaper, cleaner power in Britain, for Britain. This is how we become energy independent in the long term.” Challenges to the Government’s green agenda have also come from with the Conservative Party with MP Steve Baker, writing in Conservative Home, warning that by “neglecting” British household budgets already under strain from the rising cost of living ministers have put climate policies on a collision course with the public. The former Brexit minister, who is part of the Net Zero Scrutiny Group, puts the cost to consumers of a Government drive towards renewable sources of energy at £14 billion a year - about £500 per household. Mr Baker, speaking at a Conservative Party Conference fringe event in October, reportedly warned that the poorest would be “even worse off” because of what is being done to their gas bills and energy supply. His sentiments were echoed by fellow Tory MP Esther McVey who warned against imposing costs which people cannot afford.  On claims Net Zero hits the poorest hardest, Mr Skidmore said: “This is one of the most destructive pieces of disinformation that can be propagated. “When you look at Net Zero policies they are targeted at the most vulnerable.” Mr Skidmore added: “Gas is hitting the poorest hardest. This is a gas crisis that more gas won’t solve because international prices are rising. “[From green levies] the poorest households are receiving the most benefits. Net Zero is first and foremost targeted at improving the lives and homes of people in cold accommodation.” As evidence, he pointed to the Government’s Energy Company Obligation (ECO) scheme which requires medium and large energy suppliers to fund the installation of energy efficiency measures such as insulation into qualifying social homes and eligible people on benefits. Figures from the Government show a decline in the proportion of fuel poor homes in England over the past 10 years, from 22.1 percent in 2010 to 13.2 percent in 2020.  They also show that in 2010, 13 percent had an Energy Efficiency Rating of C or above but this has risen to 48 percent. In the social housing sector, 69 percent live in high energy efficiency homes, according to the Government. The ECO scheme is also being extended until 2026 with its value boosted from £640 million to £1 billion a year. The Government says this will help another 305,000 families with insulation, generating average energy bill savings of about £300 annually. A BEIS spokesperson said: “We are proud of our Energy Company Obligation scheme which has already installed 3.4 million energy efficiency measures in 2.4 million of the most vulnerable households, including loft and wall insulation and heating measures. “Ultimately, gas is expensive and renewables are cheap. To protect consumers in the long term and to better insulate the UK from volatile global markets, we need to become more self-reliant and generate more clean power in the UK. That means more offshore wind, solar, tidal, hydrogen and new nuclear.”  On differences over Net Zero among some Tory MPs, Mr Skidmore said: “We are going through a transition. We can’t maintain the status quo, but there will always be those who want to hang on to it. “The politics of climate in the past were between left and right, but now there are people like myself, a proud Conservative MP, who believe Net Zero is a Conservative policy through and through. “It’s our duty to protect the next generation.” 