Fifty POWs were murdered by the Gestapo after the mass breakout from Stalag Luft III, made famous by Hollywood film The Great Escape. Only three prisoners out of the 76 involved escaped successfully. But despite the fate of their colleagues, Allied officers were determined to make a fresh attempt, in part through fear of German brutality escalating as the war slipped from their grasp. Peter Doyle, professor of history at London South Bank University, said most people saw the mass breakout in March 1944 through the lens of the star studded movie released in 1963. But in a new episode of Great Escapes With Morgan Freeman, Prof Doyle sheds more light on the secrets not revealed in the hit film. He said there were a large number of breakouts from POW camps across the Third Reich, including a previous one at the same camp when three airmen escaped using a wooden horse as cover for a tunnel. But he said: "The Great Escape does stand out as being one of the most significant attempts because of the vast number of men who were deployed and the vast amount of activity the men in the camp had to get involved in." He said the Germans thought the camp was "escape proof" but were outsmarted by the ingenuity of the incarcerated airmen. Squadron Leader Roger Bushell, who masterminded the plan and would pay the ultimate price, "was consumed by a kind of hatred towards the Nazi regime" and was determined to get out with over 200 men to cause havoc for the enemy. In all, 76 got out before the Germans discovered the escape from the tunnel nicknamed Harry, with three making it to safety.  In the film, of the 73 recaptured airmen, 50 were taken by lorry to a field and mowed down by machine guns. Prof Doyle said: "A terrible atrocity but it was even worse than that. Gestapo agents designated the 50 men who were to be killed, picking them out at random. "They took them out in ones and twos in the back of cars to isolated locations. They were shot in the back of the head by the Gestapo agents. "But all those agents were hunted down by the RAF after the war and justice was meted out. It shows this was taken very seriously by the authorities as a war crime." He said the Nazis were sending a message that escape would have consequences. He added: "As soon as the murders took place the senior Allied officers in the camp thought 'right, we need to consider what might happen if we escape again'. "They gave their word the camp would not be used to escape from. "But they felt justified, following the atrocity, to start digging another tunnel - called George - to allow them to escape should they feel there was a threat on their lives from the Nazi regime. The tunnel was constructed and still remains there, but it was not used for escape." Great Escapes With Morgan Freeman: Escaping Hitler, Sky History, Wednesday, 10pm 