From Princess Diana’s Ceylon sapphire, to Princess Eugenie’s rare Padparadscha, to Queen Elizabeth II's diamond masterpiece, the Royal Family is not short of stunning engagement rings. Maxwell Stone, leading diamond expert at Steven Stone Jewellers, revealed to Express.co.uk the priciest ring in the Royal Family. The Duchess of Cambridge, Queen Elizabeth II and Meghan Markle unsurprisingly take the top spots for most expensive royal engagement rings, according to Maxwell Stone. He exclusively told Express.co.uk: "Kate Middleton’s engagement ring, which was formerly Princess Diana’s, is by far the most expensive royal engagement ring. “It features a sensational 12 carat Ceylon sapphire, originating from Sri Lanka.” Jeweller Ingle & Rhode revealed that deep blue sapphires have “ancient links to the highest celestial faith and hope”. READ MORE: Prince George is not ‘a spoiled child’ - expert analysis A modern reading is that these rings provide “protection and good fortune”. “This means anyone wearing a sapphire engagement ring is to have deep links to spirituality which ensures a safe and protected marriage.” This adds a special significance now that Kate Middleton wears Princess Diana’s engagement ring, as it suggests that her late mother-in-law is watching over the happy couple. Maxwell continued: “This particular stone is a deep, royal blue, of AAAA quality, making it amongst the most valuable of its kind.” The ring was initially bought by Prince Charles for £47,000, and it sparked controversy within the Royal Family as it broke tradition. Indeed, Princess Diana’s ring could be purchased by anyone at the time from Garrard's jewellery catalogue, which reportedly displeased the Firm. Maxwell stated: “I would estimate it's now worth around £300,000. “However, it's likely this will continue to increase as the years go by." Inspired by the style icon, sales of blue sapphire surged by an incredible 300 percent at the time, and continue to surge following the success of The Crown, which showcased the story and style of the British Royal Family. “In the next 10 years, it will probably have a value of £500,000, thanks to the ring's history and legacy. The recipient of the second most expensive engagement ring is unsurprising. “After Kate Middleton's ring, Queen Elizabeth II's ring is the most expensive, worth approximately £207,000.” The “breathtaking” jewel features 11 white diamonds of the highest quality, a three-carat round solitaire and five smaller stones set on each shoulder. Much like Diana’s ring, the Queen’s will likely increase exponentially over time, “thanks to the remarkable royal” she is. “This is followed by Meghan Markle who's three stone diamond ring is worth £120,000." Prince Harry’s wife was originally supposed to receive Princess Diana’s engagement ring, but the youngest son allowed his brother to give it to the Duchess of Cambridge in a gesture of brotherly love. But the Prince managed to honour his mother in another way, by incorporating two small diamonds from the late Princess' collection alongside the central diamond from Botswana.