Presenter of Channel 4’s famous property show, Grand Designs, Kevin McCloud has shared why he thinks one particular room is the “most important” in a home. While most homeowners may believe their kitchens are the most important room in a house, Kevin believes there could be a more “basic room”. The design expert explained his “controversial” reasoning in a 2014 video for Rightmove. He said: “I’m gonna say something quite controversial here, the most important room in any building - you won't be able to guess this - is the toilet. “The reason is you can make a house, you can make any building with any number of bridges. You can make a house with one room. “It doesn't need a sink, it doesn't need lightbulbs, you could almost manage to make rooms without windows if you needed to but the one thing you couldn't do is not put in a basic toilet. “Sanitation, that kind of need to use the loo in the middle of the night when you wake up, the desire to just do those basic body functions is so fundamental to civilisation. READ MORE: How to remove brown stains from a toilet - 4 ways to shift limescale “Running water you'd need to make the loo work and therefore you'd be able to avail yourself of maybe a tap and a basin. “Those things that you find in your average small WC is actually just enough.” Kevin said if “all else failed” in society, a running toilet would be the one way people could relieve themselves and get clean water. One of the reasons Kevin believes this to be the case is because he has seen first-hand what civilisation looks like where these basic facilities don’t exist.  DON'T MISSLawn: 'Simple' trick to fix brown patches in your grass [INSIGHT]Garden weeds: ‘Effective’ 29p trick to ‘banish’ weeds from your garden [UPDATE]How to clean your earrings - the 7 steps to cleaning earrings [ANALYSIS] He continued: “I visited places in the world where those things don't exist. “Where there are no toilets and there's no sanitation and there is no running water. “The absence of those two things creates utter chaos and disease and death and the end of civilisation as we know it. “So how do we define civilisation? The toilet and running water - it’s that simple.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Many experts would argue that the kitchen is the “most important” room in the house. One of the main reasons for this is because a kitchen upgrade or renovation can boost the value of a property. Kitchens are also where people prepare meals with appliances and tools. The kitchen can also be a place for socialising, working and storage.  Other experts believe the living room is the most important room in a home. However, this could be down to a decorating point of view as living rooms are where people can really express their creativity when it comes to decoration. Living rooms and spaces tend to be where homeowners entertain guests and relax with their family to watch films. Episodes of Grand Designs can be streamed on All 4