Kate and Pippa Middleton are both happily married, but before tying the knot with their respective partners, the sisters lived together in an apartment. Located in Old Church Street in Chelsea, the flat was a lot smaller than the royal residencies Kate is now used to, but it was still elegant inside. Although Kate did not come from royalty, her upper-class background meant she could afford luxuries even before marrying Prince William. Her and her sister’s parents, Michael and Carole Middleton, bought an apartment in Chelsea for £780,000 in 2002. The couple then sold it for a whopping £1.88million in September 2019. The property had three bedrooms, two bathrooms, a large living room, a dining room, and a kitchen. READ MORE: ‘I learnt the hard way’: Monty Don shares warning over tulip bulbs The bedrooms were all situated on the very top floor of the apartment. Kate and Pippa’s flat featured an elegant and classic décor which suits their personality and style, according to Director of Luxury Interiors Juliette Thomas. She explained: “The style is classic, which very much matches their personal clothing choices and their love for wearing items they’ve already worn before.” This suggests the sister had some vintage or antique items in the apartment too. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home [INSIGHT]House prices map: 10 regions see valuations soar across the UK [UPDATE]‘The risk is real’: Monty Don shares warning on Gardeners’ World [ANALYSIS] TV Celebrity Interior Designer Steph Briggs added: “It’s quite a safe design choice but is very homely. “The soft cream wall and oatmeal carpets with well thought out lighting scheme give it a feeling of cosiness and calm. “The red wine chenille sofa and handmade Moroccan rug give it character and a touch of the exotic. “It’s a classic high end sitting room design – nothing too outlandish or outrageous. “Calming and stylish – just like Kate.” The flat’s dining room was bright and airy and featured wainscoting, a chair rail, and a built-in bookcase. This was alongside a classic oak dining table and matching chairs with cream upholstering. The kitchen also has traditional oak cabinets and black and white tiles. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The dining room and kitchen were on the second floor and blended into one another. Interestingly, Kate and Pippa’s patterned rug and curtains resembled the design Kate and William have at their home in Kensington Palace. Meanwhile, the bedrooms in the Chelsea flat had the same traditional design as the rest of the space, with cream walls and carpet. Today, Kate lives with Prince William and their three children, George, Charlotte, and Louis, while Pippa loves close to Chelsea in west London with her husband James Mathews and their children Arthur and Grace.