Richarlison has already shed some light on his thoughts on leaving Everton ahead of a summer transfer window set for plenty of speculation. Manchester United are targeting the Brazil international as they look to bolster their strikeforce. Richarlison failed to commit his future to Everton after being asked about whether or not he would be interested in leaving Goodison Park. United have made the Toffees frontman a potential summer target ahead of the next transfer window. The Red Devils have made signing a striker a priority at the end of the season with several issues upcoming over Edinson Cavani, Marcus Rashford and Cristiano Ronaldo. Whoever comes in as manager will have a large in-tray of business to get through, with a defensive midfielder and a right-back also being targeted. Cavani will see his contract expire at the end of the season and has no plans to renew amid interest from South America. Whereas Ronaldo and Rashford have been linked with transfers away after being left frustrated with life at Old Trafford. It means that United might have some spending to do, though signing a quality striker is never easy. Everton star Richarlison has become a top target, according to Goal. The Toffees have had a nightmare campaign after sacking Rafa Benitez earlier in the season while Frank Lampard has so far failed to inspire them in their current rut. They sit three points above the relegation zone in 17th and there are real fears they could go down. Whether or not Everton survive the drop, it might be too difficult to keep hold of their star players who have loftier ambitions than dwelling in the lower levels of the Premier League. That includes Richarlison, who was asked about his future at the club last week. He said: “Look, I have two more years on my contract here. It's hard to talk about leaving because I have great affection for Everton, I have music, I have everything here. “It's very complicated to talk about leaving. I'm not prepared for this moment, but we never know tomorrow. We have to be aware and prepared for everything. Let's make this season there so that, in the next one, we can see what will happen.” The lack of clarity over his future will surely give United hope in their attempts to prise him away from Merseyside while his fluidity up front would be a great benefit to the Old Trafford outfit. The 24-year-old has not been in great form, though, scoring just four times in the Premier League this season. United have hardly looked threatening in front of goal, either, with Ronaldo the only reason they have looked somewhat adept going forward. The Portuguese superstar has netted 18 times this campaign - the only player at the club to reach double figures.