Barcelona starlet Pedri hopes Lionel Messi can make a return to the Catalan club as his disastrous spell at Paris Saint-Germain continues - with boss Xavi previously offering the Argentine a route out of the French capital.  Messi joined PSG in the summer after his Barcelona contract expired as a result of the club having insufficient funds to renew his deal. The 34-year-old made 778 appearances for the Blaugrana, scoring 672 goals in his time there to become arguably the world's best ever player. Winning ten La Liga titles, seven Copa del Reys, four Champions League trophies and three FIFA Club World Cups, Messi is one of the most decorated players in the game. But his PSG career has not gone to plan, with the star scoring just seven goals in 26 games for the Ligue 1 leaders. Yet after comments last week by Xavi offered him a route back to the club, rumours have started up again suggesting that Messi could make an incredible return. And Pedri has backed those comments up by publicly telling Messi to go back to the Nou Camp.  “It’s true that when things don’t work out for a friend, as I consider him, it hurts a bit,” Pedri said to La Vanguardia. “I’ve had a great time with Leo on the pitch and off it he’s a magnificent person so I hope he can come back. "I had fun playing with him and it is a joy to have him as a teammate.” The wing wizard is Barcelona's record appearance maker, ahead only of current manager Xavi. The pair played together for 11 years in the first-team. And earlier this month, Xavi issued him an invite back to the club, stating that Messi 'is always welcome' at the Nou Camp. “He is the best in history and he’ll always be welcome at Barcelona," he said.  “As long as I’m coach, it doesn’t matter if he wants to come here every day. I think we owe him a huge amount. He has a contract with PSG and there is little we can say. Like whether he wants to come here every day to watch the training sessions and talk to the coach. What he has given us is priceless.” Messi left in emotional circumstances, crying in his press conference that confirmed he was to leave Barcelona after 21 years in the job. "As I explained on my way out, I did everything possible to stay, never at any time was I asked to play for free," Messi later told Sport. "I was asked to cut my salary by 50 per cent and I did it without any problem. We were able to help the club more. The desire of me and my family was to stay in Barcelona." 