The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall are on their sixth official trip to Ireland, and on Thursday visited the country's oldest city, Waterford - fresh from their two-day stint in Northern Ireland. It was the royal couple's first time visiting Waterford, and will be followed by a journey to Tipperary, where they will finish their visit on Friday. Charles, who is widely known to be passionate about the environment, is meeting farmers, officials and community organisers to see the work they are doing to produce food and drink more sustainably as Ireland tries to reach its climate change targets. He met members of the local Ukrainian community and said it was "most moving" as he was told of Ireland's efforts to take those in that have fled Russia's invasion of their home country. The royal couple is also meeting local people, as well as responders who worked to support others during the ongoing Covid pandemic. The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall Twitter account has posted a video of a smiling Charles shaking hands with locals who can be heard saying: "Welcome to Ireland." He replies: "Thank you so much", and even stops to have a very brief conversation with one of the locals, who cannot be seen in the video. The Twitter post accompanies this video with a message from Charles, which says: "I cannot tell you what huge pleasure it gives both my wife and myself to be with you in Ireland once again, a country that means more to us than I can possibly say. "- HRH The Prince of Wales." On Thursday, Charles paid tribute to the friendship shared between Ireland and Britain, expressing his joy of returning to the "majestic land". READ MORE: The Queen is all smiles as she welcomes guests to Windsor Castle He restated an ambition to visit every county in Ireland, as he and Camilla enjoyed their first official visit to Waterford. The Prince of Wales even used a few sentences spoken in the Irish language. He told a crowd of locals gathering for a mayoral reception at Waterford City Hall that it was good to be with old friends again. In his speech, Charles said: "It has long been one of our great ambitions to visit every county of this majestic land before senility totally overtakes us." DON'T MISSMeghan Markle receiving '$18m for the first episode' of podcast [LATEST]Princess Anne’s insult blared out after she forgot to turn mic off [REPORT]US TV host savages Kate and William 'Not like Meghan and Harry' [COMMENTS] He also said his thoughts and prayers are with the people of Ukraine "as they continue to face such uncertainty and brutal aggression". The prince added: "Such times as we are living through bring into sharp relief the importance of peace and friendship, which history tells us we can too easily take for granted. "It is yet another demonstration of how our two countries are not just neighbours, but partners who, though at times we have travelled a troubled road together, have through reconciliation and understanding forged a future that has benefited both our peoples and the world." 