 As petrol and diesel prices continue to soar, many drivers are concerned about how high fuel prices could go as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. According to RAC Fuel Watch, petrol has now reached an average of 155.62p a litre, while diesel is averaging 161.28p per litre, both all-time record highs.  This time last year, they averaged 124.32p and 127.25p a litre respectively. This means that the cost of filling up an average 55-litre tank is now almost £18 more expensive, at almost £86 per tank compared to last year. Around 48 percent of workers said if the price continues to increase, potentially past £2 per litre, they would be unable to afford to commute to work. Almost two thirds of workers surveyed said they will need to ask employers to work from home full time if prices continue to climb. READ MORE: Abandoned BMW dealership full of classic cars discovered  Johnny Ratcliffe, of Offices.co.uk, warned that the Government may need to intervene to prevent drivers being forced off the road. He said: “The cost of living crisis that UK workers are experiencing is reaching breaking point. “Millions of households already facing the prospect of enormous price hikes in their home energy bills and rising food prices are now facing being unable to commute to their workplaces if the pump prices hit £2 per litre. “Our data shows just how serious an implication this is for the UK economy if almost half of workers surveyed say they won’t be able to afford to get to work anymore. DON'T MISSDrivers warned when approaching junctions under new Highway Code rules [INSIGHT]Car headlights are a 'significant road safety risk' [WARNING]Motorists urged to change driving habits to save on car tax [IMPORTANT]  “The Government needs to step in urgently otherwise working from home will become the only option for millions of workers. “The ones that are able to work from home that is. Everyone else? I dread to think.” If the average prices reach over £2 per litre, it will bump the price of the average 55 litre tank to £11. That would be £24 more than at present, but a massive £42 a tank more expensive than this time last year.  It is feared that the ongoing cost of living crisis could impact heavily on the Government’s return to the office scheme after the pandemic. Data from the RAC Foundation shows that 67 percent of workers in England usually travel to work by car. This number can be as high as 81 percent for the West Midlands, while only 27 percent of workers in London commute by car. More than eight in 10 workers in Wales commute to work by car, with a further 68 percent of workers in Scotland doing the same.  With the increasing petrol and diesel costs, as well as other household bills rising, millions of cars could be taken off the road on a daily basis. Currently, the wholesale price of petrol stands at 120.32p per litre, with diesel slightly more expensive at 128.99p per litre. Fuel prices are almost twice as expensive as they were in 2002, when a litre of petrol cost just 73.5p, and a litre of diesel priced at 75.6p.