This white-caped vigilante will be making his debut on Disney+ on March 30, and Marvel will no doubt do a great job of introducing the character to a brand new audience, but if you want to get ahead of the game and learn about some of the characters we will be seeing, then here is a list of a few comics that you might want to check out first. Moon Knight (Vol. 8, 2016–2017) by Jeff Lemire & Greg Smallwood A major part of the Moon Knight character are his alter egos, and yes that is "egos" plural! Marc Spector suffers from dissociative identity disorder (DID) and often is portrayed as different personalities with different names. This particular volume of the comics opens with Marc waking up in a mental institute struggling to understand what is real and what is only in his head. If you want to get to know all of Moon Knight’s alter egos, then this is a great comic to pick up. Moon Knight (Vol. 1) #3 (Jan, 1981) by Doug Moench & Bill Sienkiewicz One of the villains we know that we will be seeing in the Moon Knight TV show when it comes to Disney+, is one called Midnight Man. This costumed criminal is known to steal rare treasures and artefacts, and since we know from the trailer that Marc Spector will be working in a British museum, then it makes sense that these two will cross paths. Midnight Man debuted early on in the first Moon Knight series, and this is the issue to read if you want to know more. Doctor Strange: Damnation (2018) by Donny Cates, Nick Spencer & Rod Reis Part of this series sees Wong assemble a group of darker, supernatural heroes to assist Doctor Strange when he finds himself in trouble. This group is called the Midnight Sons, and consists of Ghost Rider, Blade, Iron Fist, Moon Knight and others. The reason this may be relevant to the Moon Knight TV show is because we already know we are getting Blade coming to the MCU, Ghost Rider seems like a safe bet at some point, and we even have the Netflix Iron Fist show heading to Disney+ shortly. A full team up will almost certainly not happen in this Moon Knight series, but they could have a cameo or a teaser towards a future TV show or movie. Secret Avengers (2010-2013) by Ed Brubaker & Mike Deodato Maybe you just want to read something in which you can see how Moon Knight might fit in with some existing MCU characters, he is a very different type of hero and it might be hard to see how he would fit in with the likes of the Avengers. Well Moon Knight was actually a part of the team known as the Secret Avengers who were formed in 2010, and was headed up by none other than Steve Rogers. Also joining the team were Black Widow, Sharon Carter, War Machine and Ant Man, all of whom exist already in the MCU, and this is a great place to see how they could all interact.