Jonathan Bailey, who plays Anthony, said of his character's three-way romp with sisters Kate and Edwina Sharma: "You can understand why he’s drawn to both and they’re both drawn to him in turn. It’s an interesting love triangle; it’s dangerous when it’s siblings. It’s bestial between them in a way season 1 wasn’t. They’re all animals with each other. … Enemies to lovers is extreme." Quinn's legions of fans, however, know that it's very different in her book. WARNING: SPOILERS FROM HERE Firstly, the obvious difference is that the Sharmas have Indian heritage, whereas in the books they are the Sheffields, traditional English country gentry of the period. This is part of the Netflix adaptation's commitment to broader diversity on screen, but does not particularly affect the central characters or plotlines. On screen, burned by his previous love affairs, Anthony is resolved to pursue a marriage match based only on convenience, with no feelings involved. So far, so similar to the books but the feelings involved and the way the central couple come together and get engaged are completely different – and one particular sex scene certainly doesn't happen. BRIDGERTON SEX SCENES: Season 1 of the show established a very adult tone which is usually nowhere to be seen in costume dramas. Daphne, of course, as a Georgian lady had to wait until marriage, but her brother Anthony is free to indulge, and frequently. Early reactions to the new season have often been disappointed that there is far less sex. This is partly because Daphne got married far earlier in her season and so was able to indulge, while Anthony is now focussed on making a match rather than playing the sexual field. His own wedding night only comes at the very end of the show. There is however, one notable scene where he performs oral sex on Kate. This is not in the books (although he kisses her far earlier on the page) and it is unlikely any lady of her social standing would have permitted it. DON'T MISSJonathan Bailey partner: Who is the Bridgerton star dating?Bridgerton season 2 soundtrack: The covers and original tracksBridgerton star hints she will unveil Lady Whistledown's identity ANTHONY AND EDWINA: In the show, Edwina is swept along by feelings for Anthony far more strongly than in the books, where she is simply entertained by the courtship. In the books, Anthony does not propose to Edwina, so they do not get engaged. Instead, when Edwina realises how powerful the connection is between Anthony and Kate, she sacrifices her own social prospects and tells her sister to embrace her own feelings. In the books, Edwina has a whole other love story with Mr Bagwell who she meets at the Bridgertons' country house party at Aubrey Hall. He is a far less impressive catch, being only a second son (who will not, therefore, inherit his father's estate) and a scholar, focussed on Archaeology. ANTHONY AND KATE: Their sparring and combative relationship remains the same, but in the books, Kate's hostility is forcefully rooted in her awareness that Anthony has no feelings at all for Edwina. Anthony and Kate are forced into an engagement when she is stung on the neck by a bee while they are in the garden. The Viscount and his siblings have a pathological horror of bees because their father Edmund died from a sting. Somewhat improbably, he tries to suck out the venom. They are spotted by his mother and Ladies Featherington and Danbury at a time when any such apparent behaviour could ruin a woman's reputation – and so they are forced to get engaged against their will. It is only during a climactic carriage crash in the final chapter that Anthony realises his true feelings for Kate and they can begin, at last, to properly live as man and wife. In the book, Anthony finds Kate trapped beneath an overturned carriage and realises how deeply he loves her. He confesses all to her, including his terror he will die before his 39th birthday, like his father. On the show, when Kate is stung, Anthony panics and she simply takes his hand and puts it on her heart to reassure him she is OK and then they separate. It is purely a scene to continue signalling the chemistry building between them. BRIDGERTON SEASON 2 IS OUT NOW ON NETFLIX  