Tottenham are reportedly 'super happy' with Swedish star Dejan Kulusevski after his move from Juventus just six weeks ago - and the club could exercise a £25million option in his contract to sign the star permanently this summer. Kulusevski joined Juventus in 2020 from Atalanta for a fee of £31m, despite only playing three games for the Bergamo-based side. Having excelled on loan at Parma for two years - one season before signing for Juve and one after - he joined up with Juventus' superstars. The Stockholm-born star played well in Turin, scoring nine goals in 74 appearances under Max Allegri albeit without the league title returning to the Allianz Stadium. But this season he made just five Serie A starts and so joined Spurs on an 18 month-loan in January. And with Tottenham delighted with his performances so far, Kulusevski could reportedly make the permanent move to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium if certain conditions are met. The Guardian state that there is an option to turn the transfer permanent this summer for a fee of £25m, which is relative peanuts for a player of Kulusevski's quality, age and experience. The club did pay £8m to take him on loan for 18 months, which means the deal would rise to £33m overall, representing superb value for money. That clause will remain valid in the following summer unless Kulusevski's second clause is activated. The conditions for the second clause mean Tottenham must pay Juventus £31m if they are to qualify for the Champions League in 2022-23 alongside Kulusevski playing half of their Premier League matches. But if the club fails to qualify for Europe's most premier club competition next season, they could still activate the cheaper clause. DON’T MISSArnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man UtdKylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chanceBarcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Kulusevski is said to be extremely happy with life in the English capital. And his relationship with Antonio Conte could mean that he prefers to stay in England as opposed to being a part-time fixture in Turin. Conte supposedly aimed to sign Kulusevski when he was in charge of eventual Serie A champions Inter Milan two years ago. And director of football Fabio Paratici also signed him for Juventus - which could make his stay in London even more attainable. Tottenham currently sit fifth in the Premier League table.