Gordon Ramsay has declared he “can’t stand” Cornish people in a new interview. The celebrity chef has reignited a bitter row with his neighbours who criticised him for spending the first lockdown in the scenic county. Speaking to Vernon Kay on his BBC Radio 2 show, Gordon ranted about the locals. The 55-year-old revealed he loves spending time in the southwestern peninsula, where he boasts a £4million home. "I would go down to the beautiful Cornish coast and get a little line-caught sea bass and do that with a little light crushed potatoes,” he reminisced. “Trust me I absolutely love Cornwall, it's just the Cornish I can't stand." READ MORE: ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home Vernon, 47, hurriedly replied: "He said that, not me! That's the G-man, that's nothing to do with me!" Gordon sparked outrage when he took wife Tana and three of their five children to the coast during the first lockdown. Some disgruntled locals claimed he was putting elderly and vulnerable people at risk when the first wave of Covid was taking its toll. Along with Jack, 21, Matilda, 18, and Oscar, two, the parents arrived at one of their three luxurious properties in the area. Gordon also went on a 60-mile bike ride and snapped photos of various locations which angered those who felt he should be staying indoors. One neighbour told The Mirror: "There are a lot of elderly people down here - it's an elderly population, the average age is 65 to 85, with a lot of people living alone. "It's a scary time. I think it's up to celebrities to set a good example, not run off to their country homes." Another neighbour posted a furious update in a local Facebook group, writing: "Don’t you realise that by doing that you’ve possibly brought the virus with you and because Cornwall is not your main residence, if you and your family get sick you will place yet more strain on an already fragile infrastructure.” READ MORE... Kate Humble was 'vile' to husband Ludo amid work struggle [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid ‘sacrificing extra work projects to find a new beau' [NEWS]Louise Minchin, 53, braves freezing cold temperatures in swimwear [NEWS] In response, a friend of the Ramsay clan told MailOnline: “The family see Cornwall as their family home when the kids are back from uni and Gordon back from filming around the world it's where they spend all their family time. “They've been spending time there for 10 years and Jack actually lives in the house there full time too. Most of their neighbours are so welcoming and they love being part of the community. “The campaign against them is hurtful and unnecessary at a time when we should all be coming together and supporting each other.” In a recent interview, Gordon claimed he “took so much s*** from the Cornish” and insisted the family had a wonderful time together during that period. “We didn’t sneak down there at all. We got there at an appropriate time, and had an absolutely amazing time,” he said. Not all of Gordon’s neighbours were unfriendly, in fact, one even left a bunch of asparagus on his doorstep as a gift - but the chef joked that he was “sure one local would whinge” about it. During the third lockdown, Gordon took another swipe at his critics. Asked what he was most looking forward to about restrictions coming to an end, he replied: “Getting back to see my f*****g neighbours in Cornwall.”