It's long been a controversial topic with many questioning which is better when it comes down to free-weights or resistance machine training. As with most things in life, there are benefits to both and certified Personal Trainer Dean Anderson, revealed his stance and offered some advice when it comes to resistance training as a whole. Listing the advantages to using machines, Dean explained that he always recommends that people try to include a mixture of both free-weights and machines into their strength training workouts. 1. They are easier to use in terms of proper technique and form 2. They better isolate one muscle for a more intense workout 3. They ensure that you move with proper form through the full range of motion 4. They allow you to lift heavier weights 5. They reduce workout time (less time spent setting up, changing, and putting weights away) 6. You are less likely to injure yourself when using machines READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure Listing the advantages to using machines, Dean explained that he always recommends that people try to include a mixture of both free-weights and machines into their strength training workouts. 1. They are easier to use in terms of proper technique and form 2. They better isolate one muscle for a more intense workout 3. They ensure that you move with proper form through the full range of motion 4. They allow you to lift heavier weights 5. They reduce workout time (less time spent setting up, changing, and putting weights away) 6. You are less likely to injure yourself when using machines  And he added that the disadvantages are directly related to the advantages. "Most of the things we do in daily life involve using multiple muscles and joints at the same time," he said. "Because machines isolate muscles and work them separately, you end up making individual muscles stronger but aren’t training yourself for 'functional fitness'. "Likewise, because machines are adjusting, balancing, and supporting your body, the smaller muscles that would normally do these tasks in real life often don’t get exercised or strengthened." The PT added that by incorporating both free-weights and machines into a person's workout, they can utilise the advantages of both and avoid the limitations of relying on either one by itself. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Fitness coach Jen Mueller, also noted that machines are a good starting point for a newbie gymmer. "They're great if you're new to strength training or unfamiliar with how to target specific muscles," she said. "Most will have instructions and a diagram so that you can see how to use them properly. "It's also easier to maintain proper form using a machine because the equipment is designed to support your body as you do the exercise." She also noted that machines can be a time saver, as it is quicker to adjust the weight on a machine than with free-weights. They can also help overcome that barrier as they are user-friendly, but she added they don't provide the variation or range of motion that free-weights do. "Most machines have a two-dimensional movement pattern," she said, whereas with a pair of dumbbells for example, you can do a larger variety of exercises instead of being limited to the machines your gym has available. When training with free-weights, Jen explained that a person is also using additional muscles because just lifting the weights themselves require them to stabilise and balance their body. "This gives you a better workout in the same amount of time," she said. "If you have a stronger side, machines typically allow the dominant side to compensate for the weaker one. "With free weights, you force the weaker muscle to do its share of the work." Jen added: "The negative of using free weights is that your risk of injury increases because it's easier to do exercises improperly. "And because the number of exercises is endless, it's easy to create a program that's not balanced or omits exercises that target important muscle groups." There are pros and cons to both machines and free weights, so a combination of the two can yield maximum results. But overall, it comes down to personal preference. Some people feel more comfortable using machines rather than free-weights and the decision to use either should be based on a person's overall goals, time available, experience, and injury history/risk.