The West has issued a series of sanctions against Russia in response to the invasion of Ukraine, freezing the country out of the international financial system but despite reports saying Putin is furious, he doesn’t appear to be backing down. Body language expert Darren Stanton said the Russian leader “sees himself as the world's most powerful man who is looking “to leave his mark in history”. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Stanton said Putin's body language has “dramatically” changed from his normal “cool, calm and collection” self since the invasion began. He said: “We have seen lots of micro-expressions of extreme anger which he then tries to suppress because he knows this will probably not be received well by the world's media." Mr Stanton added that Putin has “prolonged” his period of eye contact in a bid to appear more “intimidating”. He said: “Normal eye contact is three to five seconds of prolonged eye contact before humans feel it’s appropriate to look away or blank since the escalation into Ukraine he has begun to go against that general rule of thumb which even he used to do unconsciously, he now prolongs eye contact with journalists and his aids and in meetings and with all the politicians, this again is a power gesture meant to say I mean business I am not playing games. “If you imagine someone stuck at you for a prolonged period of time it can get quite intimidating so anyone that prolongs I contact is all about undermining intimidating and make a new person feel less powerful I’m less confident.”  On Wednesday the United Nations General Assembly voted overwhelmingly to condemn Russia's aggression against Ukraine and demand Russia withdraw all of its military forces. A total of 141 members voted for the outcome with five against and 35 abstentions. Resolutions of the General Assembly are not legally binding but carry political weight by showing the strength of international feeling. UK Foreign secretary Liz Truss declared Russia “isolated” following the vote.  READ MORE: ‘It will embolden the fight’ Russian diplomat lashes out at UN But Mr Stanton said Putin “cannot back down” putting himself in a “precarious position”. He said: “He will be perceived as a very weak man and by not only the west but also his own people and I believe he is a man that is looking to leave his mark in history no matter what the outcome. “This is why I think we the west are playing it cool with sanctions I’m not sending direct troops into Ukraine instead helping with money weaponry and other humanitarian aid.” Russian troop action is thought to be progressing more aggressively as satellite images showed what is believed to be a 40-mile military convoy heading towards Kyiv. More than 2,000 civilians have been killed during the invasion, according to the Ukraine emergency service, including children women, and defence forces. DON'T MISSPutin left reeling as key ally Belarus refuses to join warLavrov issues chilling warning to West over nuclear warRussian soldiers head home on foot en masse  Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky slammed the Russian military saying they are only “sent to kill and die”. He said: “They have no idea what they [are] doing. "They don't know our streets. They don't know these people. They don't understand our philosophy. Our mentality, our aspirations, what kind of people here they have, they know nothing." On Thursday Russian officials are expected to meet Ukrainian officials in Belarus on Thursday morning for further talks, following initial discussions earlier this week. A ceasefire is set to be discussed according to Russian news agencies citing Moscow's negotiator Vladimir Medinsky. 