Speculation has surrounded the choice faced by the Duke of Sussex over whether to return from his new home in America for Prince Philip's Service of Thanksgiving. The service, looking at the life of the late Duke of Edinburgh, will take place on March 29 at Westminster Abbey. Many members of the Royal Family will likely be in attendance. The Queen's husband was 99 years old when he passed away in April 2021.  Reports now say a spokesperson for the Duke of Sussex confirmed Prince Harry will not make the trip across the Atlantic for the event. The decision was tweeted by Omid Scobie, the author of 'Finding Freedom', who added that the Duke was hopeful he could be reunited with his grandmother, the Queen, in due course. He tweeted: "A spokesperson for the Sussexes confirms that Prince Harry will not be returning to the UK for the Service of Thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip on March 29. "He does, however, hope to visit the Queen as soon as possible."  The reports were corroborated by BBC royal reporter, Sarah Campbell, who reiterated the Prince's wish to see Her Majesty, 95. The Duke of Sussex's return to the UK to visit his family has been complicated by the ongoing legal battle surrounding police protection for the Sussexes, should they touch back down on British soil. Prince Harry is embroiled in a High Court battle against the Home Office after the Duke was told he would not receive the "same degree" of security when coming back from the US. Prince Harry had offered to pay for the personal security detail himself. READ MORE: Kate will 'hide feelings' but won't forget  The Duke has said he wants to bring his and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex's, two children across when he makes the journey from California to London. But Prince Harry insisted he "does not feel safe" to do so without the protection he seeks. The Queen, 95, and Harry's father Prince Charles, 74, have not yet met the youngest Sussex child, Lilibet Diana. The Duke's legal team is arguing the Sussexes' protection in the US cannot operate with the same efficiency abroad, and do not have access to UK intelligence networks. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry & Meghan savaged for new political move [LIVE] Why Prince Charles will replace the Queen for Commonwealth service [ANALYSIS] Travel with the Royals! Queen on the lookout for new employee [REPORT] Introducing the case for its first hearing last month, Shaheed Fatima QC argued on behalf of Prince Harry that the Duke was desperate to return to visit family and friends. She said: "This claim is about the fact that the claimant does not feel safe when he is in the UK given the security arrangements applied to him in June 2021 and will continue to be applied to him." She added: "It goes without saying that he does want to come back to see family and friends and to continue to support the charities that are so close to his heart. "Most of all, this is and always will be his home." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped back from Royal Family life in March 2020, resettling in Meghan's home state of California with their first-born, Archie Harrison. Their second child, Lilibet, was born in June 2021. But baby Lilibet is yet to be introduced to most of the British Royal Family, as Prince Harry has only made one trip back to the UK since the move. He returned briefly in July last year for the unveiling of a statue dedicated to his mother, the late Princess Diana, which he attended with the Duke of Cambridge. A representative of the Duke of Sussex has been contacted for comment.