Jaden Smith has broken his silence after his father, Will Smith, won Best Actor at the 2022 Oscars and appeared to hit Chris Rock when he made a joke about his wife, Jada. The shocking incident happened when Rock was presenting an award and he made a jibe about Jada’s appearance. The 23-year-old rapper took to Twitter after the ceremony and shared his reaction to his eight million followers. He simply wrote: “And that’s how we do it.” Jaden also shared a selfie with the caption: “My dad’s speech made me cry,” which has since been deleted. Will and Jada’s daughter, Willow, has also broken her silence to her nine million Instagram followers. READ MORE:Piers Morgan slams ‘woke brigade’ claims he 'fancies' Meghan Markle She shared snaps from what appeared to be an Oscars After Party. The 21-year-old singer first posted a picture of herself smiling with her dad while holding his award. Jaden was also in attendance wearing a bright orange suit, grey trainers, and sunglasses. Willow posted a picture of Jada and Jaden, and the Red Table Talk host can be seen lovingly placing her hand on the latter's chest. The family pictures come after a dramatic night at the Oscars where Will appeared to strike comedian Chris Rock. When Rock was presenting the award for Best Documentary, he made reference to Jada’s shaved head saying: “Jada, I love you. GI Jane 2, can’t wait to see you.” The camera cut to Jada, who suffers from alopecia, and she rolled her eyes before Will got out of his seat and seemingly punched the presenter in the face. When Will sat back down he shouted: “Keep my wife’s name out of your f***ing mouth.” DON'T MISSJeremy Clarkson stays loyal to Chelsea amid Roman Abramovich sanctions[LATEST]Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**'[INSIGHT]Oscars viewers left reeling after Will Smith slaps Chris Rock[NEWS] Rock, who appeared shaken, replied: “Wow dude, it was a GI Jane joke.” And Will repeated: “Keep my wife’s name out of your f***ing mouth.” Later in the evening, Will won the award for Best Actor for his role in King Richard where he played Serena and Venus Williams’ father. In a tearful acceptance speech, Will apologised to the Academy, but not to Rock. He began by saying that his character Richard Williams was a “protector of his family”. He continued: “I’m being called on in my life to love people and to protect people, and to be a river to my people. “I know to do what we do [as actors] you gotta be able to take abuse. You gotta be able to have people talk crazy about you. You gotta be able to have people disrespecting you. And you gotta smile and pretend that’s ok.” In tears, Will said he wasn’t crying because he won the award, but because: “It’s about being able to shine light on all of the people. Art imitates life. "I look like the crazy father just like they said about Mr. Williams. Love makes you do crazy things.” He added: “I hope the Academy invites me back”.