Prince Harry, 37, has suffered a dip in popularity since exiting royal duties with wife, Meghan Markle, 40. A September YouGov poll showed positive opinions of the royal dropped from 43 percent to 34 percent. But royal expert Neil Sean has claimed Harry hopes to make a popularity comeback following the release of his memoir later this year. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean said: "Prince Harry has a plan which he believes will make him popular once again in fact, more popular than ever before. "Part of the reason his popularity dipped recently is that he's misunderstood, people don't understand what he's gone through. "I disagree totally because he's never shut up quite frankly but he feels that this book will correct all of that because people will see the true inner self of Harry. "They'll find out the real man and totally understand what he's all about." READ MORE: US fury after Harry 'shows face at American event' His comments come as Prince Charles has been warned to "watch out" as his son, Harry will reveal "royal secrets" in his own tell-all memoir. Harry has promised to give an "accurate and wholly truthful" account of his life which will be released towards the end of 2022. Home life during the break-up of Prince Charles and Dianas's marriage, the period of Diana's death and its aftermath, Harry's relationship with Camilla and past girlfriends are likely to form part of the book which will be eagerly anticipated by readers. The Duke of Sussex stepped down from his royal duties in March 2020 with wife, Meghan Markle before moving to the US. Us Weekly's Entertainment Director Travis Cronin said: "Prince Harry is writing a tell-all book and it's bound to reveal a lot of royal secrets that are further going to embarrass the Royal Family. "In this unexpected twist, Prince Harry's upcoming memoir has sent shockwaves through the Royal Family and sources are telling us that they're not happy. "The insider adds that they haven't received a copy yet so they don't know what to expect so it's making them nervous." Senior editor Sarah Hearon added: "Charles better watch out. I think if we've learnt anything from this press tour in these months, I think we're going to get more tea." DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry warned of decline in mega deals - claim [INSIGHT]Queen health update: Monarch will not be seen 'much' during Jubilee [ANALYSIS]Kate Middleton pregnant? Duchess 'ramping up' royal duties [VIDEO] It comes as Harry and Meghan's "heartbreak" following the Duke of Edinburgh's death will be documented in the new epilogue of a book about the couple. Finding Freedom has been updated since its publication last summer with a new chapter that publisher HarperCollins said will also recount "Meghan's emotional healing journey from losing a child to the birth of their daughter". Co-authors Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand's book chronicles the duke and duchess's romance and brief period as members of the monarchy before they broke away to forge a new life for themselves and son Archie in America. HarperCollins said the epilogue in the paperback edition will share: "Behind the scenes of Harry and Meghan's ground breaking interview with Oprah, details behind the couple's move to California (and) the various philanthropic and business endeavours the Sussexes have been involved with since their move and what's to come with Archewell Productions."