Abhishek ‘Shake’ Chatterjee was heavily criticised by Netflix viewers for his comments made against his pod match, Deepti Vempati, during their time on the series. Now the second season of Love Is Blind has come to an end, Shake took to Instagram to confirm his latest relationship status. Shake shared a number of pictures with his new girlfriend Emily in his latest Instagram post. Emily posed for selfies with the reality star as they enjoyed a view of the Chicago skyline. In another snap, Shake’s girlfriend showed off a strappy blue dress as the couple appeared to enjoy a night out. He also included a brief video of the pair, in which he let out an affectionate laugh as Emily revealed she was wearing an OnlyFans hoodie. READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' In the caption, Shake wrote: “Good things come to those who wait.” The Love Is Blind star and veterinarian may have also included a subtle dig at his former fiancée, Deepti, as he added “Don’t settle”. Shake’s performance on the series was hit with considerable backlash after he made a number of derogatory comments about Deepti’s appearance. Deepti turned down Shake’s offer of marriage and later described their relationship as "disingenuous". Her match admitted he didn’t feel a physical attraction to her and said spending time with Deepti was like being with his aunt. Shake’s hopes for a girlfriend he could put on his shoulders at festivals, as well as constant inquiries into his other co-stars’ weight, was also slated by fans of the show. He later posted an unapologetic video to Instagram after receiving furious comments from viewers, including Deepti’s own brother. “I’m not sorry,” he told his followers. “I think I handled the situation as best as anybody in my situation could.” DON'T MISS:MAFS Australia’s Jackson defends Olivia after glass smash [COMMENT]Discovery of Witches star details what happened after Emily’s death [INSIGHT]Star Trek Discovery: Book’s death ‘sealed’ by director hint [SPOILERS] “And at the end of the day, I’m going to live my best life going forward. “And you don’t have to like me. Only I have to like me, thankfully. And that’s real life.” More recently, Shake has continued his feud with Love Is Blind co-host Nick Lachey in his latest Instagram post. On Monday, Shake shared a TikTok video from Nick’s MTV reality series in which he features with his wife and NCIS Hawaii star, Vanessa Lachey, Newlyweds: Nick and Jessica. Nick refuses to open the car door for Vanessa, and cracks: “That’s because at the beginning of our marriage I got laid.” Shake tagged the Love Is Blind presenter and wrote: “Not even opening the car door for his wife. Sad.” It may be a while before reality TV fans get to see the next instalment of Love Is Blind, but the current cast is still causing a stir now they’ve left the pods. Love Is Blind season 2 is available to stream on Netflix.