Videos show the inside of apartments violently shaking - and blackouts were recorded across the country. Two million homes across Japan were left without power and the Fukushima nuclear plant's fire alarm sounded. While no nuclear abnormalities have been recorded by officials yet, homes and supermarkets were rocked. Footage of the quake hitting was also  captured via a live camera feed monitoring Tokyo. According to the Japan Meteorological Agency, the earthquake happened 60km below the sea near the coast of Fukushima at around 11.36pm local time. Many parts of eastern Japan were hit by the quake with footage also showing roads shaking. The earthquake struck in the same region a 9.0 magnitude disaster was experienced back in March 2011. The subsequent quake caused a tsunami, leading to huge damage at the Fukushima nuclear power plant - as its cooling systems failed. So far, there have been no reports of casualties and Japanese authorities are assessing the situation. Power outages have been recorded as far as Tokyo - over 150 miles away. The Tokyo Electric Power Company believes around two million homes are without power across the country. Train services have been suspended as the East Japan Railway conducts safety checks.  Fukushima experienced the 9.0 magnitude quake back in 2011 which caused a nuclear meltdown. The following tsunami killed more than 18,000 people on the island of Honshu - with hundreds of thousands forced to evacuate the area. DON'T MISSDead dolphin mystery after animal washes up on UK beach [REPORT]Yellowstone volcano: 20-mile eruption warning [ANALYSIS]Canary Islands record 103 earthquakes in 6 days – strongest in Tenerife [INSIGHT]  However, sea defences were quickly breached and water destroyed the cooling systems in the plant. As a result, fuel cores began to melt as they could not be cooled, causing a nuclear meltdown. An exclusion zone was put in place to protect residents. It is still in place today and many residents have not returned. 