Prince William, 39, and Kate, 40, departed for the Jamaican capital, Kingston, on Tuesday. They will leave for their final stop, the Bahamas, on Thursday. But before their plane touched down, a Jamaican human rights advocate called for an apology from the Duke and Duchess, who she said were benefitting from her ancestors’ “blood, tears and sweat”. Opal Adisa, who helped put together the protest outside the British High Commission building, joined the chorus calling for the monarchy to pay reparations for slavery. Hujae Hutchinson, 27, who was at the rally, said: "I am a descendant of great African ancestors, I owe it to them to be here.” Ms Adisa called William and Kate “beneficiaries”, adding: “They are, in fact, complicit because they are positioned to benefit specifically from our ancestors, and we're not benefiting from our ancestors.” She said: "The luxury and the lifestyle that they have had and that they continue to have, traipsing all over the world for free with no expense, that is a result of my great, great grandmother and grandfather, their blood and tears and sweat." Saying an apology from the monarchy would be a “first step”, she commented: "You know, we don't have anything personally against Kate and Prince William, and even the Queen, for that matter. “But we're simply saying you've done wrong, and it is way past time that you admit that you've done wrong and when you do, redressing it.” The tour is part of the Royal Family's celebrations of Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee year. The Duke and Duchess cancelled a visit to a village in Belize after local residents protested against their arrival. READ MORE: The three people looking after George, Charlotte and Louis The royal couple was set to visit the Akte’il Ha cacao farm in Indian Creek, but a dispute between Flora and Fauna International - of which Prince William is a patron - and residents of the Toledo district led to the trip being axed. The Duke and Duchess’s helicopter was supposed to land on a nearby football field. Sebastian Shol, chair of Indian Creek village, told the Daily Mail: “We don’t want them to land on our land, that’s the message that we want to send. “They could land anywhere, but not on our land.” DON'T MISS: Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward's £30million home is near Queen [REVEAL] Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William face Jamaica fury over Meghan [LIVE] Inside Queen Letizia home: Spanish royals don’t live in Madrid [INSIGHT] A Kensington Palace spokesperson said: “We can confirm that due to sensitive issues involving the community in Indian Creek, the visit has been moved to a different location.” The Belize government added: “Indian Creek was one of several sites being considered. “Due to issues in the village, the government of Belize activated its contingency planning and another venue has been selected to showcase Maya family entrepreneurship in the cacao industry.” A group of politicians, activists, musicians and business leaders based in Jamaica signed an open letter that called on the monarchy to apologise for slavery and pay reparations. The letter said: “We see no reason to celebrate 70 years of the ascension of your grandmother to the British throne because her leadership, and that of her predecessors, has perpetuated the greatest human rights tragedy in the history of humankind.” The letter, penned by the group known as the Advocates Network, called William and Kate “direct beneficiaries of the wealth accumulated by the Royal Family over centuries”.