The Service of Thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip will take place on March 29, a few days before the first anniversary of the Duke of Edinburgh’s death on April 9. The Dutch Royal Family has confirmed that King Willem-Alexander, Queen Máxima, and Princess Beatrix will attend the service. In an announcement, the Royal House of the Netherlands said that the royals will make the trip to London to pay tribute to the late Prince Philip. The Spanish royals King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia have also confirmed their intentions for traveling to London to attend the service. Moreover, the Royal Palace in Brussels has confirmed that the Belgian King Philippe and Queen Mathilde will attend the event. From Sweden, King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia are also scheduled to be at the event, attendance at which is allowed by invitation only. When the Swedish royals announced their attendance, royal watcher RoyalArjan commented that “this means that all European sovereigns/royal families will have received invitations.” He added: "No doubt they will all be there." The service will take place at Westminister Abbey, where the Prince married HRH Princess Elizabeth back in 1947 before she became Queen in 1952. The couple also celebrated anniversaries including their Silver, Golden, and Diamond wedding anniversaries with services in the Abbey. It is not confirmed yet whether the Queen herself will be able to attend the service, after her notable absence from the Commonwealth Day service on Monday. Her absence was then understood to be due to reasons of comfort since she has admitted mobility problems while she has also just recovered from Covid. However, according to royal author Robert Hardman, the soon-to-be 96 years old monarch is “pacing herself”, since her attendance at this deeply personal, upcoming event is a “priority”. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are not expected to attend the service, after a row over their security when returning to the UK from the US, where they live. Prince Harry has insisted that he “does not feel safe” to make the trip across the pond with his wife and children without the protection he was denied. The reason is that his security team reportedly cannot operate with the same efficiency abroad without access to UK intelligence networks.