Carer’s Allowance is a benefit payment administered by the devolved Government in Scotland. Unlike Carer’s Allowance, this payment is not managed and delivered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). It is delivered twice a year and is paid to people who receive Carer’s Allowance on a particular date in the year. Each payment is worth £237.90 which means a claimant of the supplementary benefit would get £475.80 annually. Both instalments are usually delivered to recipients in June and October depending on when they get Carer’s Allowance. A claimant will get their first Carer’s Allowance Supplement in June if they get Carer's Allowance on April 11, 2022. Later in the year, the same claimant will get their second payment in December if they get the original DWP benefit by October 10, 2022. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim  Different from the DWP, Social Security Scotland is responsible for managing the handout of Carer’s Allowance Supplement. Last year, £19.1million was paid automatically to those who were entitled to receive Carer’s Allowance on 12 April 2021. On the Carers UK website, the organisations representing the UK’s unpaid carers reminded claimants that receiving this additional payment will not affect how much they get from other benefits. The charity stated: “Carer's Allowance Supplement will not affect other benefits such as housing benefit, income support, Universal Credit or council tax reduction.  “You do not need to tell anyone about this payment for benefit purposes and it will not affect the amount of any other benefit you receive. “Carer's Allowance Supplement will not be counted as income in calculating your Tax Credits award. However, Carer’s Allowance itself continues to be counted as income for tax credits. “Carer’s Allowance Supplement will also not be taken into account in income assessments for college student support.” Kevin Stewart, the Scottish Government’s Minister for Mental Wellbeing and Social Care, explained why Carer’s Allowance Supplement is crucial to supporting the country’s unpaid carers. Mr Stewart said: “Unpaid carers play a vital role in society and I know the pandemic has placed many additional pressures on Scotland’s carers. “The Scottish Government has always been committed to improving carers' rights and providing them with the support and extra help they deserve. “The local services and third sector organisations that have been supporting carers during the pandemic have been exceptional. “I am pleased to be able to announce this additional funding to allow them to continue their essential work.” He added: “This support for carers comes on top of the Carer’s Allowance Supplement, the first payment made by Social Security Scotland, which increased Carer’s Allowance for eligible Scottish carers by around 13 percent compared to carers in the rest of the UK. "In addition to this uplift to Carer’s Allowance, we made extra Coronavirus Carer’s Allowance Supplement payments in June 2020 and in December 2021 to support eligible carers.” Carer’s Allowance claimants can apply for the Carer’s Allowance Supplement via the Social Security Scotland website.