JK Rowling was inundated with comments after the Harry Potter author took to Twitter and shared an image that got everyone guessing. An optical illusion that has gone viral online had admittedly left the writer stumped. Taking to the micro-blogging site on March 19, the 56-year-old shared the illusion which aimed to reveal whether a person is left-brained or right-brained depending upon what they see. Countless celebrities and social media users weighed in on the illusion after it surfaced on Twitter. Many, however, were of the opinion that the illustration resembled neither a fish nor a mermaid, but looked rather like a donkey. In view of her 13.9 million followers, JK Rowling said: "It's a donkey, though." READ MORE: 'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star @duffyj1987 wrote: "I see a f*****g kangaroo?" James Dreyfus commented: "Or a seal. No fish, no mermaid. At all." Roddy Dunlop remarked: "Does anyone see a mermaid? Or, indeed, a fish? It’s a donkey or a seal, surely??" Aviemore added: "Am I a donkey for thinking it was a horse?"  Other celebrities joined in on the test, as Piers Morgan agreed with JK Rowling's theory. Retweeting the post, he penned: "Agreed - a donkey." Comedian and author David Baddiel also saw a donkey in the image. He tweeted: "I see a badly-tied bin liner." DON'T MISS... A Place In The Sun's Laura Hamilton forced to drop part of show[LATEST]Nick Knowles' brutal dig at Max Verstappen after F1 'tantrum'[SPORT]'He abandoned us' Strictly's Karen Hauer breaks silence on separation[EXCLUSIVE] But presenter Jonathon Ross was convinced the illustration depicted a plump seal as he replied to David. Jon joked: "It’s a plump seal lying in its back. YOU’RE a donkey." Amanda Abbington said: "It's a seal." The illustration has gone viral and has been suggested that it will reveal which side of the brain is more dominant. But there is nothing to suggest that this is true. The human brain is divided into two hemispheres - left and right. It is commonly believed that people who are "left-brained" excel in logical and analytical thinking, while "right-brained" people are more creative. According to Harvard Health, evidence suggests that left versus right brain is nothing more than a myth.