 BBC sitcom The Royle Family was a hit with viewers as it portrayed the lives of a television-fixated working-class family from Manchester. The popular show was created by Caroline Aherne and Craig Cash who starred as Denise Royle and her boyfriend Dave Best. Many fans have been missing the series as there haven’t been any new episodes since its Christmas special in 2012. So, what happened to the cast and where are they now? Express.co.uk has everything you need to know.    Ricky Tomlinson played Jim Royle, the father of the family, who famously spent much of his time sitting in his armchair in front of the TV. Since starring in the hit series, Ricky has continued to have success in film and television. He led the cast of detective series Nice Guy Eddie, playing a Liverpool-based private detective called Eddie McMullen. On the silver screen, Ricky featured in the 2009 Christmas film Nativity and Sacha Baron Cohen’s 2016 action-comedy Grimsby. More recently, 2020 saw Ricky team up with Death in Paradise actor Ralf Little for a travel series entitled Ricky and Ralf’s Very Northern Road Trip. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot?   Sue Johnston played the iconic Royle Family matriarch Barbara who would do almost everything for her husband, Jim, and daughter, Denise. After The Royle Family, Sue ventured into the world of soaps and joined the cast of Coronation Street. The actress starred on the cobbles as Gloria Price between 2012 and 2014. She later went on to join the cast of hit period drama Downton Abbey, taking on the role of Gladys Denker.   Caroline Aherne co-wrote The Royle Family and played the only daughter of Jim and Barbara, Denise Royle. The actress went on to become the narrator of Channel 4’s Gogglebox in 2013. However, she sadly died in 2016 following a battle with lung cancer. Caroline’s Royle Family co-star and close friend Craig Cash later took over her Gogglebox role. DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip's Tim Wonnacott staggered by tea set's profit [WATCH]‘Not realistic at all!’ Our House viewers fume over ‘plot hole’ [MUST SEE]Death in Paradise star shares first impression of ‘crazy’ newcomer [INSIGHT]  Ralf Little starred in The Royle Family as Jim and Barbara’s son Anthony. The BBC sitcom was one of Ralf’s first acting roles and quickly shot him to fame. He went on to star alongside Will Mellor and Sheridan Smith in Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps. The actor currently holds the lead role of DI Neville Parker the BBC’s Death in Paradise. He’s also the narrator of Channel 5’s hit farming series Our Yorkshire Farm which follows the life of Amanda Owen and her family.   Craig Cash co-wrote the hit series with Caroline and also starred as Denise's dim-witted partner Dave. He’s also well known for writing other shows including Early Doors which featured James McAvoy and Sunshine which starred Steve Coogan. In 2016, after Caroline’s death, Craig took over the role of the narrator of Channel 4's Gogglebox. The Royle Family series 1 to 3 are available to stream on BBC iPlayer now.  