Edith Bowman has opened up on the truth behind rumours she was once in a relationship with Cat Deeley. She admitted she is “in love” with Cat, but only as friends. Radio legend Edith presented Hitlist UK alongside Cat, 45, back in the 1990s, and they also starred in a BBC travel show named Roadtripping together. Their close friendship sparked some rumours at the time that they were secretly dating - something Edith branded “intrusive”. Speaking on Angela Scanlon’s Thanks a Million podcast, 48-year-old Edith said: “Cat Deeley and I,  who are still really good mates, we started MTV at the same time. “We'd spent so much time just hanging out and going out, and we worked together on MTV, and then we went and did this travel show together, which was so much fun. READ MORE: Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma “We came up with the idea [while] watching Thelma and Louise one night with a bottle of wine going, 'Wouldn't it be great to do a show like this?’ “We were really good mates, and we are really good mates still. “And it was like, 'Oh, Cat and Edith are in a lesbian relationship'.” Edith explained photos of her and Cat leaving a bar a little merry and holding each other up had been misconstrued in the papers.  “We are in love, but as friends,” she added. “It's so bizarre.” Edith began dating Editors frontman Tom Smith in 2005, and they tied the knot in 2013. They share two sons - Rudy, 13, and Spike, nine. DON'T MISS... Andrea McLean forced to sell house 'before it became an issue'[LATEST]Christopher Biggins claims Queen is 'largely confined to wheelchair'[INSIGHT]ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home[NEWS] Cat is married to comedian Patrick Kielty, and they also have two sons - Milo, six, and James, three. Edith speaks highly of her pal Cat, telling HELLO! last year: “What to say about Cat Deeley. “Well if she was going to be a Mr Men/Little Miss character she'd be Little Miss Bubbles, for various reasons; she loves a glass of bubbly but more importantly because of the vibrancy and joy she spreads to anyone within a mile radius of her." She added: "[She has] an infectious personality who is one of my best mates. Also, she is the most amazing mother to Mylo and James."  More recently, the duo host a BBC podcast called Friends Will be Friends. In a statement, the pair said: "We are so excited about our new project, Friends Will Be Friends. “It's something we came up with that allows us to celebrate our own friendship while exploring the beautiful and unique relationships a friendship can be to us all. “Ours has survived time, distance and working together for 20 years. Long may it continue."