Despite mounting pressure from onlookers to pull the plug on the comedian's show, Channel 4 have commissioned I Literally Just Told You To for a second outing. It has been announced that the new eight-part cycle will also have two celebrity specials, and the broadcaster fully backs Jimmy and his sense of humour. The show's format is tipped to stay the same, with players having to answer questions that have just been written about things that have just happened during the show.The broadcaster's chief content officer Ian Katz applauded Jimmy's time as the host during season one and defended the right of comedians to make offensive jokes.Ian said: “I defend the rights of comedians to make offensive jokes, and if they can’t, then comedy is dead."Previous celebrities featured on season one of the show include Lorraine Kelly, Aisling Bea, Asim Chaudhry and Alex Horne. Read More: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return as she adopts Abi Franklin's baby? "Jimmy hasn’t espoused any views that are at odds with C4 values and just as we as a broadcaster exist to serve and represent a wide range of communities, we should always be home to the widest range of voices," he added as he spoke to the website Broadcast.The first instalment was made of six episodes which include one celebrity special.Jimmy came under fire for his joke about the Holocaust that featured in his Netflix special Jimmy Carr: His Dark Material.Ian added that they would not have aired that joke on Channel 4. On Ofcom complaints and assessing issues, he added: “It’s hard to make hard and fast, sweeping statements."The Ofcom code states that material which may cause offence has to be justified by clear context and we make those calls, day in day out."It’s really hard to generalise but you look at each show on its merits.”The Netflix show aired at the end of 2021 and split fans of the streaming platform for his use of risqué humour. DON’T MISS… The Chase viewers blast Bradley Walsh for not accepting answer ‘Unnecessarily harsh!’ [LATEST]The Last Kingdom: Uhtred star opens up on working with 'moody' co-star [LATEST]Tipping Point's Ben Shephard frustrated by player's final performance 'Didn't want you!' [LATEST] Netflix tweeted late last year to say the show is coming: "JIMMY CARR: HIS DARK MATERIAL is @jimmycarr’s new stand-up special, launching on Netflix 25 December.Fan Stuart Bannerman tweeted: "Nice!!! @jimmycarr makes me laugh more than most people. Love this guy!!!""This Jimmy Carr guy is funnier than any of our American comedians," @e92sam added.However, Ariel Verger was not looking forward to it: "If people thought Dave Chappell was problematic, then they don’t know what is coming for them." Darryl Brown added: "Some of the things that pass for comedy these days."Clips of the comedian's joke caught the eye of Top Gear host Jeremy Clarkson who said cancelling the 8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown is a "sick joke".Fellow comedian and actor John Cleese is working on a documentary for Channel 4 titled John Cleese: Cancel Me, which broaches the subject of cancel culture.