In a poll that ran from 9am on Wednesday, March 30, to 10am on Thursday, March 31, Express.co.uk asked: “Should the Queen have allowed Prince Andrew to escort her to Prince Philip's memorial?” A total of 11,253 people cast their votes. Voters were largely divided on the matter, with a small majority of 57 percent (6,442 people) answering “no” the Queen should not have been escorted by Andrew. Meanwhile, 42 percent (4,742 people) said “yes” she should have and just one percent (69 people) said they did not know. Prince Philip’s memorial service was Andrew’s first public appearance since his sexual assault lawsuit was settled. He took a prominent role alongside the Queen, accompanying her on the journey from Windsor and supporting her as she walked to her seat through Westminster Abbey. The Queen’s decision divided Express.co.uk readers with hundreds sharing their views in the comments below the accompanying article. Username Joe Kidd said: “I agree that as a son he had every right to be there, but to have him sat [sic] with her in the royal limo and to walk her in, seems to be a way of showing that all is forgiven.” And username dex13 wrote: “He had a right to pay his respect but should have come in a separate car and walked in behind her at the side entrance.” Likewise, username goldenoldie2017 said: “Andrew should not have been in such a prominent role. “However, he was entitled to attend as a family member.” However, some felt the decision was personal to the Queen and should be respected. Username DonnaM12 said: “It was for the Queen to decide the role of her second son, if it gave her comfort to have his arm that’s for her to decide… “I thought the occasion was handled with dignity and sensitivity.” And username sensible lass said: “Prince Andrew had every right to attend a service to commemorate his late father. “Plus he had every right to escort his elderly mum since she asked him to do so. “He did it with dignity and at no point did he seek to push himself forward.” DON'T MISS:Princess Beatrice broke royal tradition with outfit at Prince Philip's memorial [ANALYSIS]Queen grants rare 'royal' title to beloved association in poignant nod to Prince Philip [LATEST]Royal POLL: Should Queen take a backseat to Charles after Prince Andrew decision? [POLL] While username DelExp wrote: “Her son, his father entirely her decision which everyone else should respect.” Username Wiser1 wrote: “The Queen can have whomever she wants at her husband's memorial.” Username Zeehan said: “The Queen can choose whoever she likes to support her as she walks down the aisle. I’m glad it was Andrew.” After the 40-minute thanksgiving service, Andrew escorted the Queen to the back of the Abbey and was seen leaving in a car with his mother. The Duke stepped back from royal duties in November 2019 after the now-infamous BBC Newsnight interview, and has since been stripped of his military titles, royal patronages and His Royal Highness title. The memorial service was an opportunity to recognise the dedication and commitment of Prince Philip to the Royal Family, country and Commonwealth throughout his life. Hundreds of family, friends, dignitaries and representatives of charities and organisations associated with Philip were in attendance. This was in stark contrast to the small funeral in Windsor last year which was limited to just 30 guests due to Covid restrictions.