Zoe Louise Hicks, 28, from Swindon, was overweight and constantly turned to food when she felt low. Deciding she wanted to do something about her weight, Zoe started to research her options and opted for surgery. Since her weight struggles were impacting her on a daily basis, Zoe decided to look into bariatric surgery. She explained: “My weight was ruling my life. When I felt sad or anxious I would turn to food and unfortunately, due to my weight, that was quite a lot of the time. “I was constantly out of breath, and I never felt comfortable in my clothes as I was unable to shop in regular clothing stores. “I’d worry about going out, even to cafes, in case I couldn’t fit into the chairs. It was all-consuming.” READ MORE: Kate Middleton 'allows herself the odd sweet snack' - 'isn’t a crime' After doing her research, Zoe got in touch with Transform Hospital Group, which has two hospitals based in Birmingham and south Manchester. Following a consultation, Zoe decided to undergo a gastric bypass at Transform’s Burcot Hall hospital in Bromsgrove, Birmingham. The 28-year-old said: “I was considering going abroad at one point when researching my options, and I looked at other UK providers. “However, I had confidence in Transform, and I was right. DON'T MISS: Asda, Sainsbury’s and Aldi remove Russian products from shelves [NEWS]Rare penny valued at £200k sold to the public [UPDATE]Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower ‘regularly’ [EXCLUSIVE] “I was also inspired by James Argent’s weight loss journey and how amazing his results have been. “When I realised he was also treated by Transform Hospital Group, that was reassuring.” Zoe underwent surgery in December 2021 and, just three months later, she has lost a huge seven stone. The slimmer stressed that she is “loving my weight loss journey so far”, saying: “I’m amazed by my results and couldn’t be happier. “I still have a way to go until I reach my goal. Ideally, I would like to lose a further five stone, but I’m so proud of how far I’ve come already. “I was naturally nervous ahead of the surgery, and due to Covid restrictions my husband couldn’t be at Burcot Hall with me. “However, the Transform Hospital Group team were all on hand throughout and they were so caring and reassuring. “My whole experience was amazing. My surgery went ahead without a hitch and the aftercare I’ve received has been second to none.” Zoe went on to say that her life has “changed so much already” after surgery and she feels much more confident in her daily life. She said: “I feel like I’m a new me. The difference in my day-to-day living has changed so much already. “I go swimming up to three times a week, I’m able to walk the dog for longer, and I can even play outside with my niece and nephew. “It’s so lovely to go shopping again and find clothes that fit me. I’ve been able to shop in the tall sections which is something I’ve not been able to do for years – and I enjoy it.” The 28-year-old added: “I’m generally feeling so much better within myself, and my confidence is improving day by day. “In all honesty, I wish I had done it sooner.”