No Time To Die brought a satisfying end to the ongoing James Bond franchise, which starred Daniel Craig. The British actor stepped down from the series after 15 years, and the race is on for a number of young hopefuls to take his place as the new and improved 007. Although the top ten includes such massive names as Richard Madden and Idris Elba, Tom Hardy has been a favourite for some time. Until now. Hardy has found some incredible fame by performing in a few franchises, including Venom, Peaky Blinders, Taboo, and Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy. But, unfortunately for him, his Bond odds have now been reduced to 6/1 by Ladbrokes, leaving him in third place in the current betting. The actor has previously announced he will not be making any public comments about whether he will become Bond next. But, whether he mentions it or not, his chances are dwindling. And he has now been overtaken by a massive Netflix actor - and fellow DC Comics star. Henry Cavill has been announced by Ladbrokes as the actor with the best odds to take over as 007. The British hunk hit mainstream popularity after playing Superman in 2013's Man of Steel. But since then, he has made quite the mark on the small screen by playing Geralt of Rivia in Netflix's The Witcher. Cavill is currently the favourite at Ladbrokes with an incredible 5/2. And fans know he has a great desire to become the next man of mystery following his snub back in 2005. READ MORE: James Bond: Timothy Dalton’s ‘slanging match’ on Licence To Kill set Cavill went for the James Bond role back in 2005 and even got to the auditions for it. He eventually lost out to Craig - of course - but the reason he wasn't taken on was because of his weight. The 38-year-old has since revealed he was told he was looking "too fat" at the audition, and subsequently lost out to Craig. Despite how passionately he wants the role of James Bond, Cavill is not guaranteed the role just yet. DON'T MISS...James Bond: Timothy Dalton’s ‘slanging match’ on Licence To Kill set [INFO]Sean Connery enraged his director after baffling wig choice [NEWS]Next Bond odds: Star with Roger Moore connection tops Henry Cavill [INSIGHT] Just behind Cavill is Bridgerton star Regé-Jean Page. His fellow Netflix actor has a massive, passionate following of fans who are dying to see the British-Zimbabwean actor take the place of Craig. And he has a good chance, too. The star currently has an impressive 3/1 on claiming the role - just slightly behind Cavill. Alex Apati from Ladbrokes said: "Henry Cavill has once again pulled away to lead the Bond betting, but with eight names currently priced 10/1 or shorter, the race to replace Daniel Craig has never been closer." Although the official announcement of the next James Bond will likely come within the next year, the Bond odds are our best way of looking at who could be the next star in the tuxedo. And the Bond bosses have already given some details on how they plan to announce the next James Bond star. Bond boss siblings Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson spoke candidly about how the future of James Bond looks to them. Barbara mused: "Are [the next set of 007 movies] going to be more humorous or less humorous, more gritty or not gritty? And then, when we’ve done that, we have to figure out the actor to play it. So, no, it’s not just ‘Oh, who looks good in a suit?’ We have to figure this out on our own." Michael added: "And we don’t need any more suggestions."