Gardeners can use a variety of different products to help their garden thrive during the summer months, with some opting for more natural ways. Experts at Gardening Express have shared top ways in which Britons can perk up plants using natural ingredients from the home. Chris Bonnett from Gardening Express said: “Plants need a plethora of nutrients and a bit of care to survive. “Some fertilisers and repellents can be costly when bought, but nature has many of the answers if you have a little bit of time. “Plants can start to die when they lack the proper nutrients it needs to live, and then can be upsetting for plant owners, especially when they live in the house. “Homemade plant food is an easy and inexpensive way to feed plants without accidentally harming them or breaking the bank.” READ MORE: Monty Don shares which vegetables to sow now for summer crop Experts at Gardening Express shared top homemade food which can be used by gardeners, including sparkling water. Carbonated water contains lots of macronutrients including carbon, oxygen, hydrogen, potassium and sodium. According to the experts, these are “incredibly beneficial” for plants, although the fizzy water should be left to go flat before using. They added: “Citrus peels are high in nitrogen, sulphur, magnesium and calcium, all of which give leafy plants a quick pick me up. DON'T MISS:Phil Spencer: Questions to ask when moving or extending [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to get grout looking ‘brand new’ in ‘minutes’ [INSIGHT]Average UK house price exceeds £260k for the first time [EXPLAINER] “Orange peel is the best choice, as it also acts as a natural pest repelling spray, which keeps aphids away.” Banana peels can also be used because they are extremely high in potassium. Gardening Express recommended tossing the banana peel right onto the soil. They said: “The extra potassium will make your plants stronger and healthier, giving them more energy to fight off pests.” Instead of throwing away green tea leaves after they are used to make the tea, they can be beneficial for plants. They are packed with iron, which is great for plants who need lots of it to survive. For those who drink coffee instead of tea, dry coffee grounds are “perfect” for fertilising the soil and providing plants with antioxidants. They are also packed with potassium, phosphor and nitrogen. The experts added: “However, make sure that the grounds are dry, wet ones can cause fungus to grow, which will harm plants.” For those wanting to save some money, making a DIY plant food could be a great option. Store-bought plant food can also contain some chemicals that plants don’t need. Gardening Express explained: “A natural plant food formula is a much better idea. Mix one teaspoon baking soda, one tablespoon epsom salts and half a teaspoon of ammonia with a gallon of water. “Leave for an hour or two to dissolve before pouring over plants.” Aspirin, which can help relieve human pain, is also great at boosting the immune system of plants and preventing fungal diseases. “It’s because they contain salicylic acid, which is also great at helping cut plants and flowers last longer.”