The Ukrainian Defence Intelligence has alleged that Russian President Vladimir Putin has ordered the preparation of a “terrorist attack” at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant. In a statement, they claimed that Russian forces will try to create a “man-made catastrophe” at the site and then try to shift the blame on Ukraine. They also said that Russian troops were spotted collecting the bodies of dead Ukrainian servicemen to plant at the scene.  The power plant was the site of the 1986 nuclear disaster and was captured by invading Russian forces last month. Given these fears, a geographer has shared a chilling map showing the devasting impact a nuclear disaster could have on the whole of Europe, including the UK. Simon Kuestenmacher shared the map on Twitter, depicting the extent of radiation that reached the continent following the 1986 disaster. He said: “This is how a cloud of radiation engulfed Europe during the 1986 Chernobyl disaster.  “It's a gentle reminder that shelling, bombing, attacking nuclear reactors is a crazy undertaking!” The map showed that Russia, Ukraine and Belarus, all part of the Soviet Union when the disaster struck, faced the brunt of the fallout. However, traces of radioactive materials were found in most countries in Europe. A major reason for this was that in the days following the disaster, dangerous radioactive clouds were blown across Europe. READ MORE: Chernobyl contact lost as power to second plant 'compromised' Even the UK was hit by these winds, as heavy rains then washed the radioactive decay onto fields in the UK. This was then absorbed by plants and went on to contaminate sheep that grazed on the land. In Wales, nearly 10,000 farms and four million sheep were put under government restrictions and the impact of Chernobyl was felt for decades. Ukrainian journalist Iryna Matviyishyn explained: "Ukrainian intelligence says Putin has ordered his forces to prepare a terrorist attack at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant to accuse Ukrainians of the man-made catastrophe. DON'T MISSXi Jinping on path to conflict with Putin as China could STARVE [REPORT] Putin's plan to STARVE Britons backfires as backup stocks built up [INSIGHT] UK food crisis: Russia export ban prompts price spike warning [REVEAL] "Chernobyl is completely disconnected from the monitoring systems of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). "Russians refused to grant access to the station to Ukrainian repairers. Instead, they let 'Belarusian specialists' in. The power plant was the site of the 1986 nuclear disaster and was captured by invading Russian forces last month. Since the takeover, Ukraine’s nuclear regulator has only been able to communicate with staff through email.  Now, according to reports from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), all communications have ceased. Ukraine's intel chiefs said: "Without getting the desired result from the ground military operation and direct negotiations, Putin is ready to commit to the nuclear blackmail of the world community for the sake of actions to support Ukraine." "Putin's actions will have catastrophic consequences for the whole world. Looks like this is exactly what the Russian dictator is counting on, demanding unacceptable actions." 