Hampers are a wonderful Mother’s Day gifting option and are filled with drinks and food that can be enjoyed by everyone. READ MORE: 16 best mother’s day gifts under £50 to spoil mum in 2022 Marks and Spencer is selling popular 100 stem bouquet for Mother’s Day for £20 in sale Gift £6 afternoon tea deal from Patisserie Valerie for Mother’s Day - at 43 locations  There are plenty of options and you can find hampers with a few special items or mega ones that come with an assortment of treats. Mother’s Day is happening on Sunday 27 March 2022, so make sure you order a hamper now so that it arrives before the big day. From special breakfast themed hampers to gin and Prosecco bundles, these are the best food and drink hampers to give your mum in 2022. Perfect for the mum that loves a good afternoon tea, the Kensington Teatime hamper from Marks and Spencer is packed with classic favourites like Scottish shortbread, Devon scones, Swiss chocolate truffles, Victoria sandwich cake and more. Accompany the delicious treats with a gold label tea and it’s also perfect opportunity to enjoy some delightful tea time with mum. Buy it on Marks & Spencer (£40) Send your mum a sweet message with this hamper that’s perfect for indulging and has treats from Cartwright & Butler. Complete with chocolate wafer crisps, butter fudge, honeyed strawberries and more, it’s got a bottle of Bottega rosé for a truly sparkling touch. Buy it on Moonpig (£48) If you really want to treat her to a memorable hamper, then pick the Mother’s Day Afternoon Tea set from Fortnum & Masons, which will seriously impress with its luxurious options. With eight luxury items that include pistachio and clotted cream biscuits, rosé Prosecco, chocolate flowers, Victoria grey tea biscuits, it comes in Fortnum’s classic wooden box, which is sure to be reused for years to come. Buy it on Fortnum & Masons (£130) If mum fancies some gin, treat her to this hamper which has everything you need to enjoy a delicious gin cocktail. Mum will love drinking cans of Six O’Clock Exotic Orange gin and tonic, and she can pair the drinks with olives, pretzels, quinoa bites and blood orange gin flavoured chocolate. Buy it on Virginia Hayward Hamper (£29.99) If you’re looking to really treat mum, this luxury hamper is packed with decadent food that will make her feel special. Encased in a stunning grey box, find rosemary and sea salt crisps, sweet and salty popcorn, mature cheddar and caramelised red onion bites, a bottle of Prosecco and many more surprises. Buy it on Moonpig (£50) Gift your mum the perfect start to any day with this breakfast themed hamper and it’s got the perfect continental breakfast. With this hamper, mum can enjoy a cup of English breakfast tea or strong black coffee and she can share croissants with raspberry and marmalade, smoked salmon and even make a mimosa with orange juice and Prosecco. Buy it on Virginia Hayward Hamper (£39.99) Snacks are the way to mum’s heart and the Metropolitan Gourmet Selection hamper is sure to make any mum happy. There’s plenty of treats for her to indulge on like salted popcorn, sea salt crisps, mini cookies, cocktail wafer biscuits and a bottle of Shiraz that’s sure to be enjoyed. Buy it on Moonpig (£50) Give mum a memorable hamper and gift her the Dim Sum gift basket from Mai Dim Sum for a scrumptious meal that can be easily steamed at home. Highlights from the dim sum selection include Pork and Prawn Shui Mai , Prawn and Bamboo Har Gau , Mushroom and Bamboo Dumplings and you can choose between meat or vegan-friendly dim sum boxes, which come with a bamboo steamer and a beautiful bouquet of flowers. Buy it from Mai Dim Sum (£68)