British tourists will face water shortages in Spain’s Costa del Sol this month. Despite this week’s heavy rain, there are still issues. Showers on some of the region’s most popular beaches will be out of action due to a ban to save water. The regional Government has said it intends to bring in more restrictions to preserve water during the shortages. There is expected to be a ban on using drinking water for washing floors or pavements, car washing, or watering public or private gardens. Costa del Sol golf courses will also be banned from using drinking water to water any of the greens. READ MORE: Ryanair customer shares luggage hack - save £50 Showers and public fountains are also expected to be switched off once the emergency law is brought in. Malaga is currently experiencing heavy rain with more forecast before the end of the month. However, the regional Government has said the rain will not affect its plans to restrict water usage. The declaration of an ‘exceptional drought situation’ was approved on March 11 by the Commission for the Management of Drought. However, on the same day the heavens opened and helped to replenish vital water tanks in the region. Experts say the province’s reservoirs have recovered a bit in the last week but the rains are insufficient to save the water deficit. The water saving measures are expected to come into force in the next few days with a review in early April. Popular holiday resorts including Estepona, Marbella, Fuengirola, Mijas, Benalmadena and Torremolinos are likely to be affected. The drought commission has asked customers to act responsibly and says it will be “increasing vigilance”. Emergency work is ongoing at pumping stations but the Minister of Agriculture and Sustainable Development, Carmen Crespo has called on the central Government to use funds to expand the production capacity of fresh water. The Costa del Sol is one of the UK’s top destinations with many Britons travelling for sun, sea and sand. Many tourists are eager to get back to Spain with easyJet data showing that more than 30 percent of Britons plan to holiday there this year.  British adults will need to be fully vaccinated to travel to Spain unless they have proof of a recent recovery. British teenagers aged between 12-17 can travel to Spain if they have a negative PCR test from the last 72 hours. Britons no longer need to take any tests or fill out a passenger locator form after arriving in the UK. However, tourists will need to wear a mask in all indoor venues in Spain and may need to show a Covid passport in some areas. The Government has dicussed scrapping the use of masks indoors but has yet to confirm a date. Additional reporting by Rita Sobot. 