Mikel Arteta knows he's only a top-four finish away from a golden ticket. The obsessive Spanish tactician is set to sign a contract extension on improved terms at Arsenal and if he secures the return of Europe's elite club competition, the Gunners will have the chance to sign whoever they please this summer. While it's obvious that some potential targets will continue to elude them, they are shopping in a much more esteemed market. Last summer's business - that was centred around signing young talent to nurture and develop - would suggest Arsenal are unlikely to blow mega cash on big names. That said, finishing fourth would also come with huge financial incentives heading into the summer market. Arsenal had bundles of cash to one side in January for a big-name striker but failed in their attempts to lure Dusan Vlahovic to the Emirates. READ MORE: Arsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks held At least one striker - probably two - will arrive through the door with Arteta keen to replace former captain Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang plus potentially Alexandre Lacazette. Arteta needs a dynamic goalscorer and a centre-forward capable of playing with his back to goal. Benfica's Darwin Nunez has recently emerged as a target and the Uruguayan would be the perfect fit for Arteta's project. He can do both sides of the game - holding it up and involving others, plus running in behind and scoring. READ MOREMohamed Salah and Egypt targeted with lasers by Senegal fans in World Cup play-off deciderSadio Mane sends Senegal to World Cup as Liverpool team-mate Mo Salah skies penaltyAjax director shines light on Erik ten Hag mindset after completing Man Utd interview For that reason, the 22-year-old frontman looks the ideal replacement for Lacazette, who is on course to depart when his contract expires. Nunez won't come cheap though and is expected to cost upwards of £60m. Another striker will also need to arrive, one that can replicate Aubameyang's profile. Lille's Jonathan David fits the bill and he will not cost an extortionate figure while Real Sociedad's Alexander Isak could also be the answer. The Swede has a release clause of £70m though, meaning signing both Isak and Nunez seems unlikely. Elsewhere, Arsenal could also profit from more quality in central midfield. The Gunners have not been the same side this season whenever Thomas Partey or Granit Xhaka have been missing. Youri Tielemans is seemingly available for just £25m and that could prove a real snip for Arsenal given the Belgian is still only 24. His representatives have already held a meeting with Edu at London Colney in recent months, which suggests a deal could be on the cards. Tielemans would represent a clear upgrade on Arsenal's current other midfield options such as Albert Sambi Lokonga and Mohamed Elneny, who is off at the end of the season when his contract expires. Finally, while Arsenal's defence seems largely set, they could do with another standout right-back. Cedric Soares has played more minutes than expected in recent months due to Takehiro Tomiyasu's continuous battle with injury. The Japanese international has had a brilliant debut season in England but he is not an out-and-out right-back. He is the perfect cover at both centre-back and full-back but a more attacking option may be beneficial to Arteta. Tariq Lamptey and Max Aarons would tick those boxes when Barcelona's Sergino Dest could also be up for grabs. It remains unclear whether Arsenal will move for a right-back but it would certainly go a long way to strengthening their side.