Arsenal outcast Lucas Torreira appears to be closing in on a £13million exit from the Gunners. The midfielder has fallen out of favour under Mikel Arteta, instead being shipped out on loan to Atletico Madrid and Fiorentina. Torreira is on loan at La Viola until the end of the season, with the Serie A side possessing an option to buy him in the summer. The Uruguayan has impressed at the Artemio Franchi Stadium, earning a place as a regular starter under Vincenzo Italiano. He has been a key player as Fiorentina have put themselves on course for a top-half finish and they sit just two points off the final European qualification place. His latest starring performance came on Sunday against Bologna when he bundled the ball in from close-range to hand his side all three points. The match-winning display will only add to the calls for Fiorentina to make his move to Italy permanent in the summer. JUST IN: Mohamed Salah injury fears with Liverpool star doubt to face Arsenal La Viola are able to do for a fee of £13million, roughly half of what the Gunners paid to Sampdoria to sign him in 2018. One man who certainly thinks they should do so is Daniele Amerini, who formerly played for Fiorentina before becoming an agent. Amerini has insisted that now is the ‘right time’ for his former club to make their move for Torreira, given his displays this season. “In Italy, I remembered him as an inexhaustible player able to dictate the play, but now he really does everything,” Amerini told Firenze Viola. DON'T MISS: Arteta justifies Arsenal risk after Keown blasted 'unnecessary' deal (INSIGHT)Aubameyang equals Zlatan Ibrahimovic record as Arsenal exit questioned (NEWS)Mikel Arteta makes Liverpool confession with challenge set for Arsenal (ANALYSIS) “He recovers the ball, saves the result at the edge of the area, brings pressure, sets the tempo and even scores goals. “He really amazed me, and I must say that if La Viola redeem him from Arsenal for €15m, they will have done a great deal: now is the right time to do so.” Torreira himself has heavily hinted that he wants to extend his stay in Florence beyond the end of this season. And with Fiorentina appearing to be well-placed to secure a place in either the Europa League or Europa Conference League, he could be given added incentive to stay. One of his other incentives is the relationship he has with boss Italiano, which Torreira has made clear is one he finds beneficial to performances. “There is still a long way to go, we look at the table, stay calm and keep on improving. I try to be everywhere on the pitch, to help the team,” he said after the win over Bologna. “Many opponents know how we play and try to block me, so I need to find space. The coach trusts me to also go forward and today I scored an important goal. I play for my family and to be happy.” Torreira last played for Arsenal during Project Restart and his contract is set to expire in the summer of 2023, meaning Fiorentina’s option represents the best chance to sell.