The Government's Ukraine Family Scheme has opened applications, allowing Ukrainians to apply to come to the UK. Applying is free, and the scheme allows for British citizens and many immigrants living in the UK to sponsor Ukrainian relatives. Current data shows as of March 28, approximately 3.9 million refugees have left Ukraine. An estimated 6.5 million people have been displaced across Ukraine as of March 18. There have been tens of thousands of applications for the Ukraine Family Scheme in the UK so far, with current data showing as of 5pm on March 28, 77,800 applications have been opened. Of those opened, 38,000 have been submitted, with 12,500 appointments made at a visa application centre. So far, there are 30,400 applications confirmed for processing, with the outstanding applications to be processed standing at 5,300. According to the Government data, in total, there have been 22,100 visas issued so far. Read More: Digital visas for Ukrainian refugees bring hope to British residents Home Secretary Priti Patel said when the scheme was announced: "It’s heartbreaking to have met families, women and children forced from their homeland because of the monstrous Russian invasion. "Our expanded Ukraine Family Scheme is now fully open and to see the first people who will apply was wonderful. "While we want people to be able to return to their homes at the end of this diabolical invasion, giving thousands of people a route to the UK is the right thing to do. "The whole of the UK is united in our condemnation of Russia’s barbaric and cold-blooded actions and the government is doing everything possible to make certain our humanitarian support is in Ukraine’s best interests." According to the Government guidelines, you can bring Ukrainian family into the UK if you are a British citizen or a migrant with one of the following statuses The Government website stipulates to apply to the Ukraine Family Scheme you must: You can find more information on the scheme via the Government's website, here.