Russell Bonner Bentley III shared a video on YouTube standing next to Russian tanks telling the public that they are "ready to bring the hammer down" on Ukraine. The footage went on to show him air-kick an imaginary Ukrainian. He went on to claim that the Ukrainians are the "bad guys". Mr Bentlery said: "It’s Tejas on the front line with the deNazifiers and liberators of Ukraine. "These guys are tough, these guys are ready, and there’s plenty of them." His video has since been taken down on YouTube for violating its guidelines but social media users have reshared it on Twitter in order to mock him. Tyler Eckley wrote: "What the f*** did I just watch." READ MORE: Lukashenko plans Moldova invasion as Belarus President releases plans  While Eleanor Pritchard added: "Whoa! I expected Russia would have something hidden up their sleeve but nothing like this." Richard Sunkle noted: "They say he's fighting with Russian troops but I doubt his fat a** is doing much fighting." Rick Saunders added: "Sounds like Russell Bonner Bentley doesn't need his US citizenship anymore." Meanwhile, Russians living in the UK have said they are "horrified" and "appalled" by President Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine. Dr Uliana Bashtanova, a senior postdoctoral researcher in chemistry at Cambridge University, told the PA news agency that she was "ashamed" for her country. She said: "(The war) should be stopped immediately." The 52-year-old has been going to anti-war protests, has sent food parcels to refugees at the Ukrainian-Polish border and donated money to support young children in Kharkiv. She said none of the Russian expats in her circle back Mr Putin's assault on Ukraine. DON'T MISS Wetherspoons pulls Russian beer from all its pubs over Ukraine [INSIGHT]Russian troops are ‘running out of gas and food’ as Putin dealt blow [ANALYSIS]Klitschko attack BBC newsreader repeating ‘Russian propaganda' [VIDEO] russia Her colleagues at a Cambridge Russian amateur theatre, where Dr Bashtanova is a director, come from all parts of the Russian-speaking community and are "all absolutely appalled", she said. Dr Bashtanova left Moscow for the UK 22 years ago, a move partly driven by concerns over the rise of a former KGB officer to political power. Those fears have come true, she said, as "everything which is happening now is how Putin was taught about the world as a KGB officer". She does not believe Russians back home would support the war if they were properly informed.