The Repair Shop’s metalworker, Dominic Chinea, has become a fan favourite since the restoration show’s inception in 2017. The heart-warming programme sees hopeful visitors put their trust in Dominic and his co-stars to restore heirlooms to their former glory. In a new interview with Express.co.uk, Dominic admitted that he often feels “a huge amount of pressure” in the barn to do the items justice. He added that the atmosphere in the barn can be “challenging at times”, but luckily his fellow craftsmen are there to offer support. Dom explained: “It can be a challenging place at times, hearing the emotional stories behind the items is not always easy. “I feel a huge amount of pressure to do the right thing for the owners and for the objects themselves.” READ MORE:Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update Even though the pressure sometimes heats up, Dominic thanks his co-stars for being so “supportive”. He continued: “I spend four or five days a week, every week, at the barn. Spending every day working with such a talented group of people is an honour. “Every day is completely different to the last, with different experts popping in and out depending on what amazing items turn up, “We all genuinely get on as well as it appears on the telly. Everybody there loves what they do.” Despite five years on the show, Dom confessed that he still feels apprehensive before each scene. However, he says he is “slowly getting used to” the limelight and that “it helps to have such a great, supportive atmosphere on set”. Dominic will be appearing at this year’s Ideal Home Show in partnership with NatWest which kicks off on Friday. The master metalworker said he is “so excited” to be attending the event for the first time. DON'T MISS‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence[LATEST]Piers Morgan blasts Justin Trudeau after royal meeting with the Queen[INSIGHT]Strictly's Janette Manrara discusses 'pulling plug' on show with Aljaz[NEWS] On what guests can expect, Dom said: “I’ll be on stage talking about my love of salvage yards and upcycling, sharing my tips and tricks to make people feel more confident about giving things a go at home. “I always like to do what I can to promote heritage skills and encourage people to have a go at crafts and maybe learn a new skill or even career. "The opportunity to speak to so many people about the things I am involved in is very special.” The Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest, the world’s longest-running home and interiors exhibition, will return to Olympia London from Friday 11th to Sunday 27th March 2022. Dominic will be attending the show on Monday 21st March. A host of experts and celebrities will be hosting Q&As on stage throughout the 17 days at the show. For more information and tickets, please visit idealhomeshow.co.uk.