Gary Neville believes that Liverpool’s firepower in forward areas is a “luxury” which could prove decisive in the Premier League title race with Manchester City. The gap at the top of the table is now down to just four points after City were held to a 0-0 draw by Crystal Palace on Monday night.     Pep Guardiola’s side had numerous chances at Selhurst Park, but their inability to score has thrown the title race wide open, with Liverpool having the advantage of a game in hand. Joao Cancelo and Kevin De Bruyne hit the post, while Bernardo Silva, Riyad Mahrez and Aymeric Laporte all failed to find the back of the net with great opportunities. City once again played without an out-and-out striker, with Phil Foden, Jack Grealish and Mahrez leading Guardiola’s attack against Palace. Neville believes that City’s lack of a true goal scorer could prove costly in the run-in, with Liverpool, by contrast, having Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane, Roberto Firmino, Diogo Jota and Luis Diaz. "Liverpool are really dangerous. They look really dangerous,” he said on Sky Sports’ Monday Night Football.  JUST IN: Arsenal told the three signings they need to compete with Man City “I just look at those five strikers that they’ve got and going into the last part of the season knowing that you can win an awful lot of football matches with those five up front, whereas City don’t have that same luxury in attacking areas." Despite City’s inability to find a way past Palace goalkeeper Vicente Guaita, Neville was full of praise for the defending champions and rivals Liverpool. "Fifteen years ago I would be sat here now saying ‘there’s such a long way to go, both teams will drop points on the way in’ because that’s how it always was,” he added.  DON'T MISS Man Utd starlet goes viral after unusual penalty gesture against Spurs Chelsea options for striker if club follow through on Carragher claim Arteta can't repeat Vlahovic error in pursuit of Arsenal top target “But these two two teams have gone at it in the last few years and not dropped points, they just win every game. "Liverpool have won the last eight, City have won 16 out of 18 before tonight, it’s obscene. The records are incredible. “To be where they’re at, at that level and continually doing it, at this point in the season when they’re still in all the competitions is absolutely fantastic. “That game in a couple of weeks is huge. Bernardo Silva referred to it already, you always hear players saying ‘we’re concentrating on the next game’ but that game is in the players’ minds."  Liverpool face in-form Arsenal in their crucial game in hand at the Emirates Stadium on Wednesday evening, while a potential title showdown awaits against City on April 10. Jamie Carragher is in no doubt about the credentials of the current top two sides. "We are watching two of the greatest teams we’ve seen in the Premier League,” he said. “These are the two best teams in Europe. No doubt about that. These are two of the best teams we’ve ever seen in the Premier League." 