Manchester United may have the perfect replacement for Marcus Rashford readily available if the striker decides to leave the club on a free transfer next summer. Borussia Dortmund starlet Youssoufa Moukoko is considering leaving on a free transfer in 2023, with the club thought to be interested in snapping up the youngster. Rashford has 15 months left to run on his £200,000-a-week contract that he signed in 2019, a deal that affirmed his position as a key figure at Old Trafford. But the 24-year-old has grown concerned with his lack of playing time under Ralf Rangnick and is now seriously considering his future at Old Trafford. Rashford has scored only four goals in the Premier League this season in 18 appearances, although only nine of those have been starts in the team. The forward has been struggling for form and is experiencing his worst run of goalscoring form for the Red Devils, causing him to lose his place as a regular starter. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick appears to prefer teenage winger Anthony Elanga ahead of Rashford in the pecking order after selecting the Swedish starlet for Sunday’s 4-1 defeat to Manchester City. JUST IN: Man Utd star Rashford 'facing brutal England axe' by Southgate Even when Cristiano Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani were ruled out of the game, the German tactician chose to play without a striker instead of fielding Rashford. And if he continues to be left out of the starting XI, it may cause the England international to consider a summer exit, with United planning moves for a number of targets. According to Bild, the club could raid Dortmund for a second summer in a row if Rashford decides to leave for a new challenge elsewhere. The Red Devils signed Jadon Sancho for £73m from the Bundesliga giants last summer and Moukoko could be next on their list. MUST READRonaldo returns to Man Utd training as Rangnick gets double boostMan Utd 'should axe 10 stars' including Ronaldo claims SuttonGary Neville told he has wrong view over next Man Utd manager The 17-year-old sensation has reportedly decided to leave the German club over a lack of playing time, despite his tender age. According to Bild, a number of Premier League clubs have registered their interest in signing Moukoko on a permanent deal. A move out on loan is conceivable, with former club St Pauli a suitable destination. But for that to happen, Moukoko would have to sign a new deal first and he is thought to have reservations about extending. Moukoko is under contract until 2023 at Signal Iduna Park but his agent Patrick Williams told Bild in January that “it's not a foregone conclusion" the highly-rated youngster will extend his contract. Moukoko, who has appeared Germany at Under-21 level, has scored once and provided two assists in 11 Bundesliga appearances this season. He is currently sidelined with an injury but the young forward is making plans for his future after falling down the pecking order at Dortmund. In his youth football days, Moukoko gained attention from Europe’s top clubs for scoring 142 goals during his time playing for the Under-18 side. But his progression to the first-team hasn’t gone to plan, with Erling Haaland and Donyell Malen both ahead of him. And that could enable Man United to swoop in with a cut-price deal this summer to replace Rashford, or alternatively wait until he is available on a free transfer in 2023.