Emmerdale newlyweds Billy Fletcher (played by Jay Kontzle) and Dawn Taylor (Olivia Bromley) haven't had the best of starts to their relationship, and ever since they got married, things have gone from bad to worse for the couple. The ITV soap pair ended up reuniting following Billy's split from serial killer Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu). However, in a bid to get revenge, the evil nurse ended up kidnapping the pair and holding them at gunpoint. With Meena safely in police custody, Billy and Dawn have tried to get on with their lives. However, Dawn's ex Alex (Liam Boyle) also threw a spanner in the works after he threatened legal action over their son Lucas (Noah Ryan Aspinall). Earlier this week, Billy told Dawn he wanted to officially adopt Lucas so they could be a proper family. Although, the only person standing in their way is Alex. In recent scenes, Dawn and Billy went to see Alex, to seek his approval for the adoption. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one  The newcomer said no to the couple at first, but eventually, he came around and gave him their blessing. However, Dawn knew Alex wasn't going to give in that easily, and she was proved right when he approached her about a deal. He told his ex he was in serious debt with a drug dealer and he needed help getting rid of the drugs so he could settle what he owed. The vet receptionist shut Alex down at first, but when he told her it was the only way he would let Billy adopt Lucas, she quickly changed her mind. During Wednesday night's instalment, Dawn took drastic measures and tried to steal money from Kim Tate (Claire King), although she was caught red-handed by the businesswoman herself. Kim threatened to tell Dawn's dad about it unless she came clean about what she needed the money for. "It's Alex," Dawn confessed. "He wanted me to deliver drugs for him. "He owes his dealer money and his way of sorting it is using me and if I don't do it, he will stop Billy from adopting Lucas." She continued: "I just thought if I could get some money together then he could pay them off and I wouldn't need to be involved because I can't be involved. "I was just trying to look out for my son, you of all people should know what that is like." DON'T MISS...Holding viewers 'switch off' ITV drama after '10 minutes' [REACTION]Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns with Marlon Dingle's baby? [SPOILERS]Vera star opens up on rejection by TV bosses [INSIGHT] Kim decided to keep the money a secret and gave Dawn a wad of cash to give to Alex. However, when Dawn met with Alex to give him the money, he told her it wasn't enough and she'd need to go through with the drug deal. Meanwhile, Dawn's dad Will (Dean Andrews) confronted Kim about Dawn's whereabouts, which is when she was forced to confess what happened. While Dawn and Alex were speaking with the drug dealer about what they needed to do, the meeting was interrupted by a swarm of police officers. Dawn, Alex and the drug dealer were all arrested just as Billy and Will turned up. However, things took an unexpected turn when Dawn was released by the police, which is when she had to tell them she'd planned it all. "Have they released you? What is going on?" Will quizzed as Harriet (Katherine Dow Blyton) replied: "It's okay, Will, slow down."  "You alright, did they charge you with anything?" Billy asked. Confessing her plan, Dawn told them: "I just couldn't tell you at the time. That I recorded him, the whole thing. "It obviously wasn't a coincidence the police turned up and arrested him. Look, Alex gave me the chance to make a call and I made it." Harriet chipped in: "I am just glad I could help." As Will fumed at his daughter, Dawn hit back: "I had a decision to make. Either I did what Alex said and give you the chance for the adoption or I do the right thing and send him to prison. "As soon as I knew he was back in that world, I knew he couldn't be in ours. Billy, I am sorry, I know this messes up the adoption." "It's not about me though, is it? You had a choice to make," Billy told her. "You made it." Will Dawn's betrayal and going behind Billy's back be a step too far? Will the newlyweds be able to come back from this, or will a heartbroken Billy walk away for good? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.