These skeletons were found during a dig on land in Gloucestershire that was soon to be developed into an eco park and football field. Alongside the skeletons, there were a whole host of artefacts that included Roman coins, pottery and jewellery. Cotswold Archaeology's Sharon Clough described the location of Forest Green Rovers’ proposed facility as an "exciting site" for archaeological discoveries.  She said: "We've excavated 10 burials and we think these date to the Roman period or post-Roman period. "The coins, in particular, are very useful because they have different emperors on, which will give you quite a specific date.” Researchers from Cotswolds Archaeology, who have been excavating the site for nearly a month, noted that several skeletons were buried close together. This suggests that they may be a part of a family who lived nearby at a roman villa.  Ms Cough added: "We can look at what people are buried with to give an indication of their status, if they were wealthy and different burial practices. "By the time we finish, we hope we'll have a really great story about the people living and working in the area in Roman times.” After a thorough analysis of the artefacts, the items will head over to a local museum. Mark Bretty, a senior project officer at Cotswold Archaeology said that the team would continue working at the site for several more weeks. READ MORE: Ancient Egypt breakthrough as body could explain mummification origins He said: "We can learn a lot from a site like this. “How people were living and what activities took place. We still don't know the full extent of what is here.” Dale Vince, the chairman of the Forest Green Rovers, said that he was surprised at the extent of what had been found. "We knew there was a Roman villa there so I thought we'd find some coins but not much beyond that. "I find it really interesting and these finds seem to span a couple of centuries so there were people living there for a very long time." DON'T MISS: Saudi Arabia hands Putin oil lifeline after major blow [REVEAL] Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated [MAPPED] Poland 'under attack' – fears for Ukraine's neighbour over Ukraine war [SPOTLIGHT] The UK is home to a large cache of Roman artefacts, as most recently, archaeologists were stunned after discovering a "once in a lifetime" rare Roman mosaic in London. The researchers uncovered the largest Roman mosaic discovered in London in over 50 years, near the Shard building. Experts from the Museum of London Archaeology (MOLA) have unveiled two decorated panels set that date back to the late second or early third century AD. The panels are believed to have once been a part of a formal dining room - or triclinium, which was common for Roman buildings of the time. The larger section of the mosaic measures 5m x 3.5m and depicts large, colourful flowers surrounded by bands of intertwining strands. 