With a fifth season in the pipeline as well as a number of spin-offs dominating Paramount’s line-up, the world of Taylor Sheridan’s Yellowstone shows no signs of slowing down. In fact, the Kevin Costner-led drama’s popularity seems to have only just started to skyrocket with the season four finale raking in a series high of 9.3 million viewers as well as becoming the most-watched cable show since The Walking Dead’s season eight premiere on AMC in 2017. And the show’s plaudits have now started to reap its rewards on the awards circuit with season four landing Yellowstone its first nod at this year’s SAG Awards for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble. However, despite the Yellowstone universe continuing to change the landscape of modern-day Western dramas, Oscar-winner Costner has admitted he remains wary not to let the popularity get the best of himself and the rest of the cast and crew. “There’s one thing that we have to bear in mind as a cast, we’re living in a really interesting moment,” he said during a SAG-AFTRA Foundation Q&A. He continued: “This show has grown in popularity, it has. But there’s other examples in front of us.” READ MORE: Yellowstone’s Jamie star hints at tragic series ending Reeling off some instances, Costner cited other hugely popular series which didn’t exactly end in positive ways with their respective fanbases. Costner continued: “There’s Game of Thrones, Happy Days, there’s these shows that took on gigantic popularity in the country. “And so we understand that and that we’re riding some kind of wave,” he went on before warning his castmates they have to remain grounded. “I think that we probably all have in the back of our heads that we’ve got to keep our heads down and really go after our jobs and go after the scenes that Taylor creates for us and go at it with the same energy that we started this thing at. “And let that - whatever is popular in the world - take care of itself.” The John Dutton star added to his apprehensions: “To protect this series, we just need to keep pushing really hard as actors and Taylor I know pushes himself hard to continue to find the next window into this. “Because there’s a day when it goes away and I think that this cast is really mature enough to understand the good days that we’re living,” he added as he referred to the show’s inevitable conclusion. And while Costner and the likes of Jamie Dutton’s Wes Bentley, Monica Dutton’s Kelsey Asbille, Beth Dutton’s Kelly Reilly, Rip Wheeler’s Cole Hauser and Thomas Rainwater’s Gil Birmingham who joined him in the Q&A were all in agreement, he admitted it was no surprise to him the show garnered such wide acclaim. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone's Teeter star pays touching tribute to cast after awardsYellowstone season 5: Avery and Kayce romance 'sealed' after clue?Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set “We had a slow build (but) we always knew we had something good,” Costner said. “And people are sort of catching up to it now and we have to, in the world of being relevant, we have to be relevant to ourselves first and not the popularity.” With Costner’s words of warning ringing in their ears, the cast will undoubtedly do their best to make the upcoming fifth season the most gripping yet. And there are a number of open-ended storylines to address, none least the dynamic between John, Beth and Jamie given the fourth season’s harrowing scenes. Jamie killed his biological father Garrett Randall (Will Patton) after being blackmailed by Beth for his part in concealing his knowledge about the season three assassination attempts on the family. Beth not only convinced him to kill his dad but ended up photographing him in the act of dumping the body - giving her and John the perfect ammunition to keep Jamie in check. Elsewhere, it sounds like Jimmy Hurdstrom (Jefferson White) and new fiancée Emily (Kathryn Kelly) will still be around in season five despite driving off into the distance in the fourth run’s finale. Both actors along with the likes of Teeter’s Jen Landon have landed series regular roles for the fifth outing. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Peacock and Paramount in the USA. Seasons 1-2 are available to purchase on Amazon Prime Video now.