Before The Batman hit cinemas on March 4, speculation was running wild on social media regarding who could make an appearance, ranging from the Joker to Robin. The movie is already jam-packed with villains including The Riddler, the Penguin and the anti-hero Catwoman. However, a recent fan-favourite addition to the Bat-mythos has been named-dropped by Robert Pattinson in a new interview and fans are going wild with excitement. This new villain, or organisation, is the Court of Owls, an Illuminati-type group that has been pulling the strings of Gotham City for decades, long before the Dark Knight became its watchful protector. First introduced in DC Comics reboot, The New 52, in 2011, it is a very modern and immensely popular addition into the Caped Crusader’s typically unchanging rogues gallery. Throughout the DCEU (which the Batman isn’t a part of), speculation soared concerning their including in Ben Affleck’s rendition. Now that Robert Pattinson is in the role, fan hype regarding the groups has only increased and during a Vanity Fair cast interview, one tweet was shared that read: "I think Thomas and Martha [Wayne] were the leaders of the Court of Owls." READ MORE: Next James Bond: Tom Hardy stonewalled by Netflix actors for 007 role The Riddler, Catwoman and Lieutenant Gordon stars Paul Dano, Zoe Kravitz and Jeffrey Wright – alongside the Batman lead himself – all took part in the interview and when they heard the theory, it was something they all approved of. Pattinson said: "I like that one!" Dano replied: "Bro, you've gotta go read Court of Owls, it's good. It's the first in a new run of Batman, the first issue is insanely good and that would be messed up. I mean, that's a cool theory." Pattinson chips in: “Court of Owls is the best one!” Adding: “If they disappear and are kind of secretly running [the Court], that would be really, really difficult thing for Bruce to handle. It would be a nightmare, an absolute nightmare.” He then let’s slip a major hint regarding the sequel. The 35-year-old added: “I was definitely thinking Court of Owls is going to be in the sequel.” Dano hits back with: “Ohhh, don’t say it” Pattinson replied: “I’m just gonna say it.” Later in the same interview, another fan piles on the evidence that the Owls will be making an appearance from footage seen in the latest trailer. Another fan tweeted: “As for whether or not the Court of Owls will actually appear, I think I may have proof. The first shows the card The Riddler leaves the Batman has a design with an owl on it, with the second showing a person at the gala appears to be wearing a white mask covering all of their face except for their eyes. The Court’s trademark MO.” The cast handwaves the evidence away as nothing more than a joke, but it shows the fan desire to see the organisation, if not now in The Batman, then maybe its sequel as Pattinson also hopes. Thankfully, the sequel is all but confirmed, with director Matt Reeves recently addressing it. DON'T MISS...The Batman: Director Matt Reeves hits back at criticisms [INSIGHT]Zoe Kravitz stuns in Catwoman inspired number at Batman premiere [EXPLAINER]'No way, disaster!' Robert Pattinson left speechless after Batman news [INSIGHT] Speaking to the Independent, the filmmaker said: "You don’t make number one as if there’s going to be a number two. You have to make number one as if you’re swinging for the fences and it has to be a story that stands and lives on its own. But I really believe in what we’ve done and I’d be excited to tell more stories… We are already telling other stories in the streaming space, we’re doing stuff on HBO Max, we’re doing a Penguin show with Colin, which is gonna be super cool. And we’re working on some other stuff too but we have started talking about another movie." It seems as though the new Reeves-verse is just getting started and the Court of Owls could be a major part of it. The Batman is available to watch in cinemas now.