Charlie Patino may have only made his first-team debut this season, but his talent has been clear for all to see from a young age with Arsenal fending off a host of clubs for his signature. The England youth star had been knocking on the door of the first-team squad with impressive displays in the youth team before finally being given his chance by Mikel Arteta in the Carabao Cup win over Sunderland, where the midfielder marked his professional debut with a goal. Arsenal fans were singing Patino's name with Arteta pleased to hand the midfielder his debut. It was back in October 2020 when Patino signed his first professional contract with Arsenal just days after his 17th birthday. He's been on the books at Hale End academy since 2015 when Arsenal won the race for his signature from Luton. The Gunners weren't alone in trying to sign the young talent back then with a host of Premier League outfits making an approach. Chelsea and Tottenham were also in contention while reports at the time indicated that Manchester City made a late attempt to bring Patino to the north west. But Patino ultimately decided to go with Arsenal and the 18-year-old has now opened up on his decision all those years ago.  “It just felt right,” he told Goal. “I felt at home.” It's a decision that has paid off so far with fans excited about Patino's potential having already seen small glimpses of him this season. Patino's main highlight so far is the goal he scored against Sunderland, but the England Under-19 international is hoping for bigger and better things in the future. “I remember afterwards I was just hugging the staff and all the players were coming over to me and saying, 'congratulations, you deserve this, enjoy your night'," he added. “My family and my agent were watching in the Adidas box, and just walking in and seeing their faces afterwards was great because they’d all spent so much time travelling up and down the country watching me play over the years when I was at St Albans, Luton and Hale End.  “I said to my family that night, 'this is just the start, I want more'.” Patino is yet to make his Premier League debut for Arsenal, but he has been named on the bench for a handful of games this season. His first start for Arsenal came in a disappointing defeat to Nottingham Forest, but Mikel Arteta believes the experience will only be beneficial to Patino. “With Charlie it was the first real exposure that he had, starting the game,” said Arteta. “I think it was a magnificent experience for him, a tough one, but as well it is good to see what happens when you lose at a big club: the reaction, how the dressing room feels, how the manager feels, what the expectations are. “You can be there but then you have to sustain yourself there and that is a very different story.”