This leaves them wholly dependent on state support, giving them a fraction of the income they need to enjoy a comfortable retirement. One in 10 already cannot afford to pay household bills as Chancellor Rishi Sunak's decision to axe the triple lock for 2022/23 has slashed the State Pension's value in real terms. At age 65, the average woman has just one-fifth of the pension size of the typical man, and many have nothing at all. Women typically live longer, which means their smaller pension pots have to stretch further. Worryingly, one in four women over the age of 35 has not saved a penny towards retirement, while 56 per cent have saved £1,000 or less. Despite this, more than nine out of 10 retired women said they need £30,000 a year to fund their lifestyle, according to new research by HSBC UK. Yet the full basic new State Pension will pay just £9,627.80 from April 6, which is less than a third of the money they need to get by.  This leaves a generation of women on course for a retirement disaster, according to the research produced for International Women's Day. More than half of women now expect to struggle financially when they stop working. Already, three in 10 say they cannot afford to run a car, and the cost of living crisis is worsening their plight. HSBC UK’s head of wealth management strategy, Emma Chee said: “Women are living longer so we need to ensure our money lasts as long as we do.” She added: “The threat of rising inflation and the increased cost of living means we need to take control of our own financial destiny.” Younger women are relatively more optimistic but they need to start planning for their retirement as early as possible, Chee added. “It’s never too early to start saving for the future.” READ MORE: Woman shares 'best thing she did' as pension could fall £143,000 short Separate research from Barnett Waddingham shows that more than a quarter of women are relying solely on the State Pension to fund their retirement, twice the number of men. This rises to more than a third among women over 55, who now face a bleak future as the State Pension pays so little. Chancellor Rishi Sunak's decision to scrap the triple lock means that it will rise by just 3.1 percent this year, while inflation rockets past seven or eight percent. In real terms, the State Pension is already one of the worst in the developed world, and now it is worth even less in real terms. Barnett Waddingham’s policy and strategy lead Amanda Latham said the UK pensions system is designed for a society where men went out to work and women stayed at home. “This no longer exists and things have to change.” DON'T MISS:UK state pension declared 'worst in the developed world' [REVEAL]The staggering amount women need to save to match men's retirement [INSIGHT]DWP 'blunders' expose more underpaid state pensions [WARNING] HSBC lists the steps women should take to build their retirement savings. Maximise your pension contributions. Free up cash wherever you can and direct it into a pension. The longer your money is invested, the more time it has to grow. Start saving more. It’s simple - the more you save, the more you’ll have to retire on. See if you can generate any extra income for your retirement from a hobby or side hustle. Use your Isa. Consider investing in a tax-free Stocks and Shares Isa on top of your pension. This could give you more flexibility than investing in a pension. Adjust your retirement plans. If you are concerned that you won’t have enough money, consider working later or going part time to keep the money coming in.