Katherine Ryan took home the award for Best Female Entertainment Performance at the National Comedy Awards for Stand up to Cancer. When accepting her award and making a heartfelt speech, she stood up for Jimmy Carr who has hit the headlines recently over his Netflix special, His Dark Material. She thanked Jimmy for helping her career to take off on 8 Out of 10 Cats and urged people to support the genre of "roast comedy". The National Comedy Awards aired on Channel 4 on Saturday night and saw the comedy world join together in aid of Stand Up To Cancer. During her acceptance speech, Katherine paid homage to the late Sean Lock, who died last year of cancer at the age of 58. She also appeared to make a subtle dig at those who have branded Jimmy's comedy offensive. Katherine began: "I know that people only voted for my clip because Sean Lock was in it, and I have to say I feel very lucky to have ever spent a moment in his presence. READ MORE: Antiques Road Trip’s Catherine Southon's £30 earrings make huge profit "It's important to tell a lot of people in this room that I feel the same way about you, I do, it's not funny I feel that way. "It will be 10 years in May since I first appeared on 8 Out of 10 Cats, well most of me first appeared on 8 Out of 10 Cats. "And I loved when it evolved into 8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown, and I always looked forward to the bit where Jimmy Carr would give me the roast joke. "That is a genre of comedy that he happens to be the best at; I think it is really important that we all protect that genre even if people get offended by it. "So thank you to 8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown, Jimmy Carr and thank you to all the men that let me be on their Channel 4 shows," she concluded. The arena of her fellow colleagues erupted in applause as she made her way off the stage and back to her seat. Some viewers of the awards were shocked by Katherine's words and took to Twitter to express their thoughts. Benji Popkid said: "Has Katherine Ryan just tried to defend Jimmy Carr?" DON'T MISS...'Legacy will last a lifetime' Sean Lock tribute leaves fans 'sobbing' [INSIGHT]The Last Leg guest sparks fury as she compares Jimmy Carr to Putin  [LATEST]Jack Dee hits out at comedy cancel culture [WATCH]  @Winemonday commented: "Not sure @Kathbum saying @jimmycarr roasting people was not offensive …….. was offensive." Sarah Fledding added: "Katherine Ryan defending Jimmy Carr in a room full of people who slammed his jokes...BOLD!" However, most viewers applauded Katherine's support of her colleague, with Holly Hobson wrote: "Anyone else notice the constant Jimmy Carr jokes right up until @Kathbum spoke out to support him and then they suddenly stopped." Aaron Keller quipped: "The silence was LOUD after Ryan’s statement about Carr and roast comedy." Marion Whitsed applauded: "Good on Katherine for supporting her colleagues and making a point!" Sean was remembered in a heartbreaking tribute by his comedian friends during Saturday’s National Comedy Awards for Stand Up To Cancer. The comic's death came as a shock to many after his agent confirmed last year that he had died from cancer aged 58. A clip of numerous comedy stars including Harry Hill, Jason Mansford, Lee Mack, and Bill Bailey paid their respects for the comedian. The National Comedy Awards will be available to watch on All 4.