Tyler Roys, senior meteorologist at Accuweather, has said that the weather will undergo a shift at the start of April, increasing the likelihood for storms to move in. The storms, which will "move into northern Europe" at the start of April, will bring increased rainfall to the UK. Mr Roys predicted that Scotland and northern England are most likely to be affected by the changing weather. Weather forecaster WXCharts has also predicted that the weather will turn harsher by the end of March, forecasting snow and winds as cold as -8C in Scotland on the final day of the month. The UK, north of Birmingham, will see sub zero wind chill temperatures, with the area between Manchester and Newcastle feeling as cold as -4C on March 31. Actual minimum temperatures will be as cold as -2C around this period, with most of the UK being 0C or below from March 29. Peak wind gust is set to reach 62 km/h on March 31, primarily in Scotland and some Northern regions of the UK. Scotland is also likely to see snowfall around this time, with Inverness seeing up to two inches (5cm) of snow on March 31. Edinburgh is expected to see between one inch (3cm) and four inches (10cm) of snow, according to WXCharts. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Roys said: "The weather pattern is likely to change in the first week of April, allowing for storms to move into northern Europe, which will bring normal rainfall expected for the time of the year across the United Kingdom, especially to Scotland and northern England." According to the forecaster, this change in the weather will come after a calmer March. READ MORE: UK storm forecast: 'Unstable' thunderstorm rampages to Britain He said: "Wind speeds over the next two weeks look to be on the light side as the weather will be controlled by the area of high pressure. "As we move into the first half of April wind speeds are likely to become a bit more typical for this time of the year." Mr Roys also said that the upcoming storms are unlikely to be as severe as the named storms which hit the UK in February. He said: "There is a low potential for storms to bring gusty winds to parts of the United Kingdom over the next month. DON'T MISS: UK weather forecast: Nation to be lashed by Atlantic front - 12mm rain [REPORT] British expats: Cheapest city in France with 'great' weather named [REVEAL] Hot weather: How hot will it get across Britain this week? [ANALYSIS] "The likelihood for these storms to be like the named storms back in February is low. "The reasons for the low probability is two-fold. "First, the season for storms to produce damaging winds is coming to a close next month, so the odds of the storms decreases as we get close to the end of April. "Second, at least over the next two weeks, high pressure centered in northeast Europe or northwest Russia will keep the storm track generally away from the United Kingdom. "While there could be a couple days in which there is some rain, the tracks of the storms will remain away from the United Kingdom and more in the Atlantic Ocean. "Typical storm tracks is either towards Iceland or across the Mediterranean."