Arsenal can compete with the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool with just three "proper" additions this summer, according to Reds legend Steve Nicol. Arsenal are currently fourth in the Premier League table after five successive wins. They look well set to qualify for the Champions League for the first time since 2016. Arsenal haven't won the Premier League since their Invincibles campaign in 2003/04. But Nicol has seen plenty of positives to suggest the glory days could be on their way back. A striker is likely to be on Mikel Arteta's wishlist this summer, with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah out of contract at the end of the season. Nicol thinks Arteta must also bring in a midfielder to replace Granit Xhaka and a right-back. JUST IN: Ralf Rangnick urged to drop three 'broken' Man Utd stars for Atletico clash  He told ESPN FC: "I think Arsenal are maybe three to four signings away from maybe competing with the teams above them. I think so. "For so long we've absolutely hammered them for how bad the signings they've made. "Well, they've made two fantastic signings in my opinion. That's [Aaron] Ramsdale, who nobody saw this, it must be the best £30m they've ever spent. "And Ben White, after a sticky start, is absolutely holding things together. DON'T MISSLiverpool delay transfer decision until 2023 with double exit expected [REPORT]Man City ace Bernardo Silva reignites Liverpool feud with title message after Palace draw [INTERVIEW]Four managers Chelsea could turn to if Tuchel leaves after Abramovich crisis [OPINION]  "So if they can get a goalscoring centre-forward, someone else in the middle of the park for Xhaka, and a right-back, proper players, they can compete with certainly Chelsea and maybe give City and Liverpool a scare." Arsenal beat Leicester 2-0 at the Emirates on Sunday thanks to goals from Thomas Partey and Lacazette. Nicol says the performance was worthy of a side who are aiming to finish fourth. He continued: "I'm sitting thinking after the game and I'm going 'if we're to talk about how should a top-four side play against a mid-table Premier League side at home?' you'd say 'well they should be dominating the game, they should be dominating possession, they should be creating chances and they should be scoring goals'.  "That's exactly what Arsenal did [against Leicester]. "We've been crying for long enough that nobody wants a top-four spot because they're inconsistent, are they any better than anybody else? "Well Arsenal showed in this game that they deserve to be in the fourth spot. "They've been consistent."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here