Michael Mosley claimed having eggs for breakfast helps to lose weight. “Boiled, poached, scrambled or as an omelette. They’ll keep you feeling fuller for longer compared with cereal or toast. Delicious with greens and parmesan or smoked salmon and a sprinkle of chilli," he said. Consuming food containing protein is the base of the most effective meal plans, such as the Mediterranean diet. Eggs are known to be a great source of protein which helps slimmers stay full for longer. Other foods with protein include vegetables, fruits, legumes, nuts, beans, cereals and fish. Michael Mosley explained: “A low carb Mediterranean diet has unique power not just to restore your body’s ability to reach its ideal weight and stay there, but also to cut your risk of serious disease. It doesn’t come from a place of restriction but rather it’s about eating more of the right foods. READ MORE: Michael Mosley: Best diet for menopausal women to lose weight  “Not only will these foods keep you feeling full, but they also offer important nutrients and health benefits, and taste delicious.” He continued: “One of the main reasons for opting for a low carb, high protein breakfast is that you won’t then get famished in the middle of the morning and feel tempted to tuck into a pastry. "Lots of studies have shown that if you eat a protein-rich breakfast, perhaps something with egg or fish, then this will keep you fuller for longer,” he said. Dr Mosley shared his favourite breakfast recipe: the Green Brekkie Bowl. "A vegetable-packed breakfast bowl that’s full of flavour and nutrition” and only contains 343 calories.  Ingredients Half a tablespoon of olive oil Half a tablespoon of ground paprika Half a tablespoon of ground cumin Half a tablespoon of ground turmeric A quarter tablespoon of chilli flakes 70g kale, hardy stems removed and leaves shredded Half courgette (approx. 75g or 2 2/3 oz), chopped Five mushrooms, sliced 50g spinach leaves Two large free-range eggs Vinegar Half avocado, mashed Sea salt Black pepper Method Place a large frypan over medium heat and add the olive oil, spices, kale and courgette. Cook it for approximately seven minutes, or until the kale turns soft. Add the mushrooms and cooks for another five minutes. Finally, add the spinach, turn off the heat and stir through. Then poach the eggs and to do so, pour cold water into a large saucepan until approximately eight centimetres deep and add some vinegar to the water. "Bring the water to a boil, then reduce the heat to low (water should still be simmering around the edge)," Michael Mosley explained. Crack an egg into a shallow bowl and using a wooden spoon, stir the water to create a whirlpool. "Tip the egg into the water. Cook for two to three minutes for a soft yolk, or three to four minutes for a firm yolk," he recommends. Using a slotted spoon, remove the egg from the water and then repeat the same process with the other egg. "Place the greens into a large bowl, add the mashed avocado and top with the poached eggs. Season with salt and pepper and enjoy!"