Camilla was spotted laughing as Prince Charles went behind the bar at the Irish Cultural Centre in Hammersmith, west London. The Duchess looked on as the Prince of Wales was taught how to properly pull two pints of Guinness - a process which can take up to two minutes. While the future King tried to pour the Irish stout, Camilla also appeared to comment on the work he was doing. And as he finished filling one glass, the Duchess smiled approvingly and smiled as Charles tasted the stout. In a heartwarming moment caught on camera, Camilla also quietly told her husband he had been left with a spot of Guinness froth on his nose after sipping the stout. After quickly cleaning his face, the Prince of Wales burst out in laughter. Follow live updates on the Royal Family here Commenting on the scenes, Twitter user Lucy Piper wrote: "They are so lovely together". Camilla and Prince Charles were welcomed with a colourful reception upon their arrival at the centre with a band performing traditional Irish music. The royals first sat among the musicians and, clearly enjoying the music, were spotted tapping their feet on the floor. They were later given a quick lesson on how to play the bodhrán, a traditional Irish drum. READ MORE: Prince Charles tipped to visit Cambridges in exciting family visit,  During their visit to the centre, Charles and Camilla were also treated to a show including traditional dances. The Prince of Wales and the Duchess visited the centre to mark its 25th year. The Duchess paid tribute to Ireland by wearing a green silk print dress by Samantha Cameron's label Ceffin Studio. This engagement comes just days before the future King and his wife are set to depart for the Republic of Ireland.   The pair will visit the country between March 23 and 25, as announced last month. Charles and Camilla last visited Ireland in 2019, when they met Irish President Michael D Higgins in County Wicklow. That visit marked the Prince of Wales's fifth visit to the Republic of Ireland in five years. The last members of the Royal Family to carry out engagements in the country have been Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William in March 2020 - shortly before both Ireland and the UK entered their first national lockdown.  This tour represents one of the four being undertaken by senior royals as part of celebrations to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Kate and Prince William are to embark on a whirlwind trip to Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas on Saturday. Next month, Princess Anne will head to Papua New Guinea. And Sophie, Countess of Wessex, and Prince Edward will visit Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia, and St Vincent and the Grenadines.  Prince Charles and Camilla's visit to the Irish centre comes just two days before Kate and William are to attend the St Patrick's Day Parade at Mons Barracks in Aldershot. The Duke will be in attendance as Colonel of the Irish Guards. This will be the first time the Duke and Duchess attend the parade since the beginning of the Covid crisis.  