Manchester United will meet Luis Enrique this week as they continue the interview process in search of their next permanent manager. The Red Devils have already spoken to at least two candidates ahead of deciding who will permanently succeed Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at Old Trafford. Last Monday, United interviewed Ajax boss Erik ten Hag, who reports claim is the club's current preferred option ahead of a summer appointment. The Dutchman impressed football director John Murtough with his vision for the future and ability to speak English. Today, the news coming out of France has been that United have also met with Paris Saint-Germain's Mauricio Pochettino, a leading contender alongside Ten Hag. But it's not a two-horse race, with Sevilla manager Julen Lopetegui and Enrique also in the frame. And the Spaniard looks set to be the next and final candidate United interview before the decision-making process enters a crunch stage. According to the Mirror, the Premier League giants will make initial contact with his representatives this week. JUST IN: Man Utd appointing Pochettino 'more real than ever' after interview However, Enrique's commitment to guiding Spain into the 2022 Qatar World Cup this winter 'effectively rules him out of the running'. United will honour the process of interviewing all options, but even if the former Barcelona boss makes a good impression, his national team role should prove too big a hurdle to jump. The prospect of Enrique balancing both the United and Spain jobs in the first half of next season has been a significant turn-off for chief executive Richard Arnold, football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher. READ MORE: Tottenham 'keen on £17m teenager' Newcastle failed to sign in January  After a fifth successive season without silverware, United want their new manager in place on July 1 and can ill afford to risk a poor start in the opening months of the 2022/23 campaign. United do not want to rush the decision and are will continue their thorough process before committing to a decision. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.