 Sam Heughan is Outlander’s leading star, playing Jamie Fraser in the hit series. With the gripping historical drama soon set to return to screens with a sixth season, Sam is catching lots of attention in the entertainment industry. As Sam’s popularity increases, rumours have been circulating that he could be cast as the next James Bond.   Sam addressed the Bond speculation in a recent interview, insisting there’s no truth to the rumours. The Scottish actor remarked: “I’m not sure who started that rumour, but I mean, it is a nice one. “I think any British actor, or any actor really, would love to play that part,” he added. Sam confessed he had previously auditioned for the iconic spy role but insisted it was several years ago. READ MORE: Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv?  He explained: “It’s no secret that I’ve talked about it, or at least that I auditioned for it years ago. “But who knows? There’s no truth to it at the moment,” the actor confirmed. However, Sam did note that he feels “ready” to join a franchise if an offer arises. The actor told The Digital Fix he would “love to be involved in something big".    Speaking about when he previously auditioned for the role, Sam suggested he was too young at the time. He explained: “It was an amazing experience and I was completely out of my depth. “But, I think now I feel the right age for it, I feel capable enough to do it. “I'd love the opportunity to throw my hat in the ring. Definitely,” he said on Alex Zane's podcast Just The Facts. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale twist as Manpreet Sharma’s jailed for murder? [SPOILERS]Susanna Reid fumes over UK response to Ukrainian refugees [MUST SEE]‘Give us a chance!’ Ukrainian tennis star pleads with the west for hel [WATCH]  Daniel Craig bid farewell to the role last year when his final Bond movie No Time To Die was released in cinemas. The star famously played Ian Fleming’s fictional spy in five films between 2006 and 2021. Ever since Daniel left the role, fans have been speculating about which star will pick up the mantle next. Outlander fans seem keen to see Sam take over the role and have flooded Twitter with their thoughts.   “Ooh God yes!!!! Sam is the perfect James Bond, that role is made for him,” @outlander_sc wrote. “If they would cast Sam as the new James Bond I’d start going to the movies again,” @mffwilson remarked. @SusieD57 said: “In Ian Fleming's novels, #JamesBond is described as having a thin vertical scar on his right cheek. @SamHeughan has a scar on his right cheek. Coincidence? I think not.” “I’ve been saying all along that Sam Heughan would be a great James Bond,”@SandraBelcastr4 added. Outlander season 6 premieres on Starz and Starzplay on March 6. 