Like any major blockbuster film set, there are always going to be some difficult times when working. Frustrations are no different for the James Bond franchise and their 007 stars. In fact, former directors of the franchise have shared how they have had to deal with the likes of Daniel Craig, Pierce Brosnan and Timothy Dalton in a bad mood. Speaking with Empire in Bond: The Ultimate Celebration, Cason Royale director Martin Campbell remembered Craig being meticulous in getting his debut as 007 just right. The filmmaker who had previously helmed Brosnan’s first 007 movie GoldenEye, said: “[I have to maintain] patience. When Daniel started, he hadn’t done a lot of action. He got frustrated with himself because he wanted it to be perfect and insisted on continuing until he got it right.” As for the hairiest day on set, he said: “The most difficult on Cason Royale was the card game. They’re all bloody hairy, actually.” Michael Apted directed Brosnan’s third Bond movie, 1999’s The World Is Not Enough and found a similar pursuit for perfection with his 007. He shared: “Pierce was a real professional, he’s a very committed guy and he wants it all to be perfect. So you had to politely remind him of that. If he thought something was taking too long or was asking how many set-ups there were, you’d say, ‘It all comes down to making it more different, and authentic.’ I think he liked it because he had to push it to another level. It was a challenge, and he took it.” On the most difficult time on set, he shared: “Every day in Switzerland was a nightmare day for me because I was about the only person that couldn’t ski. I was out of my depth, so that made it pretty difficult. I had to run along behind them, trying to keep up with it all. They were all pretty good skiers, and they were going at a hell of a speed.” DON'T MISSJames Bond: Shirley Bassey's favourite Sean Connery Goldfinger scene [GOLDFINGER]Michael Jackson movie announced from Freddie Mercury biopic producer [MICHAEL JACKSON]James Bond star Daniel Craig returns in Knives Out 2 first look WATCH [DANIEL CRAIG] Then there was John Glen, who directed every Bond movie of the 1980s; Roger Moore’s last three and both of Dalton’s which followed. He admitted that on his last 007 film, 1989’s Licence To Kill, he did have a spat with his star. The filmmaker said: “On one occasion…towards the end of Licence To Kill, which was a very tough shoot, I had a broken toe, and I was in quite a bit of pain. Tim and I had a bit of a slanging match, but he was very professional, he got over it.” As for Glen’s hairiest day on set, he remembered: “On Licence To Kill, some of that truck stuff was a bit hairy. You remember the big truck goes up on all ten wheels? [Stunt coordinator] Remy Julienne said: ‘I’ve got a fantastic driver.’ But the driver met a girl on the plane and didn’t turn up. He turned up the next day and did it in one take.”