Fighting in Ukraine has reached its seventh day as images of a snaking Russian convoy lumbering towards Kyiv, Ukraine's capital, emerged. While delegates from both Russia and Ukraine met in Belarus on Monday to reach an agreement on an end to the conflict, Moscow continued to launch deadly missile strikes on the country and its citizens. In Kharkiv, Ukraine's second city, a missile hit the regional government's headquarters in the city centre, where many are still located. There were emotional scenes at the European Parliament as the outfit called a special session to debate the conflict, with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky sitting in via a video link with the message: "Nobody will break us, because we are Ukrainians." Powers around the world have imposed suffocating sanctions on Russia for its actions, including on finance and the economy, individuals with ties to the Kremlin, industry and transport, as well as sporting events. The EU, US, UK and Canada have agreed to prevent the Russian central bank from deploying its €640billion (£540billion) of international reserves “in ways that undermine the impact of our sanctions”. Prime Minister Boris Johnson is expected to take further action against Russia this week in order to, as Chancellor Rishi Sunak described: "Apply severe economic sanctions in response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine." He will face Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer and MPs at Prime Minister's Questions (PMQs) today, where he will likely be quizzed on why he has not yet further targeted those close to the Kremlin. In a bizarre turn of events, Chechnya, a republic within Russia that has provided Moscow with troops in recent days, announced it would be issuing sanctions of its own on Mr Johnson. According to Ragip Sylu, the Turkey Bureau Chief for Middle East Eye, the Head of the Chechen Republic, Ramzan Kadyrov, has announced a string of personal sanctions against the Prime Minister. They are as follows: "Will close the Chechen sky for planes of Western politicians. "Will freeze all Johnson's assets in Chechen banks. JUST IN: Putin crumbling as troops reject war and oligarchs seek 'revenge' "Recognises the left-hand drive as a vile relic of the Middle Ages. “And admits there is no English tea." It is unclear whether Kadyrov was employing satire or being serious in his warnings. On Monday, the Russian loyalist said Putin's attack on Ukraine had so far failed and called for a much fiercer onslaught, according to Business Insider. In a lengthy Telegram post — for which Kadyrov is known for regularly using alongside Instagram — he argued that the approach in the first days of war had not worked. DON'T MISS Putin mobilises fearsome Chechen brigades as war fears escalate [REPORT] Russian soldier sobs humiliated by Ukrainians in video [INSIGHT] 'Go f*** yourself!' Captain refuses to fuel Russian ship  [ANALYSIS] The post read: "In my understanding, the chosen tactics in Ukraine are too slow. "They take a long time and, in my opinion, are not effective." He complained that Russian forces had been only "fiddling" with the Ukrainian army, which he said was "armed to the teeth with new weapons, ammunition, heavy equipment of the latest generation" — a reference to Western military aid. Later, he addressed Putin directly and called for him to give harsher orders, urging "full coordination of the actions of the military, competent alignment of forces and a decisive assault," adding: "Everything!" Kadyrov is a long-time ally of Putin despite Chechnya and Russia's long history of bad blood. A centuries-long conflict played out between the two with formal hostilities dating back to 1785. Human rights organisations have accused Kadyrov of widespread abuses against his people, including the use of torture, forced disappearances, and extrajudicial killings. The Kremlin in turn has been accused of tolerating these practices. Meanwhile, Mr Johnson on Tuesday said the UK was ready to "intensify" sanctions against Russia. He added that he would go on supporting Ukraine "for as long as it takes". Describing the situation as an “unfolding disaster” in Europe, he applauded the resolve of Ukrainians and the "unity" of the West to act in retaliation to the military offensive. Speaking about Putin in Warsaw, Mr Johnson said: "I think he has inspired and mobilised not only his own people, he is inspiring and mobilising the world in outrage at what is happening in Ukraine."