Oksana Platero, 33, has broken her silence after her Strictly Come Dancing partner, Robert Rinder, found her family after they fled Ukraine. The judge, who had been on a week-long search for Oksana’s grandmother and aunt, finally located them. Oksana took to her Instagram following the good news to thank the criminal barrister as she declared her “limitless” love for him. In view of her 25,000 followers, she shared a series of emotional pictures of Robert embracing her family members. Oksana captioned the carousel: “I can’t say thank you enough to my wonderful SCD partner @robrinder and his team for being there for my family and so many others. “You are a truly remarkable man and my love for you is limitless. “The world needs more people like you.” The dancer signed off the message with the hashtags “Ukraine”, “family” and “Ukrainewar”. Fans of the Strictly pair shared their joy that Oksana’s family members were safe as they took to the post’s comments section. Suzanne_baum said: “Just simply wonderful. “Looking forward to interviewing the fab @robrinder tomorrow.” _rebecca_lou added: “This is everything! @robrinder you truly are one of a kind.” Rosaplatero_ penned: “The world need, more people like you, God bless you.” Robert also shared an update earlier today on his Twitter account, where he boasts 194,000 followers. DON'T MISS...Loose Women's Charlene White bids farewell after final episode news [LATEST]'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [UPDATE]Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [INSIGHT] He tweeted: “Oksana’s family: Auntie Lidya and Grandma Zoya. “We managed to reach them this morning with a wheelchair & some medical supplies.. “Despite having nearly nothing.. they are ‘grateful for everything’” He had met Oksana’s grandparents on Monday when they finally reached the border after a gruelling journey. Robert explained that they had not been able to bring with them any medical products or their wheelchair. He shared a photograph of Oksana's grandparents and told his followers: “Oksana’s grandma is 95. “She spent a week fleeing Russian shelling and FINALLY crossed the Polish border with no wheelchair, food or medical supplies but she is resolute and strong. “She remembers the last war and knows that ‘ultimately, they will return home and tyranny will fail’.”