The head of the PGA Tour has admitted that he hasn't spoken to Phil Mickelson since the golf star stepped away from action over the controversy surrounding his comments over the Saudi Golf League. Commissioner Jay Monahan spoke about the issue ahead of this week's The Players Championship, which gets under way on Thursday. Mickelson released a lengthy apology last month over comments he made about the proposed Super Golf League and the current elite golf system. While some professionals were quick to distance themselves from the proposed breakaway competition, the six-time major champion appeared more receptive to the idea. But it soon emerged he had an ulterior motive, as quotes emerged which showed that he was looking to use the Super League proposal to gain leverage over the PGA Tour. Mickelson wanted to "reshape" the way it operates, and accused PGA bosses of acting like "dictators" and displaying "obnoxious greed". He rounded off his long statement by announcing a break from professional golf. "I have experienced many successful and rewarding moments that I will always cherish, but I have often failed myself and others too," the American wrote. "The past 10 years I have felt the pressure and stress slowly affecting me at a deeper level. JUST IN: Rory McIlroy felt 'punch drunk' after snapping golf club "I know I have not been my best and desperately need some time away to prioritise the ones I love most and work on being the man I want to be." Mickelson has been absent from events ever since, including at this week's The Players Championship – the PGA Tour's flagship event. PGA chief Monahan is at TPC Sawgrass, and addressed the Mickelson situation in his pre-tournament press conference. "[Mickelson] has said that he's stepping away and he wants time for reflection – that's something that I and we are going to respect and honour," he said. "When he's ready to come back to the PGA Tour, we're going to have that conversation. That's a conversation I look forward to. "I have not talked to Phil since he made his comments and since he said that he was stepping away. Like I said, I think the ball is in his court. "I would welcome a phone call from him. But it's hard for me to talk about the different scenarios that could play out. DON'T MISS:Woods' ex-caddie makes surprise revelation about 15-time major champMickelson sponsor Callaway 'pause' partnership amid Saudi falloutJohnson named USA Ryder Cup captain to take on Europe in Italy in 2023 "Listen, he's a player that's won 45 times on the PGA Tour. He's had a Hall of Fame career. He's won here at The Players Championship. He's inspired a lot of people and helped grow this Tour, his Tour. "So as difficult as it is to read some of the things that were said, ultimately a conversation will be had when he's ready to have it, and I will be ready to have it, as well." While Monahan was keen to stress that the player had made the decision to take time away, he did not rule out the possibility of disciplinary action from the Tour. Asked that question, he responded: "[Mickelson] stepped away on his own accord, and he's asked for time. He's been given that time. "We don't comment on disciplinary matters, potential matters or actual matters. But every player is accountable for their actions out here." Meanwhile, on the larger topic of the Super Golf League and the looming threat it poses to the sport as we know it, Monahan's message was that golf bosses are looking ahead rather than dwelling on speculation. "The PGA Tour is moving on," he declared. "We have too much momentum and too much to accomplish to be consistently distracted by rumours of other golf leagues and their attempts to disrupt our players, our partners, and most importantly our fans from enjoying the Tour and the game we all love so much. "History shows that the PGA Tour is bigger than any one player. Arnold [Palmer] and Jack [Nicklaus] both expressed that thought throughout their careers. "Tiger [Woods] echoed that very sentiment in December and at the Genesis Invitational when he said, the PGA Tour will always be his home. "So there is no better place than at the home of the PGA Tour to reiterate our focus and promise to our fans and our players. Let's move on."