Biosecurity experts have already raised the alarm over the risk of a deadly virus escaping from a Ukrainian lab as Russia bombards the country with missiles. Now, the WHO has advised the country to destroy "high-threat" pathogens housed in the country's public health labs. Like many countries across the world, Ukraine scientists research how to mitigate the threats of dangerous diseases affecting both animals and humans including, most recently, COVID-19. Its labs have received support from the US, EU and the WHO, according to Reuters. The WHO told the agency: "As part of this work, WHO has strongly recommended to the Ministry of Health in Ukraine and other responsible bodies to destroy high-threat pathogens to prevent any potential spills." The WHO would not say when it had made the recommendation nor did it provide specifics about the kinds of pathogens or toxins that were at risk. Ukrainian officials in Kyiv and at their embassy in Washington did not respond to requests for comment from Reuters. The labs are currently at the centre of Russian propaganda after the Kremlin's foreign ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova put forward a conspiracy theory that the US operates a biowarfare lab in Ukraine. Washington and Kyiv have repeatedly denied this accusation. Zakharova claimed that documents unearthed by Russian forces in Ukraine showed "an emergency attempt to erase evidence of military biological programmes" by destroying lab samples. In response, a Ukrainian presidential spokesperson said: "Ukraine strictly denies any such allegation." Prime Minister Boris Johnson also denied Zakharova's accusations, saying that Russia may use its claims as a pretext to deploy its own chemical or biological weapon. It comes as satellite images showed the massive convoy of Russian armoured vehicles that had been at a standstill north of Kiev has dispersed into towns and countryside close to the capital. US defence officials reported that Russian forces had moved three miles closer to Kyiv compared to hours before, raising fears that the capital could soon be encircled. The Mayor of Kiev, Vitali Klitschko, said that the city “has been transformed into a fortress". He added: "Every street, every building, every checkpoint has been fortified.”