Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova has admitted she is “in fear” after she spoke out against Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The top-ranked female player from Russia has been vocal in her condemnation of her country’s actions in recent days. Multiple athletes and sports leagues have slammed Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. In tennis, the major governing bodies of the ATP, WTA, ITF and four Grand Slams have made the decision to have all Russian and Belarusian players become neutral with no mentions of their country or flag. The likes of Ukrainian stars Elina Svitolina and Sergiy Stakhovsky have been outspoken in their pleas for their country, with the latter joining the reserves as he said he was ready to fight Russia. Russian player have also shared their disappointment in their country’s actions, and the top-ranked Russian woman Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova has remained one of the most vocal. JUST IN: Djokovic and Nadal shouldn't worry as Medvedev confused comment made  Last year’s French Open runner-up shared a plea on her social media accounts on Monday, calling for an end to violence and war. “I've been playing tennis since I was a kid. I have represented Russia all my life. This is my home and my country. But now I am in complete fear, as are my friends and family. But I am not afraid to clearly state my position. I am against war and violence,” she wrote. The world No 14 then went onto CNN to elaborate on her views, sharing her distress as she said: “It's causing me fear, I'm confused (...) I can only speak out. “I can only hope for more athletes to speak out on this matter." DON’T MISSNovak Djokovic sends touching message to Marian Vajda after duo splitRaducanu faces race against time to prove fitness before Indian WellsDjokovic and Vajda release statements after pair split after 15 years  Echoing her sentiment from her statement earlier in the week, the 30-year-old said she was using her platform as a tennis player to voice her views despite no involvement in politics. She added: "I'm not a politician, just a woman who plays tennis professionally. I just try to speak out, try to make my point. I don't want violence (...) We just want peace and love and stop the war." Pavlyuchenkova also shared her worries for the younger generation in the midst of the conflict, saying she wanted the attention to be on helping Ukraine rather than on her courage for speaking out. "I have a fear for the future,” she admitted. “We need to think about our children as well. I want a future for the children. (...) I don't want to be selfish and talk about my career, it's not about sport and tennis right now. (...) It's about our future and our lives." Pavlyuchenkova was part of the Russian Tennis Federation’s winning Billie Jean King Cup squad at the end of 2021, with their male counterparts also winning the Davis Cup for their country. But both Russia and Belarus have now been suspended from both competitions, leaving their title defences in doubt. The 12-time tour title winner already has experience playing as a neutral athlete, winning Olympic gold for the Russian Olympic Committee in the mixed doubles last summer. She partnered Andrey Rublev in what was an all-Russian final against Elina Vesnina and Aslan Karatsev. Rublev himself has already gone viral for writing his own plea of “no war please” on the camera at the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships last week, where he was the eventual champion.