Prince William and Kate have faced hostility prior to the beginning of their Caribbean tour, but pro-Monarchy activists turned out in Belize during the weekend to back the couple. A group of protesters gathered in Indian Creek to make their voice heard after the Cambridges had to cancel an engagement in the village due to "sensitive issues involving the community". This time, however, residents united to support Kate and William on Sunday, March 20. Local news outlet News 5 Live filmed the villagers expressing their discontent in the wake of the cancellation of the visit that was due to take place at a local farm. Some of those gathered held signs in favour of the royals, with one reading: "I want you back, Prince and Princess." A second read: "Welcome Duke & Duchess of Cambridge". Prince William and Kate arrived in Belize on Saturday at 3pm local time. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here The couple is undertaking a whirlwind eight-day-tour of Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas to mark the Queen's historic Platinum Jubilee. But, hours before it was due to begin, the tour was rocked by a protest staged in Indian Creek where the Royals were due to visit a cocoa farm. The row centred on a "contested property" between residents of Indian Creek village and Flora and Fauna International (FFI), a conservation charity of which the Duke is a patron. Belize outlet Channel 7 also reported further discontent may have been caused by the landing site decided for the helicopter taking Kate and William to the destination of their engagement, amid claims residents had not been consulted. READ MORE: Queen fights ‘haunting image’ to attend Phillip’s memorial Sebastian Shol, chairman of Indian Creek village, told the Daily Mail: "We don't want them to land on our land, that's the message that we want to send. They could land anywhere but not on our land." The Duke and Duchess' office acknowledged the row and announced the royals would visit another cocoa farm as a result. A Kensington Palace spokeswoman said: "We can confirm that due to sensitive issues involving the community in Indian Creek, the visit has been moved to a different location - further details will be provided in due course." The Belize Government said in a statement: "Indian Creek was one of several sites being considered. "Due to issues in the village, the Government of Belize activated its contingency planning and another venue has been selected to showcase Maya family entrepreneurship in the cacao industry." On Sunday, Kate and William instead visited the Che'il cocoa farm in Hopkins, where they heard more about the industry and the people running it. The pair also tried grinding broken-up cocoa beans called nibs to learn one of the steps needed to make chocolate. As he was being taught how to properly grind the cocoa, William joked: "Do you take apprentices? Can I come and work for you? It's my kind of thing." Finally, Kate and William also tried the chocolate made at the farm, presented to them in enticing fountains. Kate dipped a tortilla chip in the chocolate before saying: "I think our children will be very jealous." The Duke and Duchess' visit to Hopkins also featured a meeting with members of the Garifuna community. During the gathering, they were treated to a traditional Garifuna festival featuring music and dancing. Both Kate and William joined in the celebrations moving to the beat and, according to local organiser Laura Cacho, they "were shaking their waists like nobody’s business." She added: "He shook his waist to the music. He had beautiful rhythm. It was a pleasure for me. "Kate was excellent as well and definitely has Garifuna culture in her."