Why on earth are we continuing to “negotiate” ad nauseam with those who lack any shred of sincerity? The EU agenda is clear and solely politically motivated. Was and always has been! God forbid that the European Experiment should fail and see the departure of other disgruntled member states, especially when the European Commission reaches for the panic button! That would never do, would it? Well, we left, albeit not without considerable difficulty imposed by legions of Brussels bureaucrats, along with many of our own. What really made it so distasteful though was that it was largely enabled by a feeble PM along with a Brexit hostile British parliament. Let’s also be mindful that this appalling situation was further exacerbated by a rabid pro-European weasel who for ten long years occupied the Speaker’s seat in the House of Commons. Thankfully he has been recently and officially judged to have been both a serial bully and a serial liar.The tragic events presently unfolding in Ukraine are unquestionably an abhorrent crime against humanity, yet it is British leadership that has largely galvanised the free world into action in response. This alone surely demonstrates beyond any doubt that we made the right choice to leave the EU. We’re no longer stifled or smothered by the European Commission. But much remains to be done in severing the remaining (there’s that word again) bonds that have hamstrung our independence for forty plus years. It is often said that every cloud has a silver lining. A glass being half full, with an unwavering belief that tomorrow will always be better than today is usually positive energy for most. We ought to truly believe that totalitarians, those who would forcefully impose their agenda on us have had their day. No more unbearable repression, crushing the human spirit with which we are all born by God given right. Well, it’s a nice thought, innit? Bit unrealistic in practice though since there will always be some opportunistic joker willing to try his luck. Sadly, there are still those who refuse to accept the choice that the majority of us made. There remains (chuckle) a hardcore element who will not rest until we are swallowed up by the EU once again. This includes a significant number in our civil service who are potential collaborators in this drive to keep us shackled and subject to EU dictates. Government policy is supposed to deliver what we were promised when we exercised our democratic right. Not some watered-down version of it that changes very little in Brussels’ ability to meddle in our domestic affairs. The blighters just simply will not let go, will they? British resolve in the face of adversity is legendary. This needs to be maintained in equal measure to our Ukrainian position. This must also be applied to our on-going interaction with our European counterparts in the overall relationship re-calibration going forward.Lizzie Truss needs to be as assertive with Maroš Šefčovič as she was with the Russian Ambassador to London recently. The EU cannot get away with their semantics over the terms of the Withdrawal Agreement any longer. They have deliberately set out to impose their interpretation of the NIP on Northern Ireland especially, the effective result being that our sovereignty has and continues to be violated over this and other issues. The NIP is totally unfit for purpose when such rigid interpretations are applied to it that are solely politically motivated in an unceasing quest to keep us hog-tied to the Brussels narrative. For the EU Commission to chatter away about the NIP being the most significant guarantor of maintaining the Good Friday Agreement is pure unadulterated cobblers. French opportunistic posturing and bombast is likewise deliberately obscuring reality when it comes to their boats fishing in our waters. But the biggest joke of all though is the role of the ECJ and their perceived jurisdictional supremacy. In matters connected to the WA generally and the NIP in particular the EU Commission have tried and continue to try to ram their wishes down our throats. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea How much more of this nonsense are we expected to endure? In these circumstances we are well within our reasonable rights to invoke Article 16. The political consequences are negligible right now anyway. The risk of political fallout has sharply diminished over what it was only a few short weeks ago. By invoking article sixteen, the faux outrage will inevitably come from Brussels and quite possibly Washington as well. No matter, it should be seen for what it is. Disregarded, although not ignored entirely. The global geopolitical chess board has reached an interesting phase of play. That Britain is well placed to capitalise on current political advantage is hard to dispute. The EU isbureaucratic quagmire led by an impotent European Commission. The US has a chief executive in office who shows a demonstrable lack of cognitive capacity. Mad Vlad has gone off the deep end and his Beijing Bestie is scanning the board for any advantage he can find. The sharp volatility on the world energy markets seems to have abated somewhat, since Vlad’s losses continue to mount at far higher rates than originally anticipated. This conflict, or any other opportunistic foray into unprovoked aggression is not in the interests of anyone. For us though we can claim the moral high ground in our dealings with the EU, who have shown alarming disunity. Talk of the EU army is entirely unwelcome when one considers that we have NATO for that. The last thing we need to do is send out contradictory messages that only serve to embolden our adversaries in the ensuing confusion. The British approach is clear and unambiguous. It makes the EU look inept, which of course they are at present. When all is said and done let’s keep up the momentum, follow the path that best serves our interests for a change, yet do so as a team player. Like him or not, Boris has grasped this free get out of jail card with both hands and is playing a blinder right now. Let the EU get a reality check and be persuaded that their well-being lies in our hands as much as anyone elses'. It might even jerk Sleepy Joe into line, although don’t hold your breath on that one!Go BoJo, and don’t pass this up. You’ll kick yourself if you do.