Arsenal ace Bukayo Saka has been told by Emmanuel Petit that there is nothing he can do about the rough treatment inflicted on him by rival Premier League players. Saka revealed he had asked referee Andy Madley for more protection during the Gunners’ 1-0 victory over Aston Villa at the weekend as he felt he was being targeted. “I wasn’t complaining to the ref but I just wanted to let him know that that’s my game, running at players with pace,” the 20-year-old told BT Sport after the match. “And sometimes I need a bit more protection when players are purposefully trying to kick me.” Saka’s complaints were later dismissed by Villa manager Steven Gerrard, who told the youngster that physicality was part and parcel of football. “It’s part of the game,” Gerrard said. “The last time I checked it’s not a no-contact sport. I think tackles are allowed - physicality’s allowed. He’s a good player, he’s an outstanding talent and I love him. But he can’t complain about that side. That’s football.” Former Arsenal hero Petit has now claimed Saka should get used to the physical side of Premier League football. And the 1998 World Cup winner has compared the winger’s situation to the ones faced by Paris Saint-Germain duo Neymar and Kylian Mbappe. MUST READ: Newcastle join Arsenal, Spurs and Man Utd in race for Victor Osimhen “Bukayo Saka has become a target for Premier League sides, but Steven Gerrard is correct to say ‘get used to it,’” Petit told Lord Ping. “Both of them [are right]. That’s the Premier League and we have the same in France with Mbappe and with Neymar. When you have an artist on the pitch, of course you want to protect them. “Bukayo Saka has been a huge target for the opponents and this is why most of the time opponents keep their eyes on him, because he’s a danger. I can understand his frustrations sometimes because it’s too much - but this is the Premier League and there’s nothing you can do about it.”    Saka has been a revelation for Arsenal since forcing his way into the Gunners team as a teenager nearly three years ago. He has already racked up a staggering 121 appearances for the north Londoners and has also won 14 England caps. The tricky attacker could become one of the best players in Premier League history if he can continue on his upward trajectory. But Arsenal could face a battle to keep hold of him as a string of rival Premier League clubs are apparently desperate to land him. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 