Max Verstappen admits that Red Bull are playing catch-up with Ferrari this season and insists his team need to be “on it” during qualifying for the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. The qualifying session is set to take place on Saturday ahead of Sunday’s race. Verstappen won his maiden F1 title last season after he saw off the attentions of Mercedes ace Lewis Hamilton at the final Grand Prix in Abu Dhabi. But the Dutchman suffered bitter disappointment at the opening race this season after he was forced to retire with three laps remaining in Bahrain due to a power failure. Verstappen had been vying for top spot with Charles Leclerc in the latter stages of the contest last weekend, with the Ferrari man going on to cross the finish line first. Leclerc then backed-up his performance in Bahrain by clocking the quickest time during Friday’s practice sessions in Saudi Arabia. The Monegasque driver once again got the better of Verstappen, who finished the day with the second quickest lap. And Verstappen admits Ferrari appear to be the team to beat. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton unhappy with F1 chiefs for Saudi Arabian GP changes   “It seems like Ferrari were quite competitive again,” the 24-year-old said at the end of P2. “We still have a little bit of work to do to catch up with them and there’s plenty of room for improvement. The sessions ran quite smoothly today - we completed our programme and tried out lots of different tyre sets. “The track feels pretty much the same as last year. The barriers have moved slightly and, in terms of visibility, it hasn’t made a noticeable impact. Looking ahead to qualifying, we still need to look at some data - we’ll see how it all goes tomorrow. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton could quit F1 if Mercedes can't challenge for wins [INSIGHT]Leclerc tipped to replace Hamilton as Verstappen rivalry reignited [COMMENT]Hamilton, Leclerc and Verstappen told to expect Saudi GP 'crash fest' [ANALYSIS]    “It was difficult to get the lap in - I needed to see exactly how we will perform over one lap here because I had a lot of traffic out there. We ran both cars on different programmes and I think we got the data we needed, so now we have some work to do tonight. “It could be another straight shootout with Ferrari on Saturday but at the moment we are focusing on ourselves. Hopefully tomorrow we are able to make the steps we’d like with the car. It will be important in qualifying to make sure we get the space for a clean lap because traffic can be a bit difficult around here. We need to make sure we are on it.” 