Almost a year on from his death, a memorial was held in remembrance of the late Duke of Edinburgh. The memorial service was held at Westminster Abbey. The Royal Family were in attendance but one family member was notably absent - Prince Harry, who now resides in the US with his wife Meghan and their two children, Archie and Lilibet. His failure to attend the memorial service has been widely criticised and was discussed by royal biographer Angela Levin, who appeared on GB News on Wednesday. Ms Levin said: "He only had to come from the airport and to go to where his grandmother was and be taken there. "Its a disgrace actually." Neither the Duke nor the Duchess of Sussex released any statement ahead of the memorial service. Despite no statement being released, the reason noted for his absence was down to security concerns. Ms Levin, speaking on this reason, said: "You saw royals from Europe and beyond, and yet he felt he wouldn't be safe. "It's absolute nonsense." READ MORE: Royal row: Prince Andrew sparks fierce conflict with Queen – Charles and William not happy Host Eammon Holmes points out that he could have "bought his own security, although not armed, or he could have used his father's or brother's security." He noted that Prince Charles and Prince William were reportedly "very happy to embrace him". Ms Levin concluded by calling the decision not to attend the memorial a "deliberate slight" against the family. The Duke of Sussex is in a dispute with the British Government over security concerns and has, in the past, stated his fears. Harry has previously said that it would be unsafe for him and his family to return to the UK, without having police protection officers in attendance. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte melts hearts as she shares adorable interaction with Mia Tindall Speaking on Sky News after the memorial, journalist Alastair Bruce described the security surrounding the memorial service as "incredible". Mr Edwards told presenter Kay Burley that Prince Harry "should be here". He went on to say how he should be there "whether he brings his wife [Meghan] or not, it doesn't matter". Nearly 2,000 guests were in attendance at the service. Philip's family and friends, more than 30 foreign royals, and 500 representatives from charities and organisations of which he was patron were all in attendance. DON'T MISS 'You think they're scroungers?' Brit erupts at Royal Family [VIDEO]Ukrainians forced to drink sewage water as Russian atrocities exposed [INTERVIEW]Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William tipped to 'take control' [LIVE BLOG] Despite past fears that she may not attend due to ongoing health problems, the Queen arrived accompanied by her and the Duke's second son, Prince Andrew. The 95-year-old monarch only confirmed her attendance at the Service of Thanksgiving shortly before it commenced. Other attendees included Prince Charles, Charles' wife Camilla, and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. The Cambridges' were joined at the service by their two eldest children, Prince George, and Princess Charlotte.