Tottenham's interest in VfB Stuttgart ace Sasa Kalajdzic has been downplayed by Arsenal's former transfer chief, Sven Mislintat - despite recent reports claiming that Spurs are eyeing a cut-price summer swoop for the striker. The Londoners are expected to be one of the busiest club's in the transfer market at the conclusion of the current campaign. Antonio Conte has been extremely vocal over his desire to overhaul Tottenham's current playing squad since his appointment back in November. The Italian has already made a huge impact in north London, but it's obvious that further progress will be limited unless signings are made. And he's set to get his wish in the summer, as Spurs bid to muscle back into the upper echelons of the Premier League. JUST IN: Roy Keane claims six Man Utd stars should never play for club again in post-Man City rant One of Conte's priorities is signing an additional strike to try and ease the goalscoring burden on Harry Kane. Although Conte has managed to get Tottenham's talisman firing again, the former Chelsea chief recognises that his side are still light on the firepower that will be required to break back into the top-four. That's reportedly led them to the Bundesliga, with Kalajdzic catching Tottenham's eye. But Mislintat, who spent 18 months at Arsenal, has quashed any talk of the 24-year-old leaving the club in the summer - despite the fact Kalajdzic has less than 18 months remaining on his current deal. DON'T MISSMan Utd players ‘angry’ after Cristiano Ronaldo fails to show for Man City clashGary Neville tears into 'embarrassing' Man Utd against Man City - 'I've never seen that'Barcelona's ridiculous XI if Erling Haaland and three other players join Xavi's team “Basically, he still has a contract," Mislintat told Kicker. "That means we’re a lot more relaxed. Sara said very clearly that he first wanted to get healthy and come onto the pitch before we finalised (his future).” The Austrian hotshot has been plagued by injury this term, with a shoulder issue liming Kalajdzic to just two goals in seven appearances for the Bundesliga outfit. But the striker's goalscoring pedigree was evident last season, where he plundered 17 goals in 36 games. With Kalajdzic due to be a free agent next summer, Tottenham remain hopeful that, despite Mislintat's comments, a cut-price deal can be struck. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ Previous reports have claimed that a deal could be done for around £17million - although Stuttgart are likely to try and barter for a higher price than that if they do decide to cash in on their star striker. And there's every chance that an auction could be sparked in the summer if Stuttgart do decide to go to market. West Ham have also been credited with an interest in Kalajdzic, while fellow German sides Bayern Munich, Borussia Dortmund and RB Leipzig are all keen on a move for the prolific forward.