Former Emmerdale star Charley Webb, 34, has begged her followers for advice on how to stop a very relatable parenting problem at home. The actress, who is married to her co-star Matthew Wolfenden, has three sons: Buster, 11, Bowie, six, and two-year-old Ace. In a bid for help on her Instagram story, Charley looked in despair and asked her 559,000 followers: “Ace climbs out of his cot now after we put him down for his sleep. “Can’t remember what we did with the other two. “How do you stop them from doing it?” Charley regularly updates fans on the highs and lows of family life. READ MORE:Strictly's Katya Jones reaches out to ex Neil 'I hope you're proud!' At the end of February, she revealed little Ace had been rushed to hospital in a “beyond scary” ordeal. He took a bad turn over the weekend and his concerned parents had to call an ambulance. The Debbie Dingle actress told followers: “Ace has been poorly since Friday being sick on and off, but he's just been really lethargic. “And then on Saturday he took a turn for the worse and we had to get him into hospital. "Yeah, he's not been great, but then today he's turned a bit of a corner. “It's been really scary, [we had] the ambulance out and everything." Charley added that she thought there had been a "sickness bug going around" and remarked that there is "nothing worse" than having poorly children. She continued: “I’ve never had one so poorly and it’s been beyond scary. The hospital and paramedics were amazing with him. So important to always follow your instinct. DON'T MISS‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence[LATEST]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak[INSIGHT]Matt Baker sparks frenzy with family announcement on Instagram[NEWS] “It’s taken him until day six to be back to normal. So happy to have my little terror back.” Luckily, Ace made a full recovery and he looked as healthy as ever in a recent family picture to celebrate Charley’s 34th birthday. The soap star posed with her three boys and husband Matthew as they all cuddled up together and beamed at the camera. Alongside the snaps, Charley wrote: “This is what 34 looks like and I couldn't be more grateful. Swipe for the reality of a birthday with a 2.5-year-old." Charley played Debbie for 19 years in the Dales before leaving when she had her youngest child, briefly returning at the end of 2020 and staying until the beginning of 2021. She explained her decision while answering fans’ questions in January. Charley admitted: “This is always my most asked question but I’ve never answered it before because I’ve never wanted to make a big deal of it. “I left to have Ace 2 years ago. I went back at the end of last year for 10 weeks to complete a storyline. "So, I guess officially it’s been a year. I never felt the need to announce it, which is why we didn’t."