His flagship tax cut in today's Spring statement will save 30 million workers £330 over the next 12 months. As ever, there's a catch. It will take a lot more than £330 each to help people make ends meet, as inflation rockets to 6.2 percent and beyond. But it's better than nothing. Throw in a 5p cut in fuel duty and Sunak will reckon he's had a good day. It might even help boost his chances of succeeding Boris Johnson as Prime Minister. Especially as there is a further tax break down the line, as he pledged to cut the basic rate of income tax from 20p to 19p by 2024. That will do nothing to help people today, but it is designed to win votes directly before the next election. In a bold move, Sunak hiked the lower threshold of earnings on which workers pay National Insurance by a thumping £3,000. Workers will now start paying NI on earnings to £12,570 a year, the same point at which they will start paying income tax. The total saving is a hefty £6 billion a year. Sunak was determined not to undersell this, calling the move the "largest single personal tax cut in a decade”. At the end of his speech, he upgraded this boast to the "biggest net cut in personal taxes in over a quarter of a century”. So how happy should we be? The downside is that 30 million workers will still have to pay the new 1.25 percent NI health and social care levy from next month. That will cost the average earner on £30,000 an extra £255 a year, money they can scarcely afford at the moment. READ MORE: Britons face biggest fall in living standard since 1950s Sunak's £330 saving from NI equalisation will leave them £75 ahead, which is something. He implied we’re all paying less tax overall, but we’re not. What Sunak did not say is that the income tax threshold will continue to be frozen from April 6, so people will pay more to HMRC as wages rise. As a result, a £30,000 earner will see their income tax bill jump by £180 a year from April 6, assuming they get a three percent pay rise. So they’ll still pay an extra £105 in total income tax and NI overall. DON'T MISS:Couple cuts £3m inheritance tax liability to ZERO - simple trick [REVEAL]MP rages at Sunak over Budget 'Nothing for WASPI women!' [INSIGHT]Labour savaged by Sunak 'Know how to spend money, not take care of it' [LATEST] Sunak’s other eye-catching announcement was to cut fuel duty by 5p a litre, to take effect from 6pm tonight. He said that is the only the second cut in the last 20 years, and will remain in force for a full 12 months, saving motorists more than £5 billion. Again, it’s a crowd pleaser, but fuel will still cost everyone a fortune. With unleaded at £1.67 a litre, filling up a 55-litre tank costs £91.87. The tax break will save just £2.75. The Government’s tax take will still be hefty £47.30. Sunak’s other measures include scrapping the five percent VAT charge on energy efficiency materials for households, and doubling the household support fund for the hardest hit Britons to £1 billion. But it's the NI cut that will win the headlines. It will not solve the cost of living crisis, but these days, we have to be grateful for small mercies.  