Martin Lewis, 49, is known for his money saving tips, making regular appearances on This Morning and his own show The Martin Lewis Money Show. The financial broadcaster took to Twitter this evening to share his feelings after talking to This Morning viewers about their energy bills, leading his "heart to just sink". Martin took to Twitter in view of his 1.3 million followers to talk about his appearance on today's This Morning. He penned: "My heart just sank doing my @thismorning phone just then - as it does almost every time I hear 'energy bills' right now. "So many people are understandably unable to process the scale of the increases and unable to meet the price. It is depressing and dangerous." Martin Lewis had issued advice to energy customers who are struggling to pay their bills on the morning show. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update A caller named Helen contacted the Money Saving Expert because she was "really concerned" as her bills are set to rise by £200 a month. The price of energy bills are due to skyrocket when the price cap rises by 54% next month because of the surging cost of wholesale gas. Russia's invasion of Ukraine prompted the price of wholesale gas to soar to record highs. He said: "We're going to be faced with typical bills in the country for an average normal household of around £3,000 a year by October. "That is totally unsustainable. As a money saving expert I have very few tools left in my arsenal." Martin called on the government to address the crisis in the Spring statement, but urged anyone struggling to afford their bills to seek available support. He continued: "If you are really struggling, speak to your supplier. "If you can't afford to pay, speak to them. They can't cut you off. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan blasts Justin Trudeau after royal meeting with the Queen [OPINION] Carol Vorderman, 61, reacts to Cambridge University's verdict on pics [TWITTER] Karren Brady on why 'contradictory' Meghan Markle gets criticised [COMMENT] "There are hardship funds out there. British Gas has one that even customers who aren't its customers can apply to. "Most of the big funds have them too. Speak to somebody like National Energy Action. "There's a warm home discount. There is government support. He continued: "Speak to Citizens Advice. I mean, there is some help available if you are properly struggling, but I'm not sure there's enough help for everybody out there." Martin spoke out last week as he bid farewell to his Twitter followers as he struggled to cope with the harrowing news cycle of late. Amid the cost of living crisis, pandemic and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, Martin revealed he desperately needed to spend the weekend offline. He wrote: “What a horrible, tragic, week it has been. "I'm signing off social media for the weekend. I wish everyone as safe and as happy a weekend as you can have. "Let's hope and pray there's some light soon. See you Monday."