Premium home interiors brand, Neville Johnson has worked closely with property experts to share the five renovations which could add value to a home. This includes how to rethink and repurpose spaces as well as how a well organised, open space could instantly appeal to a potential buyer. Staircases are often the first thing a buyer will see when they enter a property so it is crucial to make a good first impression. According to Neville Johnson it can be a very dominant part of the home decor. Property experts and Foxtons know that when hosting viewings, potential buyers will make up their mind on the property within the first 30 seconds. This means a hallway with a well purposed staircase is vital in order to appeal. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share how to use 2p coin to ‘dissolve’ limescale The last two years have seen many people upsize and move to bigger homes, in order to get more bedrooms and working space. According to Neville Johnson, fitted bedroom furniture is “sure” to help to add value to the property. They said: “A buyer expects to see clever storage solutions in properties of all sizes, especially as new home developments from national house builders are providing excellent storage solutions and setting a new benchmark for buyers. “In traditional properties, fitted wardrobes can be a great solution for maximising storage options, while being sympathetic to original features, and in more modern properties bold styling choices add standout.” DON'T MISS:Use cupboard essentials to tackle kitchen grime - baking soda and salt [COMMENT]‘Pouring boiling water’ on garden weeds can ‘instantly kill them’ [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to use black tea to get ‘streak-free windows’ [EXPLAINER] In a time where many people continue to work from home, doubling up spaces as an office can help to add value too. A bespoke study could also add even more value to a house price. One luxury many look for these days is dressing rooms. Neville Johnson said: “The popularity of dressing rooms is part of a resurgence in focusing on adult spaces in the home. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “A master bedroom with a dressing room and en suite is high on the list of even family buyers now, adding value to a property, with buyers willing to pay for a dedicated space. “As with all luxury spaces, consumers expect the fitted furniture, that defines the space, to be well designed, functional, flexible and of exceptional quality and provide easy access to the content.” Over the past two years, the company has also seen an increase in home library projects. A traditional library or contemporary library space “can be a real focal point”of the home and “add desire, quality and value to the home”. Ryan Ninnis from Foxtons said: “Presenting a stylish, well designed, and functional home to buyers is a key way to differentiate and sell your property quickly. “We regularly see increases in value of 15 to 20 percent for owners who have made home improvements that appeal to the demands of the local market.” Mal Shaw, Sales Director At Neville Johnson, added: “Now more than ever, we know that UK homeowners are looking to add value to their properties and so we’ve taken our knowledge and decades’ of experience in home renovations and launched an informative digital guide with Foxtons that highlights the key home improvements to consider before selling a property. “Selling your property can be one of the most exciting times in a homeowner’s life, but it can also be a stressful one. “We hope that our new step-by-step guide will serve as a useful resource for homeowners looking to carry out desirable home renovations ahead of selling their properties.” “A master bedroom with a dressing room and en suite is high on the list of even family buyers now, adding value to a property, with buyers willing to pay for a dedicated space.  “As with all luxury spaces, consumers expect the fitted furniture, that defines the space, to be well designed, functional, flexible and of exceptional quality and provide easy access to the content.”  Over the past two years, the company has also seen an increase in home library projects.  A traditional library or contemporary library space “can be a real focal point”of the home and “add desire, quality and value to the home”.