When your energy bills are skyrocketing, the last thing you want to do is waste energy. If you don’t clean your radiators and bleed them, your radiators will use much more energy to heat up. Express.co.uk chatted to Daniel Nezhad, Director at UK Radiators to find out how to make your radiators more efficient. If you want your radiators to work efficiently, then keeping them clean is imperative. Daniel said: “A dusty radiator is an inefficient radiator as the build-up can prevent the effective transfer of heat between the internal fins. “Start by dusting or hoovering the exterior of the radiator and then wash it with soapy water and a damp cloth.” READ MORE- Lawn care tips for March: Mowing hack to stop grass turning yellow To tackle the inside, switch off your radiator and make your own radiator brush. Try wrapping a long thin object or a piece of wood in a microfiber cloth and secure it with an elastic band or two. Use this make-shift tool to reach inside of the radiator and clean the dust out from within – but only if you’re confident that the cleaning component is well constructed enough not to break within. Use warm soapy water on the parts of the radiator that you can reach and then dry it with a (clean) microfibre cloth to avoid rusting. Some people see radiators as a bit of an eyesore and try to hide them with either radiator covers or large furniture such as sofas, but this is a bad idea! However, by doing this, you are likely to be increasing their energy bills. Daniel said: “If the radiator is covered the heat cannot flow properly, and thus your radiator will not be performing efficiently. “By removing covers or large furniture, you will allow the heat to freely flow from the radiator into your home, meaning that you won't need to keep your heating on for as long as it will be able to heat the space much faster than it could if it was blocked.” DON'T MISS...How to clean your patio with two kitchen items [INFORMER]Energy bills to rocket to £4000 this year - 10 ways to slash your bill [INSIGHT]The key date you should switch your heating off to maximise savings [EXPLAINER] As you use your heating system, air can get trapped inside your radiator and result in the heat not being distributed as evenly and efficiently as it should, Daniel said. The expert explained: “Bleeding your radiator will keep it working smoothly and keep your home toasty all year round. “Releasing the air that can build up inside your radiator and decrease its effectiveness will keep it working at its best. “This is because this trapped air can lower the efficiency of heat distribution, leaving you with a radiator with cold spots.”