Amanda Holden has penned a heartfelt Mother’s Day post on Instagram, speaking about how lucky she feels to be a mum to her two daughters and her late son, Theo. He was stilborn 11 years ago when Amanda, 50, was seven months pregnant. The trio were sitting down in some grass at a scenic beach location, and Amanda and Hollie were laughing while Lexi looked a little more serious. In the same post, Amanda added a snap with her own mother, who had her arms around the star while they sat on a bench. “#HappyMothersDay sending love to you all…. Lucky to have my mummy and to be a Mama to my two girls and my angel #theo,” she wrote. Her fans flocked to comment on the post, with Muriel writing: “Happy mother's day to you and to your Mum!” Emma Robinson added: “Tough one today… love to you and your Mummy xxxx” Fanpage The Holdenites penned: “I hope you and your mum both have a lovely day today”. Amanda has previously opened up about the heartbreaking moment she learnt there was no heartbeat during a scan. Speaking on the BBC’s Dear NHS Superstars special, she said: "I remember waking up and thinking I hadn't felt my baby kick for most of the night which was unusual because he was so active. "I tried all the things they tell you to do, but he wasn't moving. But I didn't panic. "Luckily for us, an obstetrician was coming past and Jackie [midwife] said to the obstetrician, 'Please can you go in, I can't hear the patient's baby's heartbeat', and then I heard this guttural screaming.” Amanda continued: “It was the most bizarre thing that's ever happened to me because it was me. I didn't know I was doing it. I had no control over myself, I thought it was another person making the noise. DON'T MISS... Jane Seymour, 71, showcases ageless beauty in plunging green gown[LATEST]Strictly's Aljaz leaves co-stars heartbroken as pro bids farewell[TV]Aled Jones' daughter Emilia puts on risqué display in gold dress[PICTURES] "All these women were holding me, calming me down. I forgot entirely that I'd have to get the baby out and I'd have to give birth to our son.” Amanda delivered little Theo via caesarean, and he weighed just 3lbs. “The C-section was beyond horrific because at the end a little baby who has nothing wrong with him apart from being asleep is going to come out," she said. "I kept saying, 'I can't hold a dead baby', I was absolutely terrified. Just as the baby was going to come out my husband Chris had to leave the room, he couldn't bear it." To help her cope with the grief, Amanda and her husband Chris underwent therapy, both diagnosed with PTSD after the trauma. Last year, Amanda marked what would have been Theo’s tenth birthday by sharing a photo of his footprints. "#Theo... our gorgeous little boy," she wrote. "You would have been 10 years old today... not a day goes by without thinking of you.”