James Martin, 49, has spoken out in defence of the Yorkshire Shepherdess as he discussed a potential increase in produce prices. Speaking on the Welcome to Yorkshire ‘Talkshire’ podcast, the ITV chef urged listeners to support their local producers and farmers. James also commended farmers like Amanda who do their job for “passion” and not to secure “the latest Range Rover”. The chef explained: “The sheep farmers need all the help they can because you know the imports are coming in from New Zealand. “So anything you can possibly do to support the produce from this country and from the county and your local produce as well is so vital. “And no more so than anything else now as we sort of explained that Brexit settlement. “You know, it’s going to be quite tough. They’re positive everything’s going up.” He added: “It’s very difficult. We had the Yorkshire Shepherdess at the house a while back and she was saying, you know, the price of lamb is massively fluctuating all over the place. The price of wheat has gone up four times, the feed… “So, people are going to have to realise that food will inevitably go up because the cost of ingredients that they feed them goes up. “But these are people who are doing it from their passion, they are not doing it for the latest Range Rover. “These are the people that are doing it because they’ve done it for generations and generations.” James has been outspoken on his advocacy of the countryside and farming practices. He recently revealed his love of Jeremy Clarkson’s Amazon Prime Video series Clarkson’s Farm, which shows the realities of country living. Clarkson’s Farm was released in June 2021 and it follows Jeremy on his journey in the world of farming. DON’T MISS:Julia Bradbury says she's ‘lucky to be alive’ in new health update [NEWS]Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [LATEST]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [INSIGHT] The show proved successful and has already been recommissioned for a second season. James discussed the programme as he welcomed wildlife presenter Kate Humble onto his Saturday Morning show last month. The TV star praised Jeremy’s farming series as he prepared some mussel soup for his guest. James said: “I think Clarkson’s Farm was one of the ones that I think out of all the shows that have been out there recently that’s really the one where people were sort of… it woke people up to how difficult farming was.” Kate agreed: “I think what he has done has brought a totally different audience to farming and a wider audience to farming.” “He’s so honest and he’s just like, you know, ‘Flipping heck, why does anyone do this? You make no money’,” she added. James simply stated: “It’s the reality of farming.” “It is, it’s the reality. It’s the absolute reality,” Kate concluded.