Stuart (played by Ricky Champ) finally returned to the Square on Thursday's episode of the BBC soap. His wife Rainie (Tanya Franks) is still trying to convince him to have surgery for his cancer, but he insists on using alternative therapies to cure himself. In the latest episode of EastEnders, Rainie fumed that their baby would be coming soon and that it would need two parents, but was questioned by Sonia Fowler (Natalie Cassidy) about Bernie's (Clair Norris) whereabouts. Will Rainie get the youngster to return and persuade Stuart to have the medical treatment? Rainie was delighted when her husband returned after months away from Walford. After he stormed back into the house out of nowhere, Rainie commented: "Two months, and all I get is petrol station flowers?" but she ran into his arms. Later, she told him: "You did a runner from hospital and you left me, your wife, a voice note." "I am better now," he argued, adding: "Than I've ever been." "What, because you can do downward dog?" Rainie asked her husband. READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' "I got a second opinion," he remarked. He went on: "I've been having treatment." "In a hospital?" Rainie asked, but Stuart explained he had taken a different approach. "A doctor has given me the all-clear, my cancer has shrunk," Stuart explained. He continued: "I know it sounds crazy, but this is what me and you do, isn't it? Crazy. "This is my comeback, I'm better - I'm ready to be a dad." Callum Highway (Tony Clay) was also sceptical as Rainie phoned Sonia to seek her advice. "He thinks this lie is going to get him out of having an op," Rainie later told the nurse. "You can't make him have treatment," Sonia pointed out to her friend. "You want a bet? We have got a baby dropping any day now," Rainie snapped. "Do we even know where Bernie is?" Sonia questioned, before apologising as Rainie went silent. DON'T MISS... Antiques Roadshow shuts down expert over Roman knife handle [LATEST]Killing Eve's Jodie Comer signs up for first new role after BBC drama [INTERVIEW]Denise Van Outen did 'crying at home' as she spills on Eddie split [VIDEO] Rainie explained she would do whatever it takes to make Stuart get the treatment. Could she get in touch with Bernie and convince her to threaten not to give away her baby if Stuart refuses treatment? Bernie cares about the baby having a good upbringing with a family she trusts, if she thinks there's a chance Stuart could die if he doesn't have the treatment, she will probably agree to help Rainie. Bernie left Walford last October after becoming overwhelmed by the surrogacy. Perhaps Rainie is in touch with her and with the baby set to arrive soon, she could hatch a plan with the pregnant woman. With Bernie set to come back to Albert Square soon, will she tell Stuart he can only care for the baby if he has the operation? Rainie explained how she would do whatever it takes to convince her husband having surgery is the right thing to do. Stuart is also desperate to be a father, so will the ultimatum make him listen? Both Callum and Rainie are terrified about Stuart ignoring his cancer. Ever since he received the diagnosis last year, Stuart has refused to go to hospital appointments. When he decided to seek alternative treatments, his family tried to stop him, but he left so he could find out more. The baby is due soon, and with time running out before they become parents, will Stuart be persuaded to do what Rainie wants? EastEnders continues on Monday at 8pm on BBC One.