In terms of the features Deltacron shares with its sister variants Kinane said: “The main elements of the Deltacron variant are derived from Delta, but it’s ‘spike protein’, which allows the virus to gain entry to human cells, comes from the Omicron variant. "There have been some notable other symptoms such as runny nose, scratchy throat and vertigo which have not typically been associated with covid strains until now". Whether the public should be worried Kinane added: “Caution is perhaps a better approach…measured approaches are more conducive to a viable strategy going forward”. So, the public shouldn’t worry, not only because it wouldn’t be productive but because there very few Deltacron cases in the UK. As of mid-March, there were fewer than 40 cases in the UK alone and less than 20 in the United States and Europe. READ MORE: High blood pressure warning: Two drugs recalled With Deltacron’s so far small impact in the Western world, one of the questions that may be raised is whether this, the emergence of new variants, is something the public should get used to. Kinane said: “It is prudent to expect a stream of new variants”. Another question that has been raised in recent weeks has been whether, with the lifting of restrictions in the UK leading to a rise in rates of the virus, whether a new variant will arise that is deadlier than the ones before it. “Depending on its make up, it is possible that a new strain could come about that surpasses the effects of prior Covid variants,” said Kinane.  While this may sound unnerving, there is some reassurance in history according to the immunologist: “So far, the original variant has been the most destructive in terms of severity of symptoms. “Omicron, on the other hand, has been shown in many cases to be more transmissible”. As a result, the hope is that while new variants may come along, they’ll be less deadly than the ones that preceded it. Should this occur it would potentially help strengthen the UK government’s living with Covid strategy. Nevertheless, the government’s strategy, despite the lack of evidence used in making it, is one the public has to learn to live with. Going forward Kinane advised: “If individuals feeling more comfortable to continue wearing masks, then they should do so and remain sensible and vigilant if they have knowingly come into close contact with an individual who has tested positive”. So far, the NHS remains under stress and the resurgence of COVID-19 will not relieve that anytime soon. As Covid cases continue to rise sharply, questions will continue to be raised over whether the government has made the best decision for the nation.