Juan Mata is set to lead an exodus at Manchester United in the summer, with reports claiming that the former Chelsea ace 'will leave the club' at the end of the season. Reports earlier this year suggested that a host of players were unhappy at the club, and Mata is one star who has struggled for consistent action this season. The 33-year-old has been ostracised from the first-team picture at Old Trafford this year and has failed to make a single Premier League appearance. Mata only agreed to a 12-month extension at the end of last season but he's now poised for a summer exit after struggling to impress United's interim chief, Ralf Rangnick. And according to The Athletic, a host of La Liga clubs are keeping a keen on eye on developments surrounding Mata. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Rangnick replies to Keane and Neville after City loss The veteran playmaker will be available for free at the end of the season when his eight-year stint at United comes to an end. Mata made his name in England at United's rivals, Chelsea, firing 33 goals in 135 games to help the Blues to FA Cup and Champions League success. That was enough to convince United to swoop for his services after he was excluded from the Chelsea team by former Blues chief Jose Mourinho. Mata has gone on to plunder 55 goals across 277 appearances during his time with the Red Devils, but has become a peripheral figure at the club over the past couple of years. And Mata may not be the only Manchester United player plotting a summer exit. In the wake of his exclusion from the starting line-up for Sunday's chastening 4-1 defeat to Manchester City, Marcus Rashford is also reportedly considering his future at the club. The Guardian are reporting that the United academy graduate is 'seriously considering' slapping in a transfer request at the end of the season as a result of his diminished role in the team. Rangnick opted to start Sunday's crunch Manchester derby without a recognised forward after Cristiano Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani were ruled out; painting a picture of Rashford's desperate fall from grace this term. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ The 24-year-old has started just two of United's last 11 league games under the German and is frustrated at the situation he currently finds himself in at his boyhood club. Rashford's contract is due to run until the summer of 2023, but United are believed to hold an option to extend that for another year which could complicate matters. While reports elsewhere claim Rashford is determined to turn things around and reclaim his spot in the team, the striker could be left with a monumental decision to make in the summer if he fails in his bid to muscle his way back into Rangnick's plans over the coming weeks.