Prince Harry and Lesotho's Prince Seeiso co-penned an emotional and poignant message as a foreword of the latest annual report of Sentebale, the organisation they launched together in the mid-2000s. In their message, the founding patrons stressed how difficult the past year has been for many people and organisations such as Sentebale, as the COVID-19 pandemic "exacerbated" already existing difficult situations and created fresh challenges to tackle. The Duke of Sussex and Prince Seeiso wrote in the latest annual report of their charity: "The reality is that existing inequalities have either deepened or been exacerbated during the past two years. "This has created a compounding effect, as the COVID-19 and HIV pandemics are intrinsically intertwined in many ways." They went on listing some of the fresh challenges created by the Covid crisis. The patrons said: "Parents and carers have lost their jobs; young people can't find work; children have missed out on schooling; gender-based violence has rocketed and young people tell us their mental health has deteriorated. "Poverty is on the rise." Sentebale was founded in 2006 by Harry and Seeiso, the younger brother of Lesotho's King Letsie III. The charity has successfully become a reference point in the small African kingdom for children and teenagers struggling with their HIV status. Sentebale aims at supporting young people's mental health and wellbeing and giving them the tools to lead a long and productive life. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's stepson Wolfie in heartbreaking remark The name of the charity is strongly linked to Princess Diana, as the Duke of Sussex himself revealed in 2007 during the Concert for Diana. Sentebale, he said at the time, means "forget me not" in the Sesotho language, and represents both the late Princess of Wales' favourite flower and a reminder to everyone not to forget Lesotho and its children. In 2016, Sentebale grew to the point it was able to launch a new branch in Botswana.   In their foreword, Seeiso and Harry also touched upon the Covid vaccine rollout in Southern Africa, an issue the Duke of Sussex has been very vocal about. They wrote: "The global vaccine rollout has been far too slow and far too many have been left at risk. "Thankfully, vaccination rates across the Southern Africa region are picking up but as many in the HIV advocacy community have known for decades, we cannot just hope for a pandemic to disappear. "It takes resources, investment, ingenuity, leadership, and access to solve a public health crisis." The two royals also noted the challenges presented by the Covid crisis has taught "valuable lessons", including the advantages of mixing a virtual and face-to-face approach when supporting those in need. They also voiced their pride in the work done by the organisation's members and said their personal commitment to the charity remains unwavering. Since the spring of 2021, Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle have become vocal advocates for the worldwide distributions of Covid vaccines, deemed the only way to put an end to the pandemic. In the run-up to the Global Citizen's Vax Live concert in May last year, the Duke and Duchess became campaign chairs and led a coordinated drive across the private sector to raise critical funds for COVAX — a vaccine-sharing program co-led by the World Health Organization (WHO). On World Aids Day, Harry compared the Covid vaccine inequity to the HIV struggle, saying vaccinating the whole world against coronavirus is a "test of our moral character". He wrote in an open letter read out at a WHO and UNAIDS event: "Are we really comfortable repeating the failures of the past? Everything I’ve learned from the youth of Sentebale tells me not. "They see how repeating these mistakes is destructive and self-defeating, it is a betrayal of the next generation." Most recently, Meghan and Harry co-signed an open letter coordinated by the People's Vaccine calling for the end to vaccine monopolies from Western countries. Among other signatories, there were world leaders, Nobel laureates and humanitarians.