Sherrilyn Speid from Essex spoke with GB News presenters Mercy Muroki and Patrick Christys about how she was driving her son to school on October 12, 2021, before she came across a protest in the middle of the road. Despite asking them to move so she could get her son to school, according to Sherrilyn, they refused to budge. On Monday, the 35-year-old pleaded guilty to a charge of dangerous driving at Southend Magistrates’ Court. During the hearing, she received a 12-month driving ban. However, speaking in a new interview, the mum told GB News she thinks the ban is completely unfair. "Did I deserve to be punished? Absolutely," Sherrilyn began. "It's not normal to behave that way, but you know, I was very frustrated because as I saw before, my son's education is so important to me." READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is She went on to point out she is also self-employed and needs her car for her job. Sherrilyn said she works within the community helping young people with disabilities and uses her car to take them out. "It was a difficult time, I needed to get my son to school and to get to work and they were blocking my way," she continued. "Did I deserve to be punished for that? Of course, for how I reacted but do I deserve a whole 12-month driving ban? I don't think so." Mercy weighed in on the discussion as she admitted she struggled not to throw her full support behind the mum. The host pointed out the protestors have "barely seen any repercussions" as a result of their actions. Sherrilyn replied: "Nothing has happened to them, I just feel it’s really unfair the way I have been treated, I don’t think I deserve that. “I’ve got no criminal convictions prior to this, I don’t even have any points on my license, I’ve always been a very careful driver." DON'T MISS...'He LAUGHED at the joke!' Eamonn Holmes blasts Will Smith  [VIDEO]Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Danny 'sent to a shrink in infant school' [NEWS] “I’m 35, I’ve been driving since I was 17," she raged. "I passed my test when I was so young, I’ve been such a good driver all these years and to lose my license because I’ve been trying to get my son to school and go to work. It doesn’t make sense to me." "If the police had done their job you'd still be driving now, wouldn't you?" Patrick asked. Sherrilyn claimed at the time, she did call the police but said: "They didn't come. "The whole police force needs to be chucked in the bin at this point, I am disgusted in them, to be honest." When asked whether the police are becoming too "woke" or too "soft", Sherrilyn simply said: "Soft? Yeah." The hosts also quizzed the mum about whether she had any hatred or animosity towards Insulate Britain protestors. "No, I don’t hate them and I’m actually not against their cause," she admitted. She went on to add: “I just don’t think their methods are right.” GB NEWS airs weekdays from 6am.