HomeToGo created a database of the best places to see spring flowers in the UK. It looked at the prices of holiday rentals and a database of the UK’s public gardens. Even though international travel is back on the agenda for 2022, staycations are still popular with Britons. British tourists searching for an Easter break in the UK could try one of Britain’s best places for spring flowers. According to HomeToGo, the best place to see spring flowers in the UK is in beautiful Cornwall. A spokesperson said: “Spring visitors to Cornwall can look forward to seeing highlights such as 300 varieties of daffodil at Cotehele House, Caerhays Castle’s National Magnolia Collection and swathes of brightly coloured blooms in the Antony Woodland Garden.” READ MORE: Flight attendant shares secret passengers don’t know The Antony Woodland Garden is one of just five International Camellia Gardens of Excellence in the UK. Cotehele House also offers Easter Egg hunts for children as well as the incredible sight of hundreds of daffodils. The second best destination to see spring blooms in the UK is in Kent, the Garden of England. A HomeToGo spokesperson said: “Kent locations such as Hole Park and Ightham Mote are famed for their carpet of bluebells. “Thousands of tulips bring colour to Emmetts Garden and the grounds of Hever Castle in spring. “Keen gardeners should add Great Comp’s Spring Fling Plant Fair, scheduled for April 10 to their calendars.” Once the childhood home of Anne Boleyn, Hever Castle is a glorious place to see spring blooms. Bluebells are a special sight during the spring and staycationers in Kent will have plenty of chance to enjoy them. In third place for spring blooms was the country of Sussex. HomeToGo said: “Bluebells abound in Sussex with a dedicated walk at the Bates Green Garden and a lush walk at Sheffield Park. “What’s more, around 20 acres of the Standen House grounds are covered by these beautiful blue blooms. “The county also sees two Tulip festivals starting in April, one at Arundel Castle and the other at Pashley Manor Gardens.” Deven took fourth place for spring blooms and HomeTogo recommend staycationers “stroll under the cherry blossom at Coleton Fishacre”. In fifth place for spring flowers was Yorkshire. HomeToGo said: “Holidaymakers here can expect to see bright bellis and unforgettable forget-me-nots amongst the 10,000 spring plants at Brodsworth Hall, alongside 110 different types of daffodils at Thorp Perrow Arboretum. “For a more hands-on experience, Harewood House and RHS Harlow Carr offer Spring Wreath and Bouquet workshops during April.” 