Roman Abramovich has confirmed that Chelsea are up for sale in a statement this evening. The Russian oligarch, 55, has attempted to give the “stewardship and care” of the Stamford Bridge side to its foundation trustees following the Russian invasion of Ukraine. He confirmed this evening, however, that he has taken the decision to sell the club. He will be writing off the £1.5billion of loans made to the club, with at least two parties believed to be preparing offers to take the European champions. Abramovich has always vehemently denied having close ties to the Kremlin, or having done anything which could merit him being sanctioned. Net proceeds from the sale, he announced, would be donated to a charitable foundation “for the benefit of all victims of the war in Ukraine”. The sale brings to an end 19 years of ownership, during which time the Blues have won 18 major trophies. One of the most iconic trophy wins under his stewardship was the 2012 Champions League final in Munich. Former Chelsea defender David Luiz opened up on the occasion in an interview last year, having played through the pain and scoring in the penalty shoot-out. READ MORE: Tottenham’s four players who let Conte down during dire Boro defeat Luiz, who was 25 at the time, recalled Abramovich gave him the cold shoulder beforehand. He said: “Roman Abramovich spoke to me on the day of the game and asked, ‘How is your leg?’ “I told him, ‘It does not matter, I play with my head and my heart’. “He said, ‘Go away, I don’t want to see your face, I am so nervous!’ I said to him, ‘Don’t worry, we will win’. “But it could have gone badly wrong. Imagine if I’d been forced off after 10 minutes, or I made a mistake for a goal because I could not run? It was a big, big decision.” He added: “I perhaps should not have played, but some special people encouraged me to take that step, to play even though I was not fit. “They told me not to be scared. There was big pressure after that.” Luiz played the full 120 minutes and scored the second spot kick as Chelsea won 4-3 to clinch their first Champions League title. The former Arsenal and Benfica man recalled: “I was the only Brazilian in this game, that meant a lot. “I had many things in my head trying to block out the pain — the dream, the love, the adrenalin. DON'T MISS:Alan Shearer hits out at Abramovich after Chelsea owner's statement [QUOTES]Chelsea owner Abramovich expected to 'drop price' after £2.5bn offer [INSIGHT]Andriy Shevchenko in touching interview with family stranded in Kyiv [QUOTES] “After the game, with the trophy, no one cared about my leg, not even me. “It was only in the middle of the night when the adrenalin wore off that the pain returned.” Luiz left Chelsea two years later, joining PSG for £50million, before returning to the Blues in August 2016 in a deal worth £30million. He left again in 2019, joining Arsenal, before returning to Brazil to play for Flamengo last year. Abramovich, meanwhile, has reportedly set a £3billion price tag for the Blues. However, his decision is believed to have been influenced by mounting pressure on Downing Street to seize the assets of high-value Russian individuals with links to Putin’s regime. Though Abramovich denies all links to Putin, Labour Party leader Sir Keir Starmer today urged the Government to impose sanctions on him. In Wednesday’s session of Prime Minister’s Questions, he said: "He is a person of interest to the Home Office because of his links to the Russian state and his public association with corrupt activity and practices. “After the game, with the trophy, no one cared about my leg, not even me.  “It was only in the middle of the night when the adrenalin wore off that the pain returned.”  Luiz left Chelsea two years later, joining PSG for £50million, before returning to the Blues in August 2016 in a deal worth £30million.  He left again in 2019, joining Arsenal, before returning to Brazil to play for Flamengo last year. “Last week the Prime Minister said Abramovich was facing sanctions. "He later corrected the record to say he isn't. Well, why on Earth isn't he?" Mr Johnson replied: "It is not appropriate for me to comment on individual cases at this stage." Among those reported to be interested in buying the club are LA Dodgers owner Todd Boehly, Swiss tycoon Hansjoerg Wyss and Sir Jim Ratcliffe, Britain’s richest man.