George Clooney and his wife Amal Clooney are friends of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. Hollywood star George once opened up on Meghan’s treatment with a warning that “history was repeating”. George will be on our screens today as his hit film Ocean’s Twelve airs on TV this evening. However, some viewers may be keen to know more about the star’s life off-screen as well. The Hollywood actor is reportedly pals with Meghan and Prince Harry, who also live in California. George has even spoken in the past to defend Meghan.  He compared her treatment of being photographed as similar to that of Princess Diana. Chatting back in February 2019, he made the admission in an interview with an Australian magazine. He told Who magazine: “I do want to say, they’re just chasing Meghan Markle everywhere. “She’s a woman who is seven months pregnant and she has been pursued and vilified and chased in the same way that Diana was.   “And it’s history repeating itself. We’ve seen how that ends.” This isn’t the only time George has opened up about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. He shares a birthday with Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, which is something he quipped about during a red carpet appearance. Chatting to ET Online, he joked how it was “irritating” that the new baby shared his birthday.   He said in 2019: “Well it is a little irritating as the kid really is stealing my thunder. “Come on, it’s my day. I was already sharing it with Orson Welles and Sigmund Freud.” Recently, George accepted his first joint award with his wife Amal Clooney. They were honoured at the Catalyst Awards for their work inspiring social change.  These took place at the beginning of February as the couple joined virtually. They won for the work their foundation, the Clooney Foundation for Justice, does. Speaking of this, George said: “Our goal at the foundation is to free the innocent and punish the guilty. “I think we're both inspired by the young people out there challenging injustice in their communities, a new generation that won't accept the status quo.” Amal added: “The funding we receive from this award will support our TrialWatch program, which monitors criminal trials around the world and defends individuals who are unjustly detained, including journalists, women, LGBTQ persons and minorities.” 