The actress and the rest of The View's panel debated US President Joe Biden's first State of the Union address to Congress on Wednesday's instalment of the ABC show. As they were discussing the President's comments about the ongoing Ukraine crisis, Whoopi made a sensational claim about Mexico "doing business" with Russia. Speaking about Biden's speech, panellist Michele Tafoya said: "I loved the stuff on Ukraine but what I hoped was to hear a little bit more about China. "We all seem to be so afraid of China and yet they are not providing any sanctions against Russia, they are still doing business with Russia." Whoopi interjected to make a staggering claim, saying: "Neither is Mexico." Michele added: "Well I don't know how much business there is between Mexico and Russia, I really don't." READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series Whoopi cut in while raising her eyebrows to add: "There's quite a bit apparently." Taking Whoopi's comments on board, Michele said she would have the same complaint with Mexico if that was the case. The former sports reporter added: "Well with China it is a little bit more dangerous because China is watching. "If this is happening with Ukraine and Russia then China will want to go in on Taiwan and that's going to be exceedingly dangerous.  "Talk about a disruption to the world, that's going to be massive." When asked what President Biden should do about the possibility, Michele exclaimed there were "a lot of people paid a lot more money" than she was to "figure it out". Their debate came following the president's first State of the Union to Congress on Tuesday. During the speech, the 79-year-old leader spoke of his strong support for the Ukrainian people and their president Volodymyr Zelenskyy. DON'T MISS...Whoopi Goldberg quip about Kate Middleton appearance: 'She knows!' [DEBATE]'It’s funny Bo - I can call you Bo right' Whoopi Goldberg mocks Boris [VIDEO]Whoopi Goldberg forced to stop TV chat amid shocking Camilla comment [MUST SEE] He said: "From President Zelenskyy to every Ukrainian, their fearlessness, their courage, their determination, literally inspires the world." He also announced the US would ban Russian airlines from American airspace after Canada and Europe took similar steps. "Putin's latest attack on Ukraine was premeditated and totally unprovoked," he added. "He rejected repeated -- repeated efforts at diplomacy. He thought the West and NATO wouldn't respond.  "He thought he could divide us at home, in this chamber, in this nation. He thought he could divide us in Europe as well. But Putin was wrong. We are ready." A second round of talks are reportedly set to take place later today after a Russian negotiator said a ceasefire was on the agenda. However, Ukraine has said Russia's demands are "unacceptable" and the country must stop bombing Ukrainian cities before any progress can be expected. The View airs weekdays at 11am ETS on ABC. 