Anne-Marie Trevelyan is set to join Boris Johnson and 10 Australian CEOs and senior executives at Downing Street today to celebrate the historic deal. LBC host Nick Ferrari asked the Secretary if the new deal was a "Brexit bonus". Ms Trevelyan told the morning show: "It is the ability to bring in investment and our own choices is a freedom that we have when the Prime Minister set up the Office of Investment which is led by Lord Grimstone two years ago to help us really drive this forwards and encourage international capital to come and invest in the UK. "We have some of the best skills and talented people in the world here. "We're seeing the number of unicorns these businesses that have a billion-pound value growing at an incredible pace. "Th UK does have a unique set of skills." She added: "The numbers are growing at such a pace because this is such a great place in the UK to develop your business and to find amazing skilled people to help. "We're pleased that the Australian investors are looking to do that." READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Boris urged to sack minister over disappointing deals However, a Scottish Government minister has said the Australia and New Zealand trade deals are "hugely disappointing" and undermine Scottish farmers. Rural Affairs Minister, Mairi Gougeon, said the deals would undercut domestic producers and allow foreign exporters unfettered access after a transition period. In a letter to the UK's Trade Policy Minister, Penny Mordaunt, she said farmgate prices for New Zealand beef were up to 30 percent lower than Scottish prices. She also said Australian producers adhered to lower animal welfare standards than their UK counterparts. The New Zealand agreement was signed in February, while the Australian agreement was signed in December. The post-Brexit agreements are aimed at boosting trade and cut tariffs on imports to the UK. In her letter, Ms Gougeon said: "It is not just the Scottish Government that is concerned with this trade deal. "The view from industry is clear: trade deals that the UK Government have signed, which provide Australian and New Zealand exporters unfettered access to the UK market following a short transitional period, despite operating to lower cost and regulatory standards, will undercut domestic agri-food producers." DON'T MISS Brits mock Spain supermarket rationing amid shortages [INSIGHT]Boris warned UK must 'not to sit on laurels' with trade [ANALYSIS]UK turbocharged as Boris hails £28.5billion SURGE in Aussie investment [VIDEO] She continued: "All in all, it is hugely disappointing that these first, from scratch, trade deals have compromised the interests of Scottish farmers, crofters, and food producers so comprehensively and in so many different ways. "These trade deals are evidentially not delivering the outcomes that people were promised if they voted to leave the EU." A spokeswoman for the Department for International Trade said the Scottish Government's comments on the Australia and New Zealand trade deals are "disappointing." She said: "We have engaged with the Scottish Government throughout the negotiations, both at the official and ministerial level, and explained the benefits and protections that both deals secure. "It is disappointing that the Scottish Government has not recognised this in its communications."