In a 30-minute video released yesterday (Thursday), Sofia Khomenko, a 12-year-old singer and Russian child star, told children about Russia’s military action. Presenters repeated the claim put out by the Kremlin that Putin’s intervention was to protect Russia from Nazism.  The video, laughably entitled “A Lesson About World Peace”, comes as Putin is accused of war crimes over the Russian military’s actions against civilians. It denied that Russia was at war with its neighbour, sticking to the claim that the “special operation” had been in response to Ukrainian aggression. According to a Telegraph translation, Ms Khomenko introduced the lesson by saying: “Today we are talking about how you can investigate what is happening, we are talking about events in Ukraine.” The child prodigy was joined by two presenters, who used the programme to peddle the claims of the Kremlin.  READ MORE: Putin's 40-mile convoy branded 'enormously large traffic jam' Denis Polunchukov, one of the presenters, reportedly claimed that the images circulating on social media were faked. He said: “There are many images about a war in Ukraine but actually these are from other war conflicts. “Some images are even from computer games.” Mr Polunchukov added: “There is a lot of misinformation. A rocket has hit a kindergarten, a column of tanks has been broken, a plane has been shot down and other information from social media.  “Absolutely when you get this information from social media, it is very important to verify the source.” Ms Khomenko asked innocent questions, and the programme explained a narrative of the history of Russia and Ukraine which distorted recent historical events. It reportedly claimed that, in 2014, Nazis attacked Russian speakers, which had forced Russia to intervene. This was interspersed with interviews with women and children from eastern Ukraine.  DON'T MISS Boris told unleash £20bn war chest and terrifying weapon 'Putin fears' [REPORT] Paris explosion: At least nine hurt after blast rips through city [INSIGHT] Hysterical Rejoiners MOCK Liz Truss after EU press conference ruined [REVEAL] When Putin announced the invasion of Ukraine last Thursday, he claimed it was to “demilitarise and denazify Ukraine”. This assertion has been heavily criticised by Western leaders and Jewish groups – with some pointing to Ukraine’s democratically-elected Jewish president, Volodomyr Zelensky. In recent days, thousands of Russians have been arrested for taking to the streets across the country in protest at the war, despite strict laws prohibiting dissent. Today, the Kremlin brought in a new law which would see people accused of spreading “fake” information about Russia's armed forces jailed for up to 15 years.  The BBC has suspended the work of all its journalists in Russia as a response. Russia has also blocked Facebook, after earlier blocking Twitter,in an attempt to control the spread of information. Following Putin’s announcement last Thursday that troops would enter the sovereign country, Western leaders decried the invasion and hit back at Putin’s claims. Boris Johnson responded: “In fact, he is hurling the might of his military machine against a free and peaceful neighbour, in breach of his own explicit pledge and every principle of civilised behaviour between states” and was “redrawing the map of Europe in blood”.  In the week of fighting since the invasion, Putin has been accused of war crimes by 38 countries, including the UK. Western allies fear it is a sign of a shift in Putin's tactics towards the indiscriminate targeting of urban areas. On Tuesday, the ICC announced that it would investigated potential war crimes committed by Russia as part of the offensive. 