Fans of The Chase enjoy new episodes of the staple ITV quiz show on weekday nights, but sadly the same can’t be said for Sunday evenings. Several viewers were left frustrated this weekend when Bradley Walsh welcomed a group of Emmerdale stars and took to Twitter when they realised the episode had already aired several times before. A number of viewers all had the same complaint when they tuned into Sunday night’s celebrity edition of The Chase. Four Emmerdale cast members originally took on Paul Sinha in 2018 for a chance to win thousands of pounds for their favourite charity. Bradley grilled soap stars Amy Walsh, Mark Charnock, Matthew Wolfenden and Charley Webb with a series of fiendish general knowledge questions. However, viewers quickly grew frustrated when they realised they had seen this particular celebrity special on more than one occasion. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson crosses Russian border for The Grand Tour Twitter user R Pittaway exclaimed: “Repeat Repeat Repeat !!! Round and round this episode goes!! “How long are ITV going to constantly fill our screens with repeats on Sundays?? Thank God for Netflix.” @lastcaress1972 said: “@ITV have repeated this episode of #TheChase more times than they've repeated the b****y Harry Potter films. While Benjamin Heaton said: “I've lost count the amount of times they've repeated this episode.” Other fans have also levelled complaints at the show’s divisive celebrity specials. The Chase fan Greg tweeted: “I hate celebrity versions. 1. I don’t know who they are. “2. The laughter track is turned up to number 11. 3. Too much time is spent massaging the egos of ‘celebrities’ who I’ve never seen before and I’m not interested in.” Though, he then conceded: “Apart from that, I’m enjoying it.” DON'T MISS:NCIS LA sparks frenzy as co-stars confirm new roles [NEWS]Blue Bloods delayed: CBS drama won’t air until next month [LATEST]Y1883’s Sam Elliott admits Shea told huge lie [INSIGHT] Unfortunately, Charley was sent home when she failed to beat the Sinnerman during the second round. Her teammates all made it through to the final round, though, racking up a £14,000 jackpot for their chosen charities. Amy, Mark and Matthew went on to score an impressive 21 points, which Chaser Paul struggled to overcome. However, the gripping final round came to an end when Paul managed to match their score with just one second left on the clock. Even so, Bradley ensured the team weren’t going home empty-handed, and the celebrity guests were all given £1,000 to donate to a good cause. The most recent celebrity special aired on Boxing Day last year and featured celebrities Kate Silverton, Ruthie Henshall, Iain Stirling and Rev Richard Coles taking on all five Chasers. Fans of the quiz show can expect another team of famous faces to take on the trivia masters soon, and there’ll be five more new episodes coming up in the week. The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.