The Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) added a car to the existing models that aren’t allowed to be used when taking a test. While learner drivers are permitted to use their own cars, they must meet certain criteria in order to be accepted, reported the MEN. Now the compact model the Smart Fortwo has been designated one of the banned models, which also include: BMW Mini ConvertibleFord Ka ConvertibleToyota iQVW Beetle Convertible READ MORE: Abandoned BMW dealership full of classic cars discovered Any driver who attempts to take a driving test in one of those cars will be turned away. Official advice when taking a test using one’s own vehicle is to check with the examiner beforehand that they are happy to proceed. This is especially important if the car in question is a convertible, coupe or panel van. Some cars may be banned because they have been subject to a manufacturer recall. DON'T MISSDrivers warned when approaching junctions under new Highway Code rules [INSIGHT]Car headlights are a 'significant road safety risk' [WARNING]Motorists urged to change driving habits to save on car tax [SHOCKING] Those include certain batches of Citroen C1, Peugeot 108, Toyota Aygo, Toyota Yaris, Vauxhall ADAM and Vauxhall Corsa D. If the driving instructor's car is unavailable and the learner doesn’t own one, a hire car as long as it is fitted with dual controls and meets all the regular DVSA standards. But the car must have: - An extra interior rear-view mirror for the examiner- L plates (‘L’ or ‘D’ plates in Wales) on the front and rear- A passenger seatbelt for the examiner and a proper passenger head restraint (not a slip-on type) Earlier this year some test centres caused controversy for turning test entrants away because their car wasn’t deemed clean enough. One test centre in Blackpool left a young girl in tears after failing her due to some pencil filings left on the floor of a car before a test. After the examiner refused to get in the car, the instructor asked for a second opinion, which was refused, then the manager was contacted to no avail. The appalled father said there would not have been any reason for the examiner not to have proceeded with the test. Amid reports other students were failed due to ‘mud in a footwell’, blades of grass and even strands of hair, a Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) spokesperson said: “DVSA’s priority is to protect our customers and staff and stop the spread of Covid-19. “Guidance has been issued that cars used on driving tests must be cleaned before the test to lessen the chance of infection. “Driving tests will not go ahead if this has not been followed to ensure public safety.”