Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has dropped a hint that he may not sign a new striker in the summer after apparently playing Gabriel Martinelli up front during training sessions. The Gunners are desperately trying to secure a top-four Premier League finish this season. Arsenal started the campaign with Gabon striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang as their first-choice frontman. The former Borussia Dortmund star had enjoyed three-and-a-half fecund seasons in north London. But the player’s form dipped and he was banished from the side following a disciplinary breach, before being allowed to sever ties with the club and sign for Barcelona in January. France international Alexandre Lacazette has been leading the line since the beginning of December and has impressed on the whole. But, he too, could be heading for the Emirates Stadium exit as his contract is set to expire in the summer. MUST READ: Berbatov suggests Ronaldo's potential Man Utd exit plan - EXCLUSIVE Arsenal therefore appear to be in desperate need of reinforcements in their frontline. And they have been linked with the likes of Real Sociedad's Alexander Isak, Everton's Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Lille's Jonathan David in recent months. But Arteta could yet decide he doesn’t need any of them. According to football.london, Martinelli has been occupying a No 9 role in training. And the 20-year-old could therefore be set to solve a huge problem for the Spaniard.    Martinelli has made 24 appearances for the Gunners this season. Most of those have come on the left wing, although the Argentina international led the line when his side were beaten 2-0 by Chelsea back in August. He is known for his innate finishing ability and could therefore thrive through the middle if given an opportunity to impress in the position. And the youngster has already previously admitted he is happy to play anywhere in the attack. “I have played on the wings growing up, but I can play in the middle as well, or on the sides,” Martinelli said last month. “I can do whatever the manager wants me to do.” And he could become the team's new long-term centre-forward, though Arsenal would then surely need to recruit a new left-sided winger unless Emile Smith Rowe is to play there more often.  Martinelli will be hoping to keep his place when Arsenal host Leicester City in the Premier League on Sunday after scoring during the Gunners’ 3-2 victory over Watford last weekend. And Arteta has lauded the player ahead of the match, insisting he has it in him to be a regular goalscorer. “He’s shown big signs of where he’s moving,” Arteta told the press. “He certainly has the capacity to score goals and be a threat. His contribution and all-round game has been exceptional.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 