Premier League clubs can often pay over the odds to secure the services of top players and assemble a squad that can compete with the best. But a string of big-hitters have managed to tie some players down to less lucrative contracts. And Express Sport takes a look at four of the most under-paid stars in England's top flight. Bukayo Saka Bukayo Saka has quickly established himself as one of the most talented players in the Premier League. The winger is an influential figure in the Arsenal attack and has already played 121 times for the Gunners, despite being just 20 years old. The ace signed his latest deal in the summer of 2020, before he had shown just how good he is. And the north Londoners handed him just £30,000 per week, according to The Sun. Saka has been tipped to leave the club this summer, and manager Mikel Arteta is apparently set to offer him a new deal worth £125k per week in an attempt to get him to stay. Declan Rice Declan Rice has become one of the most accomplished midfielders in England since forcing his way into the West Ham first team. The 23-year-old has played 183 games for the Hammers and is also now a regular in Gareth Southgate’s England team. MUST READ: Newcastle join Arsenal, Spurs and Man Utd in race for Victor Osimhen But despite his successes, Rice only earns £62k per week, according to Salary Sport. That is a fraction of what some Premier League stars earn - and Rice is head and shoulders above many of the other midfielders in the top flight. Manchester United have been linked with the ace for months. And the player would see his wages increase enormously if he made the move to Old Trafford. Conor Gallagher Conor Gallagher is another talented player who doesn’t earn anywhere near the amount he could do. The 22-year-old Chelsea star has risen to prominence during a loan spell with Crystal Palace this season. He signed his last contract at Stamford Bridge in 2020 before he had made a name for himself. And, according to Salary Sport, the Blues only handed him £17k per week. Gallagher has been tipped to force his way into the Chelsea team next season. And he will surely be given new terms before then.  Anthony Elanga One man who can genuinely feel hard done by when it comes to his wages is Manchester United forward Anthony Elanga. According to Marca, the 19-year-old winger only earns £5,500 per week. His blockbuster team-mate Cristiano Ronaldo would barely have to work a couple of hours to earn what Elanga takes home over a seven-day period. Elanga has played 28 times for the Red Devils this season and will surely be keen to sign improved terms in the summer. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 