ABC are reportedly still undecided whether or not to renew The Conners for another season. Although the John Goodman-led family sitcom is still pulling in strong ratings, the show’s constant midseason breaks could convince more and more frustrated viewers to find their Wednesday night entertainment elsewhere. Season four of The Conners may not be back until Wednesday, April 6 at the earliest. The latest episode, Gas Pump, House Dump and Stew Volcano, saw Darlene (played by Sara Gilbert) and Becky (Lecy Goranson) looking for an affordable home. Meanwhile, a mishap at The Lunch Box left Jackie (Laurie Metcalf) unsure if she’s fit to run the business. The latest season of the Roseanne sequel has been met with approval after airing some of the franchise’s hardest-hitting episodes yet. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role Sadly, millions of viewers will have to wait at least another two weeks to see the next new episode of the ABC sitcom. The latest schedule has confirmed there won’t be a new episode airing next Wednesday, March 30. According to the Futon Critic, the earliest the series will be back is the following Wednesday, April 6. However, there are still no details or trailers for the next episode, so there’s a chance the latest hiatus could be even longer. This midseason break is the latest blow to the fourth season, which has featured a number of week and fortnight-long delays over the past few months. Plus, there is already considerable uncertainty surrounding the family sitcom as ABC has still refused to confirm whether or not The Conners will be back later in the year with season five. The network is reportedly undecided about the show’s fate, with The Hollywood Reporter claiming the decision could “go either way”. Although staples like Abbott Elementary, The Goldbergs, and The Wonder Years are all apparently safe, the continued adventures of the Conner family are still in the air. DON'T MISS:Jason Donovan shrugs off Neighbours’ cancellation [COMMENT]BBC viewers slam ‘pointless’ Rishi Sunak interview [REACTION]The Blacklist’s Ilya Koslov star lands major role on rival drama [LATEST] Even so, the sitcom has remained one of network television’s highest-rated comedies in the States, so fans shouldn’t start getting too worried just yet. While there is hopefully plenty more to come from Dan Conner (John Goodman) and the rest of the family, viewers are still frustrated by the lack of information on the show’s future. On Reddit, user Super_Description169 said: “The Wonder Years is a slam dunk to return? Seriously? But The Conners could go either way?” On Twitter, Lavita Alize Jenkins pleaded: “#TheConners renew that s**t for three more seasons please.” And Mona said: “I sure do love and support The Conners! I've been faithful for many years. “I am hoping for season five to be approved. Awesome job to all the hardworking people (behind and in front of the camera).” The Conners clearly has a sizeable base of dedicated fans, but there’s still all to play for once ABC starts to decide which shows will stay or go in 2022. The Conners season 4 continues Wednesdays on ABC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.