In a footballing world dominated by finances, assured certainty is still something that is very hard to buy. Paris Saint-Germain thought they had when they bought Lionel Messi, Gianluigi Donnarumma, Georginio Wijnaldum, Sergio Ramos, and Achraf Hakimi in the summer transfer window. They may have essentially assured yet another Ligue 1 title, but the French giant’s exit from the Champions League to Real Madrid is another example of the uncertainty in football. Mauricio Pochettino’s time at the Stade des Frances will surely be up at the end of the season, as will that of Ralf Rangnick at Manchester United. Both managers have likely already grasped the finitude of their respective reigns and may even have one eye on their next venture. And with Rangnick’s next destination likely being the United boardroom, the Red Devils must do everything to ensure that Pochettino’s is the Old Trafford dugout. JUST IN: Piers Morgan orders Arsenal to beat Man Utd to Chelsea's Thomas Tuchel PSG sporting director Leonardo only clarified Pochettino’s future until the end of the season, while Rangnick’s fate is sealed on the contract he signed when he first replaced Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. A frontline of Neymar, Messi, and Kylian Mbappe has only brought Pochettino pressure and scrutiny, and the Argentine would likely be liberated if he was assured the United job is his already. Pochettino’s smooth playing style took many seasons to implement at Tottenham, but a frontline as star studded and lethal as the one at his disposal at PSG demands immediate success in Europe and France. Solskjaer and Rangnick’s plights both exemplify the harsh reality that the presence of a five-time Ballon d’Or winner in Cristiano Ronaldo would be lucky to guarantee you a Champions League place, let alone the top four. READ MORE: Liverpool's Harvey Elliot names himself and one team-mate underrated Manchester City and Liverpool’s success has been devised over a significant period of time and Pochettino would likely command a similar time frame to re-establish the Red Devils’ place in the Premier League elite. Antonio Conte and Mikel Arteta’s recent displays at Tottenham and Arsenal suggest something is brimming in north London, while Chelsea will likely recover from the shock of Roman Abramovich’s sanctioning, providing a new owner enters the picture and Thomas Tuchel remains in charge. If Pochettino is the man to replace Rangnick at the end of the season, he will inherit a side brimming with quality and talent, but severely lacking in direction, confidence, and philosophy. Big personalities permeate the Old Trafford dressing room and the back-page headlines, but Pochettino’s understanding, and handling of these awkward scenarios could be stronger than that of Rangnick and Solskjaer’s put together. He may even decide there are too many personalities on the red half of Manchester, prompting a fire sale that could also be further informed by Rangnick’s experience. But a transfer exodus of some bad apples at Old Trafford would be useless if he was not granted the transfer budget and freedom to add some fresh ones. Ed Woodward’s exit in February paved the way for a new era in the United boardroom which will be spearheaded by his replacement Richard Arnold. This will also add an extra depth of unpredictability on the United front, but it is likely something which could be eased with one conversation between Pochettino and Arnold. But that conversation can only take place if Pochettino is firmly locked in as the next permanent United manager – if the Reds have decided that he is their man, then there is really no time to lose.