Footage shared on instant messaging platform Telegram showed a Ukrainian man discussing the conflict on the ground and what Ukrainian forces needed to fight back Russians. But the calm scenes quickly disappeared after a Russian jet flew overhead and launched a missile strike only a few metres away from the man. Broken glass and debris rained down around him as he quickly took cover and miraculously looked unhurt. The video was captioned: "During the recording for the needs of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, a flight arrived from the Russian Aerospace Forces." The man was delivering an update before shrieks of jets could be heard in the sky. A missile attack quickly followed as he took cover from the attack with thunderous explosions echoing in the air. Some have speculated the jet was a Su-34 bomber which have just been introduced into the fight by Russian forces.  Several of the jets have also been spotted in the skies above Kharkiv, where the man was recording from. The jets have been hitting civilian targets in the city including apartments and a school. Russia has been ramping up its attacks on several civilian targets across the country with Kharkiv being one of the worst-hit. Ukraine officials claim more than 2,000 civilians have been killed so far.  Russian forces are also closing in on the capital Kyiv with a convoy in the north gaining ground. Russia is expecting to discuss a ceasefire with Ukraine in Belarus on Thursday following an earlier peace talk on Monday, according to Russian news agencies. The United Nations held a vote on Wednesday to ask members whether they wanted to condemn the actions in Ukraine. DON'T MISS Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated [INSIGHT] Biden humiliated as Putin set for major new energy deal [REPORT] Ancient Egypt breakthrough after prehistoric discovery: 'World's first [REVEAL]  The UN resolution said the UN “deplores in the strongest terms the aggression by the Russian Federation against Ukraine”. It also called for “the Russian Federation immediately cease its use of force against Ukraine” and “immediately, completely and unconditionally withdraw all of its military forces”. The vote concluded with 141 of the 193 member states voting for the resolution, 35 abstained and five voting against. Russian UN representative Vasily Nebenzya said Western forces had been putting pressure on countries to vote for the amendment and were using "open and cynical threats". 