 BBC’s Call The Midwife writer Heidi Thomas is married to one of the show’s stars Stephen McGann, who plays Dr Turner in the series. In a recent interview, the actor opened up about his working relationship with his wife Heidi. Stephen confessed it’s not always easy, noting Heidi is sometimes “terrified” to give him a script.    Stephen chatted all about his love for Call the Midwife on the WNET UP NEXT podcast. The star detailed how he and Heidi manage while working on the same TV project. Stephen revealed that despite being married to Heidi, he never gets to have early access to Call the Midwife scripts. The actor confessed he’s “not allowed” to peek over his wife’s shoulder when she’s busy writing new storylines for the period drama. READ MORE: Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show  Stephen explained he receives his scripts from the production office at the same time as his co-stars. He admitted it can be a tense moment when he finally gets to read the storylines for the first time as Heidi is often worried about what he’ll think. The actor revealed: “Heidi always says, 'I get really nervous because I know he's got the script now.’ “So it turns away instantly from her being like, 'No, you're not allowed to look, you're not allowed to know' to she then gets terrified: 'Oh, I wonder will he like it? Will he not like it? Will he think it's terrible? Will he think it's good?’” he said.    Stephen confessed Heidi listens in closely at the door when he reads through his scripts in their bedroom. “What she’s listening in for is one of two things,” he explained. Stephen continued: “She wants to hear that I laugh at the funny bits and she wants to hear if it moves me.” The actor confessed he often becomes overwhelmed with emotions while reading the scripts. DON'T MISS...Top Boy’s Sully star Kane Robinson speaks out on season 2 finale [INSIGHT]‘Humiliated!’ The Apprentice star not invited to finale spin-off [MUST SEE]A Place in the Sun buyers leave halfway through property viewing [WATCH]  He revealed: “All too often, 40 minutes in, I'll have tears running down my cheeks. “I’ll go, 'Alright you can come in! How do you do this to me? Heidi, you make me cry!’ “She always does the same thing, she goes, 'Yes!' If she knows she's made me cry, she knows it's going to be ok and she's really pleased,” the actor admitted. Call the Midwife season 11 drew to a close last month and fans are already keen to see more adventures from the team at Nonnatus House.    Viewers will be pleased to know Heidi’s been busy writing new heartfelt stories as season 12 is on the horizon. Season 12 is expected to air in 2023, but that won’t be the end of Call the Midwife. The hit period drama has also been given the green light by the BBC for the thirteenth season, which is to follow in 2024. Call the Midwife is available to stream on BBC iPlayer. 