Arsenal took a major leap towards securing a Champions League spot for next season as they moved above Manchester United and into the top four of the Premier League, but Roy Keane still thinks that they have a 'problem'. Former Manchester United star Roy Keane has commented on what he believes to be Arsenal's 'problem' despite the fact they beat Watford 3-2. Arsenal leap-frogged United to move into the top four on Sunday, and that's where they will stay until at least next Saturday as United were thumped 4-1 by Manchester City. The Gunners also have three games in hand on United, effectively meaning that finishing in the top four is now out of their hands as their season could be made worse. But Keane is seemingly still confident as he has highlighted Arsenal's major 'problem' despite their form.  JUST IN: Man Utd players ‘angry’ after Cristiano Ronaldo fails to show for Man City clash Arsenal dominated Watford for the majority of their clash at Vicarage Road on Sunday, but still only scraped through with a 3-2 victory as they conceded late. And this is what Keane is worried about for Arsenal, as he said: "This is Arsenal, poor defending, White has to do better there and it’s a problem for them (Arsenal)." Summer signing Ben White was easily beaten by former Tottenham man Moussa Sissoko who made for a nervy ending against against the Gunners. Although Arsenal invested heavily in their defence over the summer, they still appear fragile at the back, and it's down to their own mistakes that they conceded to both Watford and Wolves in the last two Premier League matches.  DON'T MISSBarcelona's ridiculous XI if Erling Haaland and three other players join Xavi's team [OPINION]Roy Keane bites back at Gary Neville over Cristiano Ronaldo before Man City vs Man Utd [QUOTES]Man Utd 'add boss mentioned by Paul Scholes to shortlist' despite Erik ten Hag 'agreement' [REPORT] But they have still won both games and Mikel Arteta's side are in excellent form, as their attacking play continues to bail them out on a consistent basis. Arteta did comment on his sides poor defensive display though, as he said following their victory: "We have to be very honest with ourselves and our defensive structure was not good enough today. "We allowed some chances and it is something we will work on." But Arteta did defend his squad also, and is positive that they are improving over time, as he added: "We are getting better and better, the understanding between the players is getting better and we should have scored more today.  "I see how willing they [the players] are every day to train and improve. I think they are enjoying playing together and when some days, it is not your best day, you somehow manage to win and that is important." Keane may have been critical of Arsenal before United played City, but his attention was firmly on the Red Devils after they were thumped 4-1 by their arch-rivals. The Irishman was brutal in his assessment of United's performance, as he said: "They're so far behind the other teams. You hear noises all the time about things going on in the dressing room with a new manager coming in but your own bit of pride eventually has to kick in at some stage. "There were five or six players there who should never play for Manchester United again. It was shameful."  Arsenal are in the best position for a top four finish, as they are ahead of both United and West Ham who have both played three more games than the Gunners. They are also six points clear of Tottenham, who have played the same amount of games as their north London rivals, and they still have to meet for one final derby before the end of the season. 