The announcement was released on Tuesday afternoon that stated that BBC studios, a commercial branch of the BBC, will no longer sell broadcasting rights for its programmes in Russia. The public broadcaster is also due to demand that Russian networks pull the transmission of shows such as The Green Planet and Dancing with the Stars whose rights have already been bought for the remaining episodes.  A spokesperson for the BBC stated: “In common with other media organisations, we have been monitoring events closely. “The BBC’s executive team were meeting today, and they have decided to stop all content licensing to Russian customers.” The statement from the BBC followed that of the earlier statement released by The Producers Alliance for Cinema and Television (PACT). The film and TV association that represents approximately 700 production companies, urged its members to suspend trading and working with Russia.   The statement read: “PACT expresses our deepest sympathy for the people of Ukraine, and in particular our colleagues working in Ukraine’s film and television sector. “Along with other industry organisations, PACT calls for a cessation of hostilities in Ukraine and for a resolution of conflict by diplomatic means respecting the rule of law and the rights of the Ukrainian people.” It continued: “International sanctions are being implemented against the Russian Government. “Whilst PACT sympathises with Russian creatives who do not have the same freedoms and safeguards that we enjoy in the United Kingdom, Pact has removed all Russian production and business information from its website and calls on members to suspend all cooperation and trade with Russia for the time being. READ MORE:'Go f*** yourself!' Captain refuses to fuel Russian ship “PACT joins the call of millions in expressing our fervent hope for peace.” Other major entertainment companies such as Warner Bros and The Walt Disney Company have paused the release of their films in Russia due to the conflict in Ukraine. The boycotts began after a petition by the Ukrainian Film Academy that called for entertainment companies to cease business with Russian organisations. The Cannes Film Festival is often attended by Russia’s elite and has escalated the boycotts by banning admittance to those who have connections to President Putin’s regime. DON'T MISS:Adil Ray in Brexit dig over Ukraine 'Left EU but can't make decision!' (REACTION)Piers Morgan bids farewell after 'ruffling feathers' in new project (INSIGHT)Poland 'under attack' – fears for Ukraine's neighbour over Ukraine war (ANALYSIS)  The UK Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries also announced on Tuesday that “the French satellite which broadcasts Russia Today (RT) in both the EU and the UK will be switched off. “This means RT will no longer be available via Sky.” YouTube had previously announced that it would put a ban on RT and Sputnik channels in Europe. 