Arsenal must forget about matches against the likes of Tottenham and Manchester United and focus on beating the smaller sides, according to Gary Neville. Arsenal are aiming to finish in the Premier League top four for the first time since 2016. The Gunners have been out of the Champions League since the end of the 2016/17 season. They currently sit fourth, one point clear of United with two matches in hand. Tottenham are three points behind and have played one more game than Mikel Arteta's side. Arsenal lost 2-0 to title-chasing Liverpool on Wednesday and face a trip to Aston Villa this Saturday. Speaking after Wednesday's defeat, Neville explained how matches against the likes of Villa are far more important than those against their rivals for the top four. He said on the Gary Neville podcast: "I think Arsenal can be proud of how they played [against Liverpool]. READ MORE: Calvert-Lewin sends message to Mikel Arteta as Arsenal hunt summer transfer  "The most important thing is they've got to respond on Saturday at Villa. They've got Chelsea to come, they've got United to come, they've got Tottenham to come. "Forget about that, it's the Villas they have to win. Manchester United have got big games they have to play as well, they have to go to Anfield and they have to play Chelsea as well. "So they've both got those big games to play, it will be how they do against the Aston Villa aways of this world which will really define whether they will finish in the top four." Arsenal are yet to pick up a single point against the Premier League top three this season. Neville's Sky Sports colleague Jamie Carragher agrees that won't matter at the end of the season if the Gunners collect enough points in the other matches. DON'T MISSKlopp's 'proud' message to Rashford as Liverpool 'eye' move for Man Utd star [GOSSIP]Ian Wright in foul-mouthed Marcus Rashford rant after Man Utd star's statement [SOCIAL]Alan Shearer and six other pundits left humiliated as Chelsea predictions emerge [QUOTES]  Carragher said: "The fight for Arsenal is to get into the top four. Forget Chelsea, Liverpool and Man City. "The results have been poor against them. It doesn't matter what your results are like against certain teams - it's how many points you get [at the end of the season]. "And they're in a fight with Tottenham, and they're in a fight with West Ham, and Manchester United. The difference [on Wednesday] when I watch Arsenal is I think Arsenal are a better team than United and Tottenham but they've got individuals who can do special things, like Harry Kane and [Heung-min] Son, or [Cristiano] Ronaldo."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here