Cleaning your shower can be done in just a few simple steps with everything from baking soda to bleach known to do the job in an instant. While these popular ingredients are a staple for most household cleaning tasks, using them in the wrong place could have quite the opposite effect on your home. These are the three items you should avoid using to clean different surfaces in your shower. This powerful cleaning agent has many uses around the home, but its impressive germ-fighting abilities can do more harm than good when used incorrectly If you’re looking for a quick yet effective clean shortly before using your shower, you should always steer clear of household bleach. Using this pungent formula to scrub shower screens and basins could cause harmful fumes to linger if left for an extended period of time. When cleaning your shower with bleach, you should never: READ MORE: How to grow potatoes: The mistake that could make your potatoes poison Keeping your shower tiles gleaming is easy to do with a drop of bleach but it could be causing long term damage to the tiling and grout. Overusing this powerful liquid can cause the ceramic and grout to erode overtime as more and more tiny holes appear with each use. Swap out the bleach for mild dish soap and baking soda for a gentle yet effective cleaning solution. To clean tile grout: To clean tiles: Mould and mildew are commonly found on the lower silicone seals used in shower cubicles. While powerful bleach might seem like the most effective solution, you should avoid it at all costs if you want a long term solution to the problem. Over time, the harsh chemicals used in bleach can weaken the silicone surface, allowing more moisture to get into the material. Excess moisture provides the perfect breeding ground for mould, worsening the problem rather than solving it. Swap bleach for a white vinegar solution to douse the silicone seal strips and target existing mould spores. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ 2p hack for cleaning blinds [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘no scrubbing’ method to clean burnt saucepans [REVEAL]Why is my dishwasher not cleaning properly? The 3 possible reasons [ANALYSIS] While this versatile baking ingredient works wonders on shower basins, you should never use it to clean up plastic or glass shower screens. The coarse texture of baking soda makes it a natural exfoliator which can leave your shower looking scratched and untidy, rather than sparkling clean.Instead, you should make use of non-toxic liquid cleansers such as white vinegar or lemon juice. To make your own natural screen polish, combine equal parts white vinegar and water in an empty spray bottle before adding the juice of half a lemon. Spritz the solution generously, wipe away with a squeegee and finish by buffing the screen with a clean cloth. Essential oils and baby oil have both staked their claim in household cleaning, but these natural products could make your shower unnecessarily slippery. While these fresh-scented ingredients are perfect for polishing taps, shower heads and tiles, you should always avoid using them on the basin of your shower. The danger lies in the light weight of oil which makes it sit on top of water. While you may think you are washing away the oily products, you might not be doing a very thorough job. Keep oil cleansers off of your shower floor and use a simple sprinkling of baking soda to wash away stubborn dirt instead. This popular powder is known for its odour-fighting properties, so there’s no need to add fragrant products to the mix either.