Coronation Street actress Debbie Rush, has undergone a dramatic transformation since she joined the cobbles in 2008 as Anna Windass. But she caught the attention of fans after she dropped an incredible four dress sizes in just under four an a half months, going from a size 16 to a size 8. And it was all down to dedicating herself to exercise for the very first time in her life and giving her diet a complete overhaul. Debbie became a firm fan-favourite as frumpy Anna on the long-running ITV soap, and it appeared she and her character shared many similarities when it came to their dress sense; always opting to wear baggy cardigans and tracksuits when out and about. Admitting she let the pounds creep on, Debbie's weight soared to just over 11 stone and Debbie revealed she was "horrified" and "depressed" at how much weight she had gained. And after some paparazzi photos surfaced of her one summer, the actress decided enough was enough. She said: "After seeing some awful photos of my bulging and bloated figure I knew I'd really let myself go, I was so ashamed of my belly. I was in tears. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure "It was so big I couldn't see my feet and being short in height I was turning into a little barrel! I knew I had to do something about it." The mum-of-three ditched the pounds by following a "sensible and steady" plan that sees her workout three times a week. She uses a full range of exercises to keep her body in shape, including cardio and strength training to tone up muscle. Back in 2010, she said: "I turned to athlete Andy Titterall (an ex-rugby international) who's an expert on sports science, to show me a routine I could do on my own at home. "I decided to go down this route because you never see an untoned or overweight athlete. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "I've been doing my workout three times a week for over four months now, and the weight has really dropped off." She added: "I'm confident it will stay off too because I've been slimming down over a sensible, steady period." Debbie stated she lives by a "no-nonsense" mix of training methods and dating habits to ensure she doesn't over-eat. And she even swaps calories-loaded alcoholic drinks for slimmer options when she goes out. "I've been using a simple no-nonsense mix of cardio and body weight exercises like the plank and press ups that really work," she said. "I've also tackled my eating habits and ditched Corrie's gorgeous canteen cooking - no more Hot Pots for me! "I've swapped chocolate, chips with curry sauce and desserts for healthier veggie crudités or olives, and I'm eating smaller portions. "I've also swapped beer for vodka and slimline tonic when I go out." Following her hugely successful transformation, Debbie released her own workout DVD in 2011. "Once I put my mind to changing the way I looked and found a routine I could do at home which I loved, it was surprisingly easy to get my figure back." The TV star added: "Now I want to share my exercise secrets and show other real women just like me how to blitz away their body bulge! "This workout can help you wear the clothes you really want, with results that last."