German tennis star Eva Lys has hit out at her fellow Russian counterparts after she claimed they 'make fun' of the current situation that continues to mar the world. Russian troops moved into the Donetsk-Luhansk region of Ukraine last Thursday after years of conflict in the east of the country. Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered the attack on their neighbours in a shocking move last week. And the invasion has seen multiple deaths on both sides of the border, with many Ukrainians having to flee their homes for asylum elsewhere. It would be thought that Russian athletes around the world would be empathetic towards their Ukrainian counterparts, given the horrific scenes over the last nine days. But Lys has claimed that the opposite is occurring - with Russian stars actively making fun of the situation at the ITF Kazakhstan tournament this week. "I want to get one thing straight: it [Ukraine-Russian conflict] is awful and I'm not going to sugarcoat it," Lys told Eurosport. "It's terrible. For example, I have a picture of a friend of my mother's sleeping in the subway with her little daughter. When we talk on the phone, the bombs can be heard through the phone. "Humans are helpless in the face of attacks, but they are incredibly brave." Yet despite the efforts of the Ukrainian citizens in the face of adversity, Lys said Russians have even been dressing controversially. "Many Russian players who are here show disrespect to those affected by the Ukraine war," Lys admitted. "They laugh about it, make fun of it, some demonstratively put on tracksuits in the Russian national colors. "It is all the more important that we spread widely what is really happening there. "First of all, I think it's very good that the tennis associations ITF, WTA and ATP acted quickly - and rightly so. "Tennis pros don't embody a country in the same way that national teams do. So I think it's right to ban Russian teams to send a crystal clear message. "And I think it's good that flags or the reference to Russia are removed in tennis, but the individual professionals are allowed to play." Lys lost 4-6, 4-6 to Linda Noskova in the last-16 of the tournament on Thursday.