Dan Walker admitted he was so nervous ahead of his Strictly Come Dancing stint, he felt his “stomach folding in”. The BBC Breakfast host recalled thinking “I really don’t want to be here”. Speaking to Strictly FM’s Fred Morgan during an Instagram live today, Dan explained: ”The most challenging thing for me was, having been somebody who has always avoided a dancefloor, I did feel a little bit uncomfortable and weird. “The very first week we met for the first time, and did our interviews. “I remember filming in the tin foil tunnel, you know when they show your VTs with that shot of you dancing in the tunnel? “I had that stomach-folding-in-on-itself-feeling of, ‘I really don’t want to be here, this is all the things I hate about dancing.’ “But over the weeks I became much more confident and I really enjoyed it - I think that came across.” Dan said his “proudest moment” of the series was simply staying in as long as he did and making it through to the quarter-finals, because he thought he would last three weeks maximum. He added that a highlight was spending time with talented Nadiya Bychkova and learning to appreciate her craft. “I got to learn from one of the best dancers in the world,” he said. “Honestly, we really got on. I loved it at the end of the series, she said she felt she could be herself for the first time. “That’s lovely, that’s a sign of the depth of our friendship. We are still good friends now, and that will continue for a very long time.” Dan and Nadiya recently reunited on the dancefloor to perform the Charleston at a charity event. In some sweaty selfies, Dan admitted he was “broken” after a gruelling rehearsal. READ MORE... Kate Humble was 'vile' to husband Ludo amid work struggle [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid ‘sacrificing extra work projects to find a new beau' [NEWS]Louise Minchin, 53, braves freezing cold temperatures in swimwear [NEWS] “The dance session with @nadiyabychkova followed a similar pattern to all our other ones,” he wrote on Instagram. “Early excitement, great fun, chocolate biscuits, totally broken at the end. “See you in Leeds partner.” Former rugby player Rob Burrow hosted a fundraiser for the Motor Neurone Disease Association, and Dan’s BBC Breakfast co-star Sally Nugent also performed. Updating his fans after the event, Dan penned: “What an incredible night at the @burrowstrictlyball in Leeds. “So much love for Rob and his family, so much generosity from everyone and some amazing dancing. "@sallynugenttv’s salsa was OFF THE SCALE brilliant. “She was so good despite the nerves. Rob is the only person she would have done that for."