The bank is sounding the alarm after one of its customers reached out to the financial institution over Twitter. In this particular situation, the customer received a scam text which attempted to convincingly impersonate Lloyds. The fraudulent message posed as an update from the bank after a new payment recipient had supposedly been set up by the customer. A Twitter user named Tom tweeted Lloyds a screenshot of a text he received, writing: “Scam texts going around again.” The text stated: “LLOYDS BANK: New recipient ‘MR S CROSS’ was added successfully on 01/03 at 1:50PM. If this was not you, remove now.” Attached to the text was a weblink, supposedly from Lloyds Bank, which was there for Tom to “remove” the number. After receiving this message, the bank replied: “Thanks for getting in touch to let us know about this latest batch of scam texts. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim “If you block the sender and delete the text, this should prevent you from receiving more from that number. “You can also report this to your network provider by forwarding it to 7726.” On its website, Lloyds provides advice for its customers about the best course of action to take when faced with an obvious yet dangerous scam. The bank states: “Keep your money and details safe. Never move money, make a payment or give personal or banking details for a message that comes out of the blue. DON'T MISS  “Click with care. Only click on a link or download an attachment if you’re sure it’s genuine. “Look at the spelling and layout. If it has mistakes or looks odd in any way, don’t reply and delete.” Lloyds added: “Take your time. A scam may use warnings or threats to try to get you to act without thinking. “Double-check before you pay. Confirm payment details before you pay an invoice or bill. “Call the person or business on a number you trust, not one from an invoice or message.” Any customers who receive a similar message are encouraged to report their case directly to Lloyds Bank. Last month, the Treasury Committee published its findings into the state of fraud across the financial services and banking sectors, and beyond. The group of cross-party MPs’ report called on the Government to legislate against online fraudulent adverts and seriously consider whether online giants should reimburse those who fall victim to scams on their platforms. Furthemore, the Committee is urging for the Government to legislate when it comes to reimbursements for ‘authorised push payment fraud payment’ to assist victims further when they are targeted by fraudsters. Vim Maru, the group director for Retail Bank at Lloyds Banking Group, outlined why the UK Government’s move to tackle scams more efficiently are welcome. He said: “Fraud is now the UK’s most common crime. With over two-thirds of all scams starting online, it’s clear that this has to be a joined up effort. “We support the recommendations from the Treasury Select Committee that seek to enhance the combined efforts of government, financial services and big technology companies to prevent fraud from happening in the first place, and ensure innocent victims of scams always receive the protection they deserve.”