The best places to belt out a hit include in the car (32 percent), whilst cleaning (29 percent), and when taking a bath or shower (25 percent) - although two-thirds (65 percent) wished they could sing better. In a bid to encourage Brits to belt out a tune, Speakers’ Corner in London’s Hyde Park is being transformed into Singers’ Corner, with Myleene Klass, and English National Opera and Royal Opera House tenor Nicky Spence, officially opening the stage. Images captured today (Tuesday) in Hyde Park show the moment the talented duo opened it up to the public, with Nicky leading free masterclasses to help aspiring singers add some vibrato to their vocals. The unveiling of Singers’ Corner marks the launch of new show, “Anyone Can Sing”, which premiers on March 30 on Sky Arts, and follows six amateurs discovering all the joys of singing as they build the skills and confidence they need to perform to a live audience - in just three months. Myleene Klass said: “Anyone can sing, there are just different degrees. My top tip to singing is to smile. It helps to lift the palette. “If you're singing flat it can sharpen the sound. When singers are smiling, they're using a mechanism to make themselves sound better. “People love to sing in a secret place, in the car or in the shower. In our heads, we are all Mariah Carey. “My secret singing place is in the shower. There is something about it. The acoustics are second to none with no furnishings. It's the echo. We're all free. It's just a really nice feeling. “When we are happy we sing. It's really primal, and everyone can do it.” The research also revealed the top sing-a-long tune to be “Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen (30 percent), followed by the British rock band’s “Bohemian Rhapsody” (28 percent). Opera (22 percent), rap (19 percent), heavy metal (14 percent) and hip-hop (12 percent) are the genres people enjoy most. And when it comes to getting the lyrics right, nearly half (44 percent) like to make sure they know a song word-for-word - with just 16 percent making it up as they go along. It also emerged more than half (54 percent) of those who enjoy bursting into song said it makes them happy when they do so, and 44 percent agreed it helps relieve stress. Myleene Klass added: “Regardless of your ability, singing is exhilarating, de-stressing, and can act as a brilliant mood and confidence booster. “It helps us stand tall, breathe deeply and most importantly, have fun. That’s why I’m inviting everyone to come and belt out a tune at Singers’ Corner today to discover all the feel-good joys of singing. “With a bit of practice and performative spirit you can improve pretty quickly, and that’s why I’m encouraging everyone to take to the Singers’ Corner stage today. “Regardless of how you sing, belting out a tune has equal benefits to all, and can act as a great mood booster.” The study also found almost half (45 percent) of Brits have been told, at one time or another, they’ve got a good singing voice - regardless of what they think themselves. But despite the stress-relieving benefits of singing, three in ten (31 percent) have been put off singing out loud after having their confidence knocked by someone who said they couldn’t carry a tune. As a result, nearly half (48 percent) are embarrassed to sing in front of others, and 31 percent prefer to crack a tune with a chorus of voices, rather than go it solo. The research, conducted via OnePoll, found 69 percent believe it’s important to sing, even if only a little bit. Phil Edgar-Jones, director of Sky Arts, added: “When I was at primary school and tried to get into the school choir, I was told my voice wasn’t good enough and I needed to mime. “I haven’t sung since - until now. “Anyone Can Sing” aims to unlock the vocalist inside us all, regardless of ability. It’s all about the joy of the voice, and we invite anyone who wants to sing to come and join us to give it a go.”