In a poll that ran from 10am on Sunday, March 6, to 8am on Monday, March 7, Express.co.uk asked: “Do you think Meghan and Harry should bring Lilibet to meet the Queen?” A total of 7,639 people cast their votes, and hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article in a lively debate. Overwhelmingly, the majority of voters – 81 percent (4,896) – said “no” Meghan and Harry should not bring Lilibet to meet the Queen. Just 22 percent (1,048) said “yes” they should and a further two percent (119) said they didn’t know. In the comments, it was clear that many felt that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle had damaged relationships with the rest of the Royal Family too much. Username Mal02Lorca said: “They have totally disrespected the Queen and the family. “They then call their daughter the Queen's pet name, totally despicable.” Others felt that the Sussexes may use the visit as a “PR stunt”. Username JanetWCQ1958 said: “Not if it means they are using her as an excuse to get the security they are demanding. Make a private visit by all means but don't use it as a PR stunt.” And username sutty61 wrote that in their opinion: “If they wanted to bring her they would have done it ages ago. The only way they'd ever bring her I'd if they would gain something from it monetary wise or promotional wise.” Meanwhile, username Budbud said: “If Harry and Meghan had truly wanted the Queen to have met Lilibet, they would have already done so, privately, and returned home to California without the public finding out about it until after the fact.” Others agreed that if they were to bring Lilibet to meet the Queen it should be a private affair. Username Nells said: “I think the Queen would like to see them, so do it privately because we all know they have publicity don't we?” And username MrsMitchell wrote: “I very sadly had to vote NO to them bringing the wee lass to meet her great-gran. “I would like the Queen to meet her new great-granddaughter in person but the Henrys would make such a spectacle of it and their presence that I have to hope it doesn't happen.” Their daughter Lilibet ‘Lili’ Diana Mountbatten-Windsor was born on June 4, 2021 in the US. When Lilibet was born, there were Covid travel restrictions in place, but recently there have been questions over whether the family will bring her to the UK to meet her namesake the Queen. Lilibet is the Queen’s twelfth great-grandchild and was named after the Monarch’s childhood family nickname.