Weeds can be a problem all year round, with annual weeds germinating at the end of spring. Luckily, there are different methods gardeners can try to help get rid of weeds as well as prevent them coming back, including aerating the soil in the garden. Genna Lorraine, gardening expert at Fantastic Services, explained: “To manage weeds, mulch the soil. “It blocks sunlight from weed seeds, inhibits their growth and helps retain moisture.” March is the perfect time to mulch and is one of the best things gardeners can do to their garden for spring. The expert said: “Mowing the lawn can also be an effective deterrent. READ MORE: Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how “The plants will wilt and stop producing seeds, which will eliminate them. Just make sure you attach a basket to your mower rather than tossing the clippings onto the grass.” Gardeners may be getting their mowers out again this month as the weather gradually gets warmer, which means it is the perfect time to eliminate grass weeds. However, it isn’t just the lawn where weeds can appear, they can also grow on driveways and patios. Genna explained: “Pouring boiling water on weeds can instantly kill them, as well as any seeds that may be dormant in the soil. DON'T MISS:Phil Spencer: Questions to ask when moving or extending [EXPERT]Monty Don shares the ‘one rule’ to follow when pruning the garden [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to get grout looking ‘brand new’ in ‘minutes’ [INSIGHT] “It’s brilliant for walkways, garden paths and driveways but not lawns. “Annual weeds should be taken care of before they have the chance to set seed. “Consider pulling them out of the ground after the rain has softened the soil, so you get the complete root systems. “If you have a weed problem and don’t mind using chemicals, consider a systemic weed killer. “You can spray or dab this onto dry leaves in the summer when it doesn’t look like it’ll rain for a while.” For those who don’t have the time to battle the weeds for good, the gardening expert recommended not allowing them to generate. To do this, gardeners can cut the weed heads off with a string trimmer or grass whip. Genna added: “Keep your garden edges trimmed to cut down on weeds. “You’ll want to keep an eye on not only the edges of your lawns but also around posts and fencing. “Watch for weeds near planting beds too.” Another effective way of getting rid of “pesky weeds” is to aerate the soil. This is because the majority of weeds grow and flourish when the soil is compacted which restricts water and air. This prevents nutrients from getting into the soil. To aerate the soil, gardeners can simply use a tool to poke holes into the ground, often using a plug aerator or spike aerator. This job can also be done on the lawns to help prevent water logging and allow nutrients to reach the soil after winter. The expert continued: “If you have many weeds that won’t respond to other methods, use a weed burner. “It connects to a propane tank and burns the weeds out, removing them from the lawn for good.”