Aries is the star sign given to those whose birthdays fall between March 21 and April 19. Aries is the first sign of the Zodiac, and their element is fire, with their spirit colour aptly red. This star sign’s ruling planet is Mars they are described as “passionate and independent”. So what’s in store for them during the final week of March? When it comes to love, “Aries signs are all about initial attraction”. Astrologers say “they can sense chemistry in the first sentence uttered by a potential partner”. Someone with the star sign Aries, will also “do everything in their power to go after someone they want”. But “sometimes, they need to learn how to slow down and foster long-term connections”. READ MORE: Horoscopes: Russell Grant shares what your star sign has in store Aries is going to start the week off in doubt. Horoscope.com explains: “Today's aspect may indicate that right now you are your own worst enemy as far as a close personal relationship is concerned. “There is something in your attitude that encourages you to undermine what could be a really promising partnership. “The answer lies not in anything your partner (current or prospective) may or may not do, but within yourself. “You need to stand back and view it all from a different perspective.” DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton style: Duchess’ Caribbean wardrobe cost £35,000 [PICTURES]Intermittent fasting can produce ‘significant weight loss’ - diet plan [RESEARCH]Jamie Oliver’s American-style pancake recipe - how to make [GUIDE] As for what an Aries best love match is, there are four other signs they are compatible with. Smart, mysterious, and up for anything, Gemini's deep personality keeps Aries endlessly intrigued, while Gemini loves Aries' no-holds-barred approach to life. Balanced and low-key, Libra can rein Aries in, encouraging them to reflect on their deeper self, which can sometimes be hard to do on their own. All about action and honesty, Archers are a true passion match for Aries. Fights will likely be stormy, but since both signs are honest, they'll at least know where the other stands. Aries often sees Taurus as tame and can get exasperated by the Bull's rational, consider-all-points approach to life. But if Aries can get past that, they may just find a match that will show them how good (and steamy!) slow and steady can be. As for what an Aries love style is, “like their ruling planet Mars, Aries are hot and stormy”. “They're a combination of confidence and passion combined with temper and petulance. “Everyone who ever loves an Aries tries—unsuccessfully but excitingly—to tame them,” Horoscopes.com claims.