The Russian Duma has passed legislation allowing 15 year prison sentences for people spreading “false information” about Russian forces. It comes after Vladimir Putin passed legislation in 2021 against “foreign agents” operating in Russia, which has been used to target journalists and activists. Introduced on March 4, 2022, the law introduces fines and jail sentences for those who intentionally spread false information about the armed forces that has a serious impact, according to a statement by the lower house. Those found to have broken the new law by spreading so-called “false information” about the actions of the Russian armed forces in Ukraine face up to three years in prison. If it is published as part of an “organised group” or uses “false evidence”, the maximum sentence increases to 10 years in prison. If it leads to “serious consequences”, the perpetrators will face up to 15 years in prison. Introduced on March 4, the law introduces fines and jail sentences for those who intentionally spread false information about the armed forces that has a serious impact, according to a statement by the lower house. Those found to have broken the new law by spreading so-called “false information” about the actions of the Russian armed forces in Ukraine face up to three years in prison. If it is published as part of an “organised group” or uses “false evidence”, the maximum sentence increases to 10 years in prison. If it leads to “serious consequences”, the perpetrators will face up to 15 years in prison. Russian journalists who have quit their jobs in state media have recently said they left as a protest against the invasion of Ukraine or out of fear that they would be sent to the war zone to report. Since the invasion of Ukraine started on Thursday February 24, all journalists working in Russian national media are monitored. Eight journalists working at national television and print media spoke with The Moscow Times, with most saying the invasion came as a surprise. A journalist from the TV station “Zvezda” (the Russian armed forces’ channel) told the outlet: “We’re used to being in war zones, plus we always travel with the military, so it’s relatively safe. But this time it was horrendous.” Another journalist at the Russian Television and Broadcasting Company that airs Channel Two said that they are intentionally not following what is happening in Ukraine. They told the outlet: “I try to not think about it. I really don’t understand what’s going on there and I don’t want to understand. “They tell us that Putin had no choice and I try to believe that.” Russian reporters and presenters who have been vocal against the war on Ukraine have either quit their roles or have been removed from broadcast. St. Petersburg journalist Anna Zaslavskaya, who worked on the political program Inter-Vision, quit TV Channel 78 over her position on Ukraine. Ivan Urgant, night-time talk show host on Channel One, posted “Fear and pain. NO TO WAR” on instagram and has not been on air since. Yelena Chernenko, a well-known journalist at the newspaper Kommersant, was removed from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs pool after she signed an open letter demanding a stop to hostilities against Ukraine. Passed in 2017, Russia’s law on foreign agents requires outlets and individual journalists to provide detailed financial reports and to affix an all-caps warning to their content: “this message (material) was created and (or) distributed by a foreign media outlet, performing the functions of a foreign agent, and (or) a Russian legal entity, performing the function of a foreign agent.” Roman Anin, a veteran investigative journalist and founder of the iStories media outlet recently added to the list, told The Guardian in 2021: “This is a law that basically bans the profession. “It’s not a law about foreign agents, it’s a ban on independent journalism.” He also said he was afraid to return to Russia as “I think returning when I can be imprisoned, and that is possible, is pretty stupid”. It comes after Russian forces seized a key Ukrainian nuclear plant on Friday, causing a fire with shelling. The blaze at the Zaporizhzhia plant, located in Ukraine's southeast, was extinguished early Friday but caused fears of a catastrophic nuclear fallout. Ukrainian authorities said Russian forces had "occupied" the site, and the state nuclear regulator said the blaze was centered on a building identified as a training centre. There was some damage to the compartment of reactor No. 1 but that it did not affect the safety of the unit. The International Atomic Energy Agency said no “essential” equipment had been damaged and both Kyiv and Washington said there was no indication of an increase in radiation levels. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy accused Russian forces of purposefully targeting the Zaporizhzhia power plant, saying “they know where they are shooting”.