Red Bull’s Helmut Marko has agreed with Christian Horner over the danger Mercedes will pose in the 2022 season. He noted that Mercedes are struggling the most with porpoising issues which could be affecting their performance. However, the Austrian has predicted it’s only a "question of time” until the Silver Arrows will get on top of their issues. He said: “Ferrari are ahead. Honda – or rather Red Bull Powertrains – are second. And Mercedes, unusually, only third. Ferrari have an advantage especially in electrical power and that’s where we hope Honda will follow suit. “Chassis-wise, Mercedes have the most ‘bounce’. You can see that in the braking zone, how [Lewis] Hamilton’s head wobbles back and forth. But I also think it’s a question of time. If they can get rid of that, they can go to fine-tuning.” His comments were supported by team principal Christian Horner who has also warned of the Mercedes threat. READ MORE: Max Verstappen caught driving one-handed during Saudi GP Speaking after Saudi Arabia, Horner said he has “no feelings” about the German manufacturer's competitiveness but suggested they could soon be a danger. He said: “Obviously, I am focused on our competitiveness in what is a very intense fight with Ferrari at the moment. I have no doubt that at some point, Mercedes will join that battle but my focus is very much on our team.” Last week, Horner claimed the team had the ability to “bounce back” from their poor performances. He added: “I think until we’ve seen… a sample of three or four races, you’re not going to get a true picture of form and, of course, with the regulations being so immature, the development rate is going to be fast, it’s going to be steep, and of course a team like Mercedes – with the strength and depth that they have – will bounce back very, very quickly if they are on the back foot.” DON'T MISSRed Bull's Christian Horner has no sympathy for 'struggling' Mercedes [INSIGHT]Christian Horner makes reliability prediction about Mercedes [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen cracks up laughing at Norris' bleak McLaren admission [COMMENT] Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff has claimed the start to Mercedes' season has been “extremely painful”. However, he warned his team at Brackley will not stop until they were back fighting at the front. He said: “We're not going to rest until we are back in the mix. It's no fun at all. An exercise in humility and it's going to make us stronger in the end."