If you're able to breeze through Wordle puzzles without thinking twice, then perhaps it's time you tried Quordle. This hard-as-nails Wordle clone tasks users with figuring out four different words in nine attempts, which is a lot harder than it sounds. If you're looking for a helping hand solving those daily Quordle puzzles, then head to the bottom of the page for a selection of spoiler-free hints for Quordle 61 on March 26. The aim of Quordle is to figure out four different words in just nine attempts. Much like Wordle, you'll need to pay attention to the colour of the tiles. If the tiles turn grey, then the letter doesn't appear in the word you are guessing. If it's yellow then the letter appears, just not in that particular spot. Finally, green tiles mean the letter appears in that exact position. The twist with Quordle is that when you guess a word it will appear in all four answer boxes. You can solve them in any order, so keep an eye on all four words while you're guessing, because you may be able to knock out the third word before you've guessed the first one. One strategy is to get as many vowels in your opening guess as possible. Try words like ADIEU or AUDIO in your first attempt, as these letters are more likely to appear in more words. If you're not able to solve the first Quordle word in your second guess, then try a word with five completely different letters in order to maximise your chances of solving each puzzle. Be sure to check back with Express Online each day for all the latest Wordle and Quordle clues. Quordle hints for word 1... 1. The first word starts with the letter E. 2. The first word contains just one vowel, although it appears twice. 3. Keep your friends close, and your Quordle guesses closer. Quordle hints for word 2... 1. The second word starts with the letter F. 2. The second word contains just one vowel. 3. The second word is the name of a bird. Quordle hints for word 3... 1. The third word starts with the letter B. 2. The third word contains two vowels. 3. The third word rhymes with LIAR. Quordle hints for word 4... 1. The fourth word starts with the letter G. 2. The fourth word contains two vowels. 3. This is something farmers grow.