Tomorrow (March 24), employees will no longer be able to claim SSP from their first day of being absent as they have been able to during the pandemic. Instead, workers will be able to get their sick pay from the fourth day of their absence in what is a noticeable rule change to Covid-era work practices. As a result, employees are set to get less money if they take time off work due to illness and will have to wait longer for support, even if they contract Covid. Furthermore, Employment and Support Allowance (ESA) applicants will also be affected by the rule changes as they will have to wait seven days to put forward their claim. During the onset of the pandemic, statutory sick pay rules were changed to allow workers to receive the support if they were self-isolating or suffering from Covid. This massive change to previously existing sick pay rules were introduced over two years ago, back in March 2020. However, this will end as of March 24, 2022 due to the Government looking to return the country to some form of pre-pandemic normality. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Currently, SSP comes to £96.35 a week for those who qualify for the support by either being sick or self-isolating. The payment is administered by employers for up to 28 weeks after the first three days of illness and if workers are earning at least £120 a week. Statutory sick pay is the legally required minimum payment given to employees if they are unable to work. Despite this, some employers may give their workers more sick pay depending on their contract. As a work-related benefit payment, ESA was also affected by the original rule change to sick pay in March 2020. ESA is awarded to qualifying claimants if an illness or health condition has affected their ability to work. Those who are able to successfully claim ESA can get up to £74.70 a week, depending on their situation, and can be claimed from the eighth day someone is unable to work. In light of the pandemic, the Government made the decision to allow applicants to to make a claim from the first day they were absent from work. However, as of next week (April 1), claimants will once again have to wait seven days before putting forward a claim for ESA. Other changes to Covid-era work rules include an end to the legal requirement to self-isolate even if workers test positive for the coronavirus. Furthermore, the Government’s £500 grant to help households pay bills if the breadwinner is self-isolating was discontinued back in February. Addressing reports of a labour shortage within the UK, Thomas Pugh, an economist at RSM UK, cited the number of workers who are on sick leave as a major contributing factor to the figures. Mr Pugh explained: “The biggest reason for the drop in employment is an increase of about 420,000 in the number of ‘inactive’ people, i.e. people of working age who are not looking for work. “Of these 420,000, about half are either temporarily off sick or on long-term sick leave (a post-covid rise of about 200,000). “The rest are largely students. It’s impossible to know how many of those on long-term sick leave will return to the workforce, but some surely will. “The increase in student numbers is likely to be reversed now, as the red-hot job market discourages people from taking additional study time.”