Shane Warne has died at the age of 52, it's been confirmed. His management released a brief statement on Friday March 4 confirming his death, while he was at his villa in Thailand. Warne is widely considered one of the greatest spin bowlers in cricket history. The leg spinner is Australia's all-time leading wicket taker, notching 708 wickets in just 273 innings. But, he died on Friday March 4, his management team has confirmed. Emergency services were sent to his Thailand villa, but he died shortly afterwards. It's believed that Warne died from a heart attack, according to a statement from his management. He was found in his villa unresponsive following a suspected heart attack. The statement read: "It is with great sadness we advise that Shane Keith Warne passed away of a suspected heart attack in Koh Samui, Thailand today, Friday 4th March. "Shane was found unresponsive in his villa and despite the best efforts of medical staff, he could not be revived," it read.  "The family requests privacy at this time and will provide further details in due course." Warne's death compounds a heart-breaking week for the Australian cricket team. Legend Rod Marsh died on Thursday March 3 after a heart attack. On Friday morning, Warne tweeted: "Sad to hear the news that Rod Marsh has passed.  "He was a legend of our great game & an inspiration to so many young boys & girls. "Rod cared deeply about cricket & gave so much-especially to Australia & England players. Sending lots & lots of love to Ros & the family. RIP mate." West Indies cricket legend Sir Vivian Richards admitted he was "shocked" to hear of Warne's death. He tweeted: "Unbelievable. I am shocked to the core. This can't be true... "Rest In Peace, @ShaneWarne. There are no words to describe what I feel right now. A huge loss for cricket." Meanwhile, England hero Ian Bell revealed that Warne was his cricketing hero growing up. "There are no words. A hero growing up and the greatest player I ever played against. "I can’t believe it. My thoughts are with his loved ones."