It comes after Russia's Foreign Ministry spokeswoman claimed the US has been carrying out biological programmes in Ukraine. She also claimed that the Kremlin had documents to back up the claim that the components of these deadly biological weapons are near the Ukraine-Russia border. The spokeswoman said: "We know they were looking for opportunities to develop these weapons. "We have found these weapons. We have found your developments, we have found your biological materials that were developed, among other things, for military purposes. "And all of that was found in Ukraine. What were you doing there...under the cover of scientific developments". Mr Elwood, a former Army captain, fears that this is a "despicable pretext that Russia may use to justify their own chemical or biological attack in Ukraine". But he also suggested that Russia could carry out other attacks on the West, just like it was accused of doing in 2018, when Sergei and Yulia Skripal were poisoned with a nerve agent in Salisbury. He told Express.co.uk: "This cannot be the war Putin expected to fight. "He will be ever conscious of the growing chorus of Russian elites who now see him as a long term liability – with no prospect of Russia rejoining the global economy until he’s gone. "Therefore, expect Putin to bunker down and stoop low silencing any critics, both in Russia and beyond, using similar ruthless techniques used in Salisbury in 2018." Following the 2018 suspected attack, the Government accused Russia of attempted murder and announced a series of punitive measures against Russia, including the expulsion of diplomats. The UK's official assessment of the incident was supported by 28 other countries which responded similarly. Altogether, an unprecedented 153 Russian diplomats were expelled by the end of March 2018. READ MORE: Musk humiliates Putin after Russia threaten to block US from old tech Russia denied the accusations, expelled foreign diplomats in retaliation for the expulsion of its own diplomats, and accused Britain of the poisoning. The latest threat comes as Russia's brutal invasion of Ukraine has prompted the West to slap harsh sanctions that have battered Russia's economy, likely to impact the Russian people. But Mr Elwood is not the only one who fears Russia could take revenge and launch another terrifying chemical attack in Britain. Author and investigative journalist Carole Cadwalladr pointed out that Russia was furious that former Prime Minister Theresa May condemned Russia's annexation of Crimea back in 2014. She wrote: "This is how Russia responded. With a clear, overt threat. She specifically called out Russia’s illegal invasion of Crimea. And Russia invoked Crimea in response. DON'T MISS Ukraine war sparks UK food shortage fears for millions over export ban [REPORT] Germany RULES OUT Gas sanctions and Russian energy deemed 'essential' [REVEAL] Sturgeon slammed for blocking UK energy lifeline during Russia crisis [INSIGHT] "Four years later, Russia used a banned unconventional chemical weapon in heart of UK military establishment: Salisbury." "I’ve always thought the attack on Skripal was about more than taking out an ex-Russian spy. "This is Salisbury. It’s the base of Britain’s military, just outside its biggest training ground. "It wasn’t (only) a botched assassination. It was a warning." The nerve agent used was a chemical weapon, different to a biological weapon. The Institute for Policy studies describes chemical weapons as: "inanimate poisonous substances that incapacitate, injure, or kill through their toxic effects on the skin, eyes, lungs, blood, nerves, or other organs. It explains that biological weapons "are infectious or toxic agents (such as bacteria, rickettsia, and viruses) that are derived from natural sources and can cause disease or death".