In a statement published today, the foreign secretary said: "The unjustifiable action taken against the UK-based NGO Hong Kong Watch is clearly an attempt to silence those who stand up for human rights in Hong Kong". Ms Truss said: "The Chinese Government and Hong Kong authorities must respect the universal right to freedom of speech, and uphold that right in Hong Kong in accordance with international commitments, including the Joint Declaration". "Attempting to silence voices globally that speak up for freedom and democracy is unacceptable and will never succeed." It comes after UK-based watchdog Hong Kong Watch said that Hong Kong’s Security Bureau has threatened its founder with prison and fines for allegedly breaching the city’s national security law. In the letter, seen by Hong Kong's Free Press and published on the NGO’s website, Hong Kong Watch is accused of collusion with foreign forces, warning of up to life imprisonment and a fine of HKD100,000.  The letter read: "Criminal investigation reveals that ‘Hong Kong Watch’ has been engaging in activities seriously interfering in the affairs of the HKSAR and jeopardising national security of the People’s Republic of China. “Such acts and activities, including lobbying foreign countries to impose sanctions or blockade and engage in other hostile activities against the People’s Republic of China or the HKSAR, and seriously disrupting the formulation and implementation of laws or policies by the HKSAR Government or by the Central People’s Government, constitute the Collusion Offence contrary to Article 29 of the National Security Law.” A further letter, on March 10, warned the group's Chief Executive Benedict Rogers not to disclose any details about the case. The letter said: "You are reminded to keep confidential any information pertaining to the case and not to make any disclosure that may prejudice investigation or other law enforcement action by the Hong Kong Police Force". READ MORE: China imposes city-wide Covid lockdown – cases highest in two years   The NGO website is reportedly partially blocked in Hong Kong among fears of rising internet censorship in the city. A handful of other pro-democracy and Taiwan-linked websites have also reportedly become inaccessible in Hong Kong since the implementation of Beijing's National Security Law two years ago. Benedict Rogers, Hong Kong Watch's CEO, said: “If this is not just a technical malfunction, and Hongkongers will no longer be able to access our website because of the National Security Law, then this is a serious blow to internet freedom". He added: “With the steady drip of website removals, there are fears that China could begin introducing its Great Internet Firewall into the city. With time this could have serious ramifications for the continued presence of western technology companies in the city.” DON'T MISS: Xi Jinping beginning to turn on Putin as nervous China snubs Russia [INSIGHT]Xi Jinping beginning to turn on Putin as nervous China snubs Russia [COMMENT]Putin signalled Russia-China military alliance 'quite possible’ [ANALYSIS] The letter ordered him to disband the group and remove the website but Rogers said he refuses to shut it down. In a statement, he said: "By threatening a UK-based NGO with financial penalties and jail for merely reporting on the human rights situation in Hong Kong, this letter exemplifies why Hong Kong’s National Security Law is so dangerous. We will not be silenced by an authoritarian security apparatus which, through a mixture of senseless brutality and ineptitude, has triggered rapid mass migration out of the city and shut down civil society.” China implemented its national security legislation in June 2020 - bypassing the local legislature - following a year of pro-democracy protests across the city. The move gave police sweeping new powers, with many saying it has broadly been used to silence and punish dissidents in China. However, the authorities say it has restored stability and peace to the city. 