Manchester City will apparently make Erling Haaland the highest paid player in the Premier League in a move which could leave Manchester United ace Cristiano Ronaldo feeling annoyed. The Citizens have been tipped to sign the blockbuster forward from Borussia Dortmund this summer. Haaland is regarded as one of the best young players in world football and has taken the Bundesliga by storm over the last two years. Since joining Dortmund at the start of 2020, the 21-year-old has racked-up an incredible 80 goals in 80 games. And prior to his spell in Germany he struck 29 goals in 27 matches for RB Salzburg. Incredibly, Haaland has also illustrated his imperious talents on the biggest stage of club football time and time again as he has managed to find the back of the net 23 times in just 19 Champions League encounters. And a whole host of European powerhouses are now desperate to sign him. Pep Guardiola’s City side are now thought to be at the front of the queue to get their hands on the superstar. And, according to the Daily Mail, they will offer him brobdingnagian wages of £500,000 a week. READ MORE: Man Utd fans pelt Simeone with missiles after Atletico Madrid loss  Those wages would be around £115k more than Ronaldo earns across Manchester at Old Trafford. And the Portugal international is unlikely to be jumping at joy at the prospect of seeing a rival player out-earning him by such a significant amount. Ronaldo has endured a season full of vicissitudes since returning to the Red Devils last summer and was powerless to prevent his side succumbing to Atletico Madrid in the Champions League round of 16 on Tuesday night. The 37-year-old has one more year remaining on his United contract but has been tipped to end his association with the club this summer in favour of a move to Paris Saint-Germain. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message      And if Haaland arrives in the Premier League on such a big salary, Ronaldo could well be ready to call it quits in England. Last week, the Daily Mail reported that a deal was already in place between City and Haaland. And the two parties have even discussed personal terms. The striker’s contract in Germany runs until the summer of 2024 – but he apparently has a release clause which would allow him to depart the club for just £63million. And that would represent a huge bargain for City, who will feel his arrival could help them dominate European football for the next decade. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 