Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge concluded their visit to Belize today during their eight-day Caribbean tour, and the Duchess was as stylish as ever in a red blazer and white trouser ensemble as she arrived at the airport. Kate and a suited-and-booted Prince William were the picture of sophistication as the royal power couple waved to those gathered for their send-off. The Duchess of Cambridge is considered a global fashion icon, and she has shown time and again she knows the power of dressing to make a statement. And according to body language expert Judi James, Kate looked every inch the confident 'future Queen' as she left Belize on Tuesday. She told Express.co.uk: "As William and Kate wave goodbye to Belize and board the plane to Jamaica, it is important to see how much Kate has now unfurled and launched as possibly the most powerful and confident royal in the top line-up of the Firm. "Kate’s strong, statement red jacket and white trousers seemed to underline or illustrate this signal of dominance.  READ MORE: Inside RAF Voyager VIP jet Kate and William took on tour "With her hair tied back and an emphatically tailored styling here, Kate looks more like a First Lady or world leader than a royal wife. "Her wave is confident, with the palm turned outward and almost flat and her smile and posture suggest she is more than prepared for her role as future Queen." Kate debuted a red blazer that is believed to be a vintage piece by Yves Saint Laurent, with the Duchess reportedly purchasing the blazer while studying at St Andrew's. Keeping with the outfit's classic theme, Kate also wore a pair of crisp white flared trousers.  The Duchess accessorised her outfit with a pair of white and gold detailed pumps, a cute white handbag and statement gold earrings. During her royal tour, Kate has kept her signature bouncy hairstyle sleeker, opting for a straight style or ponytails while out and about. Since landing in Belize on Saturday, Kate and William have kept a busy schedule of engagements, and the Duchess has dressed perfectly for every occasion. Kate dazzled at a reception celebrating the Queen's Platinum Jubilee on Monday night with a magenta pink gown by The Vampire's Wife.  DON'T MISS:New portraits of Duchess Kate displayed publicly for the first time [PICTURES]Kate and William as you've never seen them before as royals dive [VIDEO]Kate Middleton dons Alexander McQueen in rare trousers outfit [INSIGHT] She paired her dress with her beloved Onitaa earrings and a pair of strappy heels. On day two of her visit, Kate wore a blue floral dress with beige wedges as she danced and met people who live locally. Kate was also pictured wearing khaki trousers and a simple white t-shirt as she toured the ancient Mayan archaeological site of Caracol. And upon her arrival in Belize on Saturday, Kate dressed in top-to-toe blue, which could be seen as a nod to her host country's flag. 