The Government has extended the license of the controversial Cambo oil field, located in the North Sea. After facing heavy opposition from climate change protestors, the development of the oil field was put on hold when Dutch company Shell pulled out. In the face of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the Government is now keen to boost its energy security by boosting domestic production of gas and offshore wind. The license for the development of the oil field was set to expire on Thursday. However, a spokesperson for Shell, which co-owns the project with Siccar Point Energy, confirmed that the extension has been granted. While the energy giant stressed that its position on the oilfield remained unchanged, it added at the extension of the license gives it time to “evaluate all potential future options”. Shell withdrew from the project last December, citing long delays in development and a weak economic case for investment. Now, Russia's invasion of Ukraine has revived calls for the UK Government to increase drilling for gas in the North Sea. The EU, which is far more reliant on Russian gas than the UK, is currently facing an energy crisis as fears grow that Vladimir Putin could retaliate to sanctions by cutting off the supply of gas to the continent. The Government has already hinted that aside from an increase in nuclear and wind energy, extraction of natural gas will be a major part of its new energy security supply strategy. This decision has left Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon red-faced, as she continued her opposition to the oilfield, arguing that renewable energy is the key to reducing the continent's reliance on Russian gas. READ MORE: North Sea drilling gets green light after Putin sparks security alert  Earlier this month, Ms Sturgeon reiterated her position on the oilfield, saying: “For the UK, the dependency on Russian oil and gas is much, much, much less than it is for Europe and for many other countries. “What I think it means is that we need to, yes, consider short-term actions but actually the real lesson of this in terms of removing dependency on Russian oil and gas is accelerating the green transition. “So for Scotland, the big imperative for environmental reasons but also I think now for geo-security reasons, is to make sure we are moving to renewable, low-carbon sources of energy even more quickly than we had previously planned.” Environmental groups have slammed this extension, with Tessa Khan, director of Uplift, an anti-fossil fuel campaign group saying that it is "blindingly obvious that there is no public case for Cambo," saying that the development of the pipeline will not lead to lower fuel bills DON'T MISS: Brexit fury! EU takes legal action on UK's 'discriminatory' energy [REVEAL] WW2 mystery solved as vehicle rises from river after severe drought [SPOTLIGHT] Morocco offers UK 'abundant resources' to slash Russian ties [INSIGHT]  While Britain gets most of its gas supply from the North Sea and imported from Norway, this energy is still subject to the prices set by the international markets. Any gas extracted from the new oilfield would be sold by Shell on the international markets to the highest bidder, making little difference to the gas prices in the UK. This fact was backed up by the government's independent advisers the Climate Change Committee last month, who said that increased North Sea extraction was unlikely to "materially affect global oil or gas prices, as the UK energy market is highly connected to international markets and the potential supply relatively small". According to Siccar Point, the Cambo oil field has to potential to produce up to 170 million barrels of oil equivalent and 53.5 billion cubic feet of gas over 25 years. READ MORE: 'Energy rich Scotland should be used to help UK!' Boris hits out at...   Next week, Prime Minister Boris Johnson is set to hold a news conference, where he will release an energy supply strategy to boost the UK's energy security. He said: “There are going to be impacted but I think it is the right thing to do. It is completely the right thing to do to move away from Russian hydrocarbons but we have to do it step by step. “We have got to make sure we have substitute supply. One of the things we are looking at is the possibility of using more of our own hydrocarbons. “That doesn’t mean we are in any way abandoning our commitment to reducing CO2 but we have got to reflect the reality that there is a crunch on at the moment. We need to increase our self-reliance.”