Dust can appear in a matter of days after cleaning, and the spring sunshine can make it even more prominent around your property. Keeping everything from your furniture to your blinds free of dust is crucial to keep your home fresh and clean, but how can you remove it from every inch of your house? These are just six of the best ways to banish household dust.  A duster is the most obvious tool to use to remove settled dust from your home, but it is actually ineffective at keeping it away. Whether you’re dusting household ornaments or TV screens, there are plenty of everyday items that will leave the surface gleaming in a matter of minutes, and these are the six hacks to try. Circular coffee filters are the perfect tool for dusting delicate surfaces, such as electronic screens and marble surfaces. These soft, fibre-filled rounds can be laid flat and gently spread over almost any surface to trap stubborn dust in the small particles. Switch damp cloths and feather dusters for this simple tool to banish dust without leaving scratches or scuffs. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home Lights can appear dimmer than usual when covered in dust, so make use of pungent rubbing alcohol to banish stubborn particles. Use a clean microfibre cloth and a few drops of rubbing alcohol to dampen the fabric. Turn your lights off and get to work with buffing the liquid onto the glass surface to polish your light bulbs. As houseplants begin to grow again it is more important than ever to keep the leaves free from dust to stimulate fresh foliage and bright blooms. Fill an empty spray bottle with water and add a few drops of mild dish soap. Spritz your plants from around 30cm away before gently wiping the leaves down with a clean, soft cloth. Repeat this every two weeks or more often if you notice dust gathering on the leaves. Lint rollers are the go-to tool to remove pet-hair or dust from clothing, but they can be used for more than just your wardrobe. Tackle settled dust on circular fabric lampshades by rolling the lint surface around the material to remove hidden particles. Finish with a spritz of fabric freshener or a DIY essential oils and water spray to leave a fresh scent on your dust-free shade. DON'T MISS:Spring cleaning: How to clean window glass and frames [INSIGHT]Cleaning: Hack to ‘extend the lifespan’ of mattress - tips for spring [REVEAL]How to clean a fence: The 3 ingredient solution for a gleaming fence [HOW TO] Large paintings, photo frames and canvases can gather more dust than you might think, so it is important to include them in your spring clean. Damp cloths are great for most dusty surfaces but they can damage some materials, so reach for a piece of sliced bread instead. As strange as it may sound, the bread is great for picking up dusty residue without dispersing it back into the air. Blinds are one of the easiest ways to create a contemporary look in your home, but they can quickly look unsightly when covered in layers of dust. Keeping your blind slats free from dust is crucial to stop particles being dispersed into the air while opening or closing them, but exactly how should you do it? Kitchen tongs are the easiest way to banish dust in one clean sweep, and all you need is a couple of microfibre cloths. Wrap the cloths around the two tong faces and secure them with an elastic band. Spritz the cloths with water or an essential oil spray and slide along the surfaces of two blind slats. Repeat as often as necessary to keep dust away and maintain shiny, clean blinds.