Daisy (played by Charlotte Jordan) is the daughter of Mr Midgeley, who has been mentioned many times over the years on Coronation Street as he was married to legendary character, Jenny Connor (Sally Ann Matthews). Ever since she arrived on the cobbles in 2020, the troublemaker has been at the centre of a lot of drama and is currently enjoying a romance with Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard). But her happiness could be turned on its head if her father and his new, extended family decides they are going to move to the area in the near future on the ITV soap. As well as bringing a whole new dynamic to the show, they could also be part of the new venture show creators are embarking on to give the programme a new lease of life. It's been revealed work is about to begin on a brand-new set that will open up more of Weatherfield to viewers than they have ever seen before. The six-month project will see the inclusion of a two-storey construction, featuring maisonettes, a piazza and a whole lot of new shops at the Precinct which residents will be seen going to. Just like Coronation Street and Victoria Street, it is likely some of these businesses will belong to characters who will feature in the show. There is already just about every business you can think of on the cobbles but Mr Midgeley and his new wife could have plans to spice things up a bit. This could include drawing in his daughter to help manage his new venture and hopefully, bring in some much-needed trade to kick things off. READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot? It is thought the new set will be completed towards the end of the year and the cast will be able to film on it before Christmas. This is when some new and exciting storylines will begin and Daisy could be slap bang in the middle of it if she reunites with her father. There was some animosity between them when she came to live with Jenny as he had moved on with his new wife, who had given birth to a baby. Daisy felt pushed to the curb and felt Jenny would be the parent she needed so the youngster will be curious why her father wants her back in her life. As she gets to grips with the new business and her father puts himself into the centre of the community, will Jenny's stepdaughter discover the truth as to why he's moved his family to Weatherfield? Production Designer, Rosie Mullins-Hoyle, has spoken out on the new development and she said: "We are extremely excited to be starting to build Weatherfield Precinct this week after a year of technical drawings, model making, visualising and planning. "An incredible amount of research has been carried out focussing on 1960s local architecture and we are striving to create an authentic area of Weatherfield with a grittier vibe to the existing street that we know and love. "The build is being led by myself and Construction Manager Keith Eccleston. "And is a fantastic opportunity to use some of the amazing behind the scene talents we have on the show with bespoke joinery, scenic artwork, graphic design and set dressing skills all being involved." DON'T MISS...Corrie star Susie Blake explains why she hasn’t dated since 2000 [COMMENT]Sue Cleaver: Coronation Street star on 'sore' symptoms of condition [COMMENT]Sally Dynevor: Star 'couldn't cope' when diagnosed with cancer [COMMENT] Teasing the arrival of some new characters, she added: "I cannot wait to meet the characters that may call it home and see the businesses that will be created and the storytelling potential of an old but new part of Weatherfield." Executive producer, Iain MacLeod, has also hinted at what's to come from the new set, which is the first to come since Victoria Street was opened up. The soap boss said: "The fabled Weatherfield Precinct has been much discussed, but little-seen on the show in our 61 years. "And I am really excited to be expanding the Coronation Street universe. "The plans for the shopping area are drawn directly from the real-world Salford environs that inspired the show’s creator Tony Warren and exemplify the authenticity and ambition we still prize as we move to hour-long episodes this week." Managing Director of Continuing Drama and Head of ITV in the North, John Whiston, also commented on the inclusion of the new set. John explained: "As we (hopefully) come out of Covid and start to stretch our dramatic legs again, it will be great to be able to play exciting new stories against a brand new backdrop. "And it's a testament to the confidence ITV has in the show that it is investing so much in our future. "Mind you, I guess it won't be long before we blow it up, burn it down or crash a tram into it," he teased, so could some explosive storylines be appearing on-screen before the year is out? Could the fireworks have something to do with Daisy's father as it's revealed he's facing some dire money troubles? However, the arrival of new characters could come completely from scratch as families could arrive with no connections to the cobbles. They are sure to have their own secrets that will throw them into the thick of the action and land them a place as one of the clans of Weatherfield. As they get used to life on Coronation Street, they will have to learn about the residents who already live there and integrate into their lives. But as viewers have seen over the years, not all newcomers are given the most hospitable of welcomes, so could the arrival of the Midgeleys in particular ruffle some feathers? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.