Rats can be a bothersome addition to your garden, especially if they make their way into fruit and vegetable patches. On their journey, rats might leave dropping and urine. Even if you don't see one of these pests yourself, you might notice some of their droppings left behind among your flowers and foliage. Brown and black rats are among the most common to find in your garden in the UK. As well as droppings, you might also notice nesting areas created by critters residing in your garden. If you do suspect you have a rat infestation, be sure to check under rubbish, around your bins, beneath timber and woodpiles, in drain pipes and around sheds. In some cases, rats can even make their way into your garage and, later, your home. Whether you notice rats scampering around your flowerbeds, or you spot a suspect dropping, there are some ways you can keep them at bay. READ MORE: Baking soda cleaning hack to soften ‘hard and crunchy’ towels Rats are likely visiting your garden in search of food. If you regularly feed the birds, any grains or other food left on your lawn could be attracting vermin. Try to ensure all bird food is securely stored in a container that only birds can access. In a worst-case scenario, you may have to cut down or stop feeding birds for a while. DON'T MISSFive daily cleaning jobs to leave your home sparkling [INSIGHT]‘Effective’ methods for getting rid of ‘pesky weeds’ [COMMENT]March gardening: 5 vegetables to plant this month [EXPLAINER] Keeping on top of your lawn and other fast-growing areas can keep rats out. As they are likely on the hunt for cover or shelter, ensuring your grass is short and there are no areas of clutter can make your garden less appealing to rats. Keep an eye on any overgrown areas, particularly near fences or buildings. In a similar vein, any areas that rats can sneak into and create a nest are likely bringing them back time and time again. Make sure there is no space to get beneath your decking, and also be careful of dropping any food below here when eating outdoors on warmer days. Block any holes in the walls, floors or doors of your garden sheds and other structures. Installing a metal kick plate to the bottom of shed doors can also work wonders. If you are a regular composter, make sure you have a secure, locked lid that rats can not penetrate. When rats gain access to your compost, this will provide them with plenty of food to rummage through, as well as a place they can find shelter. Fixing chicken wire around the base of your compost bin may also work to keep rats away. Although it may sound strange, according to Gardener's World, rats are "neophobic" which means they are likely to be wary of or avoid unfamiliar objects in their environment. If you think they have begun to make your garden their home, switching up the landscape could force them to scamper off elsewhere.