Homes Under the Hammer star Martin Roberts has taken to Twitter to share an update as he drives to the Ukraine border with supplies for the country's citizens. The property expert, 58, admitted that "it's all a bit scary" ahead of the 22-hour journey to deliver much-needed supplies as part of a "charity convoy" in the face of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. In view of his 32,600 followers, the BBC star shared a short clip of himself in his van as he prepared to make the long journey. He captioned the video: "All that I need to do now is get this precious and much needed cargo to Medyka on the Polish/Ukraine border. "One van. One man on a mission. 1270 miles. 22 hours. That’s a lot of wine gums and red bulls. What could possibly go wrong," he wrote alongside numerous laughing emojis. "I’ll keep you updated on my progress," Martin signed off with a kiss face. READ MORE: BBC's Deborah James 'so sad' after being rushed back to hospital In the clip, Martin took a deep breath, before saying: "So, the van is loaded. "As you can see sleeping bags, medical supplies, various bits and pieces. "I mean, if I had any doubt that this is all completely legit and the stuff is absolutely needed," he said, before the video cut off. He went on to share a snap of himself, his van and other volunteers on the way to deliver supplies. Martin wrote: "Thank you so much for all your kind words of support and encouragement. "It’s a huge leap into the unknown and all a bit scary bananas so please believe me that they absolutely mean the world x." Martin's update comes after he revealed yesterday that he had joined a “convoy” to deliver essential products to the Polish-Ukrainian border. He filmed himself in his van as he explained the journey he was set to make to “do his bit” to help those affected by the war. DON'T MISS... ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]J.K. Rowling slams Keir Starmer as 'unable to defend women's rights' [ANALYSIS]Good Morning Britain's Rob Rinder on breaking stigma with new project [UPDATE] The smiley update was a far cry from the clip he posted last week on his Instagram account, which saw him break down in tears. The presenter had tried to buy multiple bottles of Calpol to send as aid for Ukrainian children. However, due to company policy, the store was unable to complete his purchase in full. He told his followers: "You know, things for kids because it’s the kids, you know, [they’re] everything,” while choking back tears. Martin went on: “So I’ve been trying to buy some Calpol and I’m only allowed to buy two, right? “And I know there’s some sort of sicko limit or some limit that they’ve put on that stops under normal circumstances people buying lots of Calpol, because of course… “I don’t know what you do with lots of Calpol but something obviously," he added exasperatedly. Luckily, other shoppers who witnessed the situation offered to chip in and buy more bottles for him.