Charlie De Melo has played Imran Habeeb in Coronation Street since 2017, although, according to reports, the actor wants to move on to something new. It hasn't been confirmed as to when Charlie will leave the ITV soap, but it has been claimed his exit will play out over the summer. “Charlie’s loved his time on the soap but the time is right to try new things." a source began. “He’s hugely talented and very ambitious and wants to see what else is out there." “He will always cherish his time in Weatherfield but for now it’s goodbye," the source added to The Sun. Following the news, Corrie fans took to social media to share their thoughts about the actor's supposed exit. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series James penned: "This is sad news Imran is one of my favourite characters and @CharlieDemelo is a fantastic actor he will definitely be missed it will be interesting to see how he leaves I just hope they don’t kill him off." (sic) Michelle tweeted: "Gutted Imran's leaving I like him and Toyah together. "Good luck in the future @CharlieDemelo you have been incredible to watch xxx." (sic) While Jenny wrote: "Aww, sad to see him go. Charlie De Melo is one of my favourite actors in Corrie." (sic) "EXCUSE ME @CharlieDemelo tell us this is some sick JOKE," Lily raged. (sic) Charlie's character has been part of several dramatic storylines over the years. The solicitor is currently with Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor) and despite having a one-night stand with Abi Franklin (Sally Carman), the couple seem to be getting their relationship back on track. Recently, the pair also discussed their plans to foster more children. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street heartache as Summer Spellman destroys Amy's romance? [SPOILERS]Vera's Aiden Healy details struggles of filming series with Brenda [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Neville betrays the Commissioner after romance [VIDEO] Imran has also defended a number of Weatherfield residents in court including Yasmeen Metcalfe (Shelley King) over the death of her abusive husband Geoff (Ian Bartholomew). He also defended his foster child Kelly Neelan (Millie Gibson) when she was accused of murdering Seb Franklin (Harry Visinoni). Despite wanting to do good, in recent scenes, Imran has found himself on the other side of the law. Earlier this year, unbeknown to him, Imran was the witness of a crime when Faye (Ellie Leach) and Emma Brooker (Alexandra Mardell) returned to the cobbles from a New Year's Eve party. Viewers watched as the pair tried to cover up their crime after they accidentally ran over a pensioner on New Year's Day. The pensioner later died, and Emma let slip to Imran about the party she went to and how she supervised trainee driver Faye the morning after. At the time, Imran warned the pair they could be in serious trouble, but little does he know what really happened. Could Imran end up leaving the Cobbles after finding out the truth? Or even worse, could end up getting killed by Emma or Faye in a bid to keep their secret? Coronation Street returns on Friday at 8pm on ITV.