 Mr Macron only began his election campaign this week after the diplomatic pressure of Vladimir Putin’s Ukraine invasion limited the President’s ability to canvas at home. Mr Macron told French television: “I adore rallies but let’s be clear-headed ‒ I can’t do many. No one would understand if I wasn’t there to protect the French.” He has been central to Europe’s diplomatic efforts to resolve the conflict, having held a number of phone conversations with both Putin and Volodymyr Zelensky, since the Russian leader invaded Ukraine last month. Mr Macron hopes to become the first French President to win re-election in two decades, but has recently dropped two to three points in the polls amid anger over a cost of living crisis. Yet, he is still the clear favourite, with Politico’s polls projecting he will win 28 percent of the first round vote, ahead of far-right rival Marine Le Pen’s 19 percent vote share. It means that in a run-off between the two candidates Macron would likely beat his National Rally rival 58 percent to 42 percent. Despite having received criticism from both the left and the right since taking office in 2017, Mr Macron was always likely to reclaim the keys to the Elysee Palace, while his central role in the Ukraine war has boosted him further still. Read More: Macron 'has a lot to answer for' as arms sales by EU to Putin released  He could even make history by becoming the first French President during the Fifth Republic era to take 50 percent of the first round vote, according to Dr David Lees, Associate Professor of French Studies at the University of Warwick. . Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “Now it really does look set to be very clear that Macron will win. “What will be interesting of course, is to see whether any candidate gets sufficient votes to challenge him in the second round of the election. “If Macron claims 50 percent or more of the vote in the first round then he’s automatically elected.  “It’s never happened before in the history of the French Fifth Republic so it’s something to keep an eye on. “The divisions of votes, it’s such a divided field and the vote has the potential to be split more [than usual].” Likely to challenge Mr Macron in the second round is Marine Le Pen, in a repeat of the 2017 election. However, the National Rally’s leader’s campaign has recently been plagued by alleged ties to Putin. Don't Miss:Macron and Putin relationship: Ukraine war ‘worries’ France[OPINION]Macron’s role in Putin talks over Ukraine war: ‘Most visible’ leader[INSIGHT]Macron humiliated after saying ‘Russia is not our enemy'[ANALYSIS]   Though Ms Le Pen has strongly condemned Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, in the run-up to the 2017 election she travelled to Moscow to meet Putin. Before this, in October 2014, the far-right party, then called the National Front, borrowed €9million (£7.5million) from a Russian bank to finance its election campaign. Dr Lees said: “It looks as if it will be Marine Le Pen [in the second round], I still think it probably will be, but she has been discredited by her connections to Putin. “There were question marks raised in 2017 over whether her election campaign had been supported in some way by Russia.  “There were certainly elements of Russian interference on Twitter and other social media sites trying to garner support for Le Pen then.” Le Pen has gained some ground this week by campaigning hard on France’s cost of living crisis, but her image was marred this month by a falling out with her niece Marion Marechal Le Pen. Ms Marechal Le Pen, who was long considered the future of the National Rally, sparked a family rift by defecting to Ms Le Pen’s election rival Eric Zemmour. Speaking in anticipation of the defection in January, Ms Le Pen said that she was personally hurt by her niece’s “brutal” and “shocking” decision.  Dr Lees added: “Before Russia invaded Ukraine there was a very clear sense that Macron was head and shoulders above the rest of the candidates, partly because the others had real difficulty in obtaining the necessary signatures to become candidates. “For Le Pen she’s also found it very difficult. “She had a quite prominent falling out with her niece Marion Marechal Le Pen, who at one point looked to be the prospective future of the party. “So her campaign wasn’t great before and isn’t great now.”