Jamie Oliver has shared a “perfect” roast potato recipe, enabling foodies at home to cook “crunchy, fluffy, spot-on spuds”. Roast potatoes are the perfect accompaniment to a Sunday roast. Jamie Oliver often shares cooking recipes and tips with his fans. The chef has a whole section on his website dedicated to Sunday roast recipes, including roast potatoes. He has named one roast potato recipe “perfect roast potatoes”, adding: “Crunchy, fluffy, spot-on spuds.” The dish serves six people, takes an hour and 35 minutes to make, and is described by Jamie as “not too tricky”. READ MORE: Gardening: How to use orange peels to make your garden ‘thrive’ Ingredients Maris Piper potatoes (1.5kg) One bulb of garlic Red wine vinegar Flavour combination one: Three tablespoons olive oil One bunch of fresh rosemary Flavour combination two: Unsalted butter (50g) One bunch of fresh sage One clementine Flavour combination three: Two tablespoons goose fat One bunch of fresh thyme Two fresh bay leaves DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows [TIPS]‘The plant will grow’: The lemon rind hack for planting seeds [INSIGHT]Hydrangeas in winter - what they look like, how to care for them [COMMENT] Method Preheat the oven to 190ºC, 375ºF, or gas number five. Next, peel the potatoes, cutting any larger ones so they are all evenly sized. Wash the potatoes in cold water to get rid of any extra starch then tip them into a large pot. Cover them with cold salted water and parboil for seven minutes, before draining them in a colander and leaving them to steam dry for three minutes. Give the colander a bit of a shake to help chuff up the potatoes as this will help to make them super-crisp later on. Now is the best time to choose your favourite flavour combination. Tip the potatoes into a larger tray in one layer, and add the fat – olive oil, butter, or goose fat – and season well with sea salt and black pepper. Toss the potatoes in the fat, before roasting them for 30 minutes. Next, Jamie recommended a “trick” for the best roast potatoes. He advised gently squashing each potato with a potato masher to increase the surface area, which, according to the chef, will make the potatoes crispier. Add a lug of olive oil to a small bowl and tear in the herbs. If opting for flavour combination two, peel in a few strips of clementine zest with a speed-peeler. Next, break up the garlic bulb, adding the unpeeled cloves to the bowl, along with a splash of red wine vinegar, before mixing all the ingredients together. Add your chosen flavour combination to the potatoes and give the pan a shake, before popping it back in the hot oven for 40 to 45 minutes. Lastly, after the potatoes have thoroughly cooked, transfer them to a plate lined with kitchen paper to drain off some of the excess fat, then serve.