BBC's The Repair Shop experts Steve and Suzie Fletcher have become firm fan-favourites over their time on the show. Horologist and lover of all things clockwork, Steve, has opened up on how his time in the fire service helped him find the confidence to be part of the show and invite his sister Suzie, an expert in leather and saddles, to join him. Before joining The Repair Shop, Suzie went to live in America for 22 years working as a top saddle maker, but after the death of her husband, she returned back to the UK. It was her brother Steve who encouraged her to get involved in the show after he told her how much fun he was having being involved with the series. Speaking on the Relatively podcast, Suzie said: "My time in America was very useful for me to develop my skills. "I was given opportunities over there that I wouldn't necessarily have had if I had stayed in the UK, so I am very grateful that I was able to take the opportunities. READ MORE: Coronation Street icon Sally Metcalfe accidentally kills husband Tim? "But the sacrifice was I wasn't there to be with mum and dad as they got older and then with my sibling's children they were growing up, I missed a lot of that. "But those are the choices you make, I don't regret a moment of it," she revealed. Steve praised his sister: "And all of those things is what makes you who you are now all those different experiences." "Definitely," Suzie agreed. "I feel like I really did broaden my horizons, and now I am able to pass on a lot of that moment. "Particularly in my skills as a saddle maker and just feel that I have got a lot more to give, much like yourself, being in the fire service." Steve agreed: "Absolutely, I think that was quite pivotal without that, I certainly wouldn't have been who I am now." Curious about his past, host Catherine Carr asked: "Without being in the fire service?" Steve explained: "Yeah, because before being in the fire service, I was really quite shy, I suffered from terrible shyness through school. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop's Suzie Fletcher shares ‘devastating’ childhood memory [INSIGHT]Steve Fletcher opens up on Suzie’s heartbreaking loss [LATEST]The Repair Shop’s Steve Fletcher opens up on ‘rocky’ childhood [WATCH] "I don't know if it was the fuss or an age thing, but I certainly wouldn't have ended up being on the repair shop in front of half a dozen cameras, I just wouldn't have done it back then." Wanting to know more about his childhood, Catherine continued: "What was it like to be shy? Did it impact your life when you were younger?" Steve revealed: "So I would avoid situations where I had to talk in front of people, if I was put in that situation I would have almost a panic attack where I would go red and then I would tear up. "Yeah, it was not a good time, like I say at school, it was awful, I just had to duck and dive and make sure I didn't get into that situation." Steve previously opened up about his invitation to come onto the show and told the BBC: "In 2016, I received an email from a company that I hadn't heard of asking if I would be interested in taking part in a brand new show. "Not trusting anything that is on the internet, I nearly deleted it and would have done it if my partner, Mel, hadn't stopped me saying that it all looks ok. "I responded and a few moments later had a phone call from [producer] Shane who told me about the show, and I agreed to appear on it." The Repair Shop airs weekdays at 3:45pm on BBC One.