In a statement, Greater Manchester Police said a male in his 20s had been taken to hospital with two stab wounds. A 21-year-old has been detained and arrested, the force said. Greater Manchester Police officers have taped off an area of Piccadilly Gardens, a short distance from the central retail district. Images from this evening (Monday) show officers guarding the scene. A spokesperson for Greater Manchester Police said in a statement: "At around 4.45pm this evening (March 14), police were called to a report of a stabbing in the Piccadilly Gardens area of the city centre. "Officers attended and a male in his 20s was located with two stab wounds and was taken to hospital. His injuries are not believed to be serious.   "A 21-year-old male was detained and arrested on suspicion of assault and affray. "Enquiries are ongoing. Anyone with information, or anyone who witnessed this incident is asked to contact City of Manchester CID on 856 4409 quoting log number 2279 of the 14 March 2022." MEN reporter James Holt, on the scene, said that the cordon had been in place since 6.15pm this evening. A police helicopter had been sighted over the area, he said, and that as of 8.20pm crime scene investigators were making their way onto the scene.  One eyewitness told the outlet they saw a quick response, with eleven police officers swooping in shortly after the incident. They added: "It all happened so quickly; I just saw loads of police rushing people out of the area. "I work nearby and me and my staff don’t feel safe." Today's incident is the latest in a spate of stabbings across the country.    Four people lost their lives to violence across the country in under 18 hours this weekend. Three men were fatally stabbed while a fourth is believed to have died from injuries sustained during a pub fight. The stabbings took place in Bournemouth, Bury and Birmingham.    Meanwhile, a 14-year-old boy was charged with murder on Friday after a man was fatally stabbed outside an Asda supermarket in Redditch. West Mercia Police said Ian Kirwan, 53, was attacked on Jinnah Road in Redditch, Worcestershire, around 7.20pm on Tuesday. 