Gino D'Acampo appeared on This Morning yesterday when he shocked the show's hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield with his revelation about threesomes. Appearing on his new advice segment of the popular daytime programme, the Italian chef, 45, caused the show to descend into chaos as he answered questions during Ask Gino.  A viewer called in asking the Naples-born star how she could spice up her marriage. However, the chef's advice left Holly and Phil shocked. He replied: "If you want to break down some boundaries within the limit of what you think your husband will accept… an example, time to have a threesome!” As the This Morning host's faces looked stunned, Gino explained why he thought a threesome was a good idea. READ MORE: Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star He asked the presenters: "Why not? Listen, you just get someone else you want and see what’s going to happen." However, the caller seemed less than keen on the idea, leading Gino to try to convince her one more time. He said: "Sometimes it can be fun, and sometimes it can be a little bit awkward, and then you don’t do it anymore. "But unless you try, how are you going to spice it up?” he added. The Gino's Italian Escape star later spoke to viewer Naomi from Essex who sought the star's advice on a food related problem. The This Morning viewer explained that while she enjoys cooking fish, her new partner of two months prefers red meat to the healthier option. She told how he specifically prefers chipolatas but is at a loss for how to prepare them. Addressing the size of the meat, Naomi told Gino: "I don’t want a small sausage!" DON'T MISS... Carol Vorderman, 61, reacts to Cambridge University's verdict on pics [INSIGHT]JK Rowling sparks backlash after hitting out at Labour MP [ANALYSIS]Richard Madeley's confrontation with angry viewer who ‘loathed' him [UPDATE] Agreeing, the chef was quick to quip: "You want a sausage that you can handle." The viewer replied, laughing: "Yeah, meaty. "I don’t see the benefits of a tiny little thing." Gino admitted that he always prefers a larger sized sausage, saying: "It’s what you do with the chipolata. "I’m always going to go for a big sausage because you keep the moisture.” This Morning host Phillip was quick to chip in with his own advice, adding: "If you’re not happy with the sausage that you’re getting, then go out and get a bigger one." Following his advice, This Morning viewers took to Twitter to share their reactions, with @JatNettie writing: "Gino and his sausages was hilarious!! He knows and he does it so innocently and Holly just cracks up." While @thegnoma penned: "Sausages and threesome, Gino’s spicy recipe for a big morning laugh!"