Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William are currently on their Caribbean tour to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, and on Saturday the couple touched down in Belize to start a busy schedule of engagements. While many royal fans may have been hoping for an appearance by the three Cambridge children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, the trio have not joined their parents on tour. Three people are likely to be helping to look after George, Charlotte and Louis while Kate and William are away. George, Charlotte and Louis are likely to be being looked after by their nanny, Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo, who is known for her dedication to her role within the Royal Family. Ms Borrallo has worked for the Cambridges since Prince George was eight months old, and she trained at the prestigious Norland College in Bath. READ MORE: Prince William makes rare reference about Prince Harry on Belize trip During some royal events, Ms Borrallo has often been pictured looking after the Cambridge children in the background, such as at Trooping the Colour. But Ms Borrallo may not be the only person helping to look after George, Charlotte and Louis during this time, as their grandmother Carole Middleton is known to be very hands-on too. Carole is a proud grandmother to Arthur Matthews and Grace Matthews, her grandchildren through daughter Pippa Middleton, as well as the three Cambridge children. In a previous interview with Good Housekeeping, Carole once described how she likes to spend time with her grandchildren in the great outdoors.   Carole said: "I want to run down the hills, climb the trees and go through the tunnel at the playground. "As long as I am able to, that's what I'll be doing. I cook with them, I muck around dancing, we go on bike rides." George, Charlotte and Louis are also known to be incredibly close to their maternal grandfather, Michael Middleton. Michael has previously been spotted with his wife Carole with George, Charlotte and Louis at sailing events and Middleton family Christmases, so he might also be helping to look after the trio while his daughter is away.  DON'T MISS:Prince William pens heartwarming letter to Belize as visit ends [REPORT]Kate is 'traditional' mother while Meghan 'makes her own way' [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola in incredible attack on Queen 'day of reckoning for royals' [INSIGHT] Currently, Prince Louis is the only Cambridge child who hasn't been on an official overseas tour with his royal parents. Louis, aged three, has lived much of his life so far amid the Covid pandemic, which saw the Royal Family effectively cease all of their international travel as restrictions engulfed the world. When Prince Louis will finally get to go on a royal tour is not clear, but he won't be making an appearance during the Cambridges' Caribbean tour this month. 