On day nine of Vladimir Putin's invasion, she steps over what is left of School 25. Just over a week ago the structure would have been echoing to the clamour of learning and play. Nothing but smoking bricks are left in the city of Zhytomyr, some 80 miles to the west of Kyiv. In a video address, the city's Mayor Serhiy Sukhomlyn said it had been destroyed by a Russian missile attack. Thankfully he said there were no reports of casualties, the usual inhabitants having fled. Mr Sukhomlyn added: "A missile or a bomb has just been launched. Half of school was ruined. Rescue operations are underway." Another indiscriminate attack in Putin's cruel onslaught, the missile did its worst after at least three schools in Kharkiv, Ukraine's second city, were hit by Russian artillerly strikes earlier in the week. Putin's army is closing in on the capital Kyiv, with residential areas in surrounding towns such as Irpin levelled and destroyed by fire. A power plant was also targeted in Okhtyka near Kharkiv in the north. By day nine of the invasion, Russia has so far managed to seize one city - Kherson in the south. But Kremlin forces are now said to have their sights trained on the key Black Sea port of Odesa - from both land and sea. The Ukrainian defence ministry is bracing for a possible all-out assault on the country's third biggest metropolis and main port in a move that could open up another corridor to advance on Kyiv from the south. Landing ships capable of launching tanks and troops ashore have been seen off the coast. A ministry spokesman said: "In the waters of the Black Sea, we are observing a landing detachment of the Russian Black Sea Fleet, consisting of four large landing ships accompanied by three rocket boats, advancing toward Odesa." General Sir Richard Barrons, a former British military chief, said the city would be a "big prize" in Putin's war. He said: "You would expect to see, based on the success in Kherson, that the Russian forces that are on the coast would now be prone to move further west and it is entirely plausible they would then put an amphibious landing somewhere around Odesa and conduct a link-up operation." Putin has insisted his country's military operations in Ukraine are going according to plan, praising his soldiers as heroes. During a televised address, he set are being successfully resolved." The despot's comments were a bid to counter reports by Western government's and intelligence agencies that his campaign has stumbled in the face of logistical problems, tactical mistakes and fiercer-than-expected resistance from Ukraine. The native army continues to fight back in cities across the country and the defence ministry confirmed it had shot down a number of Russian jets. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea