EastEnders viewers have seen a lot of drama unfold in Albert Square and Keegan Butcher-Baker (played by Zach Morris) has struggled to come to terms with what happened to his sister Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plummer). He recently discovered she was murdered by her husband Gray Atkins (Toby-Alexander Smith). This could lead into Keegan's exit from the BBC soap as actor Zach Morris has confirmed he'll soon be leaving. Zack's final scenes as Keegan are expected to air on EastEnders later this month. His departure from the soap comes just months after his on-screen wife Masie Smith left. The actor recently announced he'll be leaving the hit BBC soap, having starred in the show since 2017. Zach's seen success on EastEnders, having been nominated for several awards for his portrayal of Keegan.  Zack's final scenes as Keegan are expected to air on EastEnders later this month. His departure from the soap comes just months after his on-screen wife Masie Smith left. The actor recently announced he'll be leaving the hit BBC soap, having starred in the show since 2017. Zach's seen success on EastEnders, having been nominated for several awards for his portrayal of Keegan. READ MORE: 'I just love it' Brenda Blethyn shares future plans for playing Vera In a recent interview, the actor spoke out about his reasoning for leaving the role. Zach revealed he has plans to pursue other opportunities in his acting career. He praised the team behind EastEnders, insisting it's "the best place to really learn the craft". The actor confessed he's open to returning to his role as Keegan, but is keen to explore other opportunities in the meantime. Zack explained: "I am going to try and go for gold, take every opportunity I can get. "Trying new characters, reading new scripts – just broadening my horizon and testing myself," he said. "It's not about the show itself, it's about me as a person," the star insisted. The soap star confirmed he'd consider returning to EastEnders in the future. DON'T MISS...Carol Kirkwood teases Dan Walker over lengthy sports chat [WATCH]Emmerdale’s Charles devastated as Manpreet is given diagnosis? [MUST SEE]Emmerdale exit for Meena Jutla as she’s sentenced to life in prison? [SPOILERS] "But, right now, the new opportunities are my focus," he added to Metro. Zack first announced his departure earlier this year in a statement on EastEnders' official Instagram page. He wrote: "After five beautiful years on this incredible show I have made the tough decision to leave Walford and give Keegan Butcher-Baker some well-earned rest. "This show has quite frankly changed my life for the better. It will always hold a real loving place in my heart. "The cast and crew of this show deserve every accolade that comes their way. "The hard work, love and dedication that goes into making four episodes a week is immense and it's not to be taken lightly. "This show has given me so much, not just as an actor, but as a man. "These invaluable lessons I have learned at EastEnders will stay with me for the rest of my life. "I will forever see this whole experience as the biggest blessing I could have ever asked for. I loved every second," he concluded. EastEnders continues Monday at 7:30pm on BBC One.