Cruise holidays are back on the agenda after a difficult pandemic and many Britons are excited to get back onboard. How can passengers avoid any extra costs? Sarah Holt, head of partnerships at mobile money app, Monese told Express.co.uk: “Always check what’s included in your holiday packages before booking. “An all-inclusive cruise or resort package may cover things like airport shuttle service, drinks, WiFi, excursions and activities, fine dining options and more. “If they don’t, these are things you’ll need to budget for when planning your holiday. “Booking package holidays, aside from being cheaper, can also offer extra protection for Brits as under the Package Travel Regulations, you’ll be due a refund should the holiday be impacted by closed borders or other events.” READ MORE: Ryanair customer shares luggage hack - save £50 Many cruise holidays will include meals and airport transfers with the price of the trip although this isn’t always the case. British tourists should check what’s included to make sure there are no surprises when they get onboard. Some cruise lines include all their onboard activities with the price of a ticket although others will only be available to premium guests. Tourists could also consider whether a drinks package is right for them as it could save money if they are planning on drinking a lot. Sarah continued: “When planning a cruise, consider the costs of getting to the port as well. “While some cruises include travel to your port, you may have to budget for travel there or even a night’s hotel if your cruise leaves early and you don’t want to worry about missing your holiday aboard. “Compare ports too as some more popular ports like Barcelona or Rome will have more cruise lines in the region, which will hike prices.” While some ports are very close to city airports, others will require passengers to take a lengthy drive to get there. Passengers should be prepared to pay for their own travel to the port if it isn’t included or even to book a hotel near the port. No one wants to be caught running along the shore after the cruise has departed so it’s always a good idea to leave more time than needed. Embarkation on huge cruise liners can take a long time so passengers should ensure they arrive early. Travellers can also save money by booking an interior cabin which is always cheaper than an outer or balcony cabin. Interior cabins aren’t for everyone and some claustrophobic passengers can’t stand the dark rooms. However, passengers that like to spend the majority of their time outside the cabin might not find it a problem. Interior cabins are also guaranteed to be dark at night so could be perfect for passengers who like to sleep in. Tourists with interior cabins will be able to enjoy the spectacular views from the ship’s public decks.