At a dinner for Irish politicians in Washington, Democrat Speaker Nancy Pelosi warned that Brexit negotiations must not get in the way of the peace process in Northern Ireland. Foreign policy analyst Nile Gardiner slammed her “menacing threats” in a Twitter thread and accused Joe Biden’s Democratic party of “undermining” the will of the British people.  Mr Gardiner expressed his outrage on Twitter over Nancy Pelosi’s ultimatum that there would be no US trade deal if a hard border is created in Ireland. He took to the social media site, writing: “@SpeakerPelosi needs to stop lecturing the British people on Brexit policy, issuing menacing threats against a US/UK trade deal, and undermining the Special Relationship. “With US midterms on the horizon, and strong prospect of conservative revolution in Congress, most polls suggest that @SpeakerPelosi will not be able to threaten a US/UK trade deal post-Nov. “In fact she probably won’t be in any position of power at all.   “It is extraordinary that the Speaker of US House of Representatives spends a great deal of time/energy threatening America’s closest friend/ally Great Britain. “This is Joe Biden’s party, doing all it can to undermine Brexit/democratic will of the British people.” Many others on Twitter shared his beliefs.  READ MORE: Top GOP Rep blasts Joe Biden over delayed aid to Ukraine User, @BRENDA5000, wrote: “Amazing how she believes she has the right to tell other nations how to manage their borders”. User, @arthur09710856, simply tweeted: “The very good news is that she will be gone on jan 20, 2023”. However, there were some who defended the Speaker and her stance on the Brexit negotiations. User, @David_Ayers, replied “She’s an elected official. Not a loud-mouthed hanger-on.”  DON'T MISS:Russia sets to militarise space to battle 'hostility' [RUSSIA NEWS]Brits brace for 10cm of snow with spring snowfall [WEATHER]BBC Question Time audience member blasts Tory MP over refugee policy [REVEAL] Ms Pelosi’s threats to no deal with the UK over Brexit concerns have long been a contentious issue. She said in 2020: “The Good Friday Agreement is the bedrock of peace in Northern Ireland and an inspiration for the whole world. “The UK must respect the Northern Ireland Protocol as signed with the EU to ensure the free flow of goods across the border. “If the UK violates that international treaty and Brexit undermines the Good Friday accord, there will be absolutely no chance of a US-UK trade agreement passing the Congress.” 