According to the report, the Duchess of Cambridge had a heart-to-heart with the Majesty where she is said to have made an emotional admission about parenting struggles. With three young children, Kate has to manage her time between family life and work.  Both the Duke and Duchess have always been determined to be hands-on parents and are eager to give Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, as normal upbringing as possible. After George was born in the summer of 2013, the couple at first decided against hiring a nanny for their newborn. But caring for a young baby coupled with carrying out royal duties wasn't easy for the first-time parents, according to royal expert Katie Nicholl. And she says that this led to Kate having a heart-to-heart with the Queen where she opened up about her struggles.   Katie told True Royalty's documentary Kate Middleton: Heir We Go Again: “Kate was having a conversation with the Queen in which she confided that she had found being with George on her own, and not having a full-time nanny or a maternity nurse, very hard. “William and Kate wanted to be hands-on parents, and they did it until September and then they recruited a nanny.” Now, the Cambridges rely on their trusted nanny Maria Borrallo, who trained at the prestigious Norland College and still cares for George, Charlotte and Louis. But despite Maria's appointment, Katie says Kate's mum Carole still regularly helps her daughter with the children. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'over-extended' themselves with Spotify and Nexflix  She added: “One of the things that allows William and Kate to be so ordinary is the presence of the Middletons in their lives. “Carole is a regular through those golden gates at Kensington Palace, she whizzes through in her Land Rover. There is no security because everybody knows her. “She turns up to help with bedtime and bathtime. She is absolutely indispensable.” With the children now growing older, the 40-year-old royal member has stepped up the number of royal duties she now carries out.  DON'T MISS:Mercury plunges to sub zero as arctic blast of -5C to hit BritainElon Musk sends second round of aid Russian tank stuck in mud for hours ‘an example of poor planning’ But she has previously revealed she experiences “mum guilt” when she has to leave her children to work. Speaking on Giovanna Fletcher's podcast Happy Mum, Happy Baby, Kate was asked if she feels mum guilt. And she admitted: “Yes absolutely - and anyone who doesn't as a mother is actually lying. “Yep - all the time. Even this morning, coming to the nursery visit here - George and Charlotte were like ‘Mummy how could you possibly not be dropping us off as school this morning?’ “It's a constant challenge - you hear it time after time from mums, even mums who aren't necessarily working and aren't pulled in the directions of having to juggle work life and family life.” 