Too many people overlook the importance of fertilising indoor plants. However, correct feedings are essential to grow healthy, beautiful plants. Unlike an outdoor garden, where nature provides rain and plants can send new roots searching for food, the nutrients available to a houseplant are strictly limited by the amount of soil in the pot and what gardeners provide for supplemental feeding. Fertilisers come in several different varieties, including liquids, sticks, tablets, granules, and slow-release forms. Gardening experts at East River Nursery have explained how gardeners can use a “cheap and effective” trick to fertilise their houseplants all year round. They said: “We all have been at fault at some point in our lives for trying some crazy tactic for attempting to make our plants grow. “Whether it is homemade fertiliser or sun lamps, everyone has their own tricks. “Here’s another trick you can use to water your plants, plus it’s cheap and effective. “This trick is to use cooking water from pasta and vegetables to give your plants extra nutrition.” READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home For this hack simply boil pasta or steam some vegetables in your kitchen and instead of pouring the water down the drain, use it in your house to keep your plants green and flourishing. This hack can also be used for garden plants. Gardeners can also use water from boiling eggs, which is full of calcium your plant needs to grow. The gardening experts said: “This method of watering your plants works because it acts like a fertiliser to give them the nutrition they need to survive. “This is a great alternative if you do not have the space or time to develop a compost pile.” DON'T MISS:Amner Hall: Will & Kate's 'modern family home' with £1.5m renovations [INSIGHT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 6p hack to clean burnt oven door glass [TIPS]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 38p trick for cleaning toilet brushes [COMMENT] The experts explained how the fertilising process works. They said: “When you boil your food such as pasta, vegetables, eggs, or potatoes, many of the micronutrients such as phosphorus, nitrogen, and calcium are boiled off into the water. “Therefore, after you have let the water cool down, not only will you provide your plants with a nice drink, the plants also get a bit of much needed fertiliser from the nutrients within the water.” There are many advantages to using cooking water to feed your plants. The gardening pros said: “Not only is it cost effective and resourceful, the fertiliser it provides for your plants gives them a more stable and steady growth period. “The water will help promote natural nutrient storage within the soil.” This means for outdoor plants you will not have to fertilise them or the garden as often providing longevity for your soil. It will also help your soil retain more moisture, therefore reducing the amount of times you will need to water. The experts explained how there are various unique ways to fertilise your houseplants and provide that extra needed nutrition. They said: “For those individuals who are looking to save money and do not have the space to compost, then cooking water is for you. “Its hassle free, environmentally friendly, sustainable, and it provides your plant with all the nutrients it needs to thrive. “If this is your first time trying cooking water, start off slow. “Don’t get too complicated while attempting to choose vegetables and other foods that you think will boil off the exact nutrients you need.” The gardening gurus suggested starting with pasta and basic steamed veggies before attempting more creative organic ideas.