Manchester United star Marcus Rashford is open-minded about his future as the club look to tie him down to a new contract, according to reports. The England international has attracted interest from Arsenal, Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona amid an underwhelming campaign so far. And there’s currently no guarantee he’ll extend his stay with the club, with the Red Devils looking to tie the 24-year-old down to a new deal. Manchester United have long had high hopes for Rashford, ever since the England international burst onto the scene during Louis van Gaal’s time in the dugout. But inconsistency has marred his game over the last five years and, this season, he’s endured a difficult campaign. Rashford has bagged just five goals across all competitions this season, blowing hot and cold under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Over the weekend, it emerged Arsenal were ready to offer him an escape route from Old Trafford at the end of the season. The Gunners are hopeful of striking a deal to land Rashford if they finish in the top four and secure Champions League football for next year. ESPN say, however, that United are eager to tie the 24-year-old down to a new contract. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The forward’s contract is due to expire in 2023, having last penned an extension back in the summer of 2019. But while United are keen to tie him down to fresh terms, Rashford is open-minded about his future. His current priority is to win his spot back in Rangnick’s starting XI, especially with the 2022 World Cup creeping closer. But what ultimately happens is something only time will tell. Arsenal and United have conducted several bits of transfer business over the past decade, starting with Robin van Persie’s move in 2012. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message The Netherlands international was attracting interest from Manchester City at the time. However, in the end, he opted to join United instead. Van Persie would go on to become a Red Devils hero, firing them to Premier League title glory at the first time of asking. Two years later, Danny Welbeck moved to Arsenal after being deemed surplus to requirements by Louis van Gaal following the arrival of Radamel Falcao. And, in January 2018, United and the Gunners negotiated a straight swap deal that saw Alexis Sanchez and Henrikh Mkhitaryan trade places. Rashford was left omitted from the England squad for the recent match against Switzerland, while he’ll also miss their showdown with the Ivory Coast on Tuesday. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Three Lions boss Gareth Southgate recently elaborated on his decision to leave both Rashford and Jadon Sancho out of his squad. "There are other attacking players in our squad who are ahead of him in our opinion,” he said when asked about Sancho. "Jadon in the last few weeks his performances have improved but it is an area of the pitch where we have competition for places." On Rashford, Southgate added: "With Marcus, he is in the same position as everyone else, whether they are in the squad or not they all have to play well in the next period, it is a difficult time for him, he is clearly not at his best. “There is plenty of time, we know about Marcus, we know what he can bring to us." Earlier this month, meanwhile, Rangnick indicated he’d be willing to let Rashford go if game time is a problem. “I don’t think that he’s not had enough game time,” said the 63-year-old. “He’s had 13-14 games since I’ve been here now, he played more games from the start than he didn’t play from the start. “I don’t think this is an issue and he never said anything about that since we spoke yesterday [Thursday]. But the [transfer] window is closed now. “Even suppose he and his agents or his family at one stage of the summer think about maybe going to another club, well then he can do that but in the summer. “Now the window is closed.”