Edward was at the centre of a major constitutional crisis when he abruptly abdicated the throne less than a year into his reign. His time on the throne lasted for just under a year, making it one of the shortest reigns in British history at just 326 days. The reason behind his surprise exit was Wallis Simpson — an American divorcee whom he had fallen in love with and wished to marry. Wallis, originally from Pennsylvania, US, had crossed the pond with her second husband, Ernest Simpson.Shortly after their arrival, the pair were mixing with the elite of London society.It was within these circles that Wallis was introduced to Edward, then-the Prince of Wales.And Wallis soon earned the attention and affection of the prince. However, according to one historian, it was not Wallis’ tantalising conversation that wooed the prince.Royal author and historian Tracy Borman told last week’s episode of Pod Save The Queen that Wallis was not “a conversationalist” and recalled the couple’s bizarre first encounter.She said: “Wallis Simpson was more of a career party girl really.“She was seen in all the right places and had all the right connections, but really wasn’t that accomplished. “She wasn’t a conversationalist. Her first recorded chat with Edward VIII was about central heating, apparently.”Despite their seemingly banal first conversation, Edward fell in love with Wallis and later changed the course of the monarchy to be with her.Ms Borman added: “And yet, she had a certain something that obviously just utterly captivated Edward when he was Prince of Wales and then of course, he stayed true to her when he became King.”Edward’s father, King George V, died in early 1936, making Edward monarch. DON'T MISS: Royal Family: Meghan's subtle gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' in relationship [LATEST]Prince Charles was given marriage 'ultimatum' by father Prince Philip [INSIGHT]Sophie Wessex’s ‘disaster’ after marrying into Royal Family [ANALYSIS] However, Edward soon realised he had to choose between the Crown and Wallis who, as a twice-divorced woman, would not have been an acceptable Queen.In November that year, he asked the then-Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin if there was a way he could marry Wallis while remaining King. He suggested a morganatic marriage in which Wallis would not be named Queen consort, but the request was turned down.His time on the throne came to an end on December 11, 1936.Edward was stripped of “His Royal Highness” status and henceforth styled as the Duke of Windsor. After the royal line of succession changed, Edward’s younger brother became King George VI.Edward and Wallis set up home in France and tied the knot six months later.The couple lived out their days in exile, including in the Bahamas for a period, where the Duke had been made Governor.They later returned to France. In 1972, Edward died of cancer. His widow, Wallis, died in Bois de Boulogne 14 years later.The couple are buried at the Royal Burial Ground near Windsor Castle.