Netflix fans are already eager to find out what happens in the next instalment of Bridgerton, and the new trailer has leaked that it isn't just Anthony Bridgerton (played by Jonathan Bailey) who has a potential new romance. Things are looking up for the headstrong and independent Eloise Bridgeton (played by Claudia Jessie) as she is of age to find a suitor. The three-minute video released on the show's official channels and on Netflix's account transports viewers into Regency-era following on from the events of season one. Fans were led to believe that all eyes would be on Anthony and his pursuit of finding his match but has Eloise found her's right under everyone's nose? Colourful dresses and grand balls set the scene for Eloise to step in as the most eligible Bridgerton bachelorette now that Daphne (Phoebe Dynevor) is married. As spectators know, Daphne was the diamond of the season in the first cycle of the show. After a dramatic journey with Simon Basset (Regé-Jean Page), the couple ended happily ever after. Read More: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return as she adopts Abi Franklin's baby? With a new diamond of the season this time around and Anthony on the look for the best partnership to benefit the family, does Eloise have the freedom to find love? In the new trailer, we see the young lady dressed eloquently in a pink and pearl dress with her hair down as a male suitor approaches her. Smiling as he steps toward her, she looks delighted, but the clip passes so quickly it is unclear if the two take to the dance floor. Already fans are tweeting about this possible development, with viewers growing fond of both Eloise and Penelope Featherington (Nicola Coughlan) in season one and wanting only the best for them. Fan @riverashifali instantly paused the scene, took photos, and posted alongside the images on Twitter shouting: "ELOISE POTENTIAL LOVE INTEREST???? OHHHH THE TEA IS BREWING LADY W!" @NoContxtBR also shared the same images and said: "Who allowed this nobody to look cute??? And to look cute AT Eloise??? #Bridgerton". Excited @miscontres added: "F**K DID Y'ALL SEE THAT SCENE WITH ELOISE AND THAT GUY OH MY GOD HER FACE I LOVE HER I ADORE HER #Bridgerton." (sic) However, book lover Betina Vrist commented on the posts with: "Interesting, but they would need to deviate a lot from the books." DON’T MISS… The Chase viewers blast Bradley Walsh for not accepting answer ‘Unnecessarily harsh!’ [LATEST]The Last Kingdom: Uhtred star opens up on working with 'moody' co-star [LATEST]Tipping Point's Ben Shephard frustrated by player's final performance 'Didn't want you!' [LATEST] The show is based on a series of eight novels penned by Julia Quinn, focusing on a different Bridgerton child in each one. Eagle-eyed fanatics seem to think the momentary shot is of Theo Sharpe, who is played by new on the scene actor Calam Lynch. This then led book fans to link the actor to a love interest of another possible Bridgerton star. "I think this might be Edwina's future husband. Not Eloise's. #Bridgerton," @JoBeTa4 shared. @Katheri00742814 tweeted: "#Bridgerton What if Edwina marries Theo and Eloise is left heartbroken?" The fifth novel focuses on Eloise's story and is titled To Sir Phillip, With Love, so is this young gentleman a fling or something more? The trailer also revealed more about the dynamics between Anthony and the Sharma sisters, Kate (Simone Ashley) and Edwina (Charithra Chandran). What is for sure is that Lady Whistledown will have a very busy summer with what is about to unfold. Bridgerton season one is available on Netflix, with season two airing on March 25