Outlander season six is airing on Starz and Fraser's Ridge faces imminent danger. The third episode of the latest season left a lasting impression on fans and they are worried about Fergus (played by César Domboy). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about whether Marsali's (Lauren Lyle) husband dies in the TV show. Fergus has faced yet another challenge following the birth of his fourth child, Henri-Christian. His son was born with dwarfism and he cannot help but think he is to blame. Fergus continues to turn to alcohol to solve his problems and it is impacting his role as a husband and father. He opened up to Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) about his son's condition and why he was so concerned. He was worried his son would be killed for being 'different'. READ MORE: Outlander season 6: Young Ian and Emily’s relationship explored clue? Other children were less understanding of his son's condition, which caused Fergus to drink more. He was so incapacitated he forgot to feed his family and his wife Marsali had reached the end of her tether. She kicked her husband out of the house and in a horrific scene, he attempted to take his own life. Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) was able to save him just in time. He was able to talk Fergus around and told him not to blame himself for the family's misfortunes. Fans will be pleased to hear Fergus survives through to Diana Gabaldon's novels. In Written in My Own Heart's Blood, Fergus and his family settle in Wilmington in 1779. He continues to face threats but managed to stay safe throughout. There are fans who worry he is too far beyond saving and may suffer a different fate in the TV adaptation. With war fast approaching, Jamie's words of advice could fall on deaf ears. DON'T MISS...What happened to Malva Christie’s mother in Outlander? [INSIGHT] Alexander Vlahos wife: Is the Outlander Allan Christie star married? [EXPLAINER] Outlander's Marsali star lands huge new role away from Starz drama [INSIGHT] While it is hoped the series stays true to the books, there could be some changes introduced to ramp up the drama. Viewers will have to wait and see whether Fergus is able to be accepted back into his family. They have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the latest drama of the series. Hailey Beaupre shared: "I’m speechless to describe the raw talent, emotion & heartbreak @LlaurenLyle & @CesarDomboy conveyed into this episode. "Marsali & Fergus are so fierce with love that sometimes it can cause trouble, but my goodness the power between the two of them is so captivating. #Outlander." [Sic] Kelly said: "Damn, Fergus and Jamie breaking my heart and making me shed a tear in this latest episode of #Outlander." Mo Nighean Donn added: "We can say that it is the season of Fergus and Marsali! I did not stop crying!" Marsali had warned: "I'll have a whole man or none at all." Fergus felt emasculated as he was unable to adequately take care of his family. Now it is hoped her warning will be his Saving Grace.  Outlander season 6 airs on Sundays on Starz. Fans in the UK can watch via Starzplay.