The 95-year-old monarch had recently pulled out of attending Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey. The Palace announced in a statement: “After discussing the arrangements with the Royal Household, The Queen has asked The Prince of Wales to represent Her Majesty at the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey on Monday.  The Queen will continue with other planned engagements, including in person Audiences, in the week ahead.” According to MailOnline, the monarch has been struggling with mobility and “has not walked her dogs in six months”. However, the report suggests that the Queen has ruled out using a wheelchair. Penny Junor, a royal biographer, told the publication: “The Queen is extraordinary.  “She has gone on with great vigour for years but we have to remember she is 95 and not superhuman. “In other respects, she is on great form. “The Queen is fantastic on Zoom calls, but I think events where she is required to walk or go up any steps are not going to be feasible any more. “And fortunately we have the technology that means she is not going to disappear from view altogether.”  READ MORE:Princess Diana’s wedding dress designer was ‘HORRIFIED’ by gown But reports said she has been unable to walk her corgis over the last six months and there are fears she may never again. A source told the Sun: “She is not well enough. “The Queen usually turns to her beloved corgis in time of crisis and stress and took them out almost every day after Philip fell ill and then died last year. “They are an enormous source of solace, so it is a real shame.” Her Majesty last met a group of people in public on February 5 when she hosted a reception at her Sandringham home for local charity workers, volunteers and former staff from her Sandringham estate.  DON'T MISS:Princess Charlene reunited with family as she returns to Monaco Putin will invade EU cities if the West fails to interveneKyiv will only fall if it is ‘razed to the ground’, warns Zelensky Concerns were raised about the Queen's health when she spent a night in hospital last October, missed a string of events and was advised to undertake light duties by doctors. She had only returned to something approaching normal working practices just before contracting Covid-19 on February 20. Palace officials said the Queen has been fully vaccinated and has received a booster shot and at the time was only experiencing “mild cold-like symptoms”. The Queen has not appeared at a formal public engagement since October 19. Yet she has carried out numerous video calls and last Monday met Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at Windsor Castle. A Palace source told MailOnline: “Unlike previous jubilees, the Queen won't be at every event, but she will be at the significant moments.” 