Actor Rupert Penry Jones is probably best known for starring in Whitechapel as DI Joseph Chandler, as well as Adam Carter in the popular spy drama Spooks. He is one of the UK's most well-known TV actors with his latest role being in ITV's Our House which is going to air over four consecutive nights. In this new mini-series, his life quickly becomes entangled with an estranged married couple. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Our House.Bram (played by Martin Compston) and Fi Lawson (Tuppence Middleton) were loved up when they first moved into their new family home. Years later though and their relationship has grown stale with the couple drifting apart and into the arms of new lovers. Fi finds herself a new love interest in Toby (Rupert Penry Jones) who gives her the attention she was lacking from Bram. But as her home mysteriously gets sold without her knowing, could it be that Toby is somehow involved in her dilemma? READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? Actor Penry Jones' famous wife is none other than Irish actress Dervla Kirwan. They first met in 2001 when they were both working on a production of JB Priestley's Dangerous Corner. After a three-year engagement, Jones and Kirwan got married in 2007 but it isn't known where they tied the knot. The couple now have two children, 18-year-old Florence and 16-year-old Peter. One of Kirwan's most recent roles was in Harlan Coben's The Stranger on Netflix as Corrine Price. She is also known for starring in 55 Degrees North, Shades, Hearts and Bones, Injustice and Smother. Talking to RSVP magazine about her relationship with Penry Jones, Kirwan said: “Rupert totally gets it and we’re very supportive of each other, we always have been. “I don’t think it would have worked out if I had married someone else. “I don’t know any different, but all I can say is we’ve been together for 21 years and that speaks volumes.” DON'T MISS...NCIS' Pauley Perrette issues passionate plea against Ukrainian war [CAST]Martin Compston details reason Our House cast resented him [EXPLAINER]Is Our House based on a true story? [REAL LIFE] Prior to dating the Our House star, Kirwan was engaged to another famous actor. She dated her Ballykissangel co-star actor Stephen Tompkinson in 1996, shortly after he divorced his first wife. They got engaged in 1998 but split acrimoniously just two years later. Kirwan and Penry Jones live together with their children in rural Hampshire. Our House will consist of a total of four episodes which will air on ITV. They are going to be shown over four consecutive nights so there is no need to wait each week for a new instalment to come out. All four episodes will also be available to watch via the ITV Hub. Our House premieres on Monday, March 7, at 9pm on ITV.