Paul Chuckle has hit out at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle for “walking out on” the Queen, Harry’s grandmother. Self-described “royalist” Paul voiced his hopes that the family will reconcile after the damning claims the couple made in an interview with Oprah Winfrey. Paul, 74, was speaking to Express.co.uk as an ambassador for Marie Curie, a charity especially close to his heart since his Chucklevision co-star and brother Barry died from bone cancer in 2018, aged 73. Speaking about Meghan and Harry’s decision to step back from royal life after levelling several allegations at members of the Royal Family, Paul said he was devastated by the ongoing conflict. “I can’t see why [Harry] would do that to his grandmother, walk out on his own family,” he said. “I love the Queen, I love her to death. I love Prince Charles, I love the whole Royal Family. I am very much a royalist. “I just don’t think it’s right what they have done. And it’s awful that baby Lilibet is nine months old and the Queen hasn’t seen her grandmother.” According to new reports, the Queen will “definitely meet” her great-granddaughter Lilibet, who is named after her childhood nickname, at some point - potentially even this year. Paul agreed that “hopefully” the Queen’s upcoming Platinum Jubilee celebrations would be the perfect time for the feuding family to make amends. The entertainer and DJ also opened up about grief, four years on from losing his comedy partner, brother and “best friend” Barry. As far as Paul is concerned, Barry is still very much with him. “I feel that he is still with me, which is a great thing. I believe in the afterlife, I don’t believe when you die, that’s the end of it all,” he said. “Barry didn’t believe in that, but from the day he died he has been in almost every dream I’ve had, Barry’s there alongside me. “He never was during the years he was alive, when we were together. He was very rarely in my dreams. But since he’s died he’s been there. DON'T MISS...Loose Women's Charlene White bids farewell after final episode news [LATEST]'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [UPDATE]Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [INSIGHT] “I think that’s his way of saying, ‘There is an afterlife, I’m here, I’m still with you.’ “I just miss him, I miss him badly. But as long as you believe he’s still around, it makes it a lot easier. If you think, ‘That’s it, he’s gone,’ that would be more hurtful.” Paul Chuckle is an ambassador for the end of life charity, Marie Curie. The Great Daffodil Appeal is their flagship annual fundraising appeal, where every year, thousands of supporters from across the UK come together to raise money to support the charity’s nurses, doctors, and hospice staff so they can continue working on the frontline giving expert care to people at end of life, and their families. “Barry and myself were ambassadors for Marie Curie for many years, before he died, before he got poorly,”  said Paul. “We have always supported Marie Curie. “But of course, they looked after him in his last few weeks, which showed exactly what they do, and I knew them very well and knew I could speak to them whenever I wanted to, so I will always support Marie Curie. “They do marvellous work, and with a smile,” he added. To donate and support Marie Curie’s Great Daffodil Appeal this March, visit mariecurie.org.uk.