Many of the country's biggest supermarkets, including Morrisons, Sainsbury's, Co-op, Aldi, Tesco and Waitrose, have said they will no longer stock Russian vodka in response to Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine. However, Morrisons customers have posted on Twitter pictures of Russian Standard vodka still being sold in various outlets of the supermarket chain.  Twitter users have taken to the social media platform to express their disgust with the supermarket. @DaveFromUpNorth wrote: "Dear @Morrisons please consider who you support in this war…Russia or Ukraine? "Please don't put profits before morals! "You cannot promote to be helping, assisting and donating to the Ukraine Crisis if you are selling two shelves of Russian vodka!"  @AlisonCashmore tweeted: "BRAVO McDonald's and yet @Morrisons still have Russian Standard Vodka on their shelves after they announced last week that they had cleared all the shelves in the stores. "Small gesture in comparison but they went back on it. "Co-op made the same announcement and kept their word."  READ MORE: Russia's nuclear threat dismissed by Ukraine MP: 'Overstated' Despite images of Russian Standard vodka being shared on social media, the beverage is no longer stocked on Morrisons' website. A Morrisons spokesperson said: "We have taken action on our vodka lines including delisting Russian Standard. "The product is no longer available on our website and no further stock will be bought."  DON'T MISS:Riot fears as massive migrant crisis spills into Europe [INSIGHT]Mountain of body bags can topple the tyrant Putin, says LEO MCKINSTRY [COMMENT]US Air Force jet named 'nuke sniffer' flies over Scotland [LATEST] Smirnoff, which is British-owned, is still available despite its historic links to Russia. The news comes after global corporations McDonald's and Coca Cola were facing boycotts for failing to halt operations in Russia. The two companies have since followed suit and suspended their operations in Putin's country following the backlash. Many other companies, including Apple, Amazon and Facebook, have also pulled their business out of Russia. 