Sir Chris Deverell, who served as Commander of the UK's Joint Forces Command until his retirement in 2019, previously suggested NATO should not impose a no-fly zone. However, in a post uploaded to social media over the weekend, the ex-general appeared to backtrack and instead argued Vladimir Putin was "hell-bent on escalation". Writing on Twitter, he said: "I have been against the imposition of a no fly zone by NATO in Ukraine, believing that it would surely escalate the conflict. "But Putin seems hell bent on escalation. "So the question is becoming: does NATO fight him now or fight him later?" Sir Chris added: "But let’s not impose a No Fly Zone unless we are willing to back it up with ground troops, if necessary. "He will likely respond with nuclear threats. "But there is no fundamental reason why these are more useful to Putin than they are to NATO. "Our logic has to be that his threats are meaningless. JUST IN: 'Stop military action!' Putin issues Ukraine war demands as Russia's invasion continues "Whatever he can do to us, we can do to him. "The risk of course is that Putin is sufficiently mad to prefer a (very!) high scoring draw to a defeat. "But a) many of those around him may not be equally invested in his plans, and b) there are still possible outcomes that he need not admit as defeat. "Withdrawal of all Russian troops from Ukraine. "Ukrainian neutrality, guaranteed by Russia and NATO. The world, including Russia, to pay for the rebuilding of Ukraine. "No bar on Ukraine joining the EU, but not CSDP)." READ MORE: Ukrainian woman 'downed drone with jar of tomatoes' as Russia's invasion continues Despite Sir Chris' comments, a recent survey from polling company Ipsos found just 28 percent of Brits would support military intervention in Ukraine. An overwhelming majority, 66 percent, back humanitarian support. A further 65 percent support diplomatic and economic intervention. Just nine percent claim the UK should not intervene at all. Deverell's Twitter post comes after Ukraine's Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba claims US and NATO forces would only reject a no-fly zone over his country's skies if they lacked "confidence" in the military alliance. Mr Kuleba urged the US and NATO to impose a no-fly zone over his country to prevent further Russian bombing campaigns yesterday. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Putin invasion ruined as airport AND city 'retaken' [LIVE]Russia Z symbol meaning: Cult symbol has swept across Putin's Russia [REVEALED]Russia announces morning ceasefire after Putin speaks to Macron [INSIGHT] However, sceptics warn it could escalate the conflict further. Kuleba told ABC: "We heroically repel attacks of the Russian armed forces on the ground. "However, we do have issues with the skies. "And The Russian air force dominates in the skies, and continues bombing our cities and killing many civilians." He added: "We believe that the rejection of the no-fly zone is based on the lack of confidence in the strengths of NATO as an alliance, because the military might of NATO is [incomparably] bigger compared than Russia. "Why would Russia dare to shoot down a NATO plane knowing that it is doomed, eventually doomed if the war begins?"