Following a dramatic exit from the Firm, Meghan and Harry took part in an explosive interview with Oprah Winfrey. They blasted the British monarchy and made serious allegations against the Palace in regards to its approach to race and mental health. It is understood that there is a remaining rift between the Sussexes and the monarchy. Despite Meghan’s claims that she was not treated well during her time in the Royal Family, royal expert Ashley Pearson has a different perspective. She told the 2022 Channel 5 documentary ‘Harry & Meghan Vs The Monarchy’ that Meghan was given “extraordinary special treatment” which may have “annoyed” other members of the family. Meghan and Harry started dating in the summer of 2016 and by November 2017, they had announced their engagement. That Christmas, Meghn became the first royal fiancèe to spend the festive season with the Royal Family at Sandringham. Usually, royal spouses had to wait until after their nuptials for such an invite. JUST IN: Royal Family LIVE: Lack of respect! US fury after Harry 'shows face at American event' Ms Pearson told Channel 5: “This extraordinary special treatment could have possibly annoyed other members of the family. “Perhaps Andrew and Sarah, because Sarah Ferguson had famously been not invited to spend Christmas there when her daughters and ex-husband were there.” Sarah Ferguson, affectionately known as Fergie, has been left out of the Sandringham Christmas celebrations since her divorce from Prince Andrew in 1996. Last year, she spent her first Christmas as a grandmother alone while her family had lunch with the Queen at Windsor Castle. Kate, Duchess of Cambridge did not join the Royal Family at Sandringham until December 2011 — after her wedding to Prince William. Anjula Muntanda, a relationship psychologist, said: “Maybe a few people might have felt that their noses were put out of joint because they’ve had to work so hard with the protocol and the rules and the regulations. “And here enters Meghan and is straight into Sandringham. “I think it would have been a very diplomatic line that she would have had to walk.” Meghan and Harry got married at St George’s Chapel, Windsor Castle in the following May. DON’T MISS'Royal-trashing whine-a-thon' Piers Morgan reiterates Meghan Markle rant a year to the day [LATEST]Prince Harry warned over Platinum Jubilee celebration decision with Queen: ‘May regret it’ [INSIGHT]Meghan & Harry’s subtle ‘physical clues’ to 'show fans their marriage is strong' unveiled [ANALYSIS] Their first royal engagement as a couple came just days after their wedding. The Duke and Duchess attended a garden party at Buckingham Palace to celebrate Prince Charles’ 70th birthday. Ms Pearson said: “Charles famously adored Meghan. “She was welcomed as a daughter, even more so than Kate Middleton was at the very beginning.” However, two years after their nuptials, the Sussexes stepped down as working royals. They now reside in Montecito, California with their two children, Archie and Lilibet. Harry's last visit to the UK was in July 2021 to unveil a long-awaited statue of Diana, Princess of Wales, at Kensington Palace. The Duke wants to return with his wife and children but has alleged that he and his family are "unable to return" without police protection, because it is too dangerous. The Queen is yet to meet Lilibet, who was born in June last year. Royal author Brian Hoey told Express.co.uk that Her Majesty is very keen to meet her 11th great-grandchild. He said: "I have heard from people I know within the Royal household, she really would desperately like to see the baby in this way. "I think she would love to, I wonder whether it is going to happen, I would love to think it could." The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, the first of any British monarch, will be celebrated with a four day bank holiday later this year. It remains unclear whether the Sussexes will return to celebrate with the Queen.