According to the reports, Her Majesty worked as a mechanic at the age of 18 years. To pay a tribute to her job, a 70 mile long car run will take place on June 5, in tribute to Her Majesty's seventy-year-long reign and her enduring passion for vehicles.  Organised by the Rotary Club of Bodmin, the event will see 70 four-wheelers travel a 70-mile route from Bodmin, Cornwall to Penzance on June 5. This is the same day that the Big Jubilee Lunch and the Platinum Jubilee Pageant will take place. It will also coincide with a 70km ultramarathon, hosted by Believe and Achieve Events in Portsmouth. Revellers are being asked to add street parties and public events on an interactive map of festivities taking place in tribute to the monarch’s 70 years on the throne.   So far, 311 events and 508 street parties or private gatherings have been uploaded, ranging from beacon lighting and picnics to vintage tea dances, family fun days and the renaming of a steam locomotive in the Queen’s honour. The Rotary Club has confirmed that each car will represent a year in the Queen's seven-decade-long reign, with the first model—an MGTD—dating back to her Ascension in 1952. The Cornwall charity has also revealed that it will finish its run with a 2022 electric jaguar, in reflection of the changing face of automobiles throughout history. The club has been looking for cars in 25 missing years, including 1957 to 1967 and 1975 and 1976. READ MORE:Kate will 'hide feelings' but won't forget  In Portsmouth, the “Platinum Jubilee 70K Ultra” is being hosted by Believe and Achieve Events — Run Pompey on June 5. Competitors can choose between a 70km run, shorter runs or a multi-sport 20km run, 5km kayak and 45km bike ride, and will receive a Jubilee medal at the finish line. Reportedly, the Queen has always had a penchant for fancy cars—especially if she gets to be the one behind the wheel. Despite never needing to receive her licence, the 95-year-old is known to steer herself through the grounds of Windsor Castle in her trusty Land Rover and has been photographed driving solo on multiple occasions over the years. DON'T MISS:Queen 'facing dilemma' after cancelling Commonwealth serviceJacinda Arden’s party slips in polls amid spiralling Covid casesUkraine crisis has unveiled EU’s weak leadership