Britons can now get a one percent return on up to £25,000 of their savings “which changes things”. This guarantees interest on savings that is more than the expected win rate that most people will experience with their Bonds. On the Andy Clever Cash Youtube channel, personal finance expert Andy Webb considered whether it is “time to ditch Premium Bonds,” and whether switching to an easy access savings account “might be better”. Premium Bonds allow Britons to save between £25 and £50,000 by purchasing £1 bonds which will then be entered into the monthly draw. Each month, millions of customers win varying amounts from £25 to the £1million jackpot. Each month there are two winners picked who win £1million each. While the overall annual prize fund currently operates at an interest rate of one percent, the prize draw format means there is no guarantee that people will earn this from their savings. READ MORE: ‘The most successful’ business to come out the Dragons’ Den - ‘almost overnight’ With Premium Bonds being heavily based on chance, and not every person with money invested in it getting that amount of interest, Mr Webb discussed new accounts available that will guarantee a one percent return. The Virgin Money current account customers can now get another linked account with them - an M Saver account - which offers one percent on the first £25,000 that people have save saved in the account. Anything above £25,000 will get 0.5 percent interest. He said: “But broadly speaking, for most of us, having £25,000 in savings is more than enough. “For a lump sum in one place, you are not going to be able to beat right now, the Virgin Money M Plus current account, and M Plus Saver account linked to it. “That is the best you can get right now.” Mr Webb explained that if people want surety of the best returns, the Virgin Plus account is a “really good option”. If people have less than £5,000 in Premium Bonds, their chances of winning enough prices to get close to that one percent drastically reduces. So if Britons have less than this they have “a much better chance” of getting one percent in the easy access account. A benefit of the Virgin Money account is that it is easy access so if it is needed right away, Britons can withdraw their money without any hassle. Withdrawing funds from Premium Bonds usually takes three banking days, he explained. If people have more than £25,000, they could always have their money in both savings accounts, but “you don’t need to have too much”, he said.