During the second instalment of Peaky Blinders, Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) and Lizzie's (Natasha O'Keeffe) daughter Ruby Shelby (Heaven-Leigh Clee) began to see premonitions and speak to a mysterious character named "grey man". As fans wonder who the "grey man" is, Peaky Blinders star Charlene McKenna, who plays Captain Swing, revealed who she thought the identity of the mystery character is. Episode two saw Lizzie ask her daughter: "Ruby, what are you doing, love?" with the young Shelby replying: "I can hear voices coming from up the chimney.” Intrigued by what her daughter was hearing, Lizzie asked: "What voices?" Ruby ominously replied whilst staring at the chimney: "The grey man.” She warned her mother of the "man with green eyes" before scrawling drawings of him. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? Noticing her daughter was burning up, Lizzie called the doctor before trying to contact Tommy and convince him to come home for his daughter's sake. Ruby began coughing up blood which left Lizzie concerned about what she was dealing with, however, Tommy was in Parliament, leaving her to deal with it on her own. At the moment, "grey man's" identity is unknown and could be the soldier Tommy keeps hallucinating about. The man Tommy has been seeing is covered in mud and dust, which could lead to Ruby believing he is the “grey man”. The meaning of "grey man" has been perceived as someone who goes unnoticed and blends into the public. However, Charlene has hinted it could be much more simple, as she explained: "I got shivers when I saw that, I don't know. I think the very obvious, and this is me speaking to you literally now as a fan. "To me, it's one of two things. It's either Tommy himself – although he has blue [eyes]. I mean, green and blue – as in, he's his own worst enemy." She added to Digital Spy: "Or Michael. I mean, Michael is proving to be an a**ehole. That is a technical term. DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders’ fans rejoice as Tommy confirms fan-favourite return [INSIGHT]Who is the grey man? Ruby Shelby’s vision in Peaky Blinders explained [LATEST]Is Tommy Shelby dying? 3 clues Peaky Blinders character won’t survive [WATCH]  "Michael's little ego is turned all the way up to 10. "It could be so many people because he's [Tommy] p**sed all over the place." Tommy's enemy Michael Gray (Finn Cole), has been suspected to be "grey man" due to his last name and the ongoing feud between the families since the death of Aunt Polly (Helen McCrory). Fans have been insistent in finding the identity of "grey man" and took to Twitter on Sunday night to reveal their predictions. @MsGolightyint1 commented: "So, here's my prediction. As others have said, the grey man is the 'Gray man', Michael. Ruby Shelby has the sight. Michael will abduct her. Tommy dies rescuing her, but it is revealed he is dying anyway. #PeakyBlinders." @Mel_Navan predicted: "Could Ruby's "grey man" actually be Michael Grey??? #PeakyBlinders." @Mo_19XX added: "The grey man. Michael? or Tommy's darkness that haunts him? #PeakyBlinders." @_Mutualmendes wrote: "Michael isn't the grey man, too obvious I mean, we all know they hate each other, why give us all the suspense for something we already know #PeakyBlinders." (sic) Peaky Blinders airs Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.