Pruning is the process of selectively removing branches from a tree or shrubs. The goal is to remove unwanted branches which may be dead or diseased, to help improve the structure of the shrub or tree. Experts at Phostrogen® have shared top tips when it comes to pruning in March. Experts at Phostrogen® told Express.co.uk: “Pruning plants is an important but often overlooked gardening task. “Pruning means to cut and trim back leaves, branches and dead matter from your plants, shrubs and trees. “Yet this simple task offers a wide range of benefits, it improves plant health, prevents disease, encourages more growth and allows you to train your foliage.” Pruning away dead matter also helps to reduce the risk of disease taking over the plant or shrub. READ MORE: Where did Shane Warne live? Inside his impressive property portfolio The experts added: “Pruning is also essential if your shrubs are beginning to take over an area of the garden or are overhanging walkways, paths and entry points, to allow clear access and to remove any safety risks.” Pruning can help to improve the overall aesthetic of the garden too, making it look more landscaped. Plants will need pruning regularly to encourage an even and bushier growth too. During active periods of growth, Phostrogen® recommended pruning once every other month. DON'T MISS:How to get a quick house sale ‘without spending a penny’ [COMMENT]Soft furnishings can ‘instantly date’ a home - what to go for instead [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share how not to wash towels - ‘they’ll go nasty’ [INSIGHT] They added: “To prune your plants effectively, simply take a pair of sharp secateurs or shears and cut off any dead, damaged or diseased stems and branches. “After they have been pruned, remember to use a fertiliser to replenish the vital nutrients needed to help plants grow. “Fertilisers comprise of several key elements to help your plants thrive, including Nitrogen, Phosphorus, Potassium Iron and Magnesium. “These ingredients promote healthy green foliage and an abundance of flowers and fruit, as well as help plants become more drought resistant and develop a healthy root system.” In March, gardeners should prune established bush and standard roses as they start growing but before any leaves unfurl. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) recommended pruning summer or late-summer flowering deciduous shrubs too. This includes Buddleja davidii, Lavatory, Pervoskia, hardy fuchsia and deciduous Ceanothus species. They added: “Delay pruning spring-flowering shrubs until after they have flowered, otherwise this year’s display will be lost. “Do not prune slightly tender evergreen shrubs, but do tackle hardier examples if necessary. “Remove any reverted green shoots on hardy variegated evergreens to prevent reversion taking over.” The best time for pruning roses is between January and March because most roses are dormant between this time. Pruning late in winter reduces the risk of pruning during a hard frost, which can end up damaging the plant.