Maureen Renny, former headmistress of The Barn School, left everything to Leigh Voysey, 42, in a new will allegedly composed just four months before she died at 82 in January 2020. The will included a Grade II listed, £1.65m seven-bed house in Much Hadham, Hertfordshire. Ms Voysey is now being taken to London’s High Court under the accusation that she forged the will that will see her claim the eye-watering estate. Ms Voysey claims that Ms Renny, her former mentor, wanted to save her property and eight acres of land from being sold to developers, who had allegedly offered her in the region of £10m. She adds that Ms Renny dictated the new will to her, which she then wrote out herself, in September 2019. Ms Renny struggled with writing due to her poor eyesight. The only witnesses to the dictation were two friends of Ms Voysey, one of which signed on behalf of Ms Renny. However, Ms Renny’s family, cut out of the will, allege that the new dictated will was faked - and add that even if Ms Voysey’s version of events is accurate, the former headteacher had suffered a stroke two months earlier and was recorded in a carer’s notes as “talking gibberish”. Her family claim that this rendered her not in sound mind to create a new will - especially as Ms Renny was described as being confused about money, delusional and “largely living in the past”. Ms Voysey started attending The Barn School as an eight-year-old in 1987, and said Ms Renny had “always favoured her”, including giving her the best parts in school plays, and added that the pair “reconnected” by chance during the last three years of her life when the former head girl was hired as her carer. Ms Renny’s sprawling home at Hill House was the site of The Barn School until 1998, and Ms Voysey says she was worried that the beloved former school building would be sold to developers if left in the hands of blood relatives. The former will, written in 2016, would have reportedly divided her estate between her cousins Gillian Ayre, Angela Eastwood and Susan Vickers, and the children of her stepson, Thomas and Katherine Renny. In papers lodged with the court, Ms Voysey said: “Mrs Renny remembered exactly who I was, even though it was 25 years since I'd left her school. “Mrs Renny told me that she'd been asking about me during the years since I had left her school. The whole experience that day was very touching. “I worked one more shift as a carer for Mrs Renny, then visited her as a friend after that.” READ MORE: Remain campaigner blasts Brexit Britain's trade deals [ANALYSIS] She added that Ms Renny said of her old school: “I hope it never gets built on.” In court, she said: “I think it was more important to Mrs Renny that she left her estate to me to save The Barn/Hill House and the surrounding land from development rather than leave her estate to her distant blood relatives.” Ms Voysey said that her old headteacher asked her to complete the 2019 will, adding: “The blank will was lying on the table in the lounge. I have no idea how the will got there as Mrs Renny was chairbound.” The barrister said it was “impossible” for the blank will to have been there. Kate Selway QC, for the family, says in the defence to the action: “It is the defendants' case that the 2016 will was the deceased's last true will. The 2019 will is invalid because it was procured by the claimant's fraudulent conduct.” Ms Selway denied that Ms Voysey had “any ongoing acquaintance with the deceased after leaving The Barn School”, and said “the claimant cared for the deceased only once for a few hours over lunchtime on February 19 2016.” DON'T MISS: Prince Andrew was meant to 'sit with daughters' at memorial [INSIGHT]How Queen intervened to stop Princess Charlotte from being a 'Lady' [REVEAL]Prince Harry skewered for 'insulting' Royal Family [ANALYSIS] She also claimed that Ms Renny did not make the 2019 will “or any will leaving her estate to the claimant. “The alleged events said to by the claimant to have taken place…never happened.” Ms Selway is also raising an alternative defence to the claim, arguing that Ms Renny lacked the ability to execute the will and did not know or approve of its contents - even if it wasn’t faked. The family also say that, even if she proves her case, Ms Voysey should not be entitled to recover money already distributed from the estate. There is currently £725,000 remaining undistributed. A date for a full hearing has yet to be set.