Aston Villa manager Steven Gerrard has been accused of hypocrisy following his strong message to Bukayo Saka at the weekend. Following Saturday's 1-0 win at Villa Park, Arsenal star Saka claimed he wanted more protection from referees. The England star was on the wrong end of a strong challenge by Tyrone Mings in the first half. It was one of three times Saka was fouled during his 69 minutes on the pitch. In an interview with BT Sport, he explained what he said to referee Andy Madley. Saka said: "I wasn't complaining to the ref but I just wanted to let him know that that's my game, running at players with pace, and sometimes I need a bit more protection when players are purposefully trying to kick me." Villa boss Gerrard was asked about Saka's comments in his post-match press conference. The Liverpool legend insisted Saka has to learn to live with the physicality of the Premier League. READ MORE: Man Utd looking set for Erik ten Hag appointment after new developments  Gerrard said: "It's part of the game. The last time I checked it's not a no-contact sport. I think tackles are allowed, physicality's allowed. "He's a good player, he's an outstanding talent and I love him. But he can't complain about that side. That's football. "I'm sitting here now with screws in my hips, I've had about 16 operations, I'm struggling to go to the gym at the moment. That's all on the back of earning a living in English football. He'll learn and he'll learn quick." DON'T MISSBarcelona make decision on two signings after Aubameyang blitzes Real Madrid [GOSSIP]Man Utd, Arsenal and Tottenham's remaining fixtures graded as top-four race heats up [NEWS]Arsenal's £184m transfer mission on three signings will provide true test for Mikel Arteta [OPINION]  But Arsenal fans took exception to what Gerrard had to say on Twitter and unearthed some quotes from him during his time in charge at Rangers which were hypocritical of what he said on Saturday. In March 2019, following a 1-1 draw against Kilmarnock, Gerrard used the same word as Saka, claiming his players needed more "protection" from referees. Gerrard said: “I’m not sure how many yellow cards there were today, but it could have been eight or nine, and the same people who got booked were constantly fouling, and they weren’t even fouls, they were wiping out my players. We don’t feel as if we are getting enough protection at the moment, that’s for sure. “There are fouls which are fine, sometimes I know you have to make a foul. But there is a difference between a foul and dangerous tackles and I thought there were a lot of dangerous tackles out there."  Gerrard also called for more protection for his players after the 1-0 Scottish League Cup win at Livingston in September 2019. He then made a similar comment before the SPFL trip to Livingston two months later, saying: “We expect a certain level of protection." Saka scored the only goal of the game at Villa Park as Arsenal ran out 1-0 winners. They are fourth in the Premier League, three points clear of Tottenham with a game in hand.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here