Janet Ellis joined Lorraine Kelly on Wednesday morning to discuss Marie Curie's National Day of Reflection and the death of her husband, John Leach. Before the pandemic began, John died after being diagnosed with stage four cancer. After reflecting on how she felt when he died and the discussions people should be having about death, Janet began to get emotional when describing the type of man John was. Speaking to Lorraine about the past two years and dealing with her husband's death during a global pandemic, Janet became emotional. She told Lorraine: "I think the one thing we have learnt over the last two weird years is that we are together in some things. "If we are together in that moment, just for that moment, it is immensely powerful, if it prompts you to do something to get in touch with someone, or just to remember someone or share a photo, then that is lovely too. "After all, the day of reflection, as Marie Curie is rightly saying, is really important because it brings everyone together. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role "As those concentric circles as I talked about in the beginning they don't go out, they're still there." Lorraine praised Janet's strength and said: "You are a very wise woman, he was very special, obviously a very special man." Tearing up at the thought of her beloved husband, Janet described: "He was, he was funny, smart, sexy, we never got enough of each other." Comforting Janet, Lorraine said: "Well, I am glad you had him for as long as you did." Wednesday, March 23, is the National Day of Reflection, where people who are grieving the loss of a loved one can come together to remember the good memories. Speaking about the day and how she coped with grief, Janet said: "With grief and you really only know this when you lose someone, they are bizarrely in the centre even though they are gone. "Then in concentric circles outside of close friends and family and then an outer circle of people who knew you well. "I think it is really important for people to know that on this day and the rest of the time they can get in touch with you. DON'T MISS...‘Just doesn't understand!' Lorraine Kelly makes ‘change’ with husband [INSIGHT]Lorraine Kelly urges Chris Kamara to 'take care' after health update [LATEST]Lorraine jibes at Kate & William's Belize trip 'How many times?' [WACTH] "I know that people think about John all the time, but it is great when they get in touch to say something," she said. Lorraine and Janet both touched on how some people find it hard to talk about grief and have a fear when it comes to comforting someone who has lost a loved one. "I also think there is a timeline of grief, and after a year, it kind of blends into something and nearly two years on as it is with John, you are coming to terms with it. "Life goes on alongside it [grief], I still love doing things, I look forward to things, I haven't become a saint or angel I am still highly critical and a bit bossy and all the other stuff. "You still love them, and I think that love and the love you had as a couple is what you carry with you too. "I have five girlfriends who have lost their partners, they are very different aged and staged, and most of them have never met. "But when John died, most of them independently said to me, the pain doesn't stop, it will get easier, but the pain is always there," she revealed. Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.