There are many ways to eradicate weeds, but the best option is to do so in a natural, environmentally friendly manner. This will not only ensure gardeners don’t cause damage to any nearby plants, it will also be much cheaper than any chemical solution. According to gardening experts, now is the perfect time to get rid of weeds, ahead of summer. Express.co.uk spoke to various experts about their best tips on how to control weeds. Martine Le Gassick, a creative director at Stark & Greensmith shared three tricks to remove the pest in a natural way. She said: “As the garden begins to grow back in spring, so do the nasty garden weeds.  “Harsh chemicals aren't always an option if you have little ones or pets running around.” Therefore, Martine recommended using boiling water, saying: “This can be a quick and simple way of disposing of weeds. “Just make sure to pour small amounts over the area and make sure to keep the area clear until the water has cooled down.” Baking soda is another option. Martine said: “This is great for those stubborn weeds you can’t quite seem to get rid of. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home [INSIGHT]House prices map: 10 regions see valuations soar across the UK [UPDATE]‘The risk is real’: Monty Don shares warning on Gardeners’ World [ANALYSIS] “This should be used on stoned areas like patios as the mixture can kill flowers surrounding the affected area.” As for vinegar, the gardening expert added: “This works best for surface weeds, but doesn’t penetrate further down to the roots. “It’s just a simple quick trick to get rid of any small weeds you can see.” Another method to remove weeds is to use cardboard, according to experts at Rhino Greenhouses Direct. The gardening experts explained: “To keep weeds to a minimum, place a layer of cardboard down and then cover that with well-rotted compost. “The cardboard will break down over time, but weeds will struggle to grow.” Meanwhile, Marcus Eyles, Dobbies’ horticultural director recommended a “weed fabric”. He said: “A really effective, environmentally-friendly way to reduce the growth of weeds is to use weed control fabric covered with a mulch. “This blocks the sunlight from reaching the weed seeds and reduces the evaporation of water from the soil surface, improving soil moisture over the summer. “It’s best to apply this now, before weeds begin to appear.” Furthermore, weeds can be removed by hand. All gardeners need to do is pull them from the ground, making sure to remove the whole root. This will stop them from re-growing.