Shane had been trying to regain his youthful figure before a villa holiday to Thailand.  It was at his Thai villa, on Friday, that he was found collapsed on the floor of his bedroom by his friends. Just last week, the 52-year-old shared a picture of himself bare-chested on Instagram. The caption read: "Operation shred has started (10 days in) & the goal by July is to get back to this shape from a few years ago! Let's go." His family have said that Shane had been suffering health problems before he travelled to Thailand, including exacerbated asthma and chest pains. Warne’s manager, James Erskine, revealed that he had resorted to radial measures in order to lose weight. He had just finished the "extreme and ridiculous" cleanse which saw him only having fluids for about a fortnight. Mr Erskine added:"It was a bit all or nothing. It was either white buns with butter and lasagne stuffed in the middle or he would be having black and green juices. He obviously smoked most of his life." Upon finding Shane collapsed, his friends battled to revive him. Whilst waiting for emergency services, his friend Andrew Neophitou performed CPR for 20 minutes. Local paramedic Anuch Han-Iam said they were working on him when he arrived at the scene. Han-Iam added: "They were desperate. I think one was crying. Really stressed and panicked. They kept trying to wake him. I heard someone saying, 'Come on Shane, come on'. I did my best and gave all my energy. I'm so sorry that I couldn't help him." A police chief has said that Shane had visited a tailor to have a suit made for him early on Friday and had also arranged to have two massage therapists come to his villa. The police chief said: The officer added: "He called the girls to massage. It was just a massage. He didn't die because of the massage. He wasn't well." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea  Warne, who took 708 Test match wickets, was moved from the local hospital yesterday for a post-mortem examination, with his body draped in a purple blanket. He was taken 70 miles to Surat Thani hospital. Police lieutenant-colonel Chatchawin Nakmusik said if there was nothing suspicious the case would be closed. Warne will then be repatriated to Australia where a state funeral will be held in Melbourne. Victoria state premier Daniel Andrews said the family had accepted the arrangements. They said it will be an opportunity "to pay tribute to his contribution to his sport". Wayne had three children - Brooke, 24, Jackson, 23 and 20-year-old Summer - from his 10-year marriage to Simone Callahan. Mr Erskine has said they are in “complete shock” and "expect him to walk through the door" His son Jackson told Mr Erskine: “This is like a bad dream." 