Harpreet Kaur and Kathryn Burn went head-to-head in the finale of The Apprentice, where Lord Sugar chose his new business partner. The two remaining candidates were tasked to develop their own businesses with the help of eight former series contestants by their side. In the show’s final moments, Lord Sugar made the decision to give Harpreet the £250,000 investment for her dessert business but despite her win, the keen baker had no idea she had until recently. Speaking about her victory, Harpreet revealed that despite the series being filmed in 2021, neither she nor Kathryn knew who had won. According to the winner, she explained how there were two alternative endings showing both finalists being hired by the BBC investor, saying: "At that point, we didn't know who had won, because you filmed two endings. “It was a bit of a surreal moment because you film it and then you don't know what is happening." READ MORE:Antiques Roadshow guest stunned over staggering valuation of bookmark She added: "Everything on The Apprentice is filmed as you see it.” Harpreet went on to tell The Daily Star “There's no acting. "At the end, you do have to film two alternates for I'm hired, or Kathryn's hired. “Then we've just sort of recently found out who was the actual real winner,” she said. During an appearance on Friday’s This Morning on Friday, Harpreet disclosed how her initial winning reaction after the announcement in the boardroom wasn’t good enough to be aired, which required another take. The TV star confirmed. “Obviously as you watch the show, someone gets fired every week, but with the final boardroom, you have to kind of act out ‘You’re Hired!’. “I actually had to do it again because my reaction wasn’t very good. “I’m not very good at acting, so Lord Sugar told me to go again and look more excited,” she told ITV viewers. The business owner, who appeared alongside fellow finalist Kathryn, continued: “It’s hard because it’s so intense and you’re just in this little bubble.” Kathryn was hoping to win for her business selling coordinating pyjamas for all the family, including the four-legged. She told BBC viewers: “My USP is dog pyjamas, you don’t get a lot of matching dog PJs on the market.” The 29-year-old entrepreneur launched her Christmas-themed business from her parents' spare bedroom in 2018. Throughout the series, Kathryn had been the project manager twice and secured the first win of the series after creating Bouji Cruises in week one. Despite her winning contributions to previous tasks, Lord Sugar didn’t feel her business idea was strong enough for investment. Having a flair for reality TV, Kathryn had previously appeared on The Island with Bear Grylls in 2017, going by the name Kaggy. Speaking at the time of appearing on the Channel 4 reality show, the self-declared social media addict said she wanted to be taken "completely out of her comfort zone". The Apprentice is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.