Joanna Page, 45, has revealed she isn’t concerned about her four children, who she shares with Emmerdale star husband James Thornton, watching Love Actually one day. The star played a professional body double filming sex scenes with Martin Freeman’s character in the 2003 classic.    Fans of the film will remember the rather raunchy scenes - but Joanna says people are surprised to learn she isn’t worried about her kids (Eva, nine, Kit, six, Noah, five, and Boe, 14 weeks) seeing them one day. She explained to Express.co.uk: “People say to me, ‘Are you worried about when they see that?’ and I say, ‘Not at all!’ because I breastfed Eva until she was three, I am now breastfeeding Boe, and everybody in the house is still obsessed with my boobs. So it’s just like the house celebrates my boobs. “And so when they eventually get to see it, I think they’ll be in hysterics because, ‘Oh my god it’s mummy’s boobs!’ “And they will also think it’s funny if they see any flash of any bum, because they are at the age when they are obsessed with bums, so I am not worried about them seeing that either, I think they will be in hysterics to be honest!” READ MORE: Naga Munchetty addresses BBC Breakfast absence as she slams backlash    But like the rest of the nation, the youngsters are huge fans of Gavin and Stacey’s Christmas specials. “Not the new Christmas special, for some reason that doesn’t really do it for them - but they love the first Christmas special!” laughed Joanna, who played Stacey. “This Christmas, it came on and they sit there and they are genuinely laughing at it. “I said to them, ‘Does mummy still look like that?’ and [Eva] said, ‘No, you are much fatter and you’ve got wrinkles now, so I was like, ‘Oh brilliant!’”   This Mother’s Day, Joanna is hoping to receive a “spa treatment” from her kids who have recently become interested in giving her massages - much to her delight. “Definitely a lie in, I am thinking you can’t beat that. And also breakfast in bed - the older kids get, the better breakfast in bed gets,” she said of her hopes for the day. “Because when they’re really small you get a lukewarm cup of milk with a bit of water as a cup of tea, because you don’t want anybody to get burned. “And then they can’t make toast so you normally get a bit of bread with some butter on. But now they’re getting a bit older, I’m hoping I’ll get something pretty good on Sunday. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal [INSIGHT]Britney Spears thinking about getting 'a boob job' after weight loss [UPDATE]'Won't be cancelled' Expert on Piers Morgan's war on cancel culture [ANALYSIS]    “And they’ll be giving me their homemade cards and presents, which is really sweet, and then just spending time together.” Joanna was working alongside Buzz Bingo, who carried out research that showed despite 38% claiming pictures taken with their mum are amongst their prized possessions, capturing new ones is on the backburner for most people, who take an average of just seven photos a year with them. Over a quarter (28%) said they haven’t taken a photo with their mum in at least six months and 15% admitted it’s been years since they posed for a photo together. However, taking pictures that capture special memories is clearly the way to mums’ hearts this Mother’s Day, as three in 10 (30%) said capturing new memories on camera is one of the top ways to make them feel like royalty.     Having dinner cooked for them (42%) and being surprised with a day out (23%) also appeared at the top of the list. After finding that over half (54%) of Brits want to take more photos so they have memories to look back on, Buzz Bingo enlisted Antony Jones, a Getty royal photographer, to capture some extra special family photographs and make mums feel like royalty. Joanna and her mum Susan Page were the first lucky pair to test out the service, enjoying a truly special day out at Buzz Bingo Tooting, with Anthony capturing their very own family portrait. Joanna and her mum then enjoyed a game of bingo together to add even more excitement to the day. To learn more about how Buzz Bingo or find your local club, you can head to www.buzzbingo.com.    