Liverpool's goalkeeping department could look significantly different by the start of next season, although Caoimhin Kelleher is set to remain at the club. Alisson remains Liverpool's No 1 with the Brazilian regarded as one of the best goalkeepers in world football. Alisson also signed a new long-term contract last summer, keeping him at Anfield until the summer of 2027. The 29-year-old has had his own fitness issues in recent years which has seen others step up in his place. Hip and shoulder injuries last season saw him miss six games in all competitions with both Adrian and Kelleher stepping in when called upon. The latter has since made the back-up slot his own and played his part in Liverpool winning the Carabao Cup this season. JUST IN: Barcelona have four-man shortlist including Liverpool and Chelsea aces  Jurgen Klopp showed his trust in the 23-year-old by choosing him to play over Alisson in the Carabao Cup final against Chelsea. And his performances this campaign have reportedly attracted interest from other Premier League clubs. But The Sun claim that Liverpool will block any attempts from prospective suitors interested in signing Kelleher this summer. It is claimed that they will re-evaluate Kelleher's future in 2023, but both Adrian and Loris Karius are set to leave at the end of the season. DON'T MISS  Both goalkeepers are out of contract in the summer and are not expected to be offered new deals. Adrian proved to be a shrewd piece of business when he joined as a free agent in 2019, filling in for 11 top-flight matches when Liverpool won the league that season. But he's fallen behind Kelleher in the pecking order now while Karius has not played for Liverpool since the 2018 Champions League final. Karius is currently on loan at Bundesliga outfit Union Berlin, but has struggled for regular game time. With Adrian and Karius leaving, Marcelo Pitaluga may be called upon as the club's third-choice goalkeeper. The 19-year-old has been named on the bench in four matches this season, but is yet to make his first-team debut. Speaking last month, Klopp hinted that Pitaluga will be given more opportunities in the future. “I think everyone is impressed by the development of Caoimhin Kelleher, who is ready for pretty much everything," Klopp said. “We all know about the quality of Adrián and the impact he has on training and in the dressing room and he would be always ready to go. "Marcelo is an incredible talent, so the next one in line.”