Ann Marie Davis said the Duchess is “excited” about visiting her country, particularly a cultural show she is due to attend on Friday. Mistakenly referring to Kate as “the princess”, Mrs Davis lauded the Duchess.  She told The Bahamas Press: “They’re looking forward to swimming, they’re looking forward to diving and the princess…she was just awesome. “She’s excited about what she is going to do in The Bahamas. The school visit tomorrow. “She’s excited about the cultural show downtown and she asked if I’ll be joining and I said ‘yes, after my speaking engagement’. “She just loves it. She loved the welcome at the airport.   “She was very happy with the drive, the coastal ride coming down the scenic route they took with her. “So she liked all that and we talked about London. I lived there for four years and then the men talked about other things.” Mrs Davis is a women’s rights activist and treasurer of The Bahamas Humane Society with her husband Philip becoming the country’s Prime Minister last year. The Cambridge’s will be hoping for a more trouble free visit to The Bahamas after a turbulent tour so far. READ MORE:Harry's legal team criticised over 'irrelevant evidence' in court  In Belize, one major stop on the tour had to be cancelled after villagers protested against the royals. In Jamaica, they were also greeted with protesters arguing that the UK should pay reparations for the impact of slavery on their ancestors. Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness also left the royal couple aghast after announcing that his country intended to follow the recent example of Barbados and cut ties to the Royal Family to become a republic. Later that evening, the Duke presented a monumental speech condemning slavery and expressed his “profound sorrow” over a part of history that should “never have happened”. DON'T MISS:  Fergie branded 'disaster of a royal' as she is to be left out of Crown [REVEAL] Dr Shola rages at Prince William in Jamaica ‘people don’t understand' [INSIGHT] Queen urged to axe Prince Harry role as monarch faces 'unthinkable' [SPOTLIGHT]  However, the grandson of the Queen stopped short of issuing an outright apology. Mrs Davis’ positive comments about the Duchess left royal fans gushing on Twitter. One user, @Jay7yn, wrote: “My goodness is Mrs Davis a lovely, gracious, very elegant lady! This welcome is a credit to The Bahamas.” Another user, @StellaRoyal111, wrote: “What a beautiful, simple conversation about kindness. “I loved the Bahamas. Absolutely gorgeous & definite holiday destination.” A third user, @onthego228, added: “What a lovely lady! What a wonderful welcome they gave the Cambridge’s.” 