Kate, Duchess of Cambridge celebrated her fourth decade with the release of three stunning portraits back in January. The Duchess was photographed at Kew Gardens in November 2021 by esteemed photographer Paolo Roversi, and the Duchess is depicted in three different poses and outfits for the collection. Paolo Roversi's portraits of the Duchess of Cambridge have now entered the permanent collection of the National Portrait Gallery. The Gallery won't reopen until 2023, but the stunning portraits of Kate will be displayed at four venues across three locations in the UK, free of charge. The National Portrait Gallery said the places the portraits will be displayed "were selected in consultation with The Duchess herself, who has a special affinity to each". READ MORE: Beaming Kate stuns alongside William in latest pictures of Cambridges  Kate's portraits are part of the Coming Home initiative, and several portraits of other well-known individuals are also being sent to locations they are associated with. The first of Kate's birthday portraits to go on display can be found at St James the Less Church in Pangbourne, Berkshire, which is the Middleton family's local church. One portrait of Kate gazing to the left went on display at the church on Tuesday, March 22, and it will remain there until April 5, 2022. The snap has drawn comparisons to older styles of royal portraits, with Queen Victoria famously photographed in similar poses.  From April 7, this particular portrait will move to the Reading Museum from April 7 to June 4, 2022, as it is close by to the Royal Berkshire Hospital where Kate was born. As well as the side-profile portrait of Kate, two other photos were released of Kate wearing Alexander McQueen dresses earlier this year. The portrait of Kate staring directly at the camera in a daring red one-shouldered gown will be displayed at the Wardlaw Museum at the University of St Andrews in Scotland, debuting on June 13 and remaining until September 30. St Andrews has been chosen because it was the place where Kate first met her future husband, Prince William, while they were studying. DON'T MISS:Kate and William 'crystallised' support for Jamaica independence [VIDEO]Kate and William’s horror as plane once caught in ‘heavy storm' [ANALYSIS]Kate and Prince William hint at future family trip with children [INSIGHT]  The third and final portrait shows Kate wearing a white dress and smiling straight at the camera, and the ethereal snap will go on display at Anglesey's Oriel Mon museum between July 16 and October 2. Anglesey in Wales was chosen as Kate and William lived there in the earlier stages of their relationship, while William was an RAF search and rescue helicopter pilot. Kate has been the royal patron of the National Portrait Gallery for several years, and her own interests in art and photography are well-documented. Nicholas Cullinan, director of the National Portrait Gallery, said: "As one of her first and earliest patronages, we are delighted to be sharing Paolo Roversi's wonderful portraits, taking each to a place of resonance across the United Kingdom for Her Royal Highness as part of our Coming Home project." 