There’s nothing more enjoyable than a hot, mouthwatering pizza and pizza ovens are the perfect cooking additions to any home. The benefits of using a specialised pizza oven over a regular oven is that it cooks much faster and the smoke keeps the crust crisp and tasty. With so many pizza ovens available, it can be tricky to find the right one. To help, here’s a guide with all the information you need to consider when you’re shopping for a pizza oven. And here’s a round-up of the best pizza ovens to choose from for any indoor or outdoor space. READ MORE: Bestselling small portable barbecues for spring 2021 Air fryers for under £80 - 8 budget-friendly air fryer options Best bread-making tools and gadgets for fresh, easy homemade bread 7 top-selling BBQs on Amazon for backyard banquets The first step to finding the perfect pizza oven is to figure out whether you want to use it indoors or outdoors because this will allow you to understand what type of fuel you'll need. Freestanding pizza ovens are big and common choices for outdoor pizza ovens. Portable pizza ovens are also great options because they can be easily transported and set up anywhere. There are several types of pizza ovens suited for different spaces. Indoor pizza ovens tend to be electric while outdoor units can be fired up with wood, gas or both. Make sure you take this into consideration when you’re shopping as you’ll need to buy the fuel for the oven. Make sure you consider the space you have at home and what pizza sizes you want to make. Smaller ovens will only allow you to prepare one to two pizzas at a time but a better space-savers, while larger sizes can cook more and are better suited for big households. Now that you have a better understanding of different types of pizza ovens, here are the best pizza ovens for both indoor and outdoor spaces in 2022. Specifications: Type: portable outdoor | Fuel: Wood, charcoal, gas | Maximum pizza size: 12 inches | Size and weight: 77 x 40 x 80cm (D, W, H), 12kg Perfect for making a wood-fired pizza, the Ooni Karu multi-fuel pizza oven stands out with its versatility and can be ready to go in just 15 minutes. It’s got a fully adjustable air vent that allows for optimum heat control so that pizzas are super crispy when they come out. Buy it from Ooni, Lakeland (£299) Specifications: Type: indoor portable | Fuel: electric | Maximum pizza size: 11 inches | Size and weight: 27 x 47 x 46cm (HxWxD), 15kg A worthy investment, this Sage pizza oven can be used indoors and it takes up minimal space on counter boards. Customers can adjust it manually to cook thin, deep pan, wood-fired and even frozen pizzas and its super simple to use, simply plug in to a socket and store away in cupboards when finished. Buy it from Amazon, AO, John Lewis (£699) Specifications: Type: portable outdoor | Fuel: gas | Maximum pizza size: 12 inches | Size and weight: 63 x 40 x 29.5cm (D, W, H), 9.25kg With no chimney, Ooni Koda pizza oven is easy to transport around and its lightweight, efficient and able to cook Neopolitan-style pizzas in 60 seconds. Designed with a simple ‘letterbox’ style opening, it’s easy to slide pizzas in and its small size makes it versatile to use on table tops and small spaces. Buy it from Lakeland (£299) Specifications: Type: outdoor portable | Fuel: BBQ charcoal, gas | Maximum pizza size: 12 inches | Size and weight: 14.5 x 35 x 40cm (D, W, H), 5.25kg A unique design that makes it great to use for BBQ owners, simply add this Argos pizza oven topper onto a gas or charcoal fuelled BBQ grill to cook pizzas in minutes. It’s also great to bring round to BBQ parties and has a thermometer on it which allows you to keep an eye on the heat. Buy it from Argos (£50) Specifications: Type: outdoor | Fuel: wood | Maximum pizza size: 12 inches | Size and weight: 14 x 19 x 64cm (D, W, H), 20.5kg Sure to be used all summer long, the Dannica freestanding pizza oven is a stylish design that looks great in any garden and uses wood to intensely cook pizzas. In addition, it can also be used as a smoker or a BBQ grill and has design features like air vents and a flap, making it easy to operate. Buy it from Wayfair (On sale for £209.99) Specifications: Type: outdoor portable | Fuel: gas, wood | Maximum pizza size: 12 inches | Size and weight: 57.5 x 45 x 51cm (D, W, H), 24kg Heating up to 500ºC, the Roccbox from Gozney cooks pizzas fast and it's got a thick stone floor that cooks pizza from bottom up for an extra crispy base. Plus, its silicon jacket makes it safe to touch and family friendly. Buy it from Amazon (£399) Specifications: Type: outdoor portable | Fuel: charcoal, wood | Maximum pizza size: 14 inches | Size and weight: 82 x 44.2 x 74.5cm (D, W, H), 14kg With hinged legs and a removable chimney, customers can easily set up this pizza oven in gardens, making it one of the best for transport. Heating up to 380 degrees Celsius, its large size means that it can cook bigger pizzas and reviews love how it makes tasty and crispy pizza. Buy it from Amazon (£184.98) Specifications: Type: freestanding outdoor | Fuel: charcoal, logs, wood | Maximum pizza size: 12 inches | Size and weight: 38 x 51 x 157cm (D, W, H), 22.5kg Ideal for gardens and outdoor spaces, the La Hacienda Steel pizza oven is constructed from durable steel and has a chimney to intensely cook pizzas. Simple to assemble, it's got a stand and can also barbecue fish, veg and meat. Buy it from Argos (£170) Specifications: Type: outdoor portable | Fuel: wood pellets, wood logs, charcoal | Maximum pizza size: 11.81 inches | Size and weight: 40.7 x 81.3 x 83.3cm (D, W, H), 15kg The Burnhard Nero has smart design features like four folding stainless steel feet so that it can be easily packed up and carried around. Whether you want to use wood or charcoal, it’s also energy efficient and its large wooden handle allows you to easily remove pizza and add fuel. Buy it from Amazon (£199)  Specifications: Type: outdoor | Fuel: Dual fuel or wood  | Maximum pizza size: 16 inches | Size and weight: 630 x 732 x 660mm (D, W, H), 58kg Newly launched, the Gozney Dome has superior quality and design, heating up to 500 degrees and cooking pizzas in just 60 seconds. It’s got a extra-wide mouth so that it can easily fit 16 inch pizzas, a 30mm stone floor to radiate heat and can also roast, steam, smoke or bake, making it one of the most versatile outdoor ovens. Buy it from Gozney (£1,499) Specifications: Type: indoor portable | Fuel: electric | Maximum pizza size: 11.81 inches | Size and weight: 35 x 33.5 x 20cm (D, W, H), 4.5kg With a sleek and bright red colour, the G3 Ferrari is the best choice if you’re short on space and can reach an impressively high temperature for a professional home cook. Reviews love that cooks flavourful pizzas and that it gives pizza dough a crunchy taste. Buy it from Amazon (£124.99) Specifications: Type: tabletop indoor and outdoor | Fuel: gel | Maximum size: 6 inches | Size and weight: 22 x 28 x 15.5m (D, W, H), 1.86kg Perfect for cooking with kids, add this beautiful tabletop pizza oven by Artesà to your home and it doesn’t require gas or electricity so you can use it as the centrepiece of your table. Make mini pizzas, garlic bread and its ceramic design makes it a stunning feature in any home. Buy it from Wayfair (£169.99 on sale) Type: freestanding outdoor | Fuel: wood | Maximum pizza size: 11.81 inches | Size and weight: 67 x 56 x 44m (D, W, H), 28.5kg Bake, roast and grill with the Unionline pizza oven which uses wood to fuel and is designed to evenly distribute heat for the most even cook. And for a short time, customers can save £20 when they buy this oven. Buy it from Amazon (£169.99 on sale) While pizza ovens can be used year round, generally customers use them more in the summer time. So consider how often it will be used as you will need to make sure that you will always have access to fuel. The safest bet is to buy an electric outdoor oven so you have constant power supply. Most pizza ovens are designed from stainless steel and often baking soda and water can be used to keep it clean. Always wait until the pizza oven is fully cooled down before cleaning it and buy a brush or scraper to clean off the debris inside the oven. Prices on pizza oven range depending on what type you’re looking for. If you want to invest in a pizza oven and use it for years to come, the average spending is about £300 - £600. However you can also find mid-range and cheaper options around the £150 mark. There are always several deals for the UK’s best pizza ovens so be sure to check back constantly as seasonal sales are great times to bag ovens for a discount.