Manchester United managerial target Erik ten Hag has his heart set on a move to Old Trafford at the end of the campaign, according to reports. The Ajax boss is one of the names in the frame to replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick. However, Mauricio Pochettino and Carlo Ancelotti are being linked as well despite their current commitments to Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid respectively. Manchester United sacked Ole Gunnar Solskjaer back in November, just hours after they’d been battered 4-1 away at Watford. And though Rangnick has done well enough during his time in the dugout, the 63-year-old isn’t being considered as a permanent replacement for his predecessor. Instead, United appear to have Ten Hag and Pochettino at the top of their managerial wishlist - with links to Real Madrid boss Ancelotti also arising over the past 24 hours. Now, the Daily Mail claim Ten Hag has his ‘heart set’ on a move to Old Trafford at the end of the campaign. He’s forged a fine reputation for himself over at Ajax, having spent the last five years operating in Amsterdam. During that spell he’s rebuilt the club, despite a host of big departures including the likes of Frenkie de Jong, Matthijs de Ligt and Donny van de Beek. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ten Hag is now said to be brushing up on his English ahead of an expected summer move to the Premier League. That was apparently an obstacle when Tottenham came calling last summer, with the 52-year-old keen to do his homework to ensure he’s capable of making a difference right from the very start. Other outlets have suggested Ten Hag has doubts over United’s structure and whether he can operate within their existing set-up. Yet it appears he’s sold on the prospect of re-awakening a sleeping giant, with the club continuing to toil in the post-Sir Alex Ferguson years. United may end up missing out on Pochettino anyway, with the Argentine being courted by Real Madrid. Ancelotti has steered the Spanish titans to the top of La Liga however, should they exit the Champions League to PSG later this month, Florentino Perez could bring in a different manager come the end of the season. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Ten Hag has also been linked with Manchester City in the past. However, there’s no indication Pep Guardiola will leave just yet with the Spaniard committed to the Etihad outfit until 2023. If Ten Hag does take over, he’ll become United’s fifth permanent manager since Ferguson’s retirement nine years ago. David Moyes was the first but, ultimately, the Scot lasted just 10 months before being relieved of his duties. Louis van Gaal won the FA Cup in 2016 yet was axed regardless, having failed to steer the club into the Champions League. Jose Mourinho came next and, with two trophies in his first season, made an instant impact. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here However, his fate was sealed in December 2018 after overseeing a difficult start to the campaign - while his surly nature saw him lose the support of his players, too. Solskjaer was only expected to be a temporary appointment when he replaced Mourinho. Yet he was given the job permanently after Mourinho’s sacking having revived the Red Devils during an interim spell. Speaking earlier in the season, meanwhile, Rio Ferdinand expressed a belief Ten Hag would be a good appointment for his old side. “Now I don’t know Ten Hag personally but he’s doing a fantastic job at Ajax. Let’s remember that Ajax isn’t a small club,” he said. “They’re a massive club, the biggest club in Holland. “Yes, it’s different and the landscape is different but it’s still a huge club that he’s got to work with and the expectation levels there every day are to win. “That’s something that will be there every day and would be there if he was to come to Manchester United. “Anyone who comes in, they’ve got to be able to deal with people. “That’s the art of a fantastic manager. “You’ve obviously got to get it right tactically but motivating people on a daily basis to produce the goods is a huge part of it.”