The pair parked their luxury Lexus over a pedestrian crossing in the town of Barrow, Leicestershire and rowed with locals before getting their comeuppance when a passing police officer slapped them with a fine. The man who was driving had pulled onto the crossing before putting on his hazard warning lights as he dashed into the local Co-op. One bystander, who decided to step in and tell the female passenger that they could not stop there, said he was met with backlash and personal abuse - before the police arrived at the scene. Local man Steve Pledger shared what happened on a community Facebook page which then gathered hundreds of comments from people delighted with the outcome. The story was described as ‘the best post on this site since the day it was set up’ by one user. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak considers network of new toll roads Mr Pledger wrote: "Met a delightful couple in the village today. Didn't catch their names, but let's call them Mr and Mrs Privilege. “Parked their lovely expensive Lexus SUV on the pedestrian crossing outside the Coop, hazards on, while Mr. P just popped in the Coop, leaving Mrs. Privilege in the car. "A lady crossing the road caught my eye and we both walked towards the car and firmly, but politely, told her that they could not park there. “We were met with some quite colourful language and she was most put out and angry that she was being questioned.” He continued: "What had it got to do with us and who did we think we were to tell her what to do? I even kindly pointed to the car park, right next to the shop and told her that that was where they should park, not on a crossing at 12.50pm on a busy Friday. "'He's just going to get some cash out!’ she protested. 'We're all just doing something’, I replied. "She told me that she was going to report me and took my photo. I offered her my name and even posed for the photo with a double thumbs up and a big friendly smile. “Another lady came and shared my opinions and also told her, quite respectfully, that they could not park there." In the middle of the altercation between Mr Pledger and the female passenger, a police car passing the scene was flagged down. It then approached the illegally parked vehicle as the driver returned. Mr Pledger claimed: "They started bombarding him (the officer) with their indignation, pointed to me and clearly were trying to report my behaviour, whatever that was. “Anyway, nice Mr. Rural Policeman gave them a ticket, fine and a stiff talking to, nodded at me, smiled, checked I was OK and thanked me. "Mr. Privilege got back in his car, moved off and then pulled up by me. “He called me a few choice names (quite strong language considering he was a seemingly well-to-do Lexus driver, and told me I'd made his wife cry (she wasn't crying, she was as outraged as he was)." Mr Pledger added on the facebook post that the passenger then threatened him, on the driver's behalf, reportedly saying "if we weren't in the middle of the High Street, he'd get out and sort [him] out", to which Mr Pledger replied: "Funny, you didn't mind stopping here a few minutes ago..."