  Loose Women host Ruth Langsford has insisted she is “proud” to be one of the female stars at ITV today. Her statement comes after her husband Eamonn Holmes exited the channel and began presenting GB News.       Ruth, 61, took to social media today to express her ITV pride in view of her one million followers. The presenter shared a picture of the many women working at ITV to her Instagram story in honour of International Women’s Day. She captioned it: “Proud to be part of the incredible lineup of women @ITV.” Ruth also added the #InternationalWomensDay hashtag and a sticker saying “celebrate all women”.     Her declaration comes after her husband Eamonn, 62, slammed the broadcaster for the way they treated him before he jumped across to GB News. Ruth and Eamonn used to present on ITV’s This Morning together every Friday, but were replaced on the show by Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary in 2021. Eamonn began presenting This Morning alongside his wife back in 2006, while Ruth had already been part of the ITV show’s on-air team since 1999. Ruth continues to present on Loose Women, but Eamonn is no longer a part of ITV at all, after revealing he had “no idea” why he had been dropped from This Morning.      He told the Daily Mail’s Weekend Magazine: “No one explained anything to me. “I'm all for TV companies being able to choose who works for them, but it would be nice if you were told why you were going. “They're sly. They didn't want to announce that I'd been dropped because it would adversely affect audience figures, so they made it look as if I'd walked away from them rather than the other way round. “They had a chat with my agent and announced that I was going to GB News when they'd done no more than ask if I'd be interested in joining them.” READ MORE... BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint [INSIGHT] Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] ‘Doesn’t do it for a Range Rover’ James Martin defends Amanda Owen [LATEST]       He also addressed claims that the reason behind his exit was to improve on-screen diversity. “I'm not going to have myself derided as some sort of has-been,” he said. “I may be male and pale but I'm still at the top of my game.” In response to his claims, ITV said at the time: “This isn't a version of events we recognise and as we have said before we wish Eamonn all the very best.”      On joining relatively new channel GB News, Eamonn said in a statement: “I've spent my career on broadcasting firsts and start-ups, and GB News is one of the most exciting yet. “It's just the kind of shake-up the industry needs. "I've admired GB News from the beginning for its clever mix of punchy debate but delivered with warmth and even some fun. "To me, the greatest honour in journalism is to give a voice and respect to the unheard, and that's exactly what GB News is all about."    