According to Kyiv insiders, Russia wants to end the war in Ukraine on the same day it celebrates its victory in World War II. This means that Russian forces are attempting to have the war finished by May 9. According to the Kyiv Independent, the Ukrainian army reported that the Russian armed forces have been telling troops the war must end by May 9. This was also claimed by Russian news outlet Prava, which quoted a source close to the Ukrainian army saying: "According to the available information, there is an ongoing propaganda campaign among the personnel of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation which seeks to impose the idea that the war has to end by May 9, 2022. "Despite significant losses and demoralised personnel, the military and political authorities of the Russian Federation are still not rejecting the possibility of continuing to wage the war against Ukraine. "Violating the rules of war, the occupying troops are destroying the infrastructure of peaceful cities and villages. "Most medical establishments located on the Russian side of the border with Ukraine, near the border, are occupied by wounded soldiers of the Russian army. "Russian troops are also attempting to restore the combat capabilities of its airborne troops." The Russian public observes Victory Day, its most important national holiday - every year on May 9. This commemorates the anniversary of Japan's surrender to the Allies in 1945, ending World War II. Putin launched his invasion of Ukraine on February 24, 2022. READ MORE: Putin says he is being 'CANCELLED' and compares himself to JK Rowling The Russian leader has claimed the invasion is justified on the grounds of "denazification" of Ukraine. However, there is very little evidence to support this claim. Far-right politicians occupy fewer than 1 percent of seats in the Ukrainian parliament. Despite many reports saying that Putin wanted to get the war over quickly, the invasion is still ongoing with Ukrainian forces providing fierce resistance. DON'T MISS: Truss pulls rug from under Putin as key Kremlin spy network obliter... [REPORT] Putin has legs cut from beneath him as Russian morale 'shockingly low' [INSIGHT] Putin warned military 'f*** up' will leave Russia defenceless [ANALYSIS] The Russian army has so far failed to capture Kyiv and has taken a high volume of military losses. The Ukrainian Army has estimated that 15,600 Russian soldiers have been killed in the fighting so far - more than those killed during the Soviet-Afghan War, which lasted for a decade. Between 2,000 and 4,000 Ukrainian soldiers are believed to have been killed, according to US estimates. In an intelligence update provided by the UK Ministry of Defence, it said that "Russian forces have almost certainly suffered thousands of casualties", adding that the army had suffered "considerable losses". The MoD later added: "Ukrainian counter-attacks, and Russian Forces falling back on overextended supply lines, has allowed Ukraine to re-occupy towns and defensive positions up to 35 kilometres east of Kyiv."