Garden lawns often turn yellow in the summer months due to lack of moisture. However, how a gardener cuts their lawn could also have an impact on the colour of the grass. Lawn expert David Hedges-Gowers has offered his top tips to get your lawn in shape in March ready for summer. In a video for Homebase, David warned gardeners about how they cut their lawns. He said: “I often get asked why lawns have gone a bit yellow. “Essentially, this will be down to a simple thing like cutting your lawn with a blunt blade. “What it will do is tear the grass blade as opposed to cut it. READ MORE: Lawn seed: 8 steps to growing grass in your garden before sowing   “Now, that you're looking at putting your first cut on the lawn, essentially it's a good idea to not get too keen and keep the height of cut nice and high. “A good rule of thumb to remember is to only ever take off a third of the leaf blade when you're mowing your lawn.” Gardeners can adjust the cutting height of their lawn mowers. Raising the cutting height will mean that the grass is cut longer. DON'T MISSLawn care: The mowing trick to 'always' use when cutting grass [INSIGHT]Inside Princess Michael of Kent's former £5.75million haunted house [UPDATE]DIY SOS star Mark Millar on the rooms that ‘automatically boost value’ [ANALYSIS] Yellow grass should eventually go green again but it may take time and care. Cutting the grass longer, adding fertiliser and giving the lawn nitrogen or iron supplements should help revive the lawn’s green colour. David said March is also a “great time” to attack moss and weeds. Weeds need to be handled differently on lawns compared to when they’re in beds. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Certain methods and products could end up damaging the lawn itself. David has shared two ways to handle moss and weeds. He said: “The first and simple way is to manually go around and dig them out with a small garden fork or garden trowel. “The second way is to simply go around a spot treat using a lawn weed killer.  “If moss and weeds are a problem on your lawn then why not actually use the simple triple action three-in-one feed weed and moss killer, making it a very simple single operation. “Don't be worried about the moss going black, that's what it's meant to do.” Overwatering a lawn or frequently watering it will encourage weeds to grow on a lawn. Compacted soil and mower blades set too low can also encourage grassy weeds to grow.