Emmerdale serial killer Meena Jutla (played by Paige Sandhu) is currently in prison after being accused of both kidnap and murder. In scenes set to air in the ITV soap, Meena will go on trial for the deaths of Andrea Tate (Anna Nightingale), Leanna Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger) and Ben Tucker (Simon Lennon). However, the nurse could be set free after the only witness who could testify against her pulls out. Meena ended up kidnapping her sister Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker) before trying to kill her. However, luckily for the GP, her colleague Liam Cavanagh (Jonny Mcpherson) came to the rescue and saved Manpreet. While she was held hostage, Meena finally confessed to Manpreet about the people she'd killed, meaning she is the only witness who could testify against her. The doctor's witness statement is also the only one that can be used in court. READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' Manpreet has already been feeling the pressure about taking the stand in court, although, things look like they are going to get worse for the doctor. During Thursday night's double bill, Manpreet attended Meena's preliminary court hearing with vicar Charles (Kevin Mathurin), Liam and his wife Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi). To their surprise, Meena pleaded guilty to kidnapping and attempting to murder Leyla. However, when it came to entering her plea for murder, Meena pleaded not guilty. After Leyla protested to the judge that Meena was guilty of committing murder, an angry Liam stormed out of the courtroom. Meena simply smiled at her sister as she was guided out in handcuffs, as she knew Manpreet would crack under pressure in court. "Did you know she was planning to do that?" Liam raged at Manpreet. "Did you know she was setting us up for a fall?" "No, of course not," Manpreet insisted as Liam hit back: "It's not as if she has to ruin my entire life. She has to rub salt in the wounds." DON'T MISS...Carol McGiffin slams Prince Harry over safety woes 'Why's he special?' [VIDEO]Emmerdale twist as couple split following Dawn Taylor betrayal? [SPOILERS]Vera star opens up on rejection by TV bosses [INSIGHT] An emotional Manpreet replied: "I am so, so sorry." As Charles tried to calm the situation down, Liam shouted: "Why should I? Her sister has just ripped the rug out from underneath us again." He went on to point out that criminals get let off all the time as he added: "You hear about guilty people being let off, evidence is contaminated or lost or a witness goes to pieces on the stand." "Oh, don't say that," Manpreet pleaded. "She did plead guilty to the other charges." Adding more pressure on Manpreet, Liam told her: "I need justice for my daughter, I need closure, I don't know what I'll do if I don't get it." Later on in the episode, Manpreet had a panic attack while in the church with Charles over testifying against Meena in court. She went on to tell him she wouldn't be able to give evidence at all. "What if the defence savages me?" Manpreet fumed. "Makes me confused, destroys my credibility. "If I can't take the pressure now what am I going to be like in that box being torn apart?" "I can't do it," she added. "I can't testify." As the episode came to a close, Manpreet, who was in floods of tears, got into her car and drove away from the village and into a wooded area. As a worried Charles tried calling her, the doctor got out of her car and was last seen walking towards the woods. Has the pressure got too much for Manpreet, and will Charles be able to find her before she makes a hasty decision? If the GP fails to give evidence against Meena, the evil nurse may be released from prison sooner than fans think. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.