Scammers are pretending to be from charties in Ukraine and asking people to donate money. The National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) called it ‘deplorable’ and warned that fraudsters often use current affairs to their advantage. HSBC issued an up-to-date scam warning this month as more people fell victim and lost their savings to common scams. Experts are warning people to be extra vigilant as these fraudsters will use worldwide events to tug on people’s heartstrings. HSBC said it is supporting registered charities who are helping the Ukraine appeal but reminded people that not all websites and fundraising pages are genuine. On its website, it said: “If you want to help the humanitarian efforts in Ukraine, we encourage you to give to registered charities.” READ MORE: Can you cancel your TV Licence if you only watch Netflix? Action Fraud and the NCSC have received hundreds of reports of fake emails. A spokesperson for NCSC told BBC News: "This is wholly deplorable and sadly typical of fraudsters who exploit current affairs to try to trick people. "People should be especially vigilant for any suspicious emails or texts that use topical events and report them to the NCSC. "If found to be malicious, we will take appropriate action to remove these websites." DON'T MISS:Pensioners could get TV licence discount up to £159 - do you qualify? [ALERT]State pension: DWP makes new commitment to triple lock [UPDATE]State Pension to hit £10,600 a year - Sunak faces triple lock decision [INSIGHT]   HSBC also warned people that scammers are using the end of the tax year to trick people. This comes after there has been a spate of fake messages pretending to be from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC). Britons should watch out for messages pretending to be from HMRC saying they’ve received a tax rebate and asking for their account details. If in doubt, call the company on a different number and ask them if they’ve sent it. HSBC offered some useful advice for avoiding scams:  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea HMRC or the police will never call, message or write asking for personal details, a PIN number or money. Before donating money to a charity people can search the Charity Commission register. This will enable them to check if the charity is genuine and their money's going to a good cause. People can report fraud or cyber crime by calling Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040.