WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Peaky Blinders season six, episode three. Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) was reacquainted with the curse of the sapphire in the third episode of Peaky Blinders' final season. Fans of the hit drama will remember the jewel was to blame for the death of Tommy's first wife Grace Shelby (Annabelle Wallis) and most recently the passing of his daughter Ruby Shelby (Orla McDonagh). Peaky Blinders fans last saw the stone in season three, episode three. Tommy paid a visit to Madame Bethany Boswell (Frances Tomelty) in an attempt to seek answers about Grace's death. The Shelby gang leader stole the jewel from Tatiana Petrovna's (Gaite Jansen) family. He gifted the stone to his wife which she was wearing when she was fatally shot by Luca Changretta's (Adrien Brody) assassin. Read more: Peaky Blinders fans in tears as beloved character dies 'So cruel!' Before Grace was shot, Tatiana warned Tommy: "Does your wife know that sapphire she's wearing has been cursed by a gypsy. "Nothing on Earth would make me wear it." During their encounter, Bethany appeared to confirm the stone was to blame for Grace's demise. She branded the stone evil and said: "I can feel the curse burning through my heart." In season six, episode three Tommy was reunited with John Shelby's wife Esme Lee (Aimee-Ffion Edwards). He hoped she could provide answers regarding Ruby's sudden illness. Esme explained where the cursed sapphire had ended up 10 years after Grace's death. She said: "You recall a sapphire? You gave a sapphire to a woman called Bethany Barwell. DON'T MISSWho is Connie Barwell's mother in Peaky Blinders? [INSIGHT]Was Tommy Shelby a real MP for Birmingham South? [INSIGHT]Peaky Blinders season 6: Arthur Shelby's heartbreaking fate sealed? [INTERVIEW] peaky blinders "She gave the stone to her sister, Navadni Barwell. Navadni put the stone around the neck of her daughter and straight away the girl began to cough. She died that night, seven years old. "I heard they threw the sapphire in the river, no one has ever gone to look for it. "I'm guessing it'll be the girl's mother that laid the curse. Only women can lay curses." Esme suggested the mother waited until Tommy's daughter was the same age before laying the curse. A desperate Tommy declared he would pay off the girl's mother with £10,000 and build a monument to the child while desecrating her grave. Unfortunately, the gang leader didn't get the chance to do as he planned. When Tommy returned to the hospital, Lizzie Shelby (Natasha O'Keefe) told him their daughter had died. Peaky Blinders continues on BBC One on Sunday at 9pm.