In an unearthed interview, Julia Roberts, 54, gave a rare insight into family life with her husband, Danny Moder, 53 and their three teenage children. She confessed she had concerns when it came to advising her two sons and daughter, because she didn’t want to “mess them up”. The Pretty Woman star, who is one of Hollywood’s top-earning actresses, was reluctant to impart any wisdom to her children regarding their appearances or dressing a certain way and thought it was best to let them make their own choices. She did have a couple of tips for them, though. When asked about what Julia tells her sons and daughter about beauty and fashion trends, she replied: “It's an interesting navigation because you don't want to mess them up. “You don't want to make them aware of something that it was better if they weren't aware of it." READ MORE: Coronation Street rocked as resident given heartbreaking diagnosis? Julia did say that hygiene was important and feeling comfortable with your look. “I don't know, as long as everybody smells good and has a smile on their face then that is a beauty regime!,” she said, speaking to People magazine in 2017. Julia is mother to twins Hazel and Phinnaeus Moder, 17, and Henry Moder, 14. She shares them with husband Danny Moder. Meeting cinematographer and camera operator Danny Moder on the set of The Mexican, which also starred Brad Pitt, Julia married him in 2002 in a private ceremony. They were both in relationships when they first met. The Oscar-winning actress is the face of Lancôme’s campaign for their popular fragrance La Vie Est Belle. The Hollywood actress has been named People’s Most Beautiful Woman five times. DON’T MISS:Alex Beresford reacts to 'livid' ITV co-star Charlene White [LATEST]Gemma Atkinson narrowly avoids serious wardrobe malfunction [UPDATE]'Sad dogs' Dawn French admits challenges with body as she's got older [COMMENT] Last year, the couple shared rare images of their family life to celebrate their twins’ birthdays. Both parents posted photos of themselves with the family on their Instagram accounts. The snaps showed the family posing for a photo and looking cosy. Last July, Hazel made an unexpected public appearance when she accompanied her dad, Danny Moder, on the red carpet. It was the premiere of Flag Day at the Cannes Film Festival, in which Danny Moder was the cinematographer. The premiere was Hazel’s red carpet debut. She wore a cream lace shirtdress and black Mary Jane shoes. Julia Roberts and Danny Moder celebrated their 19th anniversary together in the summer of 2021.  