As the end of the tax year approaches on April 5, there is still time for Britons to take advantage of a variety of options to contribute to their retirement fund. Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, has provided four top tips which could help give their pension pot a boost. While many employers contribute to their employees’ pensions at the auto-enrolment minimum, there are others who will contribute more if the employee does as well. These extra contributions could be significant and boost a pension over time. Ms Morrissey explained how Britons can maximise their pension pot through increased employer contributions. She said: “With five weeks to go until tax year end there is still time to turbo charge your pension contribution and potentially make a huge difference to your retirement. “One potential quick win is to make sure you are making the most of your employer contribution. READ MORE: Benefits warnings: State pensioners could lose £358 a month if they fail to report to DWP “While many employers contribute at auto-enrolment minimums, there are others who will offer an employer match – this is where they will match your increased contribution up to a certain level. “Over time this can give your pension planning a significant boost so it’s well worth investigating if your employer offers it.” Making the most of unused annual allowances could be another way to give a retirement fund a healthy kick. Ms Morrissey said: “If you’ve got a bit more spare cash, you can also look at making a one-off larger contribution to your pension. “Many people can contribute up to £40,000 per year to their pension and still get tax relief. DON'T MISS‘It’s a corker’ Martin Lewis shares way people can pay 24% less on their energy bills [MARTIN LEWIS]Council Tax 2022 calculator: Check how much YOUR bills are ratcheting up from April [TAX]Premium Bonds winners announced - have you won NS&I's £1million draw in March 2022? [ALERT] “While contributing £40,000 is a tall order for many people, you might find it becomes possible if you have received any windfalls or inheritances. “Making such a contribution – even as a one-off - can have a significant impact on your retirement planning and if left invested for several years could leave you with a much larger pension than you otherwise would have.” Approximately 3,700 Hargreaves Lansdown clients opted to boost their contribution last year by contributing exactly £40,000 to their pension. Most people have an annual allowance for pension contributions of £40,000 per year. However, high earners and those who have already accessed a pension could see their maximum contribution reduced to as low as £4,000 per year. Ms Morrissey warned: “Care must be taken if you are a high earner or have already accessed your pension as your annual allowance could be slashed to as low as £4,000. “Any contributions above this amount could attract a nasty tax charge so keep an eye on what your limits are before contributing.” Some people may be able to contribute more than £40,000 in a year if they have unused contributions from previous tax years by rolling forward their unused allowances. Ms Morrissey explained the ‘carry forward’ process. She said: “This is where you can utilise under-used annual allowances for the past three tax years to make an enhanced contribution to your pension. “If you haven’t made a pension contribution for the previous three tax years, then you can potentially contribute as much as £160,000 and still get tax relief. “Again, this is something only the wealthiest can consider and they will need to check they are not affected by the tapered annual allowance before doing so.” Those who have maxed out their own pension contributions may be able to contribute to their spouse or partner’s pension instead. Ms Morrissey explained: “If you’ve already maxed out your pension contributions, you can boost someone else’s. “For instance, if your partner is not working then you can contribute up to £3,600 per year including tax relief to their pension. “You can also do this for children via a Junior SIPP for the ultimate in family financial planning.”