Spring is a great time to start growing your own crops, with the warmer weather and brighter days providing the perfect conditions for newly planted vegetables. Whether you’re sowing from seed or planting out sets of small bulbs, there is an abundance of varieties which can be grown right now. From leafy greens to flesh root varieties, these are the summer vegetables you can plant this March. The soil is starting to warm up and it’s a great time to start sowing fresh vegetable seeds. While sowing seeds in March, you should seek out mild planting sites with light soil for the best results. The Royal Horticultural society recommends sowing: Add plenty of manure to the planting site and rake the surface to a fine, crumbly texture. Sow the seeds 5cm deep into the soil in rows around 20cm apart. Make a shallow trench of just 1cm and sow the seeds thinly in rows around 5-8cm apart. Water the site well once your seeds are sown. READ MORE: ‘Dust doesn’t stick to them’: The 25p skirting board cleaning hack This sweet root vegetable enjoys open, sunny sites with light soil. Sow seeds in sets of three at 15cm intervals to a depth of around 1cm. Sow small batches at fortnightly intervals from March-July, says the RHS. You should space sets of seeds 10cm apart and plant them 2.5cm deep into the soil. Dig rows of shallow soil trenches spaced 20cm apart. Plant your seed sets around 1.3cm deep in the set rows. Lettuce seeds should be planted in shallow rows spaced just 30cm apart. You should use well-prepared, moist soil with plenty of compost to help your lettuce grow. Sow the small seeds of these bright pink vegetables to a depth of just one inch into the soil. You should keep rows one foot apart in loose soil and keep adding to your crop every 20 days. Plant peas from seed along the length of guttering filled with compost, spacing the seeds around 7.5cm apart. Grow spinach in moist but well-drained soil under partial shade. Scatter salad seeds thinly over a patch of bare soil in a bed or container and cover with 1cm of rich compost. Sow your leeks directly into the soil to a depth of just 1cm in rows spaced 15cm apart. DON'T MISS:How to kill moss - five ways to banish moss and keep it away for good [INSIGHT]Summer bulbs: the three best soil mixes for summer bulbs [REVEAL]When should you plant grass seed? Key date to start sowing [LATEST] Make a shallow trench in rich soil and plant out your seeds in full sun. Sow Swiss chard to a depth of around 1.5cm in rows spaced 40cm apart. Direct-seed kohlrabi in a well-prepared seedbed throughout spring This unique brassica will reach maturity in just 60 days. Sow turnip seeds thinly in 1cm deep trenches spaced just under 30cm apart. To speed up the germination process, you should soak the seeds before sowing. You should use extra fertile soil to grow your summer cauliflower, using a plastic wrap to cover the seeds until they begin to sprout. Plant at a depth of around 1.25cm for best results. The early spring conditions are also a great time to start planting out early potatoes, onions, garlic and shallots. Dig a narrow trench to a depth of 12cm and repeat to create rows spaced 30cm apart. Onions and shallots are best grown from sets during spring and should be planted at a depth of around 2.5-3cm. Split garlic bulbs into individual coles and plant each one 2.5cm deep into the soil. You should always plant garlic with the pointed end facing upwards, spacing each clove around 10-15cm apart. Annual crops such as asparagus and strawberries can also be established in your garden now to secure homegrown crops for years to come.