Bukayo Saka should leave Arsenal this summer if the club fails to qualify for the Champions League, according to ex-Tottenham Hotspur star Garth Crooks. Saka has been a crucial player for Mikel Arteta in Arsenal's bid for a top-four finish in the Premier League this season. However, if the Gunners fail to qualify for the Champions League come May, it would be the sixth successive season away from Europe's elite. Arteta's side are currently favourites to finish fourth, though, two points ahead of Manchester United with three games in hand. And Saka's electric form has contributed to high hopes of a long-awaited return to the big time, registering nine goals and five assists in all competitions this term. But there are concerns over Arsenal's ability to keep hold of the 20-year-old winger if they continue to go without Champions League football, with Liverpool thought to be circling. JUST IN: Chelsea 'contacted' as Saudi consortium joins 10-bid race to buy And whilst picking his BBC Sport Team of the Week, Crooks backed Saka to seek an Arsenal exit for the good of his career if a top-four finish evades them again. He wrote: "If you're a Tottenham fan, it must be excruciating watching your local rivals continue to pick up points as they aim to secure a Champions League spot. "Arsenal's most recent performance against Watford was enough to win all three points, but they still show signs of frailty at the back. READ MORE: Micah Richards responds to 'disrespectful' Roy Keane claim after derby "The reason the Gunners are still flirting with a top-four place is due largely to the brilliance of Bukayo Saka. "The England international has grown tremendously since he played in the European championships and seems to glide through games these days. "If Arsenal can't provide Champions League football for the youngster, then I suggest he finds it somewhere else. Talent like this shouldn't hang around." Arsenal have firmly been a Europa League-level team over the past half-decade, appearing in the competition in the last four seasons before this term. But a second successive eighth-place finish under Arteta last season saw the north London giants miss out on European football altogether for the first time in 25 years. And their absence will have helped them in their bid to secure their first top-four finish since 2016 under Arsene Wenger. Arteta's men will hope to continue their momentum as they charge towards a Champions League return with the run-in fast approaching. Arsenal are currently fourth, one point ahead of Manchester United, and also have three games in hand. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.