Formula One managing director Ross Brawn has admitted sporting officials didn't "anticipate" Mercedes' interpretations of the new regulations to completely reshape the sidepods on their W13, but Toto Wolff and co. should expect some "problems" in the very near future. All eyes were on the Mercedes garage on Thursday mornnig for the start of testing in Bahrain. Reports emerged on Wednesday that Mercedes would debut a radical new design of their W13 following impressive simulator runs. And everyone got a first look at the sidepod-less W13 when Hamilton took to the track. Sky Sports pundit Martin Brundle likened the car design to a melted bar of chocolate where the sidepods are seemingly non-existent. The bold upgrades on their car, where the sidepods appear to cave in with the intercoolers placed in a higher position on the body, has every rival team scratching their heads. JUST IN: First pictures of radical W13 design as Lewis Hamilton shows off new  F1 chief Brawn is no stranger to innovative designs having won the 2009 F1 World Championship with their legendary double diffuser. The former F1 team principal had his first look at Mercedes' car in a walk down the pitlane with Sky Sports. And while Brawn praised Mercedes for their creative design, he does expect some teams to lodge complaints to the FIA. "There is no doubt that the Mercedes concept is something we didn't anticipate," Brawn told Sky Sports. DON'T MISS  "It's a very extreme interpretation of the regulations and inevitably there is going to be a lot of debate." He added: "It's impressive. "I think this is the great thing about the innovation about Formula One. "It's just keeping them within boundaries which are sensible and there are no compromises in terms of the objectives that we wanted to achieve. "I think you have to be fair. When a team comes up with an idea with innovation, with novelty, you shouldn't penalise it straight away. "But I think, as it's understood more, and the FIA really as the regulators will know everything that's going on there. "We don't as Formula One because we're not entitled to have that information, but the regulators will know everything that's going on. "I think they're ok with it so far but of course a team may come in and raise an objection that the FIA have to consider and then you have a problem and I've been through that many times where your idea is ok, the FIA agree its ok and a team comes in with a perspective that has never been considered and have an argument that's valid. "I'm sure there's going to be a lot of discussion about it but it's impressive. For a set of rules which everybody said were too prescriptive, we're seeing all these solutions."