Tens of thousands of people around the world have taken to the streets over the last week to protest against the Russian tyrant's unprovoked attack on Ukraine. In Russia, citizens in cities spanning from Moscow to Siberia have defied threats of arrest to send their leader a clear message - "No to War" - in a series of recent demonstrations. Despite the peaceful nature of the protests, many people ended up being arrested and detained by Russian police. A Moscow protester told Express.co.uk that Mr Putin's war was based on "pure lies" and that Russians could not look forward to a normal future under their present leader. They said: "The situation is simple and transparent - my country has committed an act of aggression towards another country. "The aggression has no justified basis. All the reasons that Putin, the Kremlin and his circle have given are pure lies." They added: "I don't believe there is a future for Russia under Putin. With today's Putin, I don't see a normal future." The Kremlin has tried to justify its attack on Ukraine to the public, by claiming the invasion is a "special military operation" to denazify the country. The protester dismissed the claim as just more shameless lies and said: "There are no fascists in Ukraine - it is not possible. They have a parliament, where there is a tiny minority who are nationalists. "President Zelensky, who is elected by the people as opposed to our President who elects himself, is a Russian speaking President and Jewish and you are telling me he is a Nazi?!" The Muscovite, whose family are originally from Ukraine, explained that they did not believe that protesting could make much difference in today's autocratic Russia. However, they felt compelled to attend, in order to express their disgust at their leader's actions. They said: "I don't see any big practical sense to it now, but I went because the situation had gone too far. "It is really awful to just watch and observe what is going on. I had to express my feelings about what is happening." The protester was detained after approaching police and asking them why they were arresting people peacefully demonstrating against war. After being bundled into a police van, they were taken to the nearby police station, where they were duly processed - a procedure that took almost two hours. READ MORE: Russia cuts off water supplies as horror plans laid bare The Muscovite was then released from custody and will have to attend a court hearing in the near future, when they will be issued with a fine - potentially up to 20,000 rubles (GBP 137). The Custody sergeant warned the protester not to go near any future protests, because this could lead to more serious consequences. They explained: "The copper who processed me said:'I want to give you some advice. Now that we have photographed and fingerprinted you, try and make sure you never go anywhere near any of these demonstrations, because you could be spotted on CCTV. Then you could face much more serious repercussions - much more severe fines or even imprisonment.'" The demonstrator reluctantly believes that only violent protest could overthrow Mr Putin and his regime, although they also stressed that violence was not the answer to Russia's problems. They said: "It (peaceful change) isn't possible. But here is the paradox - violence doesn't change anything either - I mean yes, it is possible to change things, but not for the better. DON'T MISS Texas man sparks fury as he shares video from Russia front line [SPOTLIGHT]Kwasi launches urgent review over Russian gas- UK price shocks soon [REVEAL]West faces 'severe recession' from Russia-Ukraine conflict [INSIGHT] "Those who could change things are those who are aggressive and violent - the question is what comes next after they overthrow the system. They will be even worse than what came before." The unfolding events are particularly painful to the protester given their close family connections to Ukraine - their grandparents and father are from the country. They had just one wish - that the suffering and loss of life is kept to a minimum. They said: "That Ukrainians have suffered, are suffering and will suffer - there is unfortunately no doubt about that. "The only hope is that the suffering is as little as possible - that as few people as possible are killed, injured or have to see their homes and family destroyed. "From my side, what I was able to do, I did and I continue to do what I can -but unfortunately we are powerless."