Charlene White, 41, has been an anchor on Loose Women since 2021, along with presenting ITV News. The presenter has now taken to Twitter to bid her friend farewell, as her maternity cover stint has come to an end. Channel 4's Countdown posted a series of four pictures of Rachel Riley's replacement Doctor Anne-Marie, who stepped in for the mum-of-two during her maternity leave. They captioned the post: "FAREWELL DOCTOR. Tune in to @Channel4 @ 2.10pm for the incredible @aimafidon's final episode with our Countdown family. "You're been an absolute pleasure, joy & inspiration - big love from all of us." Charlene responded in view of her 61,700 Twitter followers: "So so proud of you, you were absolutely brilliant." READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married? Others also took to the comments to praise the star on new beginnings and for her work in her previous role. LiveZoomdown said: "Congratulations Dr. on a great run! Hopefully, we'll see you back on the show in some shape or form in the future. "Perhaps alongside @susie_dent in Dictionary Corner, or maybe even doing mathematical duties again. "Look forward to seeing @RachelRileyRR on our screens tomorrow!" Butterfly1a added: "I'd have loved @aimiafidon to stay on Countdown, she's been excellent and a great role model. "Hope you return very very soon!" ChloeJones1983 commented: "All the best Anne-Marie! You are absolutely lovely and I'm sure you'll be back on telly doing something else in no time!" Rachel also took to Twitter to applaud the star for filling her shoes so well. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears fumes at dad alongside close-up photo of her breasts [INSTAGRAM] Demi Rose stuns fans as she risks wardrobe malfunction [PICTURES] Rylan told to 'grow up' and stop ‘mincing about' amid Ukraine crisis [COMMENT] Addressing her 695,600 followers Rachel wrote: “You made it your own! "Thanks for keeping my numbers warm. "Don’t know how I’m supposed to compete with your blue lip makeup game". Rachel also shared Dr Anne-Marie’s response to the sweet post, which read: "It's been a blast. That's all folks! "Handing it back in one piece to @RachelRileyRR from tomorrow xx." Rachel wrapped up filming with Countdown last October to go on maternity leave for a second time. The star gave birth to baby Noa on November 8 and is now ready to return to our screens. Rachel already shares two-year-old daughter Maven with her husband Pasha, who she met in 2013. The pair got together months after being paired up on the eleventh series of Strictly Come Dancing.