Graham Southorn from Maplebrook Will Writing Bristol warned it is a common misconception that people can avoid paying inheritance tax (IHT) and care fees by going down this route. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk he shared other things they could do to pay less taxes instead. More Britons than ever before are likely to be facing an IHT bill when a loved one dies, because property prices continue to rise while the threshold stays the same. The average house price in the UK rose 10 percent in the year leading up to November 2021 to £271,000, according to data from Statista. It means that more people will find themselves edging ever closer to the IHT threshold of £325,000 as early as 2023, if this trend continues. While there are some savvy measures Britons can take to pay less, one will writer warned about preconceptions around giving away a house to children, but still residing in it. READ MORE: NatWest offers 'tempting' 3% interest rate plus chance to save more Mr Southorn said: “It’s really hard to avoid inheritance tax on your own house. “People think 'I’ll give my house to my children' but unless you pay market rent then you can’t. “You might be able to give a portion of it away but that only works for high value houses. “It can be really complicated - in many cases it’s best to speak to a professional.” DON'T MISSMartin Lewis issues warning to every household earning under £30,000 [WARNING]‘It’s a joke!’ State pensioners demand reversal of triple lock freeze [INSIGHT]Nationwide interest rate rise - 'one of highest' rates on high street [UPDATE] It's not just inheritance tax that people will do their best to avoid paying. Another reason Britons might go down this route is because they want to avoid using all their hard earned income to pay for care fees. Mr Southorn recalled: "I met an elderly couple who were going to put their house in the names of their children to avoid care fees. “I'm glad they took my advice not to do this as it's a really bad idea for many reasons.” He explained: “If their local council thought that their need for care was foreseeable at the time they did it, it could have still formed part of a means assessment for care fees under the 'deliberate deprivation' rules. “It would have caused a lot of stress for their children and may not have saved any money. “Another area of confusion is that people sometimes think if they give away a house, it wouldn't be considered as part of a care fees means assessment after seven years. “This is not true - they are confusing inheritance tax rules with care fees, which have entirely separate rules.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The third and final reason he recommends not transferring a house into a child's name is because no-one knows who will die first. Meanwhile, if children get divorced it could end up as part of the divorce settlement. However, there are some tips he suggests if people are keen to save money: Those who believe they will have a large IHT liability may consider taking out a life insurance policy to cover this, but advice on the matter will be needed. Finally, Mr Southorn recommended Britons spend their money while they can. While he acknowledged this is "easier said than done" it may be one of the best ways to legally avoid a hefty IHT bill. 