Currently, those living in England who do not meet any exemptions have to pay £9.35 per item. However, living elsewhere in the UK means Britons do not have to meet any charge regardless of circumstances. Some feel there should be further financial support, especially for individuals who have chronic or long-term illnesses. To this end, a petition has been shared on the Parliament website urging action on the matter. The petition states: “Extend the criteria for medical exemption certificates. The MedEx criteria should include chronic illnesses as acknowledged by the NHS. “This includes but is not limited to MS, PCOS, endometriosis, IBD, POTS, depression, anxiety and Ehlers Danlos Syndrome.” READ MORE: PIP claimants 'could lose Warm Home Discount in change to DWP rules' It explained how chronic conditions can drastically impact every day life, meaning many are forced to give up work or reduce their hours. With finances impacted, some people may not have sufficient funds to meet the £9.35 per item charge - especially if they have a wide range of medications to take. The writer of the petition, Mia Vallely, pointed towards the fact she had been given 20 different medications in this year alone. She added: “Chronic and long-term conditions are not curable, but treatable. This treatment shouldn’t be down to privilege.” DON'T MISSState pension alert: Grandparents could boost sum by £2,340 [INSIGHT]State pension alert as DWP may speed up age increases [LATEST]Sturgeon renews support for WASPI women [UPDATE] The petition has exceeded the 10,000 signatures needed for an official response, with 18,689 signatures at the time of writing. As such, the Government has issued further insight into the matter. It said: “The Government understands the immense challenges faced by those living with chronic or long-term conditions, often having to limit their lifestyles through no choice of their own, as well as the impact on their loved ones. “We recognise that many patients with these conditions may need many prescription items to manage their health needs. “While not everyone qualifies for free NHS prescriptions there are a broad range of NHS prescription charge exemptions in place in England to help those patients with the greatest need, to ensure that prescriptions are affordable. “When the medical exemptions were first introduced, only 42 percent of all NHS prescription items were dispensed free of charge. Now the figure is approximately 89 percent with around 60 percent of the English population not paying prescription charges at all.” However, the Government has said there are no plans to make changes to the list of medical conditions. Many people who have medical conditions which are not on the exempt list already get free prescriptions on other grounds, it was added. The Government pointed Britons towards the NHS Low Income Scheme (LIS), which offers help with health costs on an income-related basis. It will compare someone’s income and requirements at the time a claim is received, or at the time a charge was paid if a refund is being claimed. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea In addition, some Britons may also benefit from a prescription prepayment certificate (PPC). Those who need many prescription items could benefit by saving money in this manner. A three-month PPC currently costs £30.25, with an annual PPC costing £108.10. The annual PPC will save individuals money should they need more than 11 items within a year. Furthermore, to help people manage the cost, individuals can pay for an annual PPC through 10 monthly direct debits.