The Queen has signalled her support for the Duke of York by arriving with her disgraced son for the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service which paid tribute to a "remarkable man". Andrew provided a steady arm for the Queen as she walked into Westminster Abbey to remember the life of her husband, a few weeks after reaching a multimillion-pound out-of-court settlement in a civil sexual assault case after strongly denying the allegations made against him. Political commentator Owen Jones has lashed out at Andrew for his friendship with Jeffrey Epstein. Speaking on the Jeremy Vine show, Mr Jones said: "I don't know the internal workings of the British monarchy and I don't think most people do except for people are the very top but I have an old-fashion view of this, if you don't want to end up being barred from public life, don't associate yourself for many years with a paedophile and a rapist. "Don't end up in a situation where you're settling millions of pounds to a survivor who has publicly accused you of rape. "But that's the situation he's in. "Being in public life is not a right, it's not a right people have. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Queen have allowed Prince Andrew to escort her? "A vast majority of people aren't in public life. No one's saying you should be barred from your dad's funeral obviously even people who commit the most gross crime should be allowed to go to their parents' funerals. "The issue is being given a ceremonial role. "The Queen was completely to allow that to happen and even though, Prince Charles and Prince William rightly objected to it, I think more should have been done." Andrew's role at the memorial service has raised the prospect of Andrew putting in an appearance during the Platinum Jubilee weekend. Andrew had been banished from royal life, first bowing out of royal duties in 2019 after his disastrous Newsnight appearance over his friendship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. This January, he was stripped of his honorary military titles and patronages by the Queen, and forced to relinquish using his HRH style amid his legal battle. If the Jubilee service of thanksgiving in St Paul's Cathedral on June 3 is considered to be a family occasion, Andrew could be among the congregation, alongside other non-working royals. Royal expert Joe Little, of Majesty magazine, suggested: "I think he will be there. DON'T MISS US TV host slammed for comparing Will Smith's Oscar slap to Meghan [INSIGHT]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [VIDEO]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [ANALYSIS] "Although the Queen is head of state, she is also head of the family as well and in that capacity all her children should be with her." He added the royal family may take stock following the media's response to Andrew's role at Philip's service. Mr Little said: "It is a hard one to predict. It will depend on how the royal family react to some of the newspapers' front pages today. "Of course, they're not known to react in the way that you think they might."