American movie star Demi Moore posted two sensational snaps to her Instagram account yesterday, leaving followers in utter disbelief. More than 71,000 hit the like button on the post to praise the 59-year-old's youthful appearance. Her long dark hair cascaded below her waist, in a "soft glam" aesthetic which she attributed to hairstylist @gregoryrussellhair, a Global Artistic Ambassador at Pureology and makeup artist @jostrettell. Demi showcased her flawless features and glowing skin in the snaps. She wore a high-collared navy blue denim dress, which was daintily drawn in at the waist by a matching belt. Fans were not shy about offering their praise, including @joshdiaz777 who branded her the "ultimate dream girl". READ NOW: Robert Rinder shares update on partner Oksana's Ukrainian family Fashion designer Marc Jacobs posted a string of heart emojis for the star. "Perfection," echoed @cassandragrey. @michal.dabrowski.96 chimed in to voice that the actress was "invariably delightful, feminine, beautiful" and had been his "dream for over 30 years". @paoloesp91 added: "You are always young, always beautiful! Unbelievable." Other admiring fans compared her age-defying beauty to the likes of actress Courteney Cox and singer Cher. @relly_rell_101 gushed: "I've been in love with you since I was a kid...gorgeous." Although Demi is based in the United States, her often high-fashion attire has drawn regular attention from the European couture crowd. The Ghost actress headed to Europe for Paris Fashion Week earlier this month, where she posted from a location right beside the Eiffel Tower. DON'T MISS... 'Can't wait!' The Repair Shop's Will Kirk teases move away from show [UPDATE] 'Can't believe it' Dick Strawbridge bids farewell to special show [LATEST] Will Smith fires back at Rebel Wilson's joke about his marriage [DEBATE]  "What an honor to have been present to experience this magnificent, inspired collection with such a breathtaking view serving as the backdrop!!" she captioned. She tagged Yves Saint Laurent (YSL) and the brand's creative director Anthony Vaccarello in the photos, which included the models of the moment strutting on the catwalk. Marc Jacobs and model Poppy Delevingne, sister to Cara Delevingne, also praised the Hollywood star. Demi often showcases her youthful appearance in a number of photos on Instagram. In 1996 she was reportedly paid more money than any other woman in movie history for her lead role in Striptease, taking away a massive $12.5 million paycheque. Since then, she has been vocal about her desire for women to earn an equal salary in Hollywood in comparison to men and is regarded as a pioneer for feminism and equality in the industry. Meanwhile, Demi doesn't just look like a "doll" in the eyes of her Instagram followers, but is also a devoted collector of them, having bought a separate building to house over 2,000 of the figurines.