   Norway's Prime Minister Jonas Gahr Støre said: "It is with great sadness we have received the message that four American soldiers died in a plane crash last night. "The soldiers participated in the NATO exercise Cold Response. "Our deepest sympathies go to the soldiers' families, relatives and fellow soldiers in their unit." A JRCC spokesman said that the status of the people on board was unknown. He said: “It has hit the ground. “We found it after an emergency signal was received. Because of the bad weather, we cannot get down. “Police and rescue services are on their way [by land].” A rescue helicopter and a Norwegian military Orion plane were searching the area and made a find from the air at 8.17pm GMT, the spokesperson said. Nordland police chief of staff Bent Eilertsen told Reuters: “We've discovered an aircraft that has crashed. We've seen no sign of life. “We've been told it's an American aircraft with four Americans on board.” He added: “It's dark, the weather conditions are bad and there is a risk of avalanche.” According to local reports, land rescue efforts are still “several hours” from the crash site. READ MORE: Ukraine war LIVE: Russian paratroopers facing massacre A statement from The II Marine Expeditionary Force, the unit the MV-22B Osprey is with, read: “II Marine Expeditionary Force is aware of a mishap involving a US Marine Corps MV-22B Osprey assigned to II MF in Norway on March 18, 2022. “The Incident is currently being assessed. “The aircraft was participating in Exercise Cold Response 2022. “Norwegian civil authorities are leading the search and rescue efforts at this time. “We are grateful for their efforts and will assist them in the search and rescue in all manners possible. “Although the nature of military service is inherently dangerous, the safety of our marines, sailors, allies and partners is our top priority. “More information will be released as it becomes available.” DON'T MISS:Putin turmoil as Russian soldiers 'refuse to come home' [REVEAL]Boris and Biden's master plan to cripple Putin with £1.1tn blow [INSIGHT]Boris savages 'white flag-waving' SNP for trying to ditch nukes [SPOTLIGHT] LtCol Stine Barclay Gaasland of the Royal Norwegian Airforce said “everyone is deeply affected” by the crash. She said: “They’re allies and good colleagues of ours, which we regularly train with.” Local reports suggest a rescue team, comprising about 20 people, was sent to the crash site on snowmobiles. Rune Thomas Ege, ex-foreign affairs reporter at Norwegian tabloid newspaper Verdens Gang, tweeted: “Approximately 20 ppl strong ground team using snowmobiles have as of 11.30pm local time yet to reach the crash site in somewhat remote Gråtådalen, Northern Norway. “Weather deteriorating with severe risk of avalanches, according to TV reports.” Norwegian Police reported the plane has been found crashed in the mountains and that the crew has “probably” died. Mr Eilertsen has confirmed that there are signs of survivors. He said: “We see no signs of life either in or around the plane.” He continued to say the rescue helicopter had observed the aircraft and seen “major damage”. 