Last week, Putin began a full-scale invasion of the former Soviet nation despite weeks of talks and threats of sanctions from the West. According to the UN, more than one million refugees have fled Ukraine in just a week. But now, reports have emerged that Russians - many who have protested the invasion - are fleeing their homeland. Russian environmental journalist, Alec Luhn, tweeted: "I've left Russia amid reports martial law could be declared & borders closed. "Tickets mostly sold out. Packed flight. "Other passengers said they were afraid to be trapped in Russia, arrested or conscripted to fight a war they don't support. "Don't know if they'll be able to return." Trains to Helsinki have soared in price in response to Russia's invasion. Those looking to leave St Petersburg today for the Finnish capital could be hit with staggering train fares. According to the RussianTrain website, a single ticket for the three-hour train journey will cost between £5,592.19 to £7,555.09. READ MORE: Brexit blamed again! Leaving EU at fault for failure on sanctions European travel firm Omio states the usual fare for the three hour 27 minute trip is €59. Flights from Moscow to Yerevan have also soared in price to around €1,700. Thousands of Russians are reported to have been detained for protesting against the invasion of Ukraine. Russian authorities are also cracking down on peaceful protests. DON'T MISS Horror as Russian troops recreating 'deadly Nazi siege' [COMMENT] Disgust after India refuses to vote against Russia [REVEAL] World must sent a clear message to Putin after brutal use of bombs [INSIGHT] According to Sky News, five children and an elderly woman are among the Russians who have been arrested for protesting against the war. Yelena Osipova, 77, had been attending a protest in St Petersburg.  Those standing near her had been applauding her when two officers approached, spoke to her and appeared to try and take her posters. Eventually, the officers took her by the arm and guided her away but a group of five or six more officers followed as the woman was dragged away. According to independent Russian human rights group Ovd-Info, more than 7,600 people have been detained at anti-war demonstrations in the country since the day Russia invaded. Jailed Kremlin critic Alexey Navalny urged Russians to stage daily protests against Putin's invasion.  He said the country should not be a "nation of frightened cowards" and called Putin an "insane little tsar". He posted on social media: “I am urging everyone to take to the streets and fight for peace. “If, to prevent war, we need to fill up the jails and police vans, we will fill up the jails and police vans. “Everything has a price and now, in the spring of 2022, we should pay that price.” According to reports, the maximum prison sentence in Russia for protesting is around seven years. However, in the UK under the police, crime, sentencing bill, people could face up to 10 years for any protest which is noisy or causes "serious annoyance".