But the term – Latin for ‘between the seas’ – defined an idea, which has long held sway in central and eastern Europe, of drawing together countries in that region as a third pole between western Europe on the one hand and Russia on the other, replacing a ‘grey zone’ which has evolved between the two. Like-minded countries of central and eastern Europe – rejecting the progressive ideals of Brussels but also the authoritarianism they see in Moscow - could enhance their own power and status without any further enlargement of the EU and NATO, seemingly off-limits now to Ukraine. The Intermarium idea is loosely based on the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, one of the world’s major powers in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. Today the idea may be gaining traction in the shadow of the conflict in Ukraine and amid a security vacuum created in the region. For much as we hear about European unity, the reality is that the EU is no less united now than it was before the conflict. The cultural and social division splits a liberal west from a conservative east. The European Parliament’s recent resolution calling for the EU to block funds to Hungary and Poland over perceived failings in their judicial systems was another manifestation. Given that both countries have willingly taken in the bulk of Ukrainian refugees, the resolution seemed ill-timed to say the least. Little wonder that the EU is looking to cut Poland at least some slack now given that the country’s population has swelled by around two million in a matter of weeks. But this is likely only a temporarily reprieve given that underlying tensions remain. Moreover, despite calls to fast-track Ukrainian accession to the EU – most notably in central and eastern Europe, which sees in Ukraine a kindred spirit – western European countries are largely cooler on the idea, perhaps wary of another Hungary or Poland on their hands in the years ahead. The conflict in Ukraine is ongoing and it is difficult to see how it resolves itself, or what post-war Ukraine’s borders look like. But one possibility is that Ukraine – knowing that membership of the EU and NATO are off the table – could throw its lot in with the conservative democracies in its region.  For Poland and Hungary, and its allies such as the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Slovenia, there would be the advantage of strength in numbers, given how these countries continue to be marginalised in Brussels, despite their increasing importance to European manufacturing and security. Of course, such an alliance may not be hostile to Russia in perpetuity. Historically, there was an attempt at a Polish-Lithuanian-Muscovite Commonwealth. We don’t know how attitudes to Moscow may change once Putin leaves office. At 69, the Russian President cannot be expected to remain in power much longer. It is also possible that relations with Brussels could thaw. But it seems highly unlikely that the cultural divide within Europe is going to change. The likes of Hungary and Poland enjoy the trade benefits of the EU, but continue to resists attempts to infringe upon their sovereignty and identity. But there would likely be greater willingness to pool sovereignty in a group of like-minded countries. Again, post-war Ukraine may feel it cannot wait upon Brussels and, without the security guarantee of NATO, may seek security in an extension of the current Visegrád Battlegroup which already draws in the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia. For all the talk then of European unity, western Europe isn’t going to abandon federalism or its progressive ideals anytime soon, and nor are countries in central and eastern Europe going to abandon flag, faith and family. If a new Europe is about to be born, perhaps it will emerge in a new central and eastern European confederation which has been centuries in the making. 