Nick Torres (played by Wilmer Valderrama) and Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) are packing their bags and heading to Hawaii in the next episode of NCIS as they team up with NCIS Hawaii’s Jane Tennant (Vanessa Lachey) for the first time. And to get excitement levels rising among the fandom, CBS has released a series of first-look snaps and promos to tease what’s in store. However, it’s clear to see the two teams may not be as friendly with one another as fans expect when they step into each other’s worlds. The premise for the crossover events stems from Tennant reaching out to Torres about a witness from an old case the two agents previously worked on together. The synopsis for the crossover from CBS reads: “NCIS investigates the apparent suicide of a retired Navy officer who was in Palmer (Brian Dietzen) and Knight’s grief group. “Also, Torres gets a call from Special Agent Jane Tennant to come to Hawaii when she gets a lead on a witness from a case they worked on together.” And the newly-released promo wastes no time in throwing viewers into the thick of the action as fans get to see the two teams together on-screen for the first time. READ MORE: NCIS LA season 13: Callen’s undercover mission ‘blown'? It kicks off with Torres, Knight and McGee (Sean Murray) gathered in the NCIS office. “A missing witness from an old case (has) turned up at the Honolulu office,” Torres tells his colleagues with a rather puzzled look on his face. Spotting the chance for a getaway, McGee jokes: “Sounds like we all need a vacation.” Sadly, it’s been confirmed McGee doesn’t make the journey to the Pacific island - although Torres may wish he had done as it soon becomes clear he and Tennant aren’t going to see eye to eye. The promo cuts to the two speeding across Hawaii, presumably on the hunt for a lead or suspect in light of the witness’ new statement. “My case,” Torres barks at Tennant as the two clearly clash over how to approach the case. But Tennant stands her ground, hitting back at the agent: “My island.” Will the two be able to work together to get to the truth or could this foreshadow a clash which threatens to derail the entire thing? DON'T MISS:Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star will join him on CBS seriesNCIS season 19: Will Jessica Knight and Jimmy Palmer get together?NCIS' Pauley Perrette applauded for candid anti-war post Elsewhere in the promo, it looks like Ernie (Jason Antoon) will be relishing the newfound alliance. “Groovy, huh?” he asks Knight after showing off his skills in the office. “Totally,” Knight replies, so could Ernie have just cracked the case leading to Knight’s amazement? Whatever revelations emerge from the crossover event, sadly fans will be waiting a while to discover what the fallout will be. NCIS won’t air in its typical Monday night slot the following week, with a rerun of season 19 episode False Start penned to air. And the same goes for NCIS Hawaii as a new episode will also be pushed from its weekly slot. Instead, the NCIS Hawaii episode The Game will be repeated in its place. NCIS season 19 and NCIS Hawaii continue Mondays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.