Aside from sharing proud moments, Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge has been open about her parenting struggles. The Duchess has been particularly vocal about her experience with "mum guilt" when leaving Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis to conduct her own duties. Channel 5's royal documentary 'Kate: Our Queen in Waiting' explored the ins and outs of the life of our future Queen. Victoria Murphy, a royal reporter for the Daily Mirror, spoke about how Kate took ‘a bit of a risk’ upon sharing her personal struggles with George, Charlotte, and Louis. She said: “When you hear Kate give a podcast interview and they touch on areas such as mum guilt, it was a bit of a risk that there may be a backlash. “People may say actually how can you relate to the struggles of ordinary people." Kate welcomed her and Prince William’s first child, Prince George, in July 2013. JUST IN: Prince George tipped to attend upcoming engagement alongside Kate and Prince William Princess Charlotte arrived two years later in May 2015. The Cambridge’s welcomed their third child, and second son, Prince Louis in 2018. Kate spoke to Giovanna Fletcher on her podcast ‘Happy Mum, Happy Baby’ in early 2020. On the podcast, Kate described herself as a “hands-on mum” and added “whatever you’re doing you want to make sure you’re doing the uttermost best job you can for your children”. Speaking on her experience with mum guilt, she said: “It’s a constant challenge, you hear it time and time again from mums. READ MORE: Kate and Prince William fly in to save Commonwealth “And always sort of questioning your own decisions, and your own judgments, and things like that, and I think that starts from the moment you have a baby.” During the interview, the Duchess also spoke openly about her pregnancies and hypnobirthing. When speaking about her pregnancy experience, Kate described herself as “not the happiest of pregnant people”. This is because she has suffered from a form of severe morning sickness called hyperemesis gravidarum with all three of her pregnancies. Prince Charles was given marriage 'ultimatum' by father Prince PhilipKate Middleton stuns fans with return of classic hairstyle - 'Goddess walking amongst us'Royal Family LIVE: Harry warned of throwing away his 'last chances' with major decision News of her suffering from hyperemesis gravidarum led to her pregnancy news being announced early on. She added: “Lots of people have it far, far worse, but it was definitely a challenge. Due to her struggles with morning sickness, Kate looked into hypnobirthing. She said: “This was something I wanted to do for myself. “I saw the power of it really, the meditation and the deep breathing and things like that, that they teach you in hypnobirthing, when I was really sick, and actually I realised that this was something I could take control of, I suppose, during labour. It was hugely powerful.” In the Channel 5 documentary, Ms Murphy added: “I think the reason that worked so well is because of the sincerity and the way that she lives her life”.