Prince William and Kate Middleton announced that they will be visiting the United States this year, as Prince William's environmental initiative, The Earthshot Prize, will hold its second ceremony there. It is expected the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will stop in California along the way. But what will the reunion be like? Royal expert Neil Sean explained it is "unlikely" the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will stay at Harry and Meghan's. Mr Sean said on his YouTube Channel 'Neil Sean’s Daily News Headlines': “There is growing speculation as to where and when exactly the Duke and Duchess would reside when they go over to the United States. They’re not just visiting one place of course, they are going to quite a few states.” Mr Sean questioned “why or if the Duke and Duchess will make a call to that lovely place called Montecito. Can’t quite see it myself! Can you?" READ MORE: 'Tragic': Kate Middleton's body language shows 'suppressed distress'  He said: “Sharing the bathroom, or indeed using the multi-blender in the kitchen, or in fact even the waffle maker that her Majesty sent over as a present!” However, Mr Sean explained it unlikely Kate and William will stay there due to "security" reasons. He said: "It is really more to do with the fact that they could not, of course, stay there, only because of security. Not secure by royal standards." A source told Heatworld that Harry and Meghan “feel very strongly about this and think it’s important that the Cambridges stay with them if they come over – it would seem odd if they didn’t. "They’re certain that there would be no better way for them to put aside their differences than by spending quality time together in the California sunshine. "Away from the meddling and negativity they would have to encounter in England. And Meghan feels that they would be playing by her rules because they would be in her home and her home country. The house is more than spacious enough," they explained. According to the source, the Duke and the Duchess of Cambridge would have their own space when staying in Los Angeles home: "There would be ample opportunity to arrange for practicalities such as security and private transportation. And the Cambridges would have their own sleeping facilities and staff to take care of their daily needs. “The children will be well catered for, they would be able to play around in the back garden, and enjoy walks on the beach together in paradise. "For Harry and Meghan, it’s just a no-brainer and only fair, plus it would send the world a powerful message that they’re letting bygones be bygones. They want to build bridges with William and Kate, introduce the kids to their cousins and show them in person what their life is like in America.” Royal expert Jonathan Sacerdoti said: “It’s a sort of lose-lose situation. If [William and Kate] get invited and they decline, it seems petty and nasty. And if they don’t get invited, it seems petty and nasty from the other side. And if they do accept such an invitation and something goes terribly wrong, that seems like a bad idea. I can’t quite see how this would work,” he told Us Weekly. Body language expert Believingbruce explained there is a "huge difference" between the two couples. He said that while staying in the same house, in his opinion, Meghan would be the one "in control". He said: "When we look at the ‘connecting’ nonverbal communication and subliminal gestures that exist between both couples, there is a huge difference between the supportive connection that lies between Kate and William and the submissive connection that exists between Harry and Meghan. "Between Kate and William we see a high degree of similar behaviours, mirroring if you will. This is in stark contrast to the submissive behaviours that Harry shows towards Meghan. "This is often when Meghan is about to say something, or has said something and she is encouraging Harry to go along with the view by the firm touch of the palm of her hand. Even within the Oprah interview, Meghan used the touch frequently to remind Harry who was in charge. This is a controlling gesture, make no mistake," Bruce said. Although Prince Harry and Prince William saw each other at Prince Philip's funeral and during the unveiling of Princess Diana's statue last year, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge haven't met Lili yet and it has been two years since they last saw Archie.