Some 400,000 additional people could claim Carer’s Allowance from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to make up for the fact that they will be able to take less hours on at work. This under-claimed benefit works out at £292 a month and could be a lifeline to cash-strapped Britons right now. More than 13 million (13.6) Britons provide unpaid care to someone they know saving the economy £132 billion every year, according to Carers UK. Many people don’t claim state benefits because they don’t know the eligibility rules or may believe there is a stigma associated with asking for Government help. However, charities say there has never been a more important time to check benefits entitlement. It could help those who are struggling financially to offset the rising cost of living. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payment: Could you be due a payment from DWP? To qualify for Carer’s Allowance, people need to be looking after someone for 35 hours or more a week. They must also be earning no more than £128 a week after tax and National Insurance to be eligible for this DWP benefit. They don’t have to live or be related to the person they are caring for. Caring responsibilities could include helping someone with tasks like washing, cooking or taking the patient to a doctor’s appointment. DON'T MISS:‘It’s a joke!’ State pensioners demand reversal of triple lock freeze [UPDATE]Shoppers warned as credit and debit cards could decline from Monday [WARNING]Sunak launches new inheritance tax and capital gains tax grab in April [INSIGHT] While claiming Carer’s Allowance could mean an extra £292 a month, it may affect someone’s other benefits so that they don’t receive this full amount. However, it’s worth doing as it won’t mean people end up with less money in their pocket. The Government website states: “When you claim Carer’s Allowance your other benefit payments may change, but your total benefit payments will usually either go up or stay the same. “Carer’s Allowance does not count towards the benefit cap.” The person they are caring for must also be claiming Personal Independence Payment (PIP), Attendance Allowance, Disability Living Allowance or Child Disability Payment. It’s important to let the person know as it could affect how much money they receive. Meanwhile, Britons who receive Working Tax Credit or Child Tax Credit, need to contact HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) if they decide to claim Carer’s Allowance. Pensioners who rely on Pension Credit should receive higher payments if they’re eligible for Carer’s Allowance, not less. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Not qualifying for Carer’s Allowance might mean that Britons are entitled to Carer Premium instead which could top up certain benefits. A Carer Premium is usually paid to people who qualify for one of the following benefits: 