The Queen was joined by Camilla Parker Bowles and Prince Charles today as the three royals met with the Governor-General of Canada, Her Excellency the Right Honourable Mary Simon, and Mr Whit Fraser. Her Majesty looked radiant as she shook the Governor-General’s hand and invited her and Mr Fraser to have tea in one of the sitting rooms at Windsor Castle. Despite having contracted Covid just weeks ago and only just recovering, the Queen has continued to undertake royal duties in recent days. Last week, March 7, Her Majesty met with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Today, she welcomed two other officials into her home. In honour of Canada, the Queen donned a brooch with a close tie to the country. READ MORE: Queen drives to meet Kate and Beatrice at Frogmore House - inside home Shaped like a snowflake and decorated with diamonds and sapphires, as well as featuring a huge diamond at its centre, the brooch was given to the Queen in 2017 by the Governor-General at the time, David Johnston. Mr Johnston visited Canada House in central London in July 2017 in celebration of his country’s 150th birthday. He gifted Her Majesty the rare brooch, which was designed in Regina, the capital of Saskatchewan in Canada, by local jeweller Hillberg & Berk. The gift also marked the Queen’s sapphire jubilee – the brooch’s cluster of blue sapphires a subtle nod towards this important occasion.  The jewel was designed to look like a snowflake in the shape of the north star and boasts 48 Canadian sapphires of varying colour and shape. It also features more than 400 diamonds, all fitting into a setting of 18-carat Canadian sapphires. What makes the brooch so rare is that the Queen will be one of very few people in the world to claim ownership of Canadian sapphires, as there is only one known deposit in the country, discovered in 2002 by Seemeega and Nowdluk Aqpik near the hamlet of Kimmirut on Baffin Island in Nunavut. Today, the Queen’s snowflake brooch matched her blue patterned dress. Her Majesty opted to wear a paisley print dress with long sleeves and a round neckline. The dress was mainly blue but was splattered with hues of yellow, white, and pale pink. Both the pattern and the colours were similar to the garment the Queen wore to meet with Justin Trudeau last week, but this time, no royal fan commented on the potential homage to Ukraine. Royal fans on March 7 had commented on the dress’ yellow and blue pattern, saying the Queen had chosen this garment specifically as a “subtle” nod to the country. However, today, fans were still quick to express their opinions on the Queen and her look. Twitter user Janet said: “She looks well.” Philippa wrote: “She looks lovely!” User @KatesPowerSuit agreed. She said: “Her Majesty looks so lovely today!”