The fifth series of Outlander was still airing when the coronavirus pandemic hit in early 2020. As the world went into lockdown, many film and production sets shut down, which included Outlander. As a result it’s taken almost two years for the much loved Starz series to return and actor Richard Rankin wasn’t even sure the cast would get back on set in Scotland. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Richard opened up about what it was like getting back to filming as Roger. “It felt like an awfully long time and I think what most of us were concerned about was stability and security of the industry,” he explained. “No one really knew what was going to happen or where we were going to end up or even if we would go again.” Richard explained the cast and crew were told they would return but as the pandemic went on, he wasn’t so certain. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series He commented: “They told us they would and we were assured but we saw things collapse all over the place in every industry and every sector. “To answer the question, how stable was our industry and it turned out not very but Outlander remained pretty strong. “We were fortunate enough to be able to get back in there and hit the ground running after, I’ve been saying a year and a half but I feel it’s more like a year and 10 months delay, long enough anyway. “So it was great to get back to filming and I was very grateful we could have that opportunity.” His co-star Sophie Skelton, who plays on screen wife Brianna Fraser, added it was great getting back to Outlander but they were faced with a different set. “Getting back on set was great, we’ve all been working together for so long now and as you can see from the trailer, there’s new faces this season but just like the rest of the world just seeing family and friends, we were lucky it happened earlier than most,” she told Express.co.uk. “But we’d all been in lockdown and hadn’t been able to see anyone and so being able to go back to a job where it feels like a family away from family was really fortunate for us. “Being back on set, obviously there were new regulations and it was a little bit weird.” DON'T MISS...Outlander's Sam Heughan rules out James Bond role  [LATEST]Outlander season 6 release time: When does Outlander start on Starz? [UPDATE]Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe shares concerns over playing Claire [INSIGHT] Sophie continued: “It looked a little different to the set that we knew but I think we all adapted to it pretty quickly. “We got very lucky to be at work and just to be outside in a time where England was allowed an hour walk outside a day. “We got to film on location, even if it was raining and cold and brutal weather, we felt very very lucky to get out the house and do our jobs so it was great.” Despite the delay to the new series, Richard assured fans season six will see “a lot of fun, excitement, great acting and good storytelling”. Season six will see the Fraser family welcome an old acquaintance of Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) to the Ridge. Tom Christie (Mark Lewis Jones), an old foe from Ardsmuir Prison, will arrive with his son Allan (Alexander Vlahos) and niece Malva (Jessica Reynolds), who all shakes things up for the Frasers and MacKenzies. Meanwhile Claire (Caitriona Balfe) is struggling in the aftermath of her attack by Lionel Brown (Ned Dennehy) and his men in the season five finale. Outlander season 6 launches March 6 on Starz in the US and StarzPlay in the UK.