Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp will be desperate for his side to maintain their remarkable winning run by claiming the spoils against Arsenal on away territory this evening. The Reds have taken maximum points from their last eight Premier League outings but will face a tricky test in downing another one of the division's in-form sides at the Emirates Stadium later today.Express Sport takes a look at the Liverpool side that could be tasked with ending Arsenal's strong run in order to extend their own under the lights in north London. Alisson Becker has established himself as one of the Premier League's finest stoppers in recent years and will be expected to reprise his role between the sticks for the rest of the season. He has already registered 15 league clean sheets since the beginning of the campaign to keep Liverpool within touching distance of Manchester City at the top of the table.The Brazil international will need to stay on top form over the coming months in order to give the Reds the best chance of clinching domestic glory once again at the end of the season. His job this evening will be to keep out the likes of Bukayo Saka, Alexandre Lacazette and Emile Smith Rowe, who could be in line to start for Arsenal after completing his recovery from an illness. There should be no surprises in Liverpool's back four at the Emirates Stadium, with their usual starters likely to assume their regular positions in the side. Trent Alexander-Arnold will once again be tasked with using his incredible range of passing to unlock Arsenal from deep while keeping things tight at the back when required to help out. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte bites back over Fabio Paratici question Andy Robertson is widely expected to occupy the left flank, while Joel Matip and Virgil van Dijk should again team up at the heart of Liverpool's defence. However, it remains to be seen whether Ibrahima Konate could have a part to play after returning to full fitness from a previous knock. Jordan Henderson looks set to feature in the deep-lying midfield area for Liverpool alongside Fabinho, who has played the entire 90 minutes in eight of his side's last nine Premier League matches. Thiago Alcantara is also likely to be deployed in the middle of the park and will be expected to pull the strings and use his creative abilities to carve out openings for his attacking team-mates.James Milner will not be available for selection against Arsenal after picking up an illness in the days since his late appearance during Saturday's win over Brighton and Hove Albion. Liverpool will have options on the bench, though, with Harvey Elliott and Naby Keita both fit and ready to make an impact if they are called upon by Klopp in north London. Mohamed Salah could be named in the Liverpool squad this evening but seems unlikely to start after he was forced off with a minor injury against Brighton on the weekend. The Egyptian ace was substituted after scoring from the penalty spot during the second half of the match at the Amex Stadium and may not be risked for tonight's meeting with Arsenal.The situation could see Diogo Jota step in to deputise for his team-mate, while Sadio Mane and Luis Diaz should feature from the off for the Reds in north London. The latter has turned plenty of heads since joining the club from Porto in January and will be under the microscope once again if he keeps his place in the side in the absence of Salah.Expected Liverpool XI (4-2-3-1) - Alisson; Alexander-Arnold, Matip, Van Dijk, Robertson; Henderson, Fabinho, Thiago; Mane, Jota, Diaz.