Piers Morgan, 56, has hit out at Joe Biden questioning when he and “the greatest military force in history” are going to do more to “stop” Vladimir Putin’s aggression in Ukraine. The outspoken TV host spoke of his disapproval of Biden’s handling of the Russian invasion while commending Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenksyy. Writing in his column for the New York Post, Piers said: “My God what a magnificently courageous and resilient people the [Ukrainians] are showing themselves to be, led by their stupendously inspiring president. “I’m in awe of their heroism, their determination, their stomach for the fight despite overwhelmingly bad odds against a far larger and better-equipped enemy. “Sadly, that awe doesn’t extend to President Biden, who seems to think Putin can be defeated by Ukrainian resistance and Western financial punishment alone. He can’t.” It comes as the Biden administration announced more sanctions on Russia’s central bank, which prohibits Americans doing business with the bank and freezes its assets within the US. READ MORE:Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him The UK and EU have also cut off Russian banks from Western financial markets and the rouble has plunged to a record low. Piers fumed: “He doesn’t give a damn about sanctions, or the collapsing price of the rouble, or a few of his Oligarch cronies getting a slap in the wallet. He’s priced all the economic fall-out into his evil masterplan. “As the former KGB assassin reaches his presidential dotage, all he cares about is his legacy, and he wants to go down as the Russian leader who restored the Soviet Union to what he sees as its rightful size and power. “Putin is a dictator — a vile, soulless, cynical, bully-boy who doesn’t care how many corpses he creates to achieve his imperial ambitions.” The former Good Morning Britain host then turned his anger directly to Biden saying that Putin “senses weakness” especially in the president “who deserted the Afghan people to the Taliban wolves”. Piers’ fury comes shortly after he claimed Biden laughed “several times” during a televised White House address. The TalkTV star told his 7.9 million Twitter followers: “Biden just laughed several times during his Ukraine press conference. “What the f*** is he finding so funny? Does he not realise the gravity of this situation? DON'T MISS‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award[LATEST]Tom Parker receives 'revolutionary treatment' in Spain amid incurab...[INSIGHT]Joan Collins, 88, stuns in gown as she marks milestone with husband[NEWS] “Does he not care that so many innocent people are being murdered? What a horribly inappropriate and shameful moment.” In a separate post shared moments later, Piers uploaded an image showing the US President laughing while standing on a podium. The broadcaster added: “The smirking President of the United States, hours after Russia starts war in Ukraine. Unbelievable.” Other Twitter users quickly explained that Biden was laughing at media “chaos” in the conference room. Stephen wrote: “He’s smirking at a question from the media, not during his remarks.” Martin added: “He smirked every time about 100 people all asked questions at once, nothing more to it.” And Craig chimed in: “World crisis and you’re bothered about him smiling after being bombarded with questions. Listen to what he said rather than how he looked.”