Raj Bisram has been making TV appearances since 2017, having featured on Channel 4's Four Rooms, Antiques Road Trip, as well as game shows such as Countdown, House of Games and The Wheel on BBC One. He continues to regularly star on Bargain Hunt where he shares his expertise on fine art in order to guide the red and blue teams to victory. Prior to joining the world of antiques, Bisram had already been involved in an interesting career. Bisram knew he wanted to do something different to a bog-standard office job from when he was young. He told the BBC: "I discovered early on that a 9-5 job was never going to be for me so I turned my childhood love of old and dusty junk and antique shops into my job and later career." But before he developed his love of antiques, Bisram was a physical training instructor for the British Army. He then went on to become a road manager and team member of aerial ski stunt team The Flying Skis. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? He has previously said if he wasn't involved in the antique trade, he would have continued with his love of sport. In 1995, Bisram co-founded the Bentley's Fine Art and Antiques Auction House in Cranbrook. The auction house attracts a wide range of art, furniture, porcelain and jewellery from all over the world. He also co-created the British Silver Hallmark Recognition app which helps to identify silver marks from a database of more than 20,000 marks. Bargain Hunt star Raj Bisram was born in 1956 which means he is now around 66-years-old. He is one of the oldest cast members on the BBC daytime show, along with expert Philip Serrell who is 67. While Bisram is one of the oldest, Natasha Raskin Sharp is on the other end of the spectrum. Sharp, who specialises in Scottish contemporary art, is the youngest cast member at 35-years-old. DON'T MISS...'Getting sea sick' The Ipcress File viewers fume over issue with show [REACTION]Bargain Hunt's Charlie Ross on biggest break 'Fate of circumstance' [EXPLAINER]Bargain Hunt sparks frenzy as new expert joins BBC antiques show  [CAST] Much like the rest of the cast, Bisram doesn't tend to talk about his personal life. However, it is known he is married to Susan Bisram who he tied the knot with in 1983. They now have two grown-up daughters Roo and Jade but it isn't known what professions they are both in. Fans will be able to watch Bisram in the next instalment of Bargain Hunt which airs on Monday, March 7. The synopsis for the episode reads: "Eric Knowles visits Ardingly in Sussex, where experts Raj Bisram and Nick Hall join the teams as they search for the best items to sell at auction in Newbury. "Eric also brings along an unusual-looking antique and asks the fairgoers what they think it is." But what treasures will the teams find in this latest episode? Bargain Hunt continues every day at 12.15pm on BBC One.