Some civilians believe citizens of Ukraine are working against them by using mysterious lights and signs to send signals to the Russian forces. Dmitro Novak, 71, who lives along the coast south of Odesa's city centre has been helping to monitor the area with a neighbourhood patrol group. He told the reporters he had covered over a black arrow painted on the wall in case it was a sign for Russian troops. He also said he had seen a large light that was shone from an office building that looked out onto the sea. He told the BBC: "I saw a big light there. It was directed towards the night sky. My neighbours saw it too. It was on the roof of this building. For sure it was a signal to the Russian fleet. Some kind of signal.   "We called the authorities, and they came immediately, and the light was switched off. So now we're looking carefully around for any other signals, or marks. Everybody is alert. We're changing shifts every two hours." It comes after fears of Russian collusion were posted across social media by Ukrainians. Groups of residents have been patrolling cities across Ukraine looking out for any suspicious lights or signs that could be used to help Russian forces. Similar behaviour has also been seen in civilians from Syria and other conflict zones.  READ MORE: Kremlin's move to ban Zelensky interview with Russian TV backfires Captain Volodymir Kalina from the Odesa police told reporters: "This is not paranoia. There are Russian agents and citizens of Ukraine working against us. That's a fact." The captain noted there has been a strong element of disinformation online and accused Russia of trying to deliberately stir up public fear. He said: "They're trying to distract us, to make us pay attention to the wrong places - to clear us from one part of the city so they can carry out their work in another area."  DON'T MISS: Biden faces fresh fears over cognitive decline following Putin speech [INSIGHT]Kremlin forces humiliated after Stalingrad tank division destroyed [COMMENT]'Delusional' Remainer slammed as UK leads way 'confronting' Putin [ANALYSIS] Hanna Shelest, who analyses the Ukrainian government on security issues, backed up concerns that civilians were providing information to Russian troops. She said they may be helping by storing weapons, spreading disinformation and using signs to mark directions and targets. Despite fear and suspicion across the country, the evidence so far suggests that only a few isolated Russian cells have been remarkably unsuccessful and that Ukrainian public opinion - directly contradicting Russian propaganda - has become stronger and more united against the Kremlin's invasion. 