On Sunday, Rachel Johnson shared her thoughts on the Russia-Ukraine war and suggested how the conflict could be brought to an end. However, LBC furiously hit back at Boris Johnson's sister after she claimed allowing Vladimir Putin to "divide up" Ukraine up was the "only way" the fighting could be brought to an end. Rachel began: "I think it's fine and fair enough, obviously fair is a silly way of putting it nothing is fair in this war. "If Putin claims and retains Donetsk and Luhansk, the Donbas and allows Ukraine to get on with its life. "I could live with that but I don't think Ukraine will that's where I think we're going to have enormous problems and it's going to be a long and frozen war. "Unless of course, Turkey can broker some sort of agreement along those lines which is the only way I see this dividing up." Read more: Charlene White bids farewell to broadcaster as they confirm final show "Putin is not going to take his tanks out of Ukraine and lose face without something to show for it to the Russian people, to the Russian mothers who have lost tens of thousands of their sons in this pointless and criminal war," she continued. "That's my position, what do you think? Do you think Ukraine will have to divide up east and west?" LBC listeners were furious with Rachel's comments and took to Twitter to comment. @RocketRacer69 raged: "Why are you allowing this to be aired?"  @7691Toro added: "Thankfully Ukraine is a sovereign nation that can decide for itself. I thought the Johnsons were all about sovereignty." "Shame on you," @AlexPaknadel simply remarked. @SandraPidgeon3 questioned: "And she acquired her expertise in military tactics and wartime diplomacy where, exactly?" @valuestoimpact quipped: "It’s the Ukrainian people’s country. Not for someone else to invade and grab parts." DON'T MISSEx-adviser warns UK at risk of 'tiptoeing into war' with Russia [VIDEO]Andrew Marr grills Angela Rayner in brutal general election quip [INSIGHT]‘It became very tense’ Lindsay Hoyle exposes Bercow relationship [INTERVIEW] @craignelsonUK added: "A complete misunderstanding of the gravity of the situation. We're in a war and the war must be won, preferably by Ukraine. "We should not reward Russia's act of aggression and brutality against Ukraine. We should not divvy up a sovereign country who we are Treaty bound to defend." The next round of Russia-Ukraine negotiation talks will take place in Turkey from March 28 to 30. Ukrainian negotiator David Arakhamia made the announcement on Sunday.  Foreign Ministers Sergey Lavrov of Russia and Dmytro Kuleba of Ukraine met for talks in the Turkish town of Antalya earlier this month. The talks were largely inconclusive while Turkey aims to maintain its neutral stance. President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has previously said Turkey will not abandon its relations with Russia or Ukraine. Rachel Johnson joins LBC on Saturday from 7pm to 10pm.