Diamonds may be one of the toughest substances on Earth, but they can be damaged easily by everyday household products. It's important to be careful, especially when cleaning jewellery or cleaning your home while wearing jewellery. Robert Cuomo, Managing Director of Hatton Jewellers, said: "Homemade jewellery cleaning solutions may seem like a quick and easy way to clean your jewellery, however, it can often cause more harm than good. "With popular cleaning products such as vinegar and witch hazel being acidic, this can be harmful to stones that are porous or soft as well as plated jewellery. "Salt is another ingredient that can cause damage to your jewellery as it can be abrasive and scratch precious metals." READ MORE: How to clean an oven: Cleaning guru's 'fantastic' tip 'makes the job super easy' White vinegar and bicarbonate of soda “Vinegar is slightly acidic which may cause damage to plated jewellery and bicarbonate of soda can be abrasive which may scratch precious metals,” Robert said. Boiling water, baking soda and salt This is a popular solution, but it could be damaging your valuables. Robert said: “The ingredients in this self-cleaning solution can be abrasive, especially baking soda which could scratch your jewellery if used to clean.” DON'T MISSShaving foam trick to clean baths, showers, sinks and grout [EXPERT] 'Blown my mind': Cleaners go wild for baking soda trick [HACK] 'Best product' to clean a shower screen - 'my holy grail' [CLEANING] Some drinks have been said to clean jewellery, but really they cause damage to precious metals and stones. Beer is one such drink. Robert said: “While beer may be a good solution to make your gold sparkle, alcohol can actually dim the sparkle of a diamond.” Tomato Ketchup is commonly recommended to clean jewellery, but comes with a caveat. Robert said: “Ketchup is known as an agent to shine silver jewellery, however, if you leave your jewellery to sit in ketchup the acidity may cause damage.” Robert said: "To safely clean your jewellery, use warm water add in a little soap and brush gently with a soft toothbrush. "Avoiding boiling water when cleaning your jewellery is also recommended as this may cause damage to your jewellery, especially diamonds. "Then simply rinse your jewellery under cool water and dry carefully with a soft lint-free cloth.” Keep it dry It's best to take jewellery off in any scenario it might get wet. This includes washing up, washing your face or swimming. Keep jewellery separate Keep fine jewellery away from costume jewellery. Lower quality metals can cause fine jewellery to tarnish. Keep jewellery in a dark place Some jewellery is damaged by prolonged exposure to light.