Journalist James Longman spoke with the distraught mother of a 22-year old Russian soldier at an anti-war protest in Moscow. The conversation was a dangerous one to have, as Russian police were swarming the protest in droves, and Russian citizens were on high alert due to the threat of arrest and punishment for holding a different opinion to the one the Kremlin pushes. The woman explained that her son was just a boy and he had been lied to about their mission in Ukraine.  In footage of their exchange, Mr Longman explained: "This woman is the mother of a Russian soldier. "She said she was moved to a "hot spot" after being told he was going to do drills. "She went 10 days without talking to her son. "Thank God he is alive she says, only 10 people are left in his regiment. "Please stop doing this bloodshed, return my son! And return other sons, stop it!" JUST IN: Putin humiliated as Ukrainian forces take down more than 10 aircraft in a day     Mr Longman then asked the soldier's mother for a photograph of her son, which she showed to the ABC News reporter from her phone. He said: "We're are with this lady in Central Moscow, there's more and more people who have come out to protest the war. "Even though there's a massive security presence this lady has come up to talk to us because her son has been conscripted, she says to the Russian army to fight in Ukraine. The reporter added: "She's now also worried because we've got police watching us. "So mothers of conscripts are now also potentially going to be arrested for opposing this war.  READ MORE: Putin ABANDONED as even closest allies ditch warmonger - ‘bad for business’     "It's an incredibly tense situation, she's now going to show me a photo of him." Images and videos of anti-war protests in Russia have circulated online since the beginning of the invasion Russians who disagree with Putin's war and be protesting against it. despite Russian police arresting citizens in their dozens for doing so. Russia has also refused to call the attack on its neighbour Ukraine and invasion, with the Kremlin firing Russian state media to call it an "operation." If Russian citizens call the attack an invasion they could face up to 15 years in jail for doing so. Captured soldiers have claimed they were tricked into battle as they were told it was just an exercise and they did not realise they would be sent to kill their neighbours. The director of Amnesty Internation Joanne Mariner said: “Any public appearances can put prisoners of war at risk when they are returned to their home country, and also prove problematic for their families whilst they are detained. “Article 13 of the Third Geneva Convention explicitly states that prisoners of war must be protected at all times, particularly from public curiosity. It is duty of the detaining power to ensure these prisoners’ rights are properly respected from the moment they are captured.” 