Instagrammer Lianne Austin, from Dorset, completely overhauled her home with her remarkable DIY skills and clever splashes of colour. She shows her whole home renovation on the account @bohazelandco, where she posts top budget-friendly DIY tips and how to inject personality into any living space. Lianne transformed a home, which had been untouched for 20 years, into a modern and peaceful space. According to the DIY expert, the home was dull and lacked character, with a lot of rooms feeling dark and enclosed. Now the space feels bright and spacious due to her savvy skills. Lianne used a certain colour to brighten up the space and leave it feeling restful. READ MORE: 'One of the nicest kitchens I've ever seen': DIY space created with paint astonishes fans She transformed her bedroom into a zen space through the use of sage green and neutral tones paired with cleverly chosen textures. Sage green was a huge paint trend for 2021 and still seems to be a top choice for renovators in 2022. James Waylett, from homeware experts Jacobs & Dalton, adds: “Sage green is the perfect choice for bedrooms, soft earthy tones bring a sense of peace, serenity and grounding." Lianne also used peaceful dark grey to transform her conservatory. She said: "My favourite space in the house is our conservatory which we use as a dining room. DON'T MISS'A transformation and a half': Incredible DIY kitchen renovation [PROPERTY] DIY bathroom created by amateur couple dubbed 'so lovely' [RENOVATION] Stacey Solomon's £384 black toilet is a huge trend [PICTURES] "This was one of the last rooms we tackled as it needed a lot of work. It was such a cold room before with old vinyl glued to the concrete floor, plastic uPVC sidewalls and windows and a bare brick wall. "We insulated the walls and then installed tongue and groove to disguise the plastic. "We then replaced the floor and painted the white plastic framework dark grey. "Finally we built our own storage bench and table which allowed us to make them the perfect size for that space. "Now it's a beautiful room to cosy up and enjoy the sun on a warm summer's evening with the doors open to the garden.” Lianne's interior style focuses on three key themes, “classic, modern and rustic”. She said: “I like to mix old and new together to create a calm, light and airy space. "I love using natural textures, through cushions, throws, vases and greenery to make a space feel inviting. "It's always so hard to decide on a particular style but I just pick items that I love and feel like us.” The renovator detailed her advice for would-be for DIY beginners. Knowing what you want the finished product to look like is key. Lianne said: "Create a mood board first, doing this will help you keep a cohesive look through every stage of your redesign. "Also, do plenty of research, always check multiple sources before starting a job to see how it's supposed to be done."