Michaela Strachan, 55, has shared her reasons for initially hiding her cancer diagnosis. Michalea was diagnosed with breast cancer in February 2014 but chose not to speak about it publicly until later in the year. In a new interview, the Springwatch host spoke about why she continued to present her show but didn’t disclose her illness. She said she didn’t want viewers to be distracted by the news, especially she “didn’t want viewers thinking about [her] t*ts”. The 55-year-old spoke candidly about why she wasn’t ready to reveal her diagnosis publicly. In an interview with Radio Times, Michaela explained: “I wanted to just plough on as if it wasn’t all happening. “I didn’t want the viewers thinking about my t*ts when I was talking about blue tits. READ MORE: Lily Collins laments 'end of an era' after Phil Collins' last show “I didn’t want the audience feeling sorry for me. I told who I needed to at the BBC and my co-presenters found out later. “The whole team knew, all 100 of them, but I didn’t mind that. People were very discreet, supportive and kind.” Michaela had reconstructive surgery in 2015. The presenter became a campaigner for Breast Cancer Now once she felt ready enough. She said she made the decision to speak about her diagnosis when she was “strong enough to cope with other people’s emotions on top of my own and my close family’s”. “It is an opportunity to help people,” she added. Michaela beat the disease, after having a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery. The double mastectomy was done to prevent the further spread of the cancer. DON'T MISS:POLL: Do you think Will Smith was right or wrong to slap Chris Rock? [POLL]'Woke' Hollywood stars slammed for accepting $140k Oscars gift bags [COMMENT]Madonna’s daughter Lourdes Leon stuns in plunging gown at Oscar Party [PICTURES] In October 2014, Michaela took to Twitter in view of her 130,000 followers. She wrote: “This year has been a challenging one. In feb I was diagnosed with breast cancer. I was lucky, I found it early.” Michaela will be taking part in ITV’s All Star Musicals, which takes place from April. She tweeted about her new venture. She wrote: “I’ve swapped the outdoor gear & walking boots for sparkles & tap shoes & will be giving my vocal chords an airing!” GMB's Alex Beresford, actress Jacqueline Jossa, Coronation Street's Lisa George, actor Colin Salmon and rugby player Danny Care will also be starring. The show is set to be a musical theatre masterclass for the celebrities. Read the full interview in this week's Radio Times. 