Minella Indo (3.30, nb, ITV) has the credentials to strike gold for the second time by making it back-to-back victories in today’s Boodles Cheltenham Gold Cup. Since Henry de Bromhead’s nine-year-old captured chasing’s ultimate crown last year, when holding off A Plus Tard, with Al Boum Photo back in third place, the gelding has failed to repeat anything resembling that performance. But he recently signalled he is on the way back when second behind Conflated at Leopardstown last month. His previous lacklustre performances can be attributed to his stable’s lack of form and from running at tracks that were clearly unsuitable. Cheltenham clearly brings out the best in him. In 2020 he finished second behind Champ in the 2020 RSA Chase and he landed the Albert Bartlett Hurdle at the previous year’s Festival. Both those performances, along with his Gold Cup success, suggests he is very much a horse that shows his best in the spring. A Plus Tard, who had every chance in last year’s race, gave the impression that he failed to get home on that occasion and there is no obvious reason why he should do so this time round. Galvin has now become a serious player after beating A Plus Tard a short-head at Leopardstown but on that running needs to improve to topple Minella Indo. This winner of last year’s National Hunt Chase, run over three miles and six furlongs at Cheltenham, has limitless stamina but he gives the impression that he may lack a turn of foot. King George VI Chase winner Tornado Flyer will relish the conditions. But the strength of that Kempton contest, where Asterion Forlonge fell at the last fence when held, and Minella Indo was pulled up, falls short of what is required today. Of the British hopes Royale Pagaille appeals as the best prospect. He finished a respectable sixth in last year’s race when his jumping repeatedly let him down. This term he has looked a far better prospect, winning impressively at Haydock, and at the age of eight further improvement can be expected. Connections of Protektorat are talking up their chances. But his form is nothing to rave about. This also applies to Chantry House, an uninspiring winner at Cheltenham in January when he was too strong for Santini, with northern hope Aye Right back in third place. 1.30 Pied Piper (nap) 2.10 I Like To Move It 2.50 Hillcrest 3.30 Minella Indo (nb) 4.10 Cousin Pascal (treble) 4.50 Mount Ida 5.30 Adamantly Chosen