On Tuesday, members of the Royal Family are expected to attend a service honouring Prince Philip. The Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service at Westminster Abbey and will be attended by friends, colleagues and representatives of organisations he supported. Members of other European royal families, including the sovereign King Felipe and Queen Letizia of Spain, are also expected to attend. Prince Philip died in April last year. He was married to Her Majesty for more than 70 years. His funeral took place at St George's Chapel with just 30 guests in attendance due to Covid restrictions at the time. In one particularly heartbreaking photo from the event, the Queen is pictured sitting alone in the chapel to pay her respects as restrictions prevented households from mixing. Concerns have been raised in recent weeks as to whether the Queen will be in attendance at her husband’s memorial service - after she was forced to pull out of a number of recent royal outings. The most recent event she was due to attend was the Commonwealth Day service earlier this month. Her absence was announced by Buckingham Palace just a few days before, which said in a statement: "After discussing the arrangements with the royal household, the Queen has asked the Prince of Wales to represent Her Majesty at the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey on Monday." It is understood that her pulling out of attending the service was not because of a specific ailment, but instead due to concerns over Her Majesty’s comfort while making the trip to and from London from her home in Berkshire where she is now based. READ MORE: Prince Philip memorial service: Buckingham Palace announce details Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams claims that, if the Queen is able to attend Tuesday’s special memorial service, it will give the event a “special cachet”. He told Express.co.uk: “The Queen will undoubtedly attend if her health permits and her first appearance at an official function since October will give the occasion, which millions are likely to watch, a very special cachet.” If the monarch does make an appearance, it will be particularly poignant as the 95-year-old has not been attending royal duties outside of her homes in Berkshire or Sandringham since late October. Health concerns emerged the same month - as Buckingham Palace announced the monarch pulled out of a planned two-day trip to Northern Ireland. It came following the advice from her doctors to rest, according to the palace. DON'T MISS Dr Shola rages at Dan Wootton in Meghan Markle row [INSIGHT] Queen's stark view of Prince Charles laid bare as he felt 'dread' [REVEAL] Camilla excited as she snatches Meghan role she eyed 'for long time' [REPORT] News of her cancellation came following a tightly packed schedule for the sovereign which saw her undertake several in-person and virtual engagements, including hosting a reception at Windsor Castle. In November, her son, the Prince of Wales made an appearance at the COP26 Summit in Glasgow on his mother's behalf. Instead, she delivered a powerful speech to all those in attendance via video link. The Queen also had to withdraw her attendance at the Cenotaph service on Remembrance Sunday due to a back sprain. Over the past few months, the Queen has continued to meet foreign diplomats, heads of state and hand out honours in a string of video links or rare receptions at Windsor Castle. Fears for her health were sparked again in late February when the monarch tested positive for COVID-19. Her diagnosis came shortly after Prince Charles and Camilla tested positive. Luckily, she only experienced a mild bout of the virus and "cold-like symptoms", which did not prevent her continuing with her daily duties. In the weeks since, she has made several virtual appearances and held some face-to-face meetings at Windsor Castle. On March 15, the Queen was pictured hosting Canada's Governor General Mary Simon for afternoon tea in the Oak Room. Photographs show the monarch wearing a blue and grey paisley-style patterned dress while shaking hands with Ms Simon and her husband, journalist Whit Fraser. She was photographed standing without using her walking stick, which she has been pictured using in recent months. The image gave hope to many royal fans that the Queen will able to pay her respects to her husband of more than seven decades at Tuesday’s service.