Mauricio Pochettino has his heart set on a return to Tottenham ahead of taking the Manchester United job, according to Alan Brazil. TalkSPORT host Brazil, who played for both Spurs and United in his career, has revealed what a source from the north London club has told him. Pochettino is one of the top targets for United as their next permanent manager. Paris Saint-Germain sporting director Leonardo claimed this week that there was no intention for the Argentine to leave. That story was included in talkSPORT's breakfast bulletin on Friday, which Brazil read out. He read: “Pochettino is not going to United – Man United have been warned by PSG sporting director [Leonardo] that Pochettino has no intention of leaving Paris." JUST IN: Erik ten Hag 'agreement' emerges as Man Utd explore appointing Ajax boss  However, the Scot claimed that was false information and Pochettino does want to return to the Premier League. But Tottenham is the club he wants to move to, not United. Responding to the bulletin, Brazil said: "Well, I tell you right now, that is not the case. “From the horse's mouth, that is not the case. He wants to come back to the Premier [League] and he wants to come back with Tottenham.” DON'T MISSArsenal may have next Pires and Ljungberg and now just need to find their new Henry [OPINION]Pep Guardiola names 'unstoppable' Man Utd player who Man City must 'control' to win derby [QUOTES]Man Utd icon Gary Neville in furious response as Gavin Williamson is awarded knighthood [SOCIAL]  Arsenal legend Ray Parlour asked where Brazil got his information from, to which he replied: "Never mind, never mind. “He wants to come back to Spurs, I’m not saying it’s going to happen, but it’s what he wants. "It's up to Spurs, Poch would [go back]." Spurs boss Antonio Conte has already been linked with an exit less than a quarter of a way through his 18-month contract.  Brazil says Pochettino would not turn United down if the Spurs job did not become available. He added: “I’m not saying Poch won’t go to [Man] United, because if he can’t get back to Spurs and United want him, he’d be a fool probably to say no. “But I do know, in his heart, he wants to come back to Spurs. "I don't see him with PSG next year, I don't."  Brazil also claimed Spurs chairman Daniel Levy has recently flown to the Caribbean to meet the club's owner Joe Lewis. "The sort of same source told me that Daniel was summoned to the Caribbean to see Joe Lewis," Brazil revealed. "So they're going to have to do something, either move on or sell the club."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here