Formula 1 Hall of Famer Lewis Hamilton may be arguably the best driver of all time, but even his powers are certain to wane in the near future. At least that's according to Red Bull advisor Helmut Marko, who believes it's only a matter of time before the seven-time world champion falls victim to his advanced age. Mercedes superstar Hamilton celebrated his 37th birthday at the start of 2022 and is now one of the oldest drivers on the circuit heading into the new campaign (his 16th in Formula 1). The Briton finished a slim second to Red Bull's Max Verstappen last year but was on course for a record-breaking eighth title prior to a hugely controversial season-decider. Hamilton's performance at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in December proved he's still very capable of competing at the top of the sport, with two years left to run on his current contract. However, while Marko recently conceded F1's dominant force of the past decade did well to close the gap on Verstappen last term, he believes Hamilton can't fight time for much longer. “He worked a great second half of the season,” he said in February. JUST IN: Nikita Mazepin shown sympathy by Schumacher as Haas F1 driver binned over Ukraine invasion “But, I can’t imagine that he can continue to drive at this high level for much longer. He has reached his peak level now, but at some point his age will come into play. “Max (on the other hand) is a world champion now and will only get stronger." F1 legend and five-time world champion, the late Juan Manuel Fangio, might have had something to say about those claims considering he was 46 when he won the last of those titles. One may argue a veteran of such age could no longer be expected to fight for first, while Hamilton—who was part of the FIA's inaugural Hall of Fame class of 2017—has desires beyond racing. DON'T MISS Lewis Hamilton given taste of his own medicine by Max Verstappen claims old foe Rosberg Damon Hill hints Max Verstappen has F1 advantage that is out of Lewis Hamilton's control Toto Wolff stokes the flames over Max Verstappen incident as Jenson Button places blame    Asked about his age-related comments in a recent interview with Austrian newspaper Osterreich, Marko doubled down in his assessment that a downturn in output is imminent. After being told his remarks on Hamilton's age had caused controversy, Marko replied: "If you look at the performance pyramid in relation to age, then it's kind of logical, isn't it?" It's not just rival teams the Mercedes man has to watch out for, either, as the head of Red Bull's driver development program remarked new team-mate George Russell will pose problems. Unlike previous partner Valtteri Bottas, Marko said, "Russell will certainly not accept the number two role" despite still being a relatively new name in F1. Verstappen's rise to the sport's pinnacle had been coming for some time prior to his maiden title win last year, but it said a lot that Hamilton was still able to keep the race so close. Mercedes are hoping their off-season adjustments will make the necessary improvements to launch their star's return to the summit, though there are some who feel time is against him.