Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has been given a transfer headache by Bernardo Silva after the midfielder conceded he wants to return to his homeland. Silva has often flirted with a return to Benfica and has once again expressed his desire to go back to his former club. The 27-year-old was linked with an exit last summer but remained at the Eithad Stadium. He has gone on to be one of City’s best performers this season. Silva has scored 10 goals and provided a further four assists in 38 appearances across all competitions this season. The Portugal international is the club’s fourth highest Premier League scorer this term with seven top-flight strikes. But he has once again stressed that he wants to return to Benfica within two years. City signed the midfielder from Monaco in 2017, sealing a then eye-watering £43.5million deal, having impressed for the French side after joining from Benfica two years earlier.   JUST IN: Harry Maguire's Man Utd woes compared to being 'linked to Bolton' Silva, who has a long-term contract until 2025, told Portugal’s Channel 11: “I miss Portugal a lot. If I could go back in a year or two, I would. Not only because I would like to play for Benfica again, but because I miss my family and living in Portugal very much.” An exit from City was not possible last summer because no acceptable bids were made. It is unclear whether Benfica could afford the Premier League champions’ asking price. Benfica could still do City a favour this season by beating Liverpool in the Champions League quarter-finals. That could derail the Reds and dent their Premier League title hopes.   DON'T MISS...Liverpool have upper hand over Salah in talks because of four playersArsenal boss Arteta told to 'get on with it' after Villa 'excuses'Keane and Scholes' view on Glazers after Man Utd icon Neville rants Silva only made a couple of senior appearances for Benfica before moving to Monaco in 2015. But last year, he opened up about supporting the club and having to move away at a young age. “Benfica is a big part of my life. I grew up going to Benfica matches with my father and also with my friends. Besides that, I played at Benfica for 12 years from the age of seven to 19,” Silva, who has 64 international caps, told journalists. “So it is almost half of my life. When I left, I was 19, almost 20 years old and it was a very difficult change because I wasn't expecting it. But it turned out to be a good thing for my life to change and move to AS Monaco.   “But speaking of Benfica, it is an important part of my life not only as a supporter, but also later as a player which helped me grow a lot.”  