Antiques Roadshow took a trip to Woodhorn Museum in Northumberland on a recent episode of the hit BBC show. A variety of intriguing items were brought before the experts, but it was a 1960s sketch that caught the eye of fine art specialist Dendy Easton. The owner of the artwork soon became emotional when Dendy revealed its true value.    Taking a closer look at the artwork, Dendy remarked: “This is a very thoughtful study of a lady. “I see it’s signed ‘Cornish’ on the right, which is Norman Cornish, but on the left it says ‘Study of Millie’. Who is Millie?” He asked. The owner explained: “Millie was my mum and during the 1960s my mum and my father were landlords of a pub called The Bridge Inn in Spennymoor. “Norman used to come in there and do a lot of his drawings and paintings. READ MORE: 90s TV presenters: Where are Pat Sharp and Jayne Middlemiss now?  “He did a study of my mum playing dominoes which they often did in the pub. “The pub itself was a typical working-class man's pub. It was often full of men who’d just come straight from work and I think that’s what Norman captured so well,” she added. “It’s so immediate the sketch,” Dendy commented. “It’s done in pen and ink, very freely and very quickly, and heightened with white here. “It’s captured your mum instantly, hasn’t it?” he said, with the owner agreeing.    The pair went on to discuss how Norman Cornish is a “local hero” in Spennymoor, detailing how he worked in the mines for many years. Dendy revealed: “He had to go down and work in the pits at the age of 14.” The art expert explained how Cornish continued working in the mines even after becoming famous. Dendy said: “He stayed in the mines working until the 1960s. It’s a long time as well as painting. DON'T MISS...‘Younger generation wouldn’t fight for country’ blasts GB News host [MUST SEE]The Last of the Summer Wine: What happened to the cast? [INSIGHT]EastEnders twist sees Mick Carter arrested for Gray’s murder? [SPOILERS]  “When I look at his pictures they recall the life in the bars, the pits, the collieries, absolutely the people. It’s really earthy stuff. “I think because he worked down the mine he understood it and therefore it is very immediate, his studies. I think they’re wonderful,” he added. Dendy soon turned to the topic of valuation and amazed the owner when he revealed the artwork's potential price. “If this came up for sale it would make I’m sure in the region of £1,000 to £1,500,” he revealed. “Really?” The owner exclaimed, stunned by the valuation.    She continued: “My mum used to say to me, ‘That will be worth something one day,’ and I used to say, ‘No, no it won’t’. “She’ll be looking down now saying, ‘I told you so!’” the owner laughed. “Well, there you are, she was right,” Dendy remarked. The owner confessed: “I must admit when I saw it on display here I felt quite emotional to just see my mum there and knowing what she would be saying to me now. “I’m surprised that she actually kept it. It must have meant something to her because my mum didn’t keep anything,” she laughed. Antiques Roadshow airs Sundays at 8pm on BBC One. 