Dr Michael Mosley knows all the ins and outs of the dieting world, but he believes the Government's advice for our daily protein intake was "way too low". Currently, the guidelines for protein consumption suggest eating around 50 grams per day, but the creator of The Fast 800 diet plan isn't so sure. "You need more protein after the age of 60 because your body is less able to absorb and utilise it," he explained. And eating enough of it is absolutely vital for growth and repair. Proteins are made up of amino acids, which are chemical 'building blocks'. The body uses these amino acids to build and repair muscles and bones and to make hormones and enzymes. READ MORE: 'Bold statement': Camilla wears purple and green tartan ensemble They can also be used as an energy source. "If you don’t get enough protein in your diet, then you will develop cravings and overeat in a largely unconscious attempt to hit critical protein targets," the author continued. "They say that we need to consume around 15 to 20 percent of our daily calories in the form of protein. "This amounts to around 100 grams of protein, if you are eating the normal 2,000 to 2,500 calories a day." DON'T MISS...James Martin lost a stone and a half with one ‘weird’ secret [WEIGHT LOSS]Woman breastfeeding toddler would consider until the age of 6 [HEALTH NEWS]Dr Michael Mosley: The ‘most effective’ diet for weight loss [DIET TIPS] They can also be used as an energy source. "If you don’t get enough protein in your diet, then you will develop cravings and overeat in a largely unconscious attempt to hit critical protein targets," the author continued. "They say that we need to consume around 15 to 20 percent of our daily calories in the form of protein. "This amounts to around 100 grams of protein, if you are eating the normal 2,000 to 2,500 calories a day." As an example to highlight the importance of the micronutrient, he shared the findings of an experiment taken by two leading Australian academics, Prof David Raubenheimer and Prof Steve Simpson.  As an example to highlight the importance of the micronutrient, he shared the findings of an experiment taken by two leading Australian academics, Prof David Raubenheimer and Prof Steve Simpson. And he agreed with their results. They came to the conclusion that by having a lack of protein in a diet and not consuming it properly is a major driver of the current obesity epidemic. Their "protein leverage hypothesis" suggests that the main reason people are putting on weight is because "we are surrounded by ultra-processed foods that are typically rich in fats and carbs but low in protein". During their study of 22 healthy volunteers, the professors found that the group consumed 210 more calories per day when they were on a low-protein diet than they did on a high-protein diet. "Do that on a regular basis and you would soon find yourself piling on the weight," the author wrote for Science Focus. "The volunteers also reported feeling hungrier a couple of hours after eating the low-protein breakfast, despite eating the same number of calories as on higher protein days. "That is certainly what I find." Speaking of his own experiences with low and high-protein diets, he continued: "When I eat eggs or fish for breakfast, I stay full until lunchtime. "But if I eat the same number of calories in the form of cereal or toast, I am craving a snack by mid-morning." Eggs, fish, meat and tofu are all rich in protein and can help build muscles, enzymes and much of the infrastructure of our bodies.