The hit BBC drama originally aired in 1996 and is widely considered one of the greatest British programmes. Starring current A-listers such as Christopher Eccleston and Daniel Craig, it launched the careers of several successful actors. After 26 years, fans of the show will get an insight into what the characters are up to now, with a radio instalment on Radio 4 exploring their lives in the current world. Christopher Eccleston starred as Nicky in the original series, while Daniel Craig played Geordie. Writer of the original series Peter Flannery has revisited the show ahead of the radio adaptation. He explained: "I hadn't looked at it for years and years and years. "I thought it stood up pretty well. The writing was good, the production was exceptionally good and the strength of the acting has kept it young." READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' Speaking to BBC, he continued: "The major themes of sleaze and corruption in local and national government have never gone away. "I think the spread of pornography and violence towards women have got worse." The original series explored a bleak political climate spanning several decades. Inspired by real-life events, the programme explored how events of the time shaped peoples' lives. The new instalment takes place in 2020, and was written by Adam Usden, who called the show "a stone-cold masterpiece". He told the publication the series is "incredibly intimate" with "compelling, personal stories". Adam told BBC: "I wanted to build on this sense of how the previous generation had shaped and impacted the people who had come after them in ways that neither generation always fully understood. "It was almost the perfect story to be able to pick up 25 years later, and to be able to take those core characters of Tosker, Mary, Nicky and Geordie and show how they had shaped the next generation, sometimes intentionally and lots of times in ways that perhaps they didn't intend." DON'T MISS... Antiques Roadshow shuts down expert over Roman knife handle [VIDEO]Killing Eve's Jodie Comer signs up for first new role after BBC drama [LATEST]Denise Van Outen did 'crying at home' as she spills on Eddie split [INTERVIEW] Flannery explained how he hadn't thought about what will have come of the four central characters since the show ended. He joked that he used to reply Geordie would "probably be dead" soon. The characters will have been in their 70s in 2020, so fans will be keen to find out how their lives have changed. With such a big hiatus between the two programmes, former viewers of the show will probably find it hard to imagine how the show will mould to a different timeframe. With the original series currently on Britbox, it's possible the show could have reached a new audience since its original run. The new episode features James Baxter, Norah Lopez Holden, Philip Correia and Luke MacGregor as Nicky, Mary, Tosker and Geordie, respectively. Our Friends in the North will air on BBC Radio 4 on Thursdays at 14:15 and on BBC Sounds. The original TV series is on Britbox.