Poundland is constantly changing and updating its company to meet customer demands, whether it’s opening a new branch somewhere in the country or introducing new items to its stores. Now, the discount retailer is changing the way customers shop for its products. For the first time ever, Poundland is making its products available to order online for all customers. The retailer has bought Poundshop.com to make it easier for customers to shop at its stores. Poundland said the acquisition of the website means shoppers will be able to shop online in the “near future”. It is, however, not yet clear when the online shop will be opening. READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours This is not the first time Poundland has put its products online. The company has been trialling an e-commerce option since last year, but only for a few customers living in parts of the UK. The trial was set up in the Midlands and South Yorkshire – available only for shoppers living in those regions of England. Poundshop.com will not only allow customers living in all parts of the UK to shop, but it will also mean adding more products to its range. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to remove mould from shower tiles 'without scrubbing' [UPDATE]How to grow the biggest hydrangeas - Pruning, mulching and watering  [TIPS]How to clean green marks off your fence - and keep them off [INSIGHT] Poundland will be able to extend its offering to include clothing and homeware. People living in the Republic of Ireland will also be able to shop online, as well as those living all over Britain. Poundland’s online trial is currently operating under Poundland.com, while Poundshop.com was the discount retailer’s biggest rival. Now, with its purchase, Poundland will be able to make its online shop better. Poundshop.com was founded in 2014 and has around 400,000 customers and 65 distribution centre staff. Poundland’s deal includes Poundshopcom’s intellectual property, online platform, warehouse, and customer database. All Poundland.com’s workers are being kept on, so no employee will lose their job. Barry Williams, Poundland managing director, said: “This acquisition puts power and pace behind our aspirations to make our amazing products and value available to customers across the UK and Ireland, however they choose to shop.” This is not the only change Poundland has made to its company recently. In early February, Poundland opened its largest store in the country in Nottingham, but days after its launch, it announced it will be opening an even bigger story on February 26. The store is located in Stockton-on-Tees, in County Durham. It has two levels and a huge clothing and homeware range. It also offers a variety of both fresh and frozen food.