  Jenny Ryan firmly shut down speculation that she had been given “easy questions” on The Chase yesterday evening after one viewer blasted the quizzer on Twitter. The Vixen had no time for the accusation and was backed up by her supportive fans.      Jenny, 39, was left frustrated by one viewer after he claimed she was getting “easy questions” on last night’s episode of The Chase. Bradley Smith tweeted out to his 44 followers: “Tonight @jenlion said she played her A game. “Nah she got a load of easy questions,” he added with two laughing emojis. Jenny was cool and calm in her response, simply tweeting: “I thought we were past this.”     The star also shared a gif of herself rolling her eyes on the popular ITV game show with her 107,300 followers. Jenny’s fans rallied round in support of the Chaser, who is employed by the show for her intellect. ChrisB wrote: “You can only answer the questions put in front of you. “Some people live a very negative existence and are intent on finding fault with anything and everything to try and make others feel as miserable as they are.      “Can only feel sorry for them. Absolutely love the Chase,” he added with a thumbs up emoji. Carly Gillam commented: “Unfortunately some people just don’t know when to quit when ripping into others personally and sadly I think this is what this GIF is made for these occasions. (sic) “We love you Jenny and you are so loved even though it doesn’t seem like it. I’m super proud to be #TeamVixen.” Ken McManus added: “That's the thing about social media. People with absolutely no knowledge of the topic spout off, and it's inevitable that someone will believe them. READ MORE... ‘Putin is laughing' Piers Morgan slams ‘pathetically spineless’ Europe [NEWS] Martin Kemp health: Star, 60, on medication for 'rest of his life' [UPDATE] Mark Labbett 'jealous' over Anne Hegerty's big announcement [NEWS]     “These people obviously don't know what an adjudicator does on the set.” Ali Drummond added: “I watched you on last night's episode and it was an incredible performance from yourself! Fantastic knowledge!” Ross Donaldson pointed out: “There is a very good reason why you occupy the chair that you do Jenny - and an even better reason why Bradley sits in his with his thumbs typing rubbish like that. “Thankfully though, you know it & he knows it and be in no doubt the rest of us can see it easily.”      Jenny, who goes by the stage name of ‘The Vixen’ on The Chase, wrote questions for the show’s pilot episode back in 2009. It was not until 2015 that she made her debut appearance, however, after she was recommended by fellow chaser Anne Hegerty. Aside from the popular quiz show, Ryan also competed in 2019’s The X Factor: Celebrity, in which she placed third. The Chase returns tomorrow night at 5pm on ITV.   