Manchester United are currently preparing for Sunday’s Premier League showdown with Manchester City as they look to get their season back on track. The Red Devils have dropped off a little of late, drawing with Atletico Madrid and Watford. But they’ll be looking to put their fierce rivals to the sword at the Etihad Stadium tomorrow as they aim to qualify for next season’s Champions League. Manchester United have been erratic this season, under both Ralf Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. And they’ll be hoping to get their campaign back on track after some underwhelming results and performances in recent weeks. United players have been put through their paces ahead of the match with City, who beat them 2-0 earlier in the campaign at Old Trafford. And images from Getty show exactly what they’ve been doing. Players appeared to be in good spirits during the session at Carrington on Wednesday, with Cristiano Ronaldo, Marcus Rashford and Paul Pogba all beaming. United squad members were seen doing fitness exercises, with Ronaldo, Rashford, Nemanja Matic and Phil Jones all sprinting. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here They seemed to be replicating a match situation, too, with the players split into two separate teams. Rashford netted during the mini-game, with the England international snapped running away with his right arm in the air. Harry Maguire tried to get the ball off Paul Pogba during the session as he looks to regain his best form. And veteran Juan Mata gave a thumbs-up gesture to the camera despite the Spain international barely featuring this term. It’ll be interesting to see how United fare against City. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Performances have improved under Rangnick and, with just one defeat in 90 minutes since his appointment, some progress has been made. Yet City are looking to win the title again and remain the favourites to do so, despite Liverpool closing the gap. Speaking before the match against Pep Guardiola’s team, Rangnick admitted that United needed to have a clear structure to reel in their rivals. “I have not thought about that,” he said when asked if they were in a position to have a similar structure to their rivals. “I don’t even know the structure or setup at City. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “My focus was, and still is, on developing the current team and getting best out of this season. “City and Liverpool have continuity and consistency in their head coach, for past five or six years. “They have very clear identity, how they want to play. I know Jurgen in person and I know Pep from his time in Germany managing Bayern Munich; he also has a clear idea how he wants to play. “This is the secret behind their success: they know exactly how they want to play, a corporate identity. “Not just for new players but for staff members too. This is what all the top clubs have in common. “This is something that needs to be developed at Manchester United.” Guardiola, meanwhile, has refused to write off United despite his team being favourites to claim all three points. “I see the weakness points they have and I see the strengths points they have, but if I see this as an easy game I’m not going to sleep well,” he said. “To sleep well I have to see the best of them but when they don’t have the ball I try to find the weaknesses that they have. “But of course always I think the best version of all of them. Otherwise I would make a mistake.”