As we only tend to buy a new mattress every decade or so, it’s hard to know off the top of your head what to look for because it’s not something we shop for very often. If you’ve come to the conclusion you’re ready for an upgrade but aren’t sure where to start, we’re here to help. One of the most important considerations when mattress shopping is your sleeping style, and it’s recommended that side sleepers opt for a mattress that strikes a comfortable balance between soft and firm so it can cushion vulnerable pressure points. There are a few things side sleepers should consider before they buy a new mattress, including: Now that you’ve made these considerations and have a better idea of what you’re looking for, you can keep scrolling to take a look at the best mattress for side sleepers in each category. READ MORE: 9 Best memory foam mattresses 2022: Full-body support while you sleep READ MORE: 13 best mattresses 2022: Memory foam, pocket sprung and hybrid  READ MORE: Best Simba mattress deals 2022: Up to 40% slashed off mattresses and bundles in Sleep Sale  Specifications: Sizes available: single, small double, double, king, super king, EU single, EU double, EU queen, kids| Mattress depth: 31cm | Material: Hybrid | Firmness: Medium-firm. Hybrid mattresses use a heavenly combination of memory foam and springs to give you a supportive yet adaptable sleeping surface, which is perfect for those who need mattresses with a bit of give. The Simba Hybrid Luxe Mattress is a top choice for side sleepers as it is made up of ten indulgent layers that guarantee support, pressure relief, and the ultimate comfort. Specifications Sizes available: Single, small double, double, king, super king | Mattress depth: 25cm | Material: Memory foam | Firmness: Medium-firm Memory foam can be a good option for side sleepers, as they provide even weight distribution and offers pressure relief for the shoulders, hips and face. This thick, medium-firm mattress from Nectar will hug the body with three layers of premium foam that provide body support and spinal alignment, while also keeping you cool throughout the night. Specifications: Sizes available: single, small double, double, kingsize, super kingsize | Mattress depth: 30cm | Material: Pocket-sprung | Firmness: Firm. Although it is recommended that side sleepers opt for a mattress that is more soft-medium firm than firm, some people do just prefer a firm base - especially if they’re sharing their bed with a partner. If you’re constantly being woken up by your partner tossing and turning, the 1,000 individual pocket springs plus 4,000 mini springs in this firm mattress from Hotel Ambassador will limit these disturbances. Specifications: Sizes available: double, king, super king | Mattress depth: 25cm | Material: hybrid | Firmness: medium-firm This delightfully luxurious mattress from Brook + Wilde is ideal for side sleepers that also, unfortunately, suffer from back pain. The Ultima contains 6,000 nano and pocket springs in twin layers with layers of premium memory foam for extra cushion. The signature wave technology has been designed to provide zonal support in order to ease joints and alleviate pressure where you need it. Buy: Brook + Wilde (£1899) Specifications: Sizes available: single, small double, double, king, super king, EU single, EU double, EU queen, kids| Mattress depth: 28cm | Material: Hybrid | Firmness: Medium-firm. This Simba mattress has seven expertly engineered layers for enhanced comfort, for a deeper and more restorative sleep. These seven layers work together to relieve pressure while you sleep, helping ensure the hips, shoulders, and ears of a side sleeper are well taken care of. Specifications: Sizes available: Single, small double, double, king, super king | Mattress depth: 25cm | Material: Memory foam | Firmness: Medium-firm. Memory foam mattresses are a good bet for couples, as each side can adapt to suit the person sleeping on it. The three layers of pressure-relieving foam and temperature regulating technology in this Emma mattress make this one a great fit for all body types and sleeping positions - perfect for couples with different body compositions and preferred sleeping styles. Buy: Emma (from: £249.50) Specifications: Sizes available: single, small double, double, king, super king | Mattress depth: 24cm| Material: memory foam | Firmness: medium-firm If you have £1000 to spend, that is plenty to find a high-quality, supportive mattress that will keep a side sleeper comfortable throughout the night. This mattress from Eve Sleep has unique contour zones with three layers of foam that support your body all night long. Specifications: Sizes available: Single, double, king, super king | Mattress depth: 28cm | Material: Pocket-spring | Firmness: Medium-firm. If you’ve got about £500 to spend, you’re more likely to find a pocket-spring mattress within your budget than memory foam or hybrid. This Silentnight mattress uses a Mirapocket spring system for tailored support, with each spring reacting independently to the weight and movement of the body for even weight distribution while also keeping the spine aligned, even while you’re sleeping on your side. There really isn’t one best type of mattress, as the best mattress for you will depend on a number of factors, even when you’re getting as specific as the best mattress for side sleepers. There are three main varieties of mattresses though which will help you narrow down your search: Pocket sprung If you like a bouncy bed base, a pocket sprung mattress will be good for you. Also, if you tend to get warm at night, these kinds of mattresses don’t get as hot as memory foam mattresses, and they are good at providing pressure-relieving support. Memory foam Memory foam mattresses soften and mould to your body shape over time, providing a superior level of comfort and support. These kinds of mattresses are ideal for side sleepers and those who suffer from back, neck, shoulder, or hip pain. Hybrid These kinds of mattresses tend to be the most expensive, as they combine spring and memory foam technology for superior, unmatched comfort and support. You’ll be able to enjoy pressure relief from the foam along with the firm feel of a spring mattress, so you get the best of both worlds. A pressure point is the area of the body that is sensitive to pressure, and these are the parts of the body that press against the mattress while you’re sleeping. For side sleepers, pressure points are usually the shoulders, and hips, making these the areas you need to ensure are taken care of while you sleep. As the shoulders and hips will be pressing against the mattress as you sleep if you’re a side sleeper, it’s advised to opt for a mattress that is supportive without being overly firm, as this may put too much pressure on these areas and lead to soreness. A soft to medium-firm mattress will be better equipped at providing support while also having some give that will mould to your body’s contours while ensuring your spine is aligned through the night.