Brazil boss Tite has issued an apology to Mikel Arteta after reports surfaced claiming he is in early talks to become Arsenal's manager. The 60-year-old addressed the surprise rumours which recently emerged in his homeland, labelling such speculation as "lies".  The Brazilian reports come as quite the shock given Arteta is currently immersed within a promising Arsenal project. The Spaniard has overseen a remarkable renaissance with the Gunners this season and it is widely understood that the Emirates outfit are poised to offer him a bumper three-year contract. Despite that, Tite has found himself linked with the managerial job in North London, largely due to his close relationship with Gunners' director Edu Gaspar. On Monday, the Brazil boss addressed such speculation, insisting there is no truth to the rumours before issuing an apology to Arteta. According to UOL, Tite declared: “My feeling is of sadness. I feel sad. I am sad because the information given to the public is a lie. The information is a lie. READ MORE: Arsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks held  “And the people I represent and feel identified with me, rest assured, because Tite has a personal conduct, values his professional activity and knows the responsibility of the Brazilian national team. “Sorry, Arsenal, sorry, Arteta. It wasn’t that situation. It didn’t come from us. No, there is absolutely nothing. No person connected to me, Gilmar Veloz… “My word of honour is that there is no one, not even from me and Gilmar, who can talk about it. My wife, rest assured. Miro, my brothers, rest assured, your brother has dignity in what he does. DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt  "I have great respect for being coach of the national team and for the competition, for the World Cup, which is what matters most.” Tite took over as Brazil manager back in 2016 and led his nation to the quarter-final stage at the World Cup in Russia two years later. The Selecao comfortably qualified for the showpiece tournament again this time around, and remain unbeaten after 16 qualifying matches. Tite has already confirmed he will leave his role as Brazil national team coach following this year's World Cup. It remains to be seen where he will manage next, however it is understood that he is hoping to take up a managerial role in Europe at some point in the future. 