Liam Cavanagh (played by Jonny McPherson) has been left traumatised following the discovery it was Emmerdale villain Meena (Paige Sandhu) who murdered his daughter, Leanna Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger) last year. The beloved character almost lost his wife, Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi) in the killer's latest rampage before she was arrested, which has left the couple even more on edge. As the doctor tries to get his life back on track, however in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, he will try his best to ensure his neighbour Wendy Posner (Susan Cookson) remains in a job but will this mean leaving the Dales for good? The drama begins during next week's instalments of the weeknight serial drama as the village continues to rebuild after Meena's arrest. Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker) will be in for a tough time as her evil sister tries to pin Andrea Tate's (Anna Nightingale) death on the doctor. With one medical professional out of the picture, Liam and Wendy will try to hold down the fort at the doctor's practice. Unfortunately, they are devastated to discover the practice's website has been littered with abusive comments as Meena was a nurse there. Both of the villagers know this could be catastrophic for the practice's future as people will start a boycott, fearing they will be killed by a member of staff. READ MORE: Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series 'No-brainer' In the not-so-distant future, the pair could be given notice to find jobs elsewhere as the practice is going to be shut down. The nearest medical setting for them to try and secure another job would be in Hotten, which is the nearest town to Emmerdale. Although, there is no guarantee they would be hired as the hospital and practices could be fully staffed and so they would have to expand their horizons. With her son, Luke Posner (Max Parker) living away from the Dales in London, Wendy could pack up and move to the capital. Things would be a little more tricky for Liam and Leyla as they have more connections to the village as the latter's son, Jacob Gallagher (Joe-Warren Plant) still lives there. Leyla would be hesitant to leave her son but she would have some comfort in knowing her son's father, David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden), is living in the village. Having gone through so much together as a couple, Leyla could make the decision she is going to make an exit alongside her husband. They could venture further north to try and find him a new job, as the doctor would also want to escape his past in the Dales. He also pushed Meena off a bridge following the discovery she had killed Leanna and although he has convinced the police he didn't do it, the killer is determined to expose his lies. Could an exit from the Dales help him to maintain his freedom as he knows the walls are slowing moving in on him? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charley Webb hints at return to acting after quitting soap [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Emma Atkins issues warning to Lucy Pargeter over soap [COMMENT]Zoë Henry: Emmerdale star on husband's life-changing condition [COMMENT] The actor who plays Liam, Jonny, has spoken out about his character's future after he discovered what really happened to Leanna. Jonny explained: "I think with any trauma in life, you have to create a logic and analysis for it for people involved. "Liam has spent a good year or so trying to box up the fury, grief and anger and the existential feeling of 'why carry on'. "He’s managed to gather all that up, close the door, lock it and then once all of this transpires, it’s like a wardrobe that’s stuffed too full – everything has fallen out and completely submerged him again. "This is going to make it even more difficult than it already has been. It’s going to set him back quite a few steps," he said in an interview with Metro.co.uk. After Leyla was shot by Meena a couple of weeks ago, the actress who plays her, Roxy, has also discussed her character's future. The soap star said: "I think Leyla is one of those people that can just crack on no matter what, and then the cracks will fracture in the background. "I think Leyla would always move forward but then deal with it later. "She packs it up in a box and cracks on, but I think after everything she has been through, those issues are going to come up later, somehow. "I'd like her to have a bit of fun, I really, really would. I doubt very much that is going to happen given where she is in her life at the moment and everything that's going on." "Things like that, just some light-hearted comedy, but I don't know whether that'll be coming any time soon," she added so could she be leaving the village in the not-so-distant future? The actress who plays Wendy, Susan, opened up last year about moving on to another soap in the future during an interview with ITV's Lorraine. Susan said: "I would happily do that. At the moment, I’m very happy in the Dales. "I’m very happy in Emmerdale village but who knows? I’d go and have a pint of beer in the Queen Vic, of course, I would!" Could this be the next avenue for the soap star if she does end up leaving as part of a triple exit storyline? Emmerdale currently airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV, with an extra episode airing on Thursdays at 8pm.