It is not yet known if detectives are linking the two attacks. West Midlands Police were first following reports a woman was heard screaming from inside a white van. The van was located at a car park in Cheylesmore, Coventry on Sunday evening.  It is believed a bare-chested man drove away in the van. Witnesses claimed a woman was heard screaming from inside the van at the junction of Quinton Park and Blondvil Street. The incident on Sunday evening occurred at around at 8.40pm. The force then received another 999 call reporting a female was dragged off the street and into a car in West Bromwich, West Midlands.   This second incident happened at around 9.40pm. The woman was waiting by a bus stop in Hill Top. She was then approached by a man who pulled her across the road and into a vehicle being driven by another male. Witnesses described the woman as being in distress. She was shouting and the police say they have "serious concerns" for her welfare. Regarding the West Bromwich kidnap, a police spokesperson said: "We've launched an investigation to identify and find the woman and trace the men and car involved.    DON'T MISS: Britain to turn white as 4 inches of snow bomb to hit by next week [LATEST] Meghan Markle warned by Royal chef she would have to pay for her meal [REVEALED] Ukraine war: Drone carrying bomb crashes into Croatian capital [REPORT] "The man who approached the woman is described as white, bald and in his 40s. "We believe the car was a grey BMW X5. "We're appealing to anyone who was in the area at the time and may have witnessed what happened, or any motorists with dash-cam who may have caught the vehicle on video, to get in touch." On the Coventry incident, the spokesperson added: "We’ve got officers on the scene doing house-to-house enquiries and looking for CCTV opportunities and we’re appealing for anyone who heard or saw anything suspicious to get in touch. "It’s not clear at this stage what’s happened and there could be an innocent explanation, but our priority is confirming that if a woman was inside the van that she is safe and well." Anyone with information is asked to call the police on 999 quoting log number 3459 for the Coventry incident and log 3602 for the West Bromwich incident. 