Peaky Blinders fans will finally discover the fate of Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) when the final season of the BBC series comes to a conclusion. Lizzie Shelby (Natasha O’Keefe) has been by Tommy’s side since the death of his first wife Grace Shelby (Annabelle Wallis) however, will she turn her back on her husband after becoming frustrated with his behaviour? Tommy has understandably failed to forgive himself for his role in the death of Polly Gray (Helen McCrory). During the first two episodes of season six, Lizzie has made several references to how Tommy has changed since he lost the matriarch. But will the mum of Tommy’s daughter turn against her husband as he continues to grow increasingly distant from her? In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Steven Knight explained how the role of the Shelby women will evolve in season six. Read more: Peaky Blinders season 6: Grey man's identity uncovered? The showrunner was asked if either Lizzie and Ada Thorne (Sophie Rundle) will step into Polly’s matriarchal role. “Not matriarchal,” he confirmed. “But yes, someone who steps up to do what needs to be done.” Could this hint at Lizzie taking over the Shelby business and betraying Tommy? The first episode of the new series appeared to confirm Tommy had spent little time at home in Birmingham following the death of Polly. If Lizzie fails to get through to her husband, will she decide he is no longer fit to run the business and conspire against him? In the season opener, Lizzie opened up on her concerns about Tommy to Ada. Referring to Lizzie’s planned trip to Canada, Ada asked: “What ship are you on tomorrow?” “Oh the best, the most expensive one and then we’ll get there and Tommy will say, ‘Hello Lizzie. Hello children,’ in that dead voice,” she replied. DON'T MISSPeaky Blinders season 6: Alfie's death sealed after Tommy betrayal? [THEORY]Peaky Blinders: Shelbys destroyed as Tommy makes unforgivable mistake? [INSIGHT]Peaky Blinders season 6: Finn Shelby killed in revenge plot? [INTERVIEW] “Come on Lizzie he’ll be on holiday being away might change him,” Ada suggested. “Even on holiday Ada, even on top of a rocky mountain, he’ll be the same way he’s been since Polly died,” Lizzie noted. “No more Polly, no more whisky, no more Tommy.” The Shelby mum added to this sentiment in last week’s instalment of the series. She described Tommy as “speaking like you’re watching everything on a screen”. The Peaky Blinders gang leader has struggled with his mental health ever since he returned from World War I but Polly’s death may have tipped him over the edge. Will Lizzie tell Ada her brother can’t be trusted to run the business anymore? This could be the final betrayal for Tommy who began the series holding a gun to his head. Will Tommy’s death conclude the final season of Peaky Blinders just as it opened it? Peaky Blinders continues on BBC One on Sunday at 9pm.