Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield were joined by Nick Ferrari and Beverly Turner on Thursday’s This Morning as the panel discussed the day’s headlines. As conversation turned to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, Nick issued a chilling warning on Russian President Vladimir Putin and what he feels needs to be done to bring the war to an end. “You are dealing with an irrational, I think I’m going to say madman inside the Kremlin, who it doesn’t matter what Prince Charles, the Royal Family, whatever group of politicians say, he will plough his own course,” Nick stated. Referring to his interview with a Russian soldier on his radio show, Holly asked: “Did you ask him about the children being arrested?” “Oh yes, absolutely, that they were just briefly detained for their own safety,” Nick replied, with Holly gasping in shock. Phillip questioned: “What’s the end game here Nick?” Read more: James Martin derails co-star’s segment as he causes kitchen mayhem “I don’t know,” the LBC host relied. “I really don’t know. I will say this, I don’t think the boys will be home for Christmas, to use an old World War One phrase. “I think we’re going to be looking at weeks and months of Ukrainian resistance and that will be ramped up and needs to be ramped up. “It’s whether the message can get to Putin and whether what is called an offramp - you’ll have heard this expression a lot - an offramp is a way you get Putin a path that he can back down gracefully and is seen to achieve something.” “We have to build an offramp,” the LBC host added. Beverly argued: “I think this is what we need to consider when we’re asking this question, ‘When will this end?’ "I agree with Nick there has to be a way out for Vladimir Putin to leave, not with his head high, but with somehow feeling like he has had some sort of victory. “All the best negotiations both sides walk away feeling like they have won in some way. “The best Russian commentators that I’ve heard talking about this have said that actually to give him Crimea, to give him the Donbas, to give him the eastern regions which is what he wanted.” DON'T MISSNaga Munchetty slammed over ‘insensitive’ Sergiy Stakhovsky probe [INSIGHT]Charlie Stayt slams Tory MP as just '8 Russian oligarchs' sanctioned [VIDEO]Dan Walker forced to apologise as BBC guest drops F-bomb [INTERVIEW] “There are some very lucrative ports to give them to him and to know we are going to have some sort of peace keeping troops on the borders for possibly ever. “That’s the best we can hope for,” she continued. Sharing a touching story from the conflict, Beverly said: “Once he loses the support of the Russian people that’s when he’s going to be weakened. “There was a very moving story of a Ukrainian grandmother who walked up to a Russian solider and she handed him some sunflower seeds. “She said, ‘Put these in your pocket so when you die sunflowers may grow in your place.’ “It’s these awful moving stories which will we hope move this forward.” More than one million people have fled Ukraine and hundreds of civilians are believed to have been killed. Russian forces have now taken control of Kherson in the south, the first major city to fall. This Morning airs on ITV on weekdays at 10am.