Former Emmerdale actress Gemma Atkinson has taken to Instagram to share that she feels "guilty" over the conflict in Ukraine. The model, 37, spoke directly to her fans as she revealed that the people of Ukraine were in her thoughts as she started her day off in her home gym, while supporting the women of the country in a poignant post on International Women's Day. In view of her 1.7 million followers, the former Strictly Come Dancing star told of her heartbreak over the war in the country. Greeting her followers from her home gym, Gemma looked ready to take on her busy day. She said: "Morning, I just finished my session, I did a nice little cardio sesh to set me up for the day and my shoot. "It's weird though, I just did that post for Ukraine," she said, referencing a story she shared earlier on the situation. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen admits ‘feeling of helplessness’ Gemma continued: "Does anyone else feel like, I don't know, almost guilty every now and then, well a lot of the time. "Like just then I was training and half way through I stopped and thought, 'Oh my God, those people, what they're going through....' "It's just awful and you feel, well I feel hopeless because over here what can you do?" she quizzed her fans. She went on: "Other than, yes I've donated, lots of people have donated, what else can you do? "You feel like, it's like watching a movie and waiting for it to end. "Anyway, I just thought I'd share that nugget. "Hopefully you all know what I mean and you feel the same," she ended, before going on to share her busy day which involved a professional photo shoot. Hours earlier, the mother-of-one had previously shared a poignant post, which read: "To the women in Ukraine today, on International Women's Day. DON'T MISS... Rachel Riley fumes Russian men can 'stick their flowers this year' [INSIGHT]Alan Titchmarsh hits out at cancel culture as he promotes 'tolerance' [ANALYSIS]Demi Jones talks rare compliment from Strictly pro James Jordan [UPDATE] "I cannot begin to imagine your pain. "Your strength is immeasurable. "I feel hopeless over here watching, you're in my thoughts.Say strong (sic)," Gemma signed off, alongside yellow and blue heart emojis. Gemma's post comes days after she asked her fans to back her up after her fiance Gorka Marquez mocked her for worrying about a certain wardrobe malfunction. "I cannot begin to imagine your pain."Your strength is immeasurable."I feel hopeless over here watching, you're in my thoughts.Say strong " Gemma signed off, alongside yellow and blue heart emojis.Gemma's post comes days after she asked her fans to back her up after her fiance Gorka Marquez mocked her for worrying about a certain wardrobe malfunction.  Gorka shared a clip to his Instagram story of Gemma looking at herself in a hotel mirror while wearing a pair of black leggings with a white hoodie and a coat. To double check that she hadn’t fallen victim to an outfit blunder, Gemma bent over in front of the mirror to make sure her underwear wasn’t showing through her leggings. In his disbelief, Gorka asked his 688,000 followers: “Is this a thing?” Along with several laughing emojis. Explaining herself, Gemma reposted the clip to her own story and urged her fans to back her up.