Kevin Alejandro appeared in over 90 episodes of the hit show Lucifer as Detective 'Douche' Dan Espinoza. He isn't the only actor in the family. His son Kaden Alejandro has signed on to appear in the ABC pilot Josep, a comedy about a recently divorced man navigating his new single life. The actor's dad shared a heartfelt post online to support him. In the pilot, Kaden will play the son of the divorced couple, and although he deals well with his parents parting ways, he doesn't deal so well with his grandmother telling him that he is too American and needs to pay more attention to his Filipino roots. Kevin took to Instagram to share a post with his 907,000 followers about his Kaden's success. The star said: "Proud papa moment!! I'm literally in tears right now because I am so extremely proud of my son @kadenalejandro_. "He has joined one of the greatest comedians of our time, @jokoy in one of the most important stories for @abcnetwork. Read More: Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns as Marlon Dingle discovers he has another child? "I love you Mijo!! And I'm lucky to be your dad!" The post has received over 5,000 likes, with friends and fans adding their celebratory messages to it. Actor Jaylen Moore commented: "Yessss! That's amazing. Congrats Pappa and big congrats to little man!" (sic) Fellow Lucifer alumnae who played Ella Lopez in the show added: "Omg!!! Congrats Kayden!!! HELL YEAH." (sic) Fan @margieoxley excitedly said: "Congratulations!! Such a wonderful moment for you all." Kaden is 14-years-old and has a few acting credits under his belt, and if the new show gets picked up, this will be his first recurring character on a TV series. So far, he has appeared in single episodes of The Rookie, 9-1-1: Lone Star and Bel-Air. This post came just days after the 45-year-old shared the good news about himself joining a new show. DON’T MISS…Emmerdale theory: Rishi Sharma's secret illness exposed in Manpreet Sharma twist? [SPOILERS]'I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on regret over Marian Brook role [LATEST]Coronation Street icon Bethany Platt to return for Adam Barlow's funeral?  [SPOILERS] He will be working on CBS' Cal Fire, a drama about a firefighting program in northern California. Kevin's character is called Manny and is described as a proud father and fire captain in charge of prison inmates when they are on the fire line. Cal Fire will be produced by Jerry Bruckheimer, who also executive produced the hit fantasy series Lucifer for Fox and Netflix. On sharing his own news, the star posted on Instagram and said: "And here it is!!! I am HONORED to join these heavyweights @maxthieriot and @billyburke06 in this truly special project! "And I get to stay in the @jerrybruckheimer and @kargfm family! "Stick with us my friends and follow our journey! This one's gonna be a doozy!! @cbstvstudios @cbstv." If the pilots, once filmed, get picked up, fans should expect to see some more joyful social media posts. Lucifer seasons 3-6 are available to stream on Netflix. Seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Amazon Prime Video UK.