With just over a day to go until Rishi Sunak's 'mini-Budget', the Office for National Statistics (ONS) revealed public sector borrowing rose more than forecast in February to reach £13.1billion. Previously the Office for Budget Responsibility had forecast around £8billion, with February's figure the second-highest ever for the month since 1993. One of the main factors behind the recent surge in borrowing has been the effect inflation is having on the interest payments the Government needs to make on its debts. Laith Khalaf, head of investment analysis at AJ Bell, said on Tuesday, March 22: "So far this fiscal year, interest payments on government debt have rocketed from £37.5billion to £67billion, partly as a result of higher coupons being paid on the £500billion of inflation-linked gilts it has issued. "That effectively means that around half the money the government is currently borrowing is being used to service its debt, which is a precarious position for any Chancellor." Mr Khalaf suggested the higher debt payments could scale back Mr Sunak's Spring Statement ambitions and "probably temper his generosity" ahead of the announcement on Wednesday, March 23 Total public sector net debt stood at £2,326.8billion at the end of February, according to the ONS - a level not seen since the early 1960s.  Samuel Tombs, Chief UK Economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, said: "Mr. Sunak likely will want to preserve his fiscal headroom so that he can cut taxes in the run-up to the next election in May 2024, and will avoid temporary measures that would be withdrawn close to polling day." Mr Tombs predicts a budget giveaway worth around £13 billion which he said "probably would mean that households still will experience this year the biggest annual decline in their real disposable income since the Second World War". Similar predictions come from Capital Economics who have pencilled in a £10billion support package. UK Economist Bethany Beckett said: "We expect hopes of a big handout at the Spring Statement tomorrow to be dashed.  "The Chancellor will try to balance the near-term benefits of supporting households with the medium-term goal of fiscal restraint, allowing him to loosen policy ahead of the 2024 election." The Chancellor has been under sustained pressure to tackle the growing cost of living with calls for both spending commitments and tax cuts. April will see a rise in National Insurance which many, including backbench MPs and business groups such as the Federation of Small Businesses and British Chambers of Commerce, have called to be dropped or delayed. There have also been calls for a cut to taxes on energy supplies as oil and gas prices soar with speculation the Chancellor may opt for a cut of up to 5p on fuel duty. Proposals for such cuts have also attracted criticism though for not targeting those most likely to struggle with the cost of living effectively.   DON'T MISS: EU banks desperate to keep financial link to UK face Brussels threat [REVEAL] Housing market looks "less rosy" despite strong start to the year [ANALYSIS] Ruble slides as Russian markets begin reopening [SPOTLIGHT] Think tank the Resolution Foundation has instead suggested an increase to working-age and pensioner benefits which currently stand to be significantly outstripped by inflation. While February's data comes as a disappointment overall, data for the fiscal year 2021-22 found borrowing on track to undershoot forecasts by around £24 billion, giving some headroom for the Chancellor. ONS data also released this morning for tax receipts found an increase of £132.1 billion for the fiscal year with receipts from VAT up by £61.3 billion. Victoria Scholar, Head of Investment at interactive investor, said: "Even though the government is battling rising interest payments, it has support from a tightening labour market and rising inflation, which have led to higher wages and spending in the UK economy, bolstering the government’s tax receipts and on balance flattering the public purse. "The data comes at a good time for the Chancellor, who will highlight these fiscal improvements when laying out his plans to tackle the cost-of-living crisis in tomorrow’s spring statement.” 