Max Verstappen has made an unusual request to F1 bosses after they announced a new street race in Las Vegas next season. The reigning champion has demanded F1 does not put Las Vegas as part of a back-to-back race weekend. He warned a “few drivers might not wake up” for the race and suggested F1 needed a “two-week break” either side of the race. However, he added racing in the iconic city would be “fun” in a video released by F1 showing the driver's first reaction to the news. Verstappen said: “I think a few drivers might not wake up for the race itself. Let's not do back to back for this one, let's give it like two weeks' break before and after." When asked if Verstappen will need a detox week, he added: “If you call it a detox, yeah. It’s going to be fun.” READ MORE: Red Bull 'looked closely' at Hamilton to help Verstappen win Saudi GP However, Verstappen’s request may well fall on deaf ears due to the nature of the F1 calendar. F1 has confirmed the race will take place in November meaning it will be one of the last events of the season. Abu Dhabi has recently signed a long-term deal to host the season finale and Austin usually hosts its United States Grand Prix around October. It is likely F1 could do these two US races as a double-header before flying to South America and then the Middle East. F1 previously raced in the city in 1981 and 1982 but bosses have stressed this race will be the first down the iconic Strip. The circuit will consist of 14 corners and promises speeds of over 200mph. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen's Red Bull 'more difficult' than the Ferrari [COMMENT]Red Bull's Helmut Marko agrees with Christian Horner about Mercedes [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen caught driving one-handed during Saudi GP [PICS] The drivers all had stunned reactions to the news worth McLaren driver Daniel Ricciardo also letting slip he would stay in the sport to race on a new track. He said: “I was gonna retire, I will not no more.” Although it is unsure if Ricciardo was speaking in jest, it fuels rumours Ricciardo is unsettled with his current team. F1 boss Stefano Domenicali added in Las Vegas there was “no better place” for F1 to race. He said: “This is an incredible moment for Formula One that demonstrates the huge appeal and growth of our sport with a third race in the US. Las Vegas is a destination known around the world for its excitement, hospitality, thrills, and of course, the famous Strip. “There is no better place for Formula One to race than in the global entertainment capital of the world and we cannot wait to be here next year. I want to thank everyone who helped deliver this event, especially Governor Sisolak, the Clark County Commission, Steve Hill at the LVCVA, and our local partners.”