Succession star Brian Cox has admitted that he isn't scared of cancel culture, revealing that he "doesn't give a f**k". The actor, 75, made the revelations in a new interview where he told how he used to "censor" his opinions but has become more straightforward with age. Appearing on NPR's Bullseye podcast, the award-winning actor candidly said that he now "says what he feels". The Logan Roy actor said: "When I was younger I would censor myself a lot. "Like oh you can't do that, you can't do that, you can't say that. "But when you're 75, you know, I don't give a f***. READ MORE: Louise Minchin speaks out as ex-BBC Breakfast colleague calls it quits "I'll say what I feel, I'll say what I think," he admitted. Brian went on: "And it's not always what people think I think. "They think I think one thing and I just have to realign them and say, 'No, you've got that wrong, actually it's this.' "That's the great thing about language and intention. People don't always get it," he added. The star went on to tell how acting had given him a "sense of purpose" which kept him going. Brian said: "I had some kind of sense of purpose, and that was the lucky thing that really kept me going, even before all the tragedy in my life, was this sense of purpose. "And I got that from really knowing that I was going to be an actor, and knowing that that's what I wanted to do," he explained on the podcast. It comes after the star described the Ukraine invasion as "truly awful" when accepting an accolade alongside the Succession cast at the SAG Awards earlier this month. DON'T MISS...Kirstie Allsopp on hold for two hours as critic mocks 'class issue' [INSIGHT]Christian Horner blasted as 'unwatchable' amid F1 backlash [ANALYSIS]Demi Rose puts on cheeky display in tiny, see-through dress [UPDATE] Brian took home the gong for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble, with his co-stars at the event. While accepting the award, the actor condemned how artists in Russia were being impacted by the conflict. During his acceptance speech, Cox said: "This is a thing that's come to me about what's going on in Ukraine. "It's truly, truly awful, really, really awful what's happening. And it's particularly awful in terms of what is affecting the other people, particularly in our profession." He added: "The thing that's really distressed me is what's happening in Russia to my fellow actors and actresses and performers, and critics. "They are told under pain of high treason that they cannot say a word about Ukraine. And I think that is pretty awful. "I think we should all stand together and also for those people in Russia who do not like what's going on, particularly the artists." The actor continued: "I think we should really join in celebrating them and hoping that they can actually make a shift. Because I believe they can." Cox also shared how Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky was an actor and comic before serving as the nation's leader, adding that he should be "respected" for it.