The start of April will bring a slew of new price increases on essential utilities like energy and water. The cost of living crisis gripping Britain will be unavoidable for many British households from tomorrow onwards, and there is little help on the way from the Government to counteract the financial pain. The dreaded rise in the energy price cap will take effect from April 1. The cap will rise from £1,277 to £1,971 for a household on average usage, equalling a £693 per year increase for the average customer. Prepayment meter customers will see an increase of £708 from £1,309 to £2,017.  READ MORE: What to do if you can't submit your meter reading The pain is likely to get worse when the next cap arrives in October, with experts believing it could rise to £3,000 per year. It is advisable to submit your meter readings on the day before the price cap rise so you will only pay for what you used on the old rate. However, there have been multiple reports this afternoon that major energy supplier websites have gone down due to demand, with thousands across the UK attempting to submit their readings all at once. If you have a smart meter, you do not need to submit a reading - but take a picture of today’s reading in case anything is disputed down the line. New council tax rates will begin on April 1, and will affect all properties in the UK. All in all, your council tax will could increase by as much as five percent. This is made up of a two percent council tax rise and an additional three percent for social care - but the exact figures depend on the area you live in. Your council will write to you telling you exactly how much you owe for the year.  DON'T MISSE.ON blames Martin Lewis as website crashes on 'meter reading day' [REPORT]Kitchen appliances one of the ‘easiest places’ to cut down costs [INSIGHT]Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less [EXPLAINER] The average bill for water and sewerage will rise from tomorrow for those living in England and Wales. According to industry body Water UK, the average annual water bill in England and Wales will jump to £419 from an average of £412 last year. Fortunately, unlike energy bills, this is a rise of only £7 a year. The National Insurance rise for British workers will begin on April 6, adding 1.25 percentage points to your tax bill. Train tickets are also expected to increase in April, and could rise by as much as 10 percent in with the Retail Prices Index. The price of posting items and letters will also become dearer, as the cost of first class stamps will rise by 10p and second class stamps to 68p - a rise of 10p and 2p respectively.