Arsenal will likely seek for a profit on the £27million they paid for William Saliba, if they decide to sell him at the end of the season. Mikel Arteta’s side loaned the Frenchman to Marseille at the start of the season, after deeming he was not yet ready for Premier League football. The 20-year-old Frenchman has enjoyed a fantastic season for Jorge Sampaoli’s side, impressing in a Marseille side that is currently on course for Champions League football next season. Saliba has made 26 out of a possible 27 Ligue 1 appearances for the French giants, that have kept a very impressive 11 clean sheets this season. However, the future of the former Saint-Etienne ace is very uncertain, amid rumours that he will depart the Gunners on a permanent basis this season. And if this is to be the case at the end of the current campaign, reports from France understand the Gunners will want to not only recoup the £27m they spent on him, but also make a handsome profit. TOP STORY: Roy Keane claims six Man Utd stars should never play for club again in post-Man City rant This is according to French outlet L’Equipe, via Sport Witness, who believe the Gunners will “definitely” ask for more than they paid for the defender. Marseille president Pablo Longoria recently insisted Saliba was “very happy” at the Stade Velodrome, before hinting the club will try to make his loan move permanent. “It’s a three-way question. For the club that owns the player, Arsenal, the player and Marseille,” Longoria recently said to Le10Sport. “We have to see our possibilities. He is very happy here, we are very satisfied with his performance. DON'T MISSMan Utd players ‘angry’ after Cristiano Ronaldo fails to show for Man City clash [REPORT]Gary Neville tears into 'embarrassing' Man Utd against Man City - 'I've never seen that' [QUOTES]Barcelona's ridiculous XI if Erling Haaland and three other players join Xavi's team [OPINION] “William is one of the best young defenders I have seen in my career. After all, everything depends on the three parties. “It’s a matter of market value. But we have extraordinary relations with Arsenal.” After his £27m move to the Emirates Stadium in 2019, Saliba was immediately loaned back to his parent club for Saint-Etienne for the rest of the season. However, he was loaned to Nice the following season, before being sent on loan to Marseille the following window. While eyebrows have been raised at Saliba’s constant loan spells, Arteta has already stated the France U21 ace will be a part of his plans next season. "I know that sometimes it’s difficult to explain or understand after the money that the club has spent trying to bring him in, to send him on loan," Arteta said at the beginning of the season. "But a lot of things have happened to him he’s a long-term player for us and we need to protect him as well. And giving him three or four games is not enough. "He’s very happy to go there now. “Hopefully, he can enjoy his football and be ready for us for next season."