Jenson Brooksby has apologised for accidentally hitting a ball boy during his Miami Open win over Federico Coria on Thursday. There were calls for the American to be disqualified for the match after a ball boy was struck when he threw his racket for the second time in the match, with his opponent also pushing the umpire to default him. Brooksby became the latest player involved in controversy for his on-court frustrations after a ball boy was hit by a racket he threw in anger during his first-round win in Miami. The world No 39 was up a double-break on Coria in the final set when the Argentine created a break point chance. It prompted the American to throw his racket to the floor, as it bounced up and made contact with a ball kid who was standing by the screen at the back of the court. The 21-year-old received a point penalty for the incident which handed Coria the break but the world No 60 argued that his opponent should have been defaulted for accidentally striking someone on the court. Chair umpire Carlos Bernardes argued that he was applying the ATP Tour rules by handing Brooksby the penalty for a second offence, with the world No 39 already having thrown his racket when he lost the first set, which ended up landing on the other side of the net. Brooksby went on to win the match 3-6 6-2 6-3 as the 30-year-old again asked the umpire why the American hadn't been defaulted for his outburst in the final set. While Bernardes didn't agree with Coria, masses of tennis fans and analysts on social media have argued that Brooksby did deserve a default in what is the latest in a series of lenient punishments for similar incidents. JUST IN: Cam Norrie wins battle of the Brits against Jack Draper in Miami Open  Alexander Zverev deliberately smashed an umpire's chair with his racket when he lost a doubles match in Acapulco last month and was quickly withdrawn from the singles draw, where he was the defending champion. The ATP investigated and found him guilty of a "major offence" but the world No 4 avoided a ban and instead was put on probation for a year, with an eight-week suspension only kicking in if he receives a code violation for a similar offence. Nick Kyrgios narrowly avoided hitting a ballboy in Indian Wells last week when he also threw a racket on the court in frustration after losing to Rafael Nadal. The Aussie found the ball kid in question on social media afterwards and met him the following day to apologise and give him a racket as a gift. He has since been fined £19,000 ($25,000) for his Indian Wells outbursts, with £15,000 ($20,000) of the fine on unsportsmanlike conduct for almost hitting the ball boy. DON'T MISSNadal tribute shared by Barty after retirement - 'Amazing for tennis'Andy Murray given hope of Daniil Medvedev upset by Andy RoddickAsh Barty tipped to become golf champion after quitting tennis aged 25  Many pundits have since noted that players like Brooksby would be deterred from recklessly throwing a racket if the likes of Zverev and Kyrgios had received harsher penalties. Brooksby has since followed in Kyrgios' footsteps, issuing an apology on social media after revealing he had met up with the ballboy in question. Posting a photo of the pair together on his Instagram account, the 21-year-old wrote: "I am truly sorry for my actions out there today. I will learn from this and continue to grow on and off court. Thanks to the fans for the support out there today! See you on Saturday!" The photo appears to have since been deleted from his account but screenshots are still circulating on social media. Brooksby will face 18th seed Nikoloz Basilashvili in the second round. 