 Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has been condemned by the West, with the US, EU and UK having subjected Russia to severe sanctions. Yet Putin's war continues to rage on, with at least two “powerful” explosions having struck the outskirts of Lviv earlier today. The city's governor Maksym Kozytsky said there had been two missile strikes, while other reports have claimed three loud bangs were heard, with an oil depot hit in the attack.   Last night Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky said his “heroic armed forces had dealt powerful blows to the enemy” after Putin suggested he may be scaling back his ambitions in Ukraine and focus on taking the Donbas. However, Mr Zelensky added that the situation in the besieged city of Mariupol was getting worse, with tens of thousands of civilians trapped in the southeastern city without water, food or heating. In the past month Putin has been labelled a “war criminal” by the likes of US President Joe Biden after Russian shelling targeted a school, a maternity hospital and a theatre thought to be sheltering over 1000 civilians. Meanwhile, the President’s invasion has turned Russia into a pariah state, and his nuclear posturing has placed the world on high alert. Read More: 'This is huge' Swedish Air Force jet deployed over Belarus border  Yet, despite the brutality and brashness Putin has displayed in the past month, the Russian leader once sent a “plea for caution” to the US, calling on the country not to strike Russia’s ally Syria. Putin told the US not to attack Syria, as it risked violating international law and disturbing the world order. Writing directly to the American people for the New York Times, Putin said in 2014 that it was crucial that nations must act within the parameters set by the United Nations. He wrote: “The United Nations’ founders understood that decisions affecting war and peace should happen only by consensus, and with America’s consent the veto by Security Council permanent members was enshrined in the United Nations Charter.   “The profound wisdom of this has underpinned the stability of international relations for decades. “No one wants the United Nations to suffer the fate of the League of Nations, which collapsed because it lacked real leverage. “This is possible if influential countries bypass the United Nations and take military action without Security Council authorization.” The leader then spoke about the cost of a US strike on Syria, stating that innocent victims could be killed and a new wave of terrorism could be triggered.  Don't Miss:Macron's 'reprehensible' Putin comments once infuriated NATO ally[OPINION]Vladimir Putin on brink as possibility of assassination is increasing[INSIGHT]Russia threatened 'war' against West before Ukraine invasion[ANALYSIS] Putin continued: “The potential strike by the United States against Syria, despite strong opposition from many countries and major political and religious leaders, including the Pope, will result in more innocent victims and escalation, potentially spreading the conflict far beyond Syria’s borders. “A strike would increase violence and unleash a new wave of terrorism. “It could undermine multilateral efforts to resolve the Iranian nucleur problem and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and further destabilise the Middle East and North Africa. “It could throw the entire system of international law and order out of balance.”  Of course since Putin’s invasion of Ukraine he has been condemned by leaders across the world, including the Pope, while the senseless act of aggression has destabilised the West and caused an enormous Refugee Crisis in Europe. The Russian President continued: “From the outset, Russia has advocated peaceful dialogue enabling Syrians to develop a compromise plan for their own future. “We are not protecting the Syrian government but international law. “We need to use the United Nations Security Council and believe that preserving law and order in today’s complex and turbulent world is one of the few ways to keep international relations from sliding into chaos.  “The law is still the law, and we must follow it whether we like it or not. “Under current international law, force is permitted only in self-defence or by the decision of the security council. Anything else is unacceptable indeed the United Nations Charter and would constitute an act of aggression.” The same year Putin wrote the address to the US, the Russian President violated international law by annexing the Crimean peninsula, beginning years of tension between Russia and Ukraine. 