The FIA and Formula One have now confirmed they are pushing ahead with the Saudi Arabian GP - despite clear safety concerns following a significant explosion after a missile attack in Jeddah on Friday. Yemen's Houthi rebels have reportedly claimed responsibility for the attack just nine miles from the track as officials and team bosses were called in for meetings, as thick black smoke billowed in the distance.  Yet following safety assurances from the Saudi government, F1 chiefs have now confirmed that the race will take place - something that was communicated to the drivers and their teams in the early hours of Saturday morning. A statement read: "Following the widely reported incident that took place in Jeddah on Friday, there has been extensive discussion between all stakeholders, the Saudi government authorities and security agencies who have given full and detailed assurances that the event is secure. "It has been agreed with all stakeholders to maintain a clear and open dialogue throughout the event and for the future." The grid's 20 drivers spent nearly five hours in meetings after practise and talks continued right up until around 2:30am local time in Saudi Arabia.  Some drivers are understood to have raised concerns over their safety, urging the FIA to strongly consider the prospect of postponing the race. However, following extensive consultation, the decision was made to continue following reassurances of extra security this weekend at The Jeddah Corniche Circuit. F1 drivers also released a statement via the Grand Prix Drivers' Association (GDPA), which read: "Yesterday was a difficult day for Formula One and a stressful day for us drivers. "On seeing the smoke from the incident it was difficult to remain a fully focused race driver and erase natural human concerns. "We went into long discussions between ourselves, with our team principals, and with the most senior people who run our sport. A large variety of opinions were shared and debated. "Having listened not only to the Formula 1 powers but also to the Saudi government ministers who explained how security measures were being elevated to the maximum, the outcome was a resolution that we would practise and qualify today and race tomorrow." F1 sponsor Aramco are understood to own the site subject of the attack at the North Jeddah Bulk Plant which stores diesel, gasoline and jet fuel. Reports have since claimed it's accountable for over a quarter of Saudi Arabia's fuel supplies. Mohammed Ben Sulayem, president of the FIA, has clarified that the offenders were not targeting the F1 track. "We had meetings with the high-level security then we had meetings with the team principals and the drivers," the FIA president said. "And to assure you that, they are targeting the infrastructure of the economy not the civilians and, of course, not the track." Stefano Domenicali, who briefed the media from the paddock in Jeddah, offered safety assurances following talks with the Saudi government. "We have received total assurance of the country's safety first," said Domenicali. "They have placed all the systems to protect this area. So, we feel confident that we have to trust the local authority in that respect. We will of course go ahead with the event."