And iconic music groups The Beatles and Queen completed the top 10. Several traditional British foods made their way into the top 50, with the sandwich, afternoon tea, crumpets and Marmite all ranking highly. Classic British TV shows Top Gear, Downton Abbey and Doctor Who were also popular, as were public figures such as the Royal Family, Sir Stephen Hawking and David Bowie. A host of British businesses also appeared in the list, including Marks & Spencer (M&S), Yorkshire Tea and Dyson, alongside car brands MINI, Rolls-Royce and Aston Martin. It also emerged that 82 percent of Brits, polled by Santander UK, think some of the best things in the world have originated in Britain. And over three-quarters (79 percent) would like to see more British companies becoming successful overseas, with 85 percent believing exports to be crucial to the future of the UK economy. Santander UK head of international and transactional banking, John Carroll, said: “Britain has produced a wealth of successful exports over the years – from classic foods and businesses, to TV shows and celebrities. “As well as being a source of pride, putting us on the global map, UK exports play a significant role in the day-to-day success of British companies and their contribution to the economy back home. “It’s important that we encourage and support more of our homegrown businesses to trade beyond the UK, so we can grow this already impressive list of exports and help British businesses expand and flourish.” The study also polled 1,000 UK business owners and decision makers and found nearly half (48 percent) currently trade internationally, with 86 percent of these companies reporting that overseas exports are critical to their business. To boost their chance of success overseas, UK businesses increased their social media presence (30 percent), advertised differently (29 percent), or changed their pricing structure (29 percent). Others offered more products and services (29 percent) or hired local staff (28 percent). The most common challenges they have encountered while trading internationally are extra costs (31 percent), shipping and transport costs (30 percent), and language barriers (30 percent). And nearly one in three (29 percent) have struggled to understand the rules and regulations involved. It also emerged that of those which don’t currently trade internationally, 41 percent would like to in future. However, two-thirds of those (68 percent) don’t currently have a plan in place to make this a reality. John Carroll, from Santander UK, added: “It’s clear from the research that international trade can play a crucial role in helping businesses to emerge from the pandemic and get back to growth, and with the right support and partners, these internationally trading businesses can thrive. “Later this year, we will be launching a new online platform, where we will share our years of experience and knowledge in one place to help businesses with tailored support to find their way when expanding overseas. “We’re here to help these businesses with support that goes beyond banking as they navigate the challenges.” The UK business owners and decision makers also revealed their top tips for international trade success – including ensuring there is a market for your product (30 percent) and making sure your UK business is thriving first (27 percent). Other tips include investing in market intelligence in the area you want to trade in (23 percent), having a “Plan B” (21 percent), and hiring employees who speak the language of the countries you want to trade in (20 percent). Inclusive clothing e-retailer Snag Group is a Scotland-based company that has made a real success of trading internationally – half of its sales come from overseas. With the support of Santander UK, it has acquired a new warehouse to help meet growing demand. Its founder and CEO, Brie Read, said: “My advice to UK companies considering taking their business international is that it may seem like a mammoth task, but there’s so much fantastic help available to support you. “Lots of research and an “all-hands-on deck” approach are necessary, but it’s well worth knowing that your customers are benefiting.” The study, carried out via OnePoll, also found 58 percent of business owners believe the “future is bright” for British businesses operating internationally. Of those, 45 percent think the freedom from EU regulation will improve things, while 44 percent put their optimism down to consumers wanting to support British businesses more. TOP 50 BRITISH EXPORTS: