Saudi Media Group has made an offer worth £2.7billion to buy Chelsea from outgoing owner Roman Abramovich, according to new reports. The UK government is overseeing Chelsea's prospective sale after sanctioning Abramovich and six other Russian oligarchs last week. Although the 55-year-old denies links to Russian President Vladimir Putin, his UK assets were frozen following the nation's attack on Ukraine, which is still ongoing. On Saturday, the Premier League announced they had suspended Abramovich as a club director. The Blues have been hit hard due to his sanctions and face huge uncertainty after Barclays suspended the club's bank account. Shirt sponsors Three have also suspended their deal, worth £40m per year, whilst Chelsea can't generate revenue from ticket sales or merchandise. JUST IN: Barcelona have four-man shortlist including Liverpool and Chelsea aces  But according to Ben Jacobs, the biggest media group in the Middle East is hopeful of saving Chelsea from financial armageddon. On Monday, he tweeted to confirm that Saudi Media Group has made a £2.7bn bid to take command of the west London club. He added: "Mohamed Alkhereiji is a Chelsea fan and leading a private consortium. No direct government links." Meanwhile, the Evening Standard claim Chelsea's new owner could be confirmed this week, with suitors warned of a potentially rapid sale process. READ MORE: Man Utd have a hook that could tempt Tuchel into leaving Chelsea  Alkhereiji, Saudi Media Group's owner, is spearheading the interest. His status as a huge Chelsea fan is thought to be the driving force behind his desire to take over the club. Saudi Media Group reportedly generates £770m per year, and the Alkhereiji-led bid is likely backed by other backers from Saudi Arabia. A significant chunk of his takeover plans includes investing in a redevelopment of Stamford Bridge and Cobham Training Centre. But the £1.5bn project to revamp Stamford Bridge is the big selling point, and Alkhereiji has history upgrading stadiums in the past. He was the man behind Al Nassr's state-of-the-art Mrsool Park stadium, built from 2011 to 2015. And his plan for Chelsea's 40,000-capacity home ground could be crucial in the takeover bid. US merchant bank Raine Group has extended the initial deadline for official offers to Friday. Chelsea still don't have permission to undergo a sale whilst under sanctions, but the UK government will allow it to go through as long as Abramovich doesn't receive a single penny. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.