Drivers who decide to grab some sleep after a night out drinking risk an eye-watering fine due to a little known rule. Sleeping in the car while drunk falls under the Road Traffic Act 1988 and could lead to prosecution and even prison time. Aside from the £2,500 fine, anyone found asleep behind the wheel while intoxicated could also face 10 penalty points on their licence, Mylondon reported. Also part of the Highway Code, the law states that despite being asleep when in the car, the person could still be given a penalty for being ‘in control’ of a vehicle when above the limit. The rule says a motorist can be found guilty of the offence if they are "in charge of a motor vehicle on a road or other public place after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion of it in his breath, blood or urine exceeds the prescribed limit". It is designed to ensure that anyone in that state doesn’t wake up and try to drive away. READ MORE: Drivers to be fined £200 just for touching a mobile phone Drink-driving rules carry some of the most severe penalties for UK roads and a campaign has been launched ahead of the summer. It was made by THINK! and actively discourages the main group of drunk drivers, young men. According to the campaign, male drivers aged 17-24 are over-represented in drink drive related accidents. They’re also less likely than the wider population to perceive drink driving behaviour as risky or unacceptable. DON'T MISSThirty year-old cars pulled from bottom of Scottish reservoir [SHOCKING]Major UK city to ban petrol and diesel cars [WARNING]Parking law changes will 'protect car park users' with reduced fines [INSIGHT] The campaign features “Pint Block” films encouraging young men to intervene to stop a friend drinking before they drive. The films show friends using inventive and surreal ways to step in, with the message that a 'mate doesn’t let a mate drink drive'. Liz Brooker MBE, Chair of Road Safety Great Britain, said: “Road Safety Great Britain fully supports the THINK! Pint Block campaign. Someone who gets in their car after drinking is a risk to themselves, and all others on the road, including their friends. “This campaign highlights the role everyone has to play in reducing the number of people who drive, using the power of friendship to encourage safer driving and the need to protect those we care about.” Driving while drunk carries punishments including six months in prison, unlimited fines and a driving ban of at least a year. Anyone convicted twice in ten years faces a three year driving ban. On average, a man who has drunk two pints of average strength lager will be over the limit in the UK. Just two small glasses of wine will also put a driver over the limit. Almost 250 people a year are killed on UK roads in accidents where one driver was over the limit for alcohol. Last year was the first time the number increased for ten years. RAC head of policy Nicholas Lyes said: “These figures still represent a rather chilling reminder that in the region of 250 people are killed by drink-drivers on Great Britain’s roads every year, a figure that’s barely fallen since 2010. “Clearly, much more needs to be done, and one area we’d like to see progress in is around cutting reoffending.”