Manchester United are reportedly monitoring Lyon striker Moussa Dembele. The Red Devils are virtually certain to pursue at least one first-team quality striker during the summer window, with the threat of a mass exodus hanging over Old Trafford. Cristiano Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani could both jump ship in the summer, with the former insistent on a top-four finish and the latter soon to be out of contract. Marcus Rashford is reportedly considering his future but even if he decided to stay put, last weekend's Manchester derby made it clear that interim boss Ralf Rangnick is not his biggest fan. Rather than opt for the 24-year-old up top, Bruno Fernandes was instead fielded out of position as Manchester City romped to a 4-1 triumph. Rangnick recently claimed that United's prospective striker pursuit is 'obvious' given the make-up of their squad. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel breaks silence on ownership chaos after Abramovich sanctions One rogue option could be Dembele, who has been with Lyon since 2018. Journalist and Man Utd insider Jonathan Shrager claims that the Red Devils made informal enquiries about the Frenchman's contract situation and intentions after a recent scouting mission. Indeed, a scout was present during Wednesday night's Europa League clash between Lyon and Porto. And they got their money's worth, as Dembele set up Lucas Paqueta for the game's only goal, ensuring the French side take a one-goal lead back to their home turf.   Dembele has followed an unorthodox career path, leaving PSG's youth set-up to join Fulham where he broke through in the Championship. Two prolific years followed with Celtic, including a 32-goal season in 2017/18. His subsequent switch to Lyon started with two goal-laden campaigns, but his form fell off a cliff last season as he spent a tough goalless spell on loan with Atletico Madrid. Dembele has notched nine goals in total this term but Lyon's disappointing Ligue 1 form has seen them struggle to find the net in general. While United's attacking contingent has been crowded in recent years, Dembele could be given the space to thrive if the summer shapes up as expected. Cavani and Ronaldo could be joined out of the door by Jesse Lingard, who was reportedly keen on a January exit, while Anthony Martial is also believed to be keen on a permanent exit after his loan stint with Sevilla concludes. Dembele's contract runs until 2023, meaning United could manufacture a cut-price deal with fees quoted as low as £25million. 