In a phone call with the American president Mr Erdogan said it was “important” for Turkey to “maintain dialogue with both Ukraine and Russia to prevent their conflict from worsening”, according to Reuters. Turkey has a good relationship with both countries, which it sees as crucial in trying to resolve the conflict. Turkey is a NATO member and borders the Black Sea alongside Russia and Ukraine. It has held more of a neutral role in the conflict than other NATO states - it has condemned the invasion of Ukraine but is not in favour of sanctions against Moscow. Talks between the Russian and Ukrainian Foreign Ministers have taken place in Turkey with Ankara’s support. However the meeting between Sergei Lavrov and Dmytro Kuleba has failed to reach an agreement regarding a ceasefire or a humanitarian corridor out of the southern Ukrainian city of Mariupol.  While Erdogan described the meeting as a “diplomatic victory”, the Ukrainian Kuleba and Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu both said it was “not an easy meeting”. The city of Mariupol has been under a brutal siege, with conditions there described as “dire and desperate”, according to the Guardian. President Zelensky has accused Vladimir Putin of committing genocide after Russian forces attacked a children’s and maternity hospital in the city.  READ MORE: Russia accuses mum-to-be of faking horrific hospital bombing pics European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said the bombing could be a war crime, while the White House condemned the “barbaric” attack. Moscow have denied they bombed the hospital and claimed it was a “staged provocation” by Ukraine. The International Red Cross said citizens in Mariupol have no access to food, water, electricity and heat.  DON'T MISS:EU leaders reject Ukraine’s membership plea [INSIGHT] BBC Newsnight: Tory MP fears West will 'play into Putin's hands' wi [ANALYSIS] Liz Truss says West 'knew what Putin was doing' [LATEST] The World Health Organisation has confirmed 18 attacks on medical facilities since Russia first began its invasion. Zelensky said in a video message to Russian leaders: “You will definitely be prosecuted for war crimes. “And then, it will definitely happen, you will be hated by Russian citizens. “Everyone whom you have been deceiving constantly, daily, for many years in a row, when they feel the consequences of your lies in their wallets, in their shrinking possibilities, in the stolen future of Russian children.” 