Presenter Reeta Chakrabarti opened Monday's BBC News at Six in complete darkness as she presented the latest news headlines from Lviv in Ukraine. Reeta began the segment by explaining to viewers that the reason she was talking to them in pitch black was because sirens were going off nearby. "Today at six, Russia continues its bombardment of Ukraine's major cities," the host began. "The sirens have just gone off here which is why we are having to broadcast in the dark." "The two sides are still holding after another round of talks." As a clip played of a bomb going off in Ukraine, Reeta continued: "The assault closes in on the capital Kyiv with other areas also coming under Russia attack." READ MORE: BBC's Charlie Stayt apologises as host forced to pull interview The presenter added: "At least one person died and others were taken to hospital after this apartment block was struck." "This is a nightmare for the city," Jeremy Bowen said from the scenes in Kyiv. "More attacks like this, and of course, they're vulnerable to missile strikes. "Kyiv is big and it's sprawling and the defenders have many advantages which they're using." "Scenes of devastation in the city of Mariupol," Reeta went on to explain. "Food, water and heating are said to have become increasingly scarce. "And a pregnant woman wounded in the Russian bombing of a maternity hospital there is reported to have died along with her baby." An hour before the broadcast, Reeta shared a harrowing post to Twitter about the latest death toll figures in Ukraine. In view of her 20,000 followers, the BBC host penned: "Civilian casualty figures from the war in Ukraine released by the UN record 1,761 deaths and injuries, including 46 children dying and 62 injured." DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods delayed: CBS drama won’t air until next month [INSIGHT]Linda Robson brands Loose Women co-star 'miserable cow' [VIDEO]Emmerdale twist as Rhona Goskirk’s secret exposed by Mary? [SPOILERS] The post concluded: "These are recorded deaths and the actual toll is likely to be much higher #Ukraine." She previously shared a photo of a mother and son, whose husband and father stayed in Kyiv to fight the Russian army. Recalling what mother Tetiana's husband said, Reeta shared: "‘Save our younger son’ - the words of Tetiana’s husband about their 15-year-old son David. "We met them both here in Lviv, as her husband and older son stayed behind to fight in Kyiv. Their story - like that of 10s of 1000s of separated families is on #bbcnewsten #ukraine." (sic) President Vladimir Putin declared war on Ukraine on February 24. As reported on Sunday, March 13, President Volodymyr Zelensky has said about 1,300 Ukrainian soldiers have died since the fighting began. At the beginning of March, Russia reported there were 487 deaths and 1,597 injuries. Ukraine has claimed 12,000 Russian troops have been killed since the invasion began. BBC News at Six airs weekdays at 6pm on BBC One.