When Meghan Markle moved to London to be closer to Prince Harry, the Duchess of Sussex’s former Canadian home went up for sale. This allowed royal fans to get a closer look at the real estate she used to live in. Situated on Yarmouth Road in the neighbourhood of Seaton Village, the three-bedroom, two-bathroom property was Meghan’s home for a number of years.  This was when she lived in the Canadian city of Toronto whilst filming Suits. Owned by Canadian fashion stylist Elizabeth Cabral, the studio rented the home on behalf of the LA native. Sharing the home with her two dogs, on her former Instagram account royal fans could see photos of how she styled her former abode. The home is also where Harry used to stay when visiting Meghan at the beginning of their relationship.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry issue harrowing statement on Ukraine grief It has been reported the royal would make secret visits to Meghan’s Toronto home up to twice a month when she had filming commitments in the city. When Meghan put the home up for sale, it was on the market for $1,395,000 which works out at around £1,061,867 when it was listed. The tastefully decorated open-plan house, which is described by the estate agents as ‘luxe’, boasts a cinema room, a high-spec kitchen-diner and a garden.  Much like the rest of her home, Meghan's bedroom was decorated in white, with classic all-white bedding and a large birdcage style mirror on the wall. In Meghan's room, there was a wooden dresser which she topped with a vase of flowers, Dipytique candles and two more fashion tomes. All of Meghan's cabinets and shelving units were perfectly styled, each with vases of flowers, candles and books. Meghan had an entire shelving unit dedicated to displaying her impressive footwear collection, which included heels from Christian Louboutin and Miu Miu, plus the designer Sarah Flint.  The guestroom was also decorated in neutral tones, with white bedding and a cosy throw. A figure study watercolour painting by New York-based artist and illustrator Inslee Fariss, estimated to cost £520, hung above the bed in this room. Meghan's house had a small back garden which had also been decorated with monochrome furniture. This featured a black and white stripe cushioned metal love seat where the actress, or her dogs, could spend time outdoors relaxing. The garden also had a central wooden decking area complete with a seating area and BBQ.  The entrance of Meghan’s former home led straight into her living and dining room, which had wooden flooring throughout and a red striped rug in front of a white-painted staircase. The living room had a cosy feeling, with a cream corner sofa offering the perfect bed for Meghan's dogs and also helped to separate the living area from the dining area. Meghan added throws and cushions to the sofa, while bunches of flowers and plants were scattered around the room to add some colour to the neutral décor. The actress decorated the living room with comfy cushions, a grey striped throw and a snuggly looking faux fur footstool, with a number of different prints and pieces of art on the walls. 