The Duke and Duchess of Sussex dramatically left the Firm two years ago. Their exit and subsequent allegations shook the Royal Family. While Harry has returned to the UK twice, Meghan has been on British soil since their move to North America. The couple and their two children, Archie and Lilibet, now reside in Montecito, California. Lilibet is yet to meet her great-grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II. Harry and Meghan’s romance started after they were set up on a blind date in 2016. Just over a year later, they announced their engagement. The Duchess made history as the first royal fiancée to spend Christmas with the Queen. Soon after the celebrations, Harry spoke to Radio 4 about how well the holiday had gone. JUST IN: Prince Harry 'won't return to UK for Prince Philip's memorial' as security row continues However, royal journalist and broadcaster, Jennie Bond, claims one of the Duke’s comments went down “like a lead balloon'' with the Markle family. Speaking on the 2022 Channel 5 documentary, ‘Harry and Meghan Vs The Monarchy’, Ms Bond said: “Harry was guest editing the today programme on Radio 4 shortly afterwards and he said he’d had a lot of fun at Christmas. “And then he made a rather unfortunate remark, he said: ‘I suppose it’s the family she never had’, meaning Meghan. “Well, that went down like a lead balloon with the Markle family, obviously. And it’s a remark they’ve never forgotten.” Meghan’s relationship with the Markle side of the family has been tense since the 2018 Royal Wedding. Her father, Thomas Markle Sr, did not attend, having suffered a heart attack just days before the big day, while her half siblings, Samantha Markle and Thomas Markle Jr, claimed they were not invited. Last week, it emerged that Samantha is attempting to sue the Duchess for defamation. She has accused Meghan of lying in the now famous Oprah Winfrey interview. Meghan's attorney Michael Kump called the lawsuit "absurd". It is understood that Meghan has not spoken to her father since the wedding. Thomas was interviewed on Good Morning Britain at the end of October last year. DON’T MISS'Royal-trashing whine-a-thon' Piers Morgan reiterates Meghan Markle rant a year to the day [LATEST]Prince Harry warned over Platinum Jubilee celebration decision with Queen: ‘May regret it’ [INSIGHT]Meghan & Harry’s subtle ‘physical clues’ to 'show fans their marriage is strong' unveiled [ANALYSIS] He claimed that he was being “ghosted” by Meghan and he vowed to continue speaking out about his estranged daughter until she begins speaking to him again. He said: "I will do a show for at least a month if I can get it through and eventually, sooner or later, she should start talking to me ‒ this is way too childish. This is kind of silly. It’s time to talk with each other. We’re family." Thomas also claimed that Harry had abandoned his family. He said: “I think Harry has abandoned the Queen, the Royal Family, the British people and the Army. He’s abandoned them all.” Later this month, the Queen will be joined by other members of the Royal Family to celebrate the life of Prince Philip at a service at Westminster Abbey. The congregation will be made up of family, friends, dignitaries and representatives of the charities and organisations which the Duke of Edinburgh was associated with. Yesterday, it was reported that Harry won't be returning for Philip's memorial service. This year also marks the Queen’s 70th year on the throne — the first Platinum Jubilee of any British monarch. The momentous occasion will be celebrated throughout the year with various events and activities, including a four-day bank holiday in June. The Sussexes have made no clear indication of whether they’ll return to mark the Queen's Jubilee.