The news of Sharon Osbourne's appointment comes days after former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan announced he'd be joining the channel with a program called Uncensored. A friend of the broadcaster, Sharon will be working with him on the upcoming Rupert Murdoch project where she will host a show called The Talk. The 69-year-old controversially left her US panel show The Talk last year after getting into a heated exchange with her former colleague, Sheryl Underwood. It came as the pair were discussing Piers Morgan's Good Morning Britain comments about Meghan Markle which ultimately led to his departure from the show after a refusal to apologise. Following the discussion, it was decided Sharon wouldn't return to the daytime programme. READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' The former X Factor judge has been presenting television shows for decades, and her TalkTV segment will air during a prime spot. Each weeknight, she will chat with a celebrity known for their strong opinions to debate current topics. These will range from politics to crime to TV and more. Elsewhere, her pal Piers sensationally quit Good Morning Britain last March after a row broke out over comments he had made about Meghan Markle following her and Prince Harry's televised chat with Oprah Winfrey. A year later, the 56-year-old announced he'd be joining TalkTV with a new show, Uncensored. According to News UK Broadcasting, Piers Morgan: Uncensored will be a "fearless forum for lively, intelligent debate and agenda-setting interviews; celebrating free speech and the right for people to share their views". Piers' show will be an hour-long daily show which will air weeknights on TalkTV in the UK. DON'T MISS... Our Friends in the North returns with radio revival [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow shuts down expert over Roman knife handle [VIDEO]Killing Eve's Jodie Comer signs up for first new role after BBC drama [LATEST] The channel is set to launch soon, with everyone in the UK being able to access it. Globally, Uncensored is going to be available to stream on FOX Nation in America and via Sky News Australia Down Under. Sharon stated she is preparing for "exciting and lively conversations" on her new show. Speaking to the Sun, she explained: "I’m excited to be working with News UK, the panel and my good friend Piers. "Watch this space for some exciting and lively debates from us all.” The presenting role will be her first since leaving CBS' The Talk in the USA, with Piers having defended his close friend at the time of her removal. He said on his Instagram account last year: "What’s happened to @sharonosbourne is an absolute disgrace that shames CBS. "Bullied out of her job for defending me against an invented slur of racism because I don’t believe a liar." Piers Morgan: Uncensored and The Talk will air later this spring on TalkTV.