Christian Horner claimed Lewis Hamilton would have been 'mortified' after his qualifying nightmare in Monaco last season, whilst Toto Wolff admitted his performance was a 'disaster'. The popular Netflix series Drive to Survive returns on Friday, and, as usual, it has provided never-seen-before footage from the latest F1 campaign. One of the episodes features Red Bull's joy and Mercedes' misery on Monaco Grand Prix weekend. Hamilton endured his worst qualifying session since the 2018 German Grand Prix and qualified outside the top two for the first time in the 2021 season. He produced the seventh fastest lap before Charles Leclerc, on provisional pole, crashed at Swimming Pool, prompting a red flag. It meant the 37-year-old was to start Sunday's race seventh on the grid whilst title rival Max Verstappen was primed for a podium spot. JUST IN: Hamilton leads Verstappen as Russell 10th in Instagram payment table Drive to Survive showcased behind-the-scenes footage from the weekend in Monaco, including the aftermath of Hamilton's disastrous qualifying result. Hamilton described his car as 'horrible to drive' after Mercedes struggled to match Ferrari and Red Bull's pace. He told Netflix: "We had a bad day. The car was horrible to drive, and we knew we were in trouble. This weekend I've got to work harder." Hamilton's Mercedes teammate, Valtteri Bottas, was third fastest in qualifying, but the Brit lapped three-quarters of a second off provisional pole-sitter Charles Leclerc. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton explains three parts he had his eye on in spy mission Verstappen was second-fastest behind hometown hero Leclerc, and after qualifying, Red Bull team principal Christian Horner had his say. A Sky Sports F1 reporter told Horner that 'Lewis was all over the place' in Monaco as they awaited their post-qualifying interview. And he snidely responded: "We are disappointed with second. He must be f*****g mortified with seventh." Mercedes boss Toto Wolff was indeed mortified by the qualifying performance, labelling Hamilton's position on the grid a 'disaster'. "I think we know very well why we underperformed. Our car doesn't like twisty, slow corners at all. Lewis qualifying seventh was a disaster," Wolff lamented to Netflix. Red Bull may have been disappointed by finishing second in qualifying, but they were jubilant by the end of the race weekend. After Leclerc's late crash in qualifying, a cracked left-rear driveshaft hub on his car meant he couldn't start the race. It helped Verstappen start on pole and cross the line first, whilst Hamilton struggled to overtake on the winding track and remained seventh.