They also found early management of rheumatoid arthritis can help alleviate symptoms of frailty. Clinical Research Fellow Dr Peter Hanlon said: “It’s incredibly encouraging to see from our study that frailty can be reduced in people with rheumatoid arthritis, particularly in younger patients. “We know that frailty can be reduced, but it can be challenging to identify people for whom this is possible." “Our findings indicate that some people with frailty and active rheumatoid arthritis have the potential to improve their frailty status with treatment of their rheumatoid arthritis” continued the doctor. READ MORE: Vitamin B12 deficiency symptoms - 3 unusual signs your diet lacks B12 Symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis include those which affect the joints and other parts of the body. This form of arthritis said the NHS: “Can cause problems in any joint in the body, although the small joints in the hand and feet are often the first to be affected. “[RA] typically affects the joints symmetrically (both sides of the body at the same time and to the same extent), but this is not always the case." Symptoms of the condition include joint pain and stiffness.  Furthermore, the lining of the joints may also become inflamed and cause the joints to swell as well as increase in temperature. Rheumatoid arthritis can also cause non-joint related symptoms such as:• Tiredness• A high temperature• Sweating• Poor appetite• Weight loss. If the arthritis has spread, it can affect the eyes and chest. It can cause the eyes to become dry and chest pain if the lungs or heart have been affected. Other complications that can occur include:• Carpal tunnel syndrome• Widespread inflammation• Joint damage• Cardiovascular disease• Cervical myelopathy. There is no cure for rheumatoid arthritis. Treatments have been found which can treat the condition such as disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs, biological treatments, JAK inhibitors, medicine to relieve pain, and steroids. Supportive treatments such as physiotherapy and occupational therapy may be employed too. For more information about arthritis contact the NHS or consult with your GP.