Manchester United hero Dimitar Berbatov claims that his former club should take note of Mikel Arteta's impact at Arsenal when recruiting their new manager. Mauricio Pochettino, who has been linked with the Old Trafford hotseat, saw his stocks plummet on Wednesday evening when PSG capitulated against Real Madrid to crash out of the Champions League. Pochettino is not the only one down in the dumps, as United interim boss Ralf Rangnick oversaw a dismal derby defeat last time out against Manchester City. The 4-1 humbling reinforced the notion that a rebuild is in store for the summer, with Pochettino and Ajax boss Erik ten Hag seen as the two front-runners to take over. The former let a two-goal aggregate lead slip at the Bernabeu on Wednesday, which saw Madrid advance to the Champions League quarter-finals despite Kylian Mbappe's best efforts. PSG sporting director Leonardo insisted that Pochettino will not necessarily be axed for another disappointing European campaign but some United fans have cooled their interest in seeing the Argentine take charge. JUST IN: Chelsea sponsorship suspended as club schedule government talks amid financial ruin fears Berbatov, speaking to Betfair as per Manchester Evening News, warned the Red Devils about their manager hunt and urged them to take inspiration from his old foes in north London. "France is a different league," he claimed, "I've played there. "PSG is above everybody, but it didn't work out again. "You can judge Pochettino on that, but you never know if he is going to be the right manager for Man Utd. Maybe he will be right, maybe he won't. But they need to broaden their eyesight and calculate who that manager will be. READ MORE: PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi 'screamed in dressing room' after Real Madrid defeat "If I was there, I woudn't sleep until next season. I'd start interviewing, looking for managers who were going to fit the United philosophy. "That is going to be very difficult. I hope they are not stuck with just one name, who is in the media all the time and concentrating on him. "Arsenal are playing very good football under Arteta. They have the ideology of how they want to play, 'pass, pass, pass'. They are City in disguise. "Since Arteta has been there, it has been 'this is how we are going to play'. They stick to the plan, they find the right players for that club, and it is easier to produce on the pitch.  "United and Tottenham, it isn't working like that." Arteta has hung by a thread on many occasions since he took charge of the Gunners but the club saw a long-term vision that appears to be paying dividends as they close in on a top-four finish. It remains to be seen whether the Red Devils will take a similar project-based approach to hiring their new boss, and whether PSG's capitulation has soured prospects of Pochettino's arrival. United face a crunch clash at home to Spurs on Saturday afternoon as they both attempt to revive their stuttering bids to qualify for next season's Champions League. 