Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has every right to be upset at the yellow card Granit Xhaka received during Saturday's 1-0 win at Aston Villa. Arteta has criticised referees and the PGMOL at different stages this season. Arsenal have received three red cards in the Premier League this term. They have collected more than any other team since Arteta became the club's manager in December 2019. Xhaka has received two reds this season, one of which came in the Carabao Cup semi-final against Liverpool. He was not sent off at Villa Park on Saturday but there was a decision that has left many Arsenal fans scratching their heads. In the first minute of first-half stoppage time, Xhaka was given a yellow by referee Andy Madley for a foul on Villa star Emi Buendia. On the face of it, the yellow seemed to be harsh. READ MORE: Man Utd looking set for Erik ten Hag appointment after new developments  Madley, however, made it clear that he had shown the yellow due to an accumulation of fouls. Madley pointed to three separate areas of the pitch, as if Xhaka had made three fouls. The midfielder could be seen saying to Madley: "Where's three times?" Xhaka was right to question the referee as it was in fact his first foul of the match. Xhaka was officially booked for 'persistent fouling' despite not committing an offence before the yellow. Former Premier League referee Dermot Gallagher appeared on Sky Sports News on Monday to discuss why Xhaka was booked. DON'T MISSBarcelona make decision on two signings after Aubameyang blitzes Real Madrid [GOSSIP]Tottenham boss Conte names wonderkid with 'brilliant future' after West Ham win [QUOTES]Man Utd boss Rangnick told of Paul Pogba replacement who could save millions [QUOTES]  However, Gallagher was not made aware that it was Xhaka's first offence. He therefore backed Madley's decision, saying: "If you look at the referee the referee actually signals that it's for an accumulation of offences. "If you look at the referee now, it tells you it wasn't just for that, it was one that had been coming. So I think that's why he gets it, it's not that he's picked on as you put it." Arteta did not speak about the incident after the match and the international break means it will likely be brushed under the carpet. Arteta previously complained about the decision to send Gabriel Martinelli off against Wolves in February. The Spaniard said he wanted to speak to the PGMOL after Martinelli received his second yellow at the same time of his first.  Arteta said: "To be fair, it’s the first time I’ve seen a red card like this in 18 years that I’ve been in this league. I think you have to be pretty willing to give a red card in that situation. "But still it happened. If you ask me if I’m happy with the decisions we’ve had this season, I’m not at all. "But that’s a conversation I will have privately with the officials. We need explanations, we need explanations with what happened in VAR and I need explanations with what happened today."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here