Dan Walker, 44, has penned an emotional tribute to Shane Warne after the cricketer’s death was confirmed on Friday. The Australian legend died of a suspected heart attack at the age of 52. Heartbroken Dan wrote on Twitter: “Genuinely can’t believe the sad news about the death of Shane Warne. “He came on BBC Breakfast just a couple of weeks ago and was as effervescent as ever.  “What a talent he was.  “He had a huge impact on cricket and will be sorely missed by so many.”The BBC Breakfast host followed up with a clip of Shane's appearance on the show back in January. READ MORE:Piers Morgan left ‘utterly devastated’ over the death of Shane Warne During his interview, Shane “reflected on the highs and lows of his career”.He said: “Being in the public eye and having everything that you do in the front pages, you know, you make a mistake, and everybody knows about it. It’s not easy.“Sometimes people forget that sportsmen, TV people, and everyone else, we are all human, we all have feelings, we all make mistakes. It doesn’t mean we are bad people, it just means we are just trying to learn.“The mistakes are where you learn the most about yourself, and I have had some pretty tough times that I have to live with for the rest of my life.” Many heartbroken fans replied to Dan’s tweet and paid their own tributes to Shane.Legendary England player Sir Geoff Hurst wrote: “Shocked to hear the sad news of the death of Shane Warne. One of the true greats in his chosen sport. Too young to go.”BBC Breakfast’s sports presenter Mike Bushell said: “Really stunned by the passing of cricket great Shane Warne. Filmed with him many times during his days playing for Hampshire. What a game changer he was. As Dan says, as full of beans as ever just a couple of weeks ago on BBC Breakfast and only 52.”And journalist Victoria Arbiter added: “Beautifully put and a welcome reminder, 'we're all human'. Wishing Shane Warne's family, friends and loved ones so much peace and comfort as they try to come to terms with his shattering loss. Life is precious and all too short.” DON'T MISSShane Warne Liz Hurley romance: Inside late cricketer's relationship[LATEST]Shane Warne 'missed the love' with Liz Hurley on 'happiest' days[INSIGHT]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak[NEWS] Shane’s death was confirmed by his management in a brief statement.It read: “It is with great sadness that we advise that Shane Keith Warne passed away of a suspected heart attack in Koh Samui, Thailand today, Friday March 4.“Shane was found unresponsive in his villa and despite the best efforts of medical staff, he could not be revived.  Shane is widely considered one of the best cricketers in history. He took over 708 test wickets, which was the record taken by any bowler until 2007.Shane had three children with ex-wife Simone Callahan, who he was married to from 1995 until 2005.Following their divorce, Shane dated Elizabeth Hurley and they became engaged in 2011.They then called time on their relationship in 2013.