The Queen and Prince Charles honoured the memory of the beloved Queen Mother on the 20th anniversary of her death. The Royal Family Twitter account, which represents the sovereign and all the royals who don't have their own social media handle, published a thread remembering some of the key moments in the life of the Queen Mother, who died aged 101. The first tweet read: "Today marks 20 years since the death of Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother. "Her Majesty inspired great affection from the public which her daughter The Queen spoke of as, 'the special place she occupied in the hearts of so many'." This quote was taken from the message released by the Queen on April 8 2002, in which the sovereign thanked the country and the Commonwealth for the outpouring of love and support shown in the wake of her mother's death. She said: "Over the years I have met many people who have had to cope with family loss, sometimes in the most tragic of circumstances. "So I count myself fortunate that my mother was blessed with a long and happy life. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here "She had an infectious zest for living, and this remained with her until the very end. "I know too that her faith was always a great strength to her." The Twitter thread, which also included stunning pictures of the late royal taken during crucial moments of her life, recalled the royal was born as Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon on August 4 1900. She joined the Royal Family by marriage in 1923, when she tied the knot with the future King George VI. However, at the time he was not in the direct line to the throne - which is why the Queen was born in 1926 as the daughter of the Duke and Duchess of York. READ MORE: Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew A decade later, following the groundbreaking abdication of King Edward VIII, the Yorks became the new King and Queen Consort. The Queen Mother further strengthened the love of the whole of Britain during the second global conflict, when she famously refused to leave London, saying: "I won't leave the King. And the King will never leave". Together, the royal couple visited the areas hardest hit by German bombs during the Blitz. The royal consort became Queen Mother in February 1952, following the untimely death of the sovereign and the accession to the throne of Queen Elizabeth II. Throughout the next five decades, as noted by the royals' Twitter account, the Queen Mother "supported her daughter’s work in addition to her own public duties" and she is known to have been one of the closest and most trusted advisors of the sovereign alongside Prince Philip. Throughout her life, the Queen Mother was patron or president of approximately 350 organisations. Dedicating her life to duty, she completed more than 40 overseas tours and hundreds of royal engagements. She continued to complete royal engagements until her very last few days, as on March 5 2002 she was present at the luncheon of the annual lawn party of the Eton Beagles. The Queen Mother was very close not just to her eldest daughter but also to her first grandson Prince Charles. To mark today's painful anniversary, the Twitter account of the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall wrote: "Today we remember Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother, The Prince of Wales’s beloved Grandmother. "The Prince previously commissioned a special piano concerto in her memory, which in this recording is performed by @lang_lang with the @LCOorchestra". As the Queen and Prince Philip undertook a lengthy tour of the Commonwealth, young Prince Charles remained in the care of his grandmother, marking the start of a close bond. Prince Charles laid bare his affection for the Queen Mother following her death in 2002, when he penned a heartfelt tribute in her memory. He wrote: "I know too what she meant to my whole family, particularly the Queen, to whom she was such a stalwart and sensitive support when my grandfather died, when he was only two-and-a-half years older than I am now. "For me, she meant everything and I had dreaded, dreaded this moment along with, I know, countless others. "Somehow, I never thought it would come. "She seemed gloriously unstoppable and, since I was a child, I adored her. "Her houses were always filled with an atmosphere of fun, laughter and affection, and I learnt so much from her of immense value to my life." Most movingly, the Prince of Wales added: "She was quite simply the most magical grandmother you could possibly have, and I was utterly devoted to her."