Many are used to seeing This Morning's Phillip Schofield, 59, dressed smart in shirts for television. However, Phillip took to Instagram yesterday to show off his biceps, surprising many This Morning viewers. Phillip took to Instagram to show off his huge biceps in view of his three million followers. He captioned the Instagram story: "ARMS DAY! "Aww the hazelnut is trying to become a Brazil nut... one day a pecan." It comes after the long-running presenter celebrated four decades on television last month. READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him ITV didn't hold back with celebrations with Holly Willoughby and Lorraine Kelly being among those sharing congratulatory messages. Surprisingly, former This Morning presenter Fern Britton left a pre-recorded message for the presenter. Fern appeared on Lorraine in a prerecorded clip to congratulate Phillip on his "incredible milestone". She said: "Forty years is an incredible milestone and it's time for you to stop and look back and see all that you have achieved and be proud of it. "So I'm wishing you a very happy future. Congratulations and keep going." As Fern spoke she had a large smile on her face, to the surprise of many viewers. This comes after Fern handed in her notice from This Morning in 2009, half way through her £1.5 million two-year contract. Asked by Heat in 2013 if he still kept in contact with Fern, Phillip replied: "No, not really. DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart [COMMENT] Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [INSTAGRAM] Sean Penn shares heartbreak as he walks to Polish border amid invasion [INSIGHT] "We were involved in the show and mates at the time, but we weren't really. I see Phil [Fern's then-husband, chef Phil Vickery] when he's in This Morning... But we're not in touch now." Around the same time, Fern told the MailOnline: "I always say Phillip and I had an indefinable chemistry which seemed to work well on-screen. "But, like Morecambe and Wise, we chose not to live in each other’s pockets. "We were a great professional partnership but we never went on holiday together." Phillip began his career on the BBC as the host of its children's counterpart, introducing programmes alongside Gordon the Gopher. He landed his first ITV series Talking Telephone Numbers in 1994, and made his first appearance on This Morning in 2002 alongside Fern. When Fern left the show in 2009 she was replaced by Holly, and their partnership has gone down in TV history. Phillip also co-hosts Dancing On Ice with Holly, and presents the game show The Cube and the annual British Soap Awards.