With most UK Internet Service Providers (ISPs) charging over £25 per month for basic broadband speeds, accessing the web can get pretty expensive. Luckily there is a way to reduce those monthly outgoings with Vodafone currently offering its entry-level broadband for just £18 per month. That's around £10 cheaper than both BT and Sky and is one of the lowest prices we've ever seen. This Superfast 1 deal includes basic 38Mbps speeds which are fine for whizzing around the web, checking emails and watching the odd boxset on Netflix. If that doesn't sound quick enough then there's also Vodafone's Superfast 2 service which costs just £1 more per month. This £19 deal offers 70Mbps downloads which allow you to whizz a full HD movie to your TV in around 10 minutes. Still want something faster? Luckily the deals don't stop there with Vodafone also slashing prices for those who have Fibre to the Premises FTTP in their street. READ MORE: Broadband warning: Russian virus wants to infect your home Wi-Fi network Vodafone has its Superfast 100 with speeds of 100Mbps for just £22 per month or there's 200Mbps or 500Mbps for £32 per month. Both of these offers include Vodafone's Pro option which features a new router with 4G back up. That means if the internet should go down in your street, the mobile signal will automatically keep you connected until things get back up and running again. You can read our full Vodafone Pro review here. If any of these offers look enticing then there's not long left to take advantage with Vodafone confirming that things will end on Thursday March 31. Here are all the deals from Vodafone and what's included SUPERFAST 1 - £18 per month - SEE THE DEAL HEREINCLUDES: 36Mbps downloads • Speed guarantee • Intelligent WiFi Hub • No setup fee SUPERFAST 2 - £19 per month - SEE THE DEAL HEREINCLUDES: 72Mbps downloads • Speed guarantee • Intelligent WiFi Hub • No setup fee SUPERFAST 100 - £22 per month - SEE THE DEAL HEREINCLUDES: 100Mbps downloads • Speed guarantee • Intelligent WiFi Hub • No setup fee PRO 200 - £32per month - SEE THE DEAL HEREINCLUDES: 200Mbps downloads • Speed guarantee • Pro router with 4G backup • No setup fee PRO 500 - £32per month - SEE THE DEAL HEREINCLUDES: 200Mbps downloads • Speed guarantee • Pro router with 4G backup • No setup fee