William and his youngest son were seen in Kensington Gardens in London on Friday, the day before the Cambridges embark on a Royal tour, according to Instagram users who posted pictures and footage online. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will travel to the Caribbean, touring Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas from March 19 to 26 to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Royal fans went into a frenzy after one photo of William and Louis was posted on social media. An Instagram user commented: "Awww that's so cute." A second said: "Wow, so adorable." Another wrote: "Wow how amazing, lovely moment captured. So nice they had some time together before the tour, especially without security surrounding them." A fourth declared: "I love how normal the Cambridges are... just living their lives, no fuss at all." The Duke and Louis' outing on Friday provided a rare glimpse of the family's new pup believed to have joined the Cambridges' household prior to the death of their beloved dog Lupo. Lupo featured in many family snaps, keeping Kate and William company since 2012. Sharing a picture of the pooch on Instagram, Kate and William said at the time he died: "Very sadly last weekend our dear dog, Lupo, passed away. "He has been at the heart of our family for the past nine years and we will miss him so much."  READ MORE ABOUT PUTIN HINTING AT AN IMMINENT CLIMBDOWN Jubilee tours abroad have long been carried out in celebration of the Queen's milestone anniversaries. William and Kate are believed to be especially looking forward to their first joint tour since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic. The couple are due to visit historic Mayan sites and celebrate the rich culture of the Garifuna community in Belize. They will also explore the country's biodiversity. In Jamaica, they will celebrate the legacy of Bob Marley and other ground-breaking Jamaican musicians alongside rising stars.  DON'T MISS: Kate beams at heartwarming father-daughter moment on latest visit [REVEALED] Prince William pays sweet tribute to Prince Harry [LATEST] Joe Biden ridiculed for latest Irish gaffe on St Patrick's Day [REPORT] The Cambridges visit to the Bahamas will include visits to a number of islands as well as the couple experiencing a world famous junkanoo parade. A Kensington Palace spokeswoman said: "Throughout their visit, the Duke and Duchess will take the opportunity to commemorate Her Majesty's Platinum Jubilee. "Their programme will also touch on a number of themes that are close to Their Royal Highnesses' hearts and a key focus of their work with The Royal Foundation, including The Earthshot Prize, mental health and the importance of early childhood to lifelong outcomes." The tour comes after the Cambridges celebrated St Patrick's Day with the Irish Guards on Thursday. Kate was dressed in an emerald green outfit for the couple's visit to the 1st Battalion Irish Guards for the St Patrick's Day Parade at Mons Barracks in Aldershot, Hampshire. The Duchess wore shamrock on her jacket while William, dressed in a military coat, had a sprig on his cap. William is Colonel of the Irish Guards and the event was the first time the Cambridges have been able to celebrate the annual event with the officers and soldiers from the regiment since the pandemic began. The Royal couple presented the shamrock to Officers and Warrant Officers, joining mascot Séamus, an Irish wolfhound, at the parade.