Gray Atkins (played by Toby-Alexander Smith) will finally face justice for killing Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plumber), Tina Carter (Luisa Bradshaw-White) and Kush Kazemi (Davood Ghadami). The lawyer was arrested after causing havoc in EastEnders including attacking Chelsea Fox (Zaraah Abrahams), Karen Taylor (Lorraine Stanley) and Shirley Carter (Linda Henry). However, after being taken away in an ambulance, will Shirley survive the assault? The father-of-three realised his freedom was closing in on him and panicked. Gray assaulted and threatened to kill Chelsea before realising he needed to flee immediately. He then broke into Karen’s with the aim of taking his children with him on the run. But, Karen realised her former son-in-law’s true colours and turned against him. The lawyer ended up seeking refuge in the Queen Vic however, he came face-to-face with Shirley who lashed out. Read more: Zaraah Abrahams husband: Who is Chelsea Fox star married to? Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) stopped Shirley from killing Gray by telling her he couldn’t face losing his mum as well. He begged: “This can’t be the way mother you have to give him to the old bill.” “No, he’s a liar he’ll get away with it,” Shirley hit back. “I can’t have you banged up for 20 years I won’t have it, come here,” Mick said as he pulled his mum off Gray. “Listen, I’ve already lost Tina I can’t lose you as well. I can’t go through this without you.” As Mick comforted his mum, Gray got up from the floor of the pub and hit Shirley over the head with a chair leg. Shirley fell to the floor while Mick chased after Gray trying to stop him from getting away. “You little rat, you like bashing up women do you?” Mick asked Gray. DON'T MISSEastEnders twist as Jean Salter outcast from family? [THEORY]EastEnders double exit for Mick Carter and Janine in death twist? [SPOILER]EastEnders tragedy as Karen and Chelsea killed in Gray exit plot? [INSIGHT] “You want to hurt me? What about your poor mother,” Gray quipped as Mick called out to Shirley but didn’t receive an answer. The Queen Vic landlord decided to leave Gray and be by his mother’s side. Gray was eventually arrested but Shirley may not get the chance to see justice being served. Shirley was taken to hospital in the back of an ambulance but her head injury could prove to be fatal. As Gray was escorted by police officers, EastEnders fans watched Shirley as she lay unconscious in the ambulance. Will the Carter matriarch become Gray’s final victim? Gary’s exit marks a satisfying ending to the serial killer’s storyline. The abuser attempted to evade justice first by running away and secondly by trying to throw himself off the railway bridge. However, in the end, the residents of Albert Square watched him be carted off by the police. EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.