Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William took time off from their busy schedules to visit the Queen at Windsor Castle after she recovered from Covid, Christina Garibaldi, and Christine Ross claimed. Her Majesty, 95, was diagnosed with Coronavirus halfway through February and cancelled a series of duties as she experienced mild "cold-like" symptoms, sparking concerns about her long-term health. But this week she resumed virtual meetings and was said to have been treated to spending time with Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis. Royally US host Christina Garibaldi said: "It seems like the Queen is back on her feet and doing well. "She's actually reported to have spent time with Prince William and Kate, and their three children at Windsor Castle. "She appeared in two virtual meetings on Tuesday so it seems like she's getting back on her feet and doing well." Co-host Christine Ross said: "It's so good to see that she's getting back into things. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG "I think anyone who's had Covid and been hit quite hard from it knows it takes a little while to really get back on your feet. "So I'm glad to see she's doing better and has been able to do some of the things she really enjoys." Ms Garibaldi added: "And spending time with her great-grandkids is definitely, I'm sure, one of those things." The Queen has been staying at Windsor Castle, one of her favourite residences, since the start of the coronavirus pandemic in 2020. READ MORE: Prince William wins hearts of fans after rare but sweet personal comment about Kate She has briefly returned to London over the past two years but has mostly resided in Berkshire, where she can count on the company of Prince Edward and Sophie, the Countess of Wessex who live in nearby Bagshot Park. And speculation has been rife about the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge themselves considering a potential move to the countryside with George, Charlotte, and Louis. In an earlier episode of the podcast, Ms Ross reported sources close to the couple had claimed Kate and William would like to split their time between London, Norfolk, and a new home in Berkshire. DON'T MISS Kate to become most prominent member of Firm but will cause 'strain' [INSIGHT]Do YOU think Meghan Harry and should be allowed to change their minds? [ANALYSIS]'Changing of the guard!' Prince Charles stepping into Queen's role [INSIGHT] She said: "It seems like the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are ready for a move. "There are some reports that they were going to split their time between two primary residences – Kensington Palace in London and their country home Anmer Hall in Norfolk. “According to the Daily Mail, a source close to the Royal Family says William and Kate will move to Berkshire and start a quiet life in the country because they feel like at this stage in their life suburbia makes perfect sense now. "This also kind of makes sense because they would be closer to Windsor Castle and there were some reports that they would be moving to Windsor castle a few months back.”