Chelsea have reportedly seen their hopes of signing Monaco wonderkid Aurelien Tchouameni ruined by the sanctions that have hit them. The Blues have been banned from conducting transfer business of any kind as a result of the special UK government licence they are now forced to play under. Tchouameni has starred for Monaco this season, featuring in all but two of their games in Ligue 1 so far. Despite being just 22-years-old, he has also captained the Monégasques on occasion. But it has been a disappointing campaign at the Stade Louis II, with Niko Kovac already losing his job. They face a major battle to secure European football next season, currently sitting four points behind fifth-placed Strasbourg. That downturn in league position has seen Tchouameni increasingly linked with a departure in the upcoming summer transfer window. A range of top clubs have stated their interest in signing the youngster, who is considered one of the brightest up-and-coming stars in French football. READ MORE: Sarri looking to take advantage of Chelsea woes and sign former player Chelsea were one of the interested parties at one point, with Thomas Tuchel having been keen to boost his midfield options. But according to Marca, while the Blues were 'best-placed' to sign Tchouameni, they have dropped out of contention in recent weeks, due to the off-field crisis engulfing the Premier League giants. Owner Roman Abramovich was added to the UK government sanctions list, with Chelsea banned from signing players as a result. Those restricitions has 'paralyzed all movement' at the club and means that Stamford Bridge is considered to be a 'discarded destination'. DON'T MISS: Roman Abramovich 'suffered symptoms of POISONING' after Ukraine talks (NEWS)Tuchel may be forced into Werner rethink amid Chelsea sale uncertainty (INSIGHT)Chelsea's next owners given fresh transfer headache to solve now (TRANSFERS) Instead, it now appears to be a straight shootout between PSG and Real Madrid to sign the midfielder, who will cost in the region of £50million. Tchouameni, who started France's win over the Ivory Coast last Friday, has also appeared to hint that current Ligue 1 table toppers PSG are the more attractive destination at present. "It is a top club with very great players. They have big goals but unfortunately they haven't won the Champions League yet - but they already have a lot of trophies. You don't necessarily have to play at Real or Manchester City to play for the France team," he said last week.