BBC Weather forecaster Owain Taylor predicted patches of frost, and cooler mornings which lead to outbreaks of sleet and snow showers across the South East. The BBC Weather forecaster also predicted gusty winds, with speads of up to 40mph. Northern England, Scotland, and Wales are expected to hit temperatures of around -4C to -5C overnight for the next few days. And the Met Office has issued one yellow weather warning for Ice acros the middlands and North of England. Mr Evans said: "We've gone from warm sunshine to this, there's some frost out there this morning. "Some sleet and snow as well, and some of us are waking up to see scenes like these. "Here is the headline for today then everyone, we're going to see frost, we're going to see ice as well. "And it's a mixture of sunny spells and scattered showers. JUST IN: Boy found in hunt for student who vanished after night out with friends     Mr Evans added: "Now the ice, I think will continue as we head through this morning. "The wintry showers have been in on this brisk Northerly wind, it will be quite windy across South-Eastern parts in particular. "But really where ever we are today, the winds will strengthen at times, gusts 30, 40, 45mph and that will affect how it feels out there. "Temperatures getting to about nine or ten celsius in places, but we're well into single figures for many.  READ MORE: Kamala Harris left viewers fuming after 'incoherent' speech - 'Wasteful gibberish'    "Mr Evans said: "And of course with the winds, we'll be taking a couple of degrees off those temperatures, so that's what it will feel like anyway. "Heading through tonight then, we hang on to those breezy conditions. "This little feature here wants to push into the North of Scotland, and this weather front tilts back up into the South-East corner of England. "Inbetween those two things, it's clear skies and scattered wintry showers with sleet or snow falling and potentially settling at the time to lower levels.  Mr Evans added: "Temperatures tonight will be down to minus four possibly even minus five Celsius around town. "Needless to say then everyone, a cold start to the day tomorrow. "Now here's the weather front pushing into Scotland, Northern Ireland, and the North of England. "We see sunny spells across much of England and Wales but some o the wintry showers again falling to lower levels." 