Mercedes' new ‘spaceship’ mirrors caught the eyes of teams at Bahrain's pre-season test with many attacking the design. The FIA’s Technology Advisory Committee is set to analyse the parts today after claims the car goes against the spirit of the rules. Red Bull team principal Christian Horner said: “We certainly don’t want to get into a mirror war. So much time in these technical meetings over the last 10 years or so have been about the function of the mirrors and whether they become wings or not, at least probably not in the intention.“So in the right forum, in the TAC meeting they have, that will probably be addressed and discussed there.”Ferrari team principal Mattia Binotto has also claimed there is a “significant aero purpose” behind the mirrors on the Mercedes. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton could get huge advantage to 2022 title hopes He added: “I think, on the mirrors, I'm [somewhat] surprised. I would say that's something we are not expecting. I think that's something that, for the future, needs to be addressed.“Already, in the past, we always argued that the mirrors should not have any aero purpose. It should be there just to look behind.”However, Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has said he believes his car is legal despite the protests from other teams. He said Mercedes had been in touch” with the FIA throughout and believes the part “will be ok”. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen may have secret weapon [INSIGHT]Ferrari chief piles pressure on Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton fears Mercedes issues will last two months 'It's crazy' [COMMENT] He added: “When you go in a specific development direction, having the FIA a part of scrutinising it - you are exchanging data and you’re making them part of the process. It’s clear that sometimes when you come with an innovation it creates the kind of debate that we’re having here. That’s why that was expected." FIA technical chief Nicholas Tombazidis warned there were a ”few little areas” the FIA was looking at across the grid. However, he suggested there were no areas that needed immediate change. He added: “By and large, I would say there hasn’t been something that we think is contrary to the objectives of the regulations. There’s been some small details perhaps in some areas, which are a bit less regulated than other areas. “There have been some winglets and stuff like that which were maybe not fully in line with the objectives but they are relatively small details.”