Manchester United icon Gary Neville clashed with Micah Richards in a heated debate over the appointment of Ralf Rangnick in the aftermath of the Red Devils’ embarrassing defeat to Manchester City. United were thumped by their rivals, with Kevin de Bruyne and Riyad Mahrez grabbing two goals apiece. Neville was left furious throughout the second-half of the game as United appeared to give up following Mahrez’s first strike. The desperately poor result was also a hammer blow to United’s hopes of finishing in the top four come the end of the season. They are now a point behind Arsenal, having played three games more than the Gunners, and are at serious risk of failing to qualify for next season’s Champions League. Though this was just Rangnick’s second Premier League defeat since taking charge of the Red Devils, performances have continued to be mixed, culminating in Sunday’s dire display. And that led to Richards questioning Neville over the decision to appoint Rangnick as interim manager. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Rangnick provides Ronaldo update after Man City defeat “So why give him the manager’s job in the first place. We’re talking about the here and now. So you’re just getting rid of the season then? Is that what you’re doing?” Richards said on Sky Sports. “Micah, Micah. You’re ranting emotionally without making any real sort of sense,” Neville hit back. “Chelsea have appointed interim managers until the end of the season, just to get them to the end of the season, when the manager they want becomes available.” Richards was left angry by Neville’s assertion that his analysis ‘lacked sense’ and blasted the decision to not appoint Antonio Conte instead of Rangnick. “Just because you’re connected to Manchester United doesn’t mean that my opinion’s irrelevant,” Richards said. DON'T MISS: Gary Neville tears into 'embarrassing' Man Utd against Man City (INSIGHT)Roy Keane calls out two Man Utd stars in Man City loss - 'Frustrating' (NEWS)Man Utd player ratings vs City with Harry Maguire and Alex Telles bad (ANALYSIS)    Neville defended his former club for turning down the chance to bring in Conte, insisting that the move to appoint Rangnick was correct.   “They didn’t want him and I agree with them for not wanting him. Conte’s not a manager for Manchester United. He comes in for one or two years, he does a great job,” he said.   “He wins. Do you want to be mediocre for the next 10 years? Is that what you want?” Richards hit back.   “They’ve been there with Jose Mourinho. They want to appoint either Pochettino or Ten Hag on a long-term project and they needed somebody to get to the end of the season,” Neville said to end the argument.    “Rangnick’s best work is done behind the scenes. But you’ve brought him in as an interim and he’s not done great. “He’s losing all credibility then he’s moving upstairs. You think the new manager’s gonna listen to him? “Conte was available before he went to Spurs. He was the best available manager at the time and because he doesn’t fit what ‘the Man Utd way’? “The Man Utd way, you don’t win any trophies any more. Conte’s a winner. Why would you not want Conte? You don’t want winners now? Is that where Man Utd are? You don’t want winners any more?” Neville defended his former club for turning down the chance to bring in Conte, insisting that the move to appoint Rangnick was correct. “They didn’t want him and I agree with them for not wanting him. Conte’s not a manager for Manchester United. He comes in for one or two years, he does a great job,” he said. “He wins. Do you want to be mediocre for the next 10 years? Is that what you want?” Richards hit back. “They’ve been there with Jose Mourinho. They want to appoint either Pochettino or Ten Hag on a long-term project and they needed somebody to get to the end of the season,” Neville said to end the argument.