Councillors in Devizes, Wiltshire, want to use the wayward youngsters to help form their approach on how to deal with them. The move follows reports a gang whose members are aged 13-16 are responsible for 66 percent of anti-social behaviours in the area. It includes shouting, swearing, low-level theft, climbing on the roofs of shops and playing knock and run around the town. Town hall chiefs are meeting this week to decide on a proposal on how to tackle the the problem. They are considering appointing the troublemakers as special advisers to the council. The proposal is to run a pilot scheme for Devizes and if successful roll it out across Wiltshire to other towns. Marlborough and Westbury are also experiencing problems with teenage anti-social behaviour. The "If we can’t beat you, join us" plan, masterminded by councillor Jonathan Hunter, has the backing of the police, Wiltshire councillors, Devizes MP Danny Kruger, town social workers, church leaders, local schools and the county’s crime commissioner Philip Wilkinson. Police and councillors believe many of the teenagers in Devizes are causing problems because they are bored, have no youth club and feel that they do not matter. Mr Hunter said: "My vision is that eventually we will even get some of the kids currently causing [anti-social behaviour] problems in the town to be among these advisers.  READ MORE ABOUT A POWER CUT IN LONDON "I realise that some of the keyboard warriors may not be happy about this idea. "Some of these kids are second or third generation people with few social skills but we have to give them a chance." The councillor is proposing a three-point plan to tackle the teens, which includes giving them a safe space to go that is their own in the evenings. Rooms beneath the town's Corn Exchange and The Shambles are under consideration. Making the teens feel important by creating more council schemes to involve young people is another part of the plan as is getting young people on the council as special advisers.   DON'T MISS: ‘Step away from crack pipe' Ferrari intervenes in Insulate Britain row [LATEST] Eurostar under threat as new competitor in 'advanced talks' [REVEALED] Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie step out on emotional day for Royals [REPORT] Members of the town council’s Community and Civic Resources Committee are meeting on Tuesday to debate Mr Hunter’s proposal that teenagers are co-opted to the council as "student advisers". Their role would be to sit on committees and advise councillors on young people’s opinions on local issues as well as providing insights into why some of their generation cause trouble.  Mr Hunter said: "If you fight fire with fire the fire just gets bigger and if you speak enough disapproval into a young person’s life then they will live that out. "There is a better way." 