Brides historically have made sure their wedding outfits include 'something old, something new, something borrowed and something blue' based on the popular rhyme. And it appears Kate Middleton stuck to this tradition when she married Prince William in 2011, as three jewellery items may well have been chosen specifically to be the old, new, borrowed and blue in Kate's wedding ensemble.  For her something blue, Kate's dress included a subtly stitched blue ribbon. But when dressed in her wedding reception outfit, Kate was pictured wearing her dark blue sapphire engagement ring that previously belonged to her late mother-in-law, Princess Diana. Lorna Haddon, head of diamonds and jewellery at Beaverbrooks, told Express.co.uk that Kate's engagement ring "holds a stunning 12-carat oval blue sapphire, surrounded by fourteen smaller solitaire diamonds." She added: "The sapphire and diamonds are set in a slim 18-carat white gold band, which accentuates the central piece and draws the eye into those incredible stones. “A family heirloom, Kate’s ring once belonged to Prince William’s mother, Princess Diana, and has incredible sentimental value to the Prince. "William explained that by Kate wearing his mother’s engagement ring, he felt that Diana was with them on their wedding day."  READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘childish’ and ‘petty’ over Philip memorial Kate wore the Cartier Halo Tiara for her wedding day, and it came straight from the Queen's extensive jewellery collection. The tiara is formed of a band with "16 graduated scrolls, set with 739 brilliants and 149 baton diamonds", according to the Royal Collection Trust. While it was obviously a borrowed piece, the provenance of the stunning piece could also extend it to being Kate's 'something old' too.   Ms Haddon explained: “With her ‘something blue’ firmly covered by that incredible sapphire engagement ring, Kate wore an extraordinary halo tiara on her wedding day borrowed from none other than the Queen herself. "Stooped in royal history, the piece was gifted to Her Majesty as an 18th birthday present by George VI." The stunning tiara is thought to have been the first the Queen ever owned, but she was not seen publicly wearing the diadem while Britain was in the midst of World War 2. Princess Anne had previously worn the tiara, but it had not been seen for many decades until Kate wore it on her wedding day in 2011.  DON'T MISS:Sentimental meaning behind Queen’s rose brooches - worth £100k [INSIGHT]Hidden meanings behind Kate Middleton's Caribbean emeralds from Queen [ANALYSIS]Kate Middleton's £25,000 ring is a 'sign of independence' - pictures [PICTURES] Kate wore a pair of earrings gifted to her by her parents Carole and Michael Middleton for her big day. The diamond earrings were made by Robinson Pelham and they featured an oak leaf and acorn to reflect the Middleton family's coat of arms. Ms Haddon explained: "She kept her jewellery choices for the big day very simple (as simple as can be when you’re wearing a royal tiara!) "She teamed the headpiece with a gorgeous pair of pear-cut diamond drop earrings gifted to her by her parents for her wedding day – an equally sentimental piece for her to walk down the aisle with." 