The service marks almost a year since the passing of the Duke of Edinburgh and will be a service to honour his life and achievements. Prince Harry announced that he would not be attending the ceremony and will not fly his family to the UK but hopes to reunite with the Queen “as soon as possible”.  The decision comes after Harry declared he felt unsafe after his car was chased by paparazzi on his last visit to the UK, which undoubtedly brought up traumatic memories of his mother’s death. The Home Office decided in 2020 to not allow Prince Harry to pay for security to protect his family when he visits the UK. A decision he is appealing in court. The prince gave up the privilege of royal security when himself and Meghan Markle stepped away from the royal family. Speaking to Daily Star, Samantha said: “I think the bottom line is naturally, he would have security, asking to make security such a big issue seems like some sort of excuse on the grounds that the whole Royal Family are attending.  “As the whole world has seen The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their children live such high-profile lives yet with a resemblance of normality, they don't always take private jets and travel coach (economy), while on royal duty they have security, it's the same with Princess Anne. “When Prince Harry attended the funeral of the Duke of Edinburgh, he received the full security protection given to royals as the event was assessed as a terror flashpoint and so he was given security. “When he unveiled his mother’s statue with Prince William, he was not.” Ms Markle added: “Harry and Meghan stepped down from royal duty and wanted to pursue the red carpets and be American so therefore it only seems right and protocol that they're not entitled to the same benefits that royal duty comes with.” Former Royal Protection officer Ken Wharfe wrote for the Daily Mail and sais: “Prince Harry has an outrageous check demanding full royal security detail to be reinstated when he visits the UK.” READ MORE:Laundry expert shares items which should never be put in the machine He added: “Police protection should not be for sale.” Mr Wharfe noted that if his proposal was granted then “Britain would face the humiliating prospect of hiring out our highly trained and armed officers to any reality television narcissist or tinpot dictator’s children who can foot the bill.” Samantha continued: “To demand things that being in duty would provide, it's counter-intuitive and seems childish and selfish, especially under these conditions and everything that has transpired. “Flinging racial allegations against the royals, they were horribly attacked by Harry and Meghan, so to turn around and demand private security after evading royal duty, it's totally inappropriate. “Not to mention the fact, Prince Philip was his grandfather, but Harry has been in service, Prince Philip served in World War Two, not only to honour him as his grandfather but also a military figure, who is noted for great service is highly disrespectful.” DON'T MISS:POLL: Do YOU think pensioners have been let down by Tory Party? (POLL)British tourists to see ‘annoying delays’ on flights to Spain (INSIGHT)Bottas makes 'weird' Hamilton comment as Mercedes' poor form pondered (REACTION) She concluded: “To put something as petty as security ahead of the obvious ethical, humane military and royal respect, it doesn't make sense, it's sad.” Mr Wharfe noted that the only reason for armed security to be granted to Harry would be “if the intelligence services have identified clear dangers to Harry and his family, from terrorists or other criminals while he is on British soil.” He concluded: “They cannot reclaim what they threw away two years ago. Royalty doesn’t work like that.” 