The Invictus Games Foundation was launched by the Duke in 2014 and aids current and ex-servicemen through sports. The charity’s focus draws upon Prince Harry’s background as a former soldier, and utilises the tagline “using sport to change lives”. This year’s edition of the sporting games takes place in The Hague in the Netherlands. Earlier this week, a promotional video for the event next month was released showing Prince Harry, 37, learning a few Dutch phrases. The Duke is seen in his home in Montecito, attempting to learn the language before showing his all-orange outfit, consisting of an orange t-shirt and orange sunglasses. The comedic promotional video showed an unprecedented spike in people Googling for tickets to the Invictus Games, according to an analysis of Google search data. READ MORE: ‘As goofy as ever!’ Prince Harry enjoys ‘banter’ in latest video This analysis reveals that online searches for ‘Invictus Games Tickets’ exploded 837 percent worldwide on the day the footage was released. Findings by furniture retailer Bed Kingdom revealed that online searches for interest in tickets for the games skyrocketed to over eight times the average volume in a few hours. A spokesperson for Bed Kingdom commented on the findings claiming this boom in searches is a “testament to the Prince’s popularity” despite stepping back from royal duties. The spokesperson said: “Despite Prince Harry stepping down from his life as a working royal, he is still passionately committed to his work with the Invictus Games, which he founded back in 2014 to celebrate servicemen and women through an annual sporting tournament. “These findings highlight the enormous influence Prince Harry has on the world, with a single short video prompting a monumental increase in searches for a project that is incredibly close to Harry's heart. “It is a testament to the Prince's popularity that he has encouraged others to attend and support the Invictus Games, despite rare appearances since leaving the British Royal Family.” In the footage, Harry wears an all-orange outfit as orange is the national colour of The Netherlands and the Dutch Royal Family is a part of the House of Orange-Nassau. The video shows Harry on a video call learning Dutch from four people. He asks those on the call how he can say “Good afternoon, you've done a great job” in Dutch?" Harry is then praised for his attempt at saying the sentence in Dutch, and then asks: "And what else, anything else I need to know?" Giving the video a more comedic edge, one of the others on the call helping him says: "Can you say stroopwafel?" DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's work schedule ‘hardly compares’ to Firm members' [INSIGHT] 'Needs a talking-to' Prince Harry blasted for missing UK royal event [REVEAL] Kate and William travel in same Jeep Queen used 60 years ago [REPORT] Later, the Duke asks the people on the call: "Do you think I'm ready?" And he is told: "We think you're ready." Speaking in Dutch, Harry says: "Thank you. See you soon in The Hague." Harry then wears an orange hat, orange sunglasses and unzips his jacket to reveal an orange T-shirt and stands up to show off orange trousers. Inspired by Prince Harry’s first-hand experience of how sport “can help physically, psychologically and socially those suffering from injuries and illness” at the Warrior Games in the USA in 2013, the idea for his initiative was born. Set up in 2014, the charity is a sporting event for wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women, both those still currently serving and veterans. Drawing upon the meaning of the word ‘Invictus’, the games intend to inspire recovery and support rehabilitation post-injury for those who served. This year’s games take place between 16 and 22 April in the Netherlands. The Games were cancelled the last two years due to the COVID-19 pandemic. This year’s event, presented by Jaguar Land Rover, will bring together over 500 competitors from 20 nations to compete in a series of adaptive sports. Events will be held across the city over the course of a week.