Al Perkins features in the latest season of the quirky dating series, Married At First Sight Australia on E4. The TV show has left fans picking their jaws off the floor as it continues to air plenty of drama. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened to Al. Al and Sam had a turbulent relationship from the outset and Al attempted to rekindle the romance during a final date. However, they decided enough was enough and left the experiment at the latest commitment ceremony. The 26-year-old had been called out for his lack of maturity in the relationship and he has since admitted he has learnt a lot from the experiment. Things may not have worked out with his marriage, but he remains determined to not give up. READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now?  "Before coming to this experiment, I thought it would be really easy to fall in love. I was wrong," he said. "Married life is hard. It is sad I didn't find love, but I won't stop trying." He told 9Entertainment: "After coming out of the experiment, I do feel confident that I will be a great husband one day." It may not have been love at first sight but the star said he felt he had grown as a person. He admitted compromise was one of the main things he needed to work on in future relationships. Despite the setbacks, he said the experience was one of the best things he has ever done. Thankfully, he and Sam left the show on an amicable note and Al said they remain friends today. The pair were interviewed together on Channel 9's Today Show and it was clear the banter was still there. She was asked whether she felt her match was a bit "up himself" and after a short pause, the presenters took this to mean she was in agreement. However, she laughed and said she had asked to be matched with someone confident. DON'T MISS... Daniel Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Daniel Holmes now? [INSIGHT] Married at First Sight real-life: Who is Megan Wolfe dating now? [EXPLAINER] Matt Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Matt Ridley now? [INSIGHT] Al is on Instagram and he describes himself as "silly, saucy and spontaneous". He shared a photo of himself during his final commitment ceremony, holding up his sign which said 'leave'. Continuing to see the humour in everything, he said: "See ya later alligator." Sam was shocked when Al previously suggested staying in the experiment, despite the fact their relationship was falling apart. She told TV Week: "I'd been so open and honest about how I was feeling - we'd even had a conversation that we were just friends. "I think he struggled to consider me in his decisions. It's been The Al Show the whole way through and I'm just kind of featuring in it." Al explained how he was not ready to give up hope and watched to make a last-ditch attempt to save the marriage. He said he had a few sleepless nights trying to think of what to say to Sam to fix things. The star has not revealed whether he is in a new relationship since leaving the show. Married At First Sight Australia airs on weeknights on E4 at 7.30pm.