French President Emmanuel Macron and pro-EU army proponents across the bloc have for years pushed for the Union to become military independent from NATO and its allies. But according to Bart M. J. Szewczyk, senior fellow at the German Marshall Fund, europhiles and their French leader can say goodbye to their military dreams thanks to Russia's attack on Ukraine. Writing for Foreign Policy, he said: "As large-scale war returns to the continent after a 77-year absence, governments are raising military spending, boosting readiness, and sending units to guard NATO’s eastern frontier. "But all this action will lack a clear sense of direction and strategy as long as governments from Paris to Berlin remain stuck in their naive myths of the European Union as a military power. "Paris, especially, has doubled down on its policy to seize control of Europe’s defence from NATO, which French President Emmanuel Macron considers 'brain dead', and place it in the hands of the European Union." He continued: "The hollowness of the EU’s ambitions was aptly illustrated a few weeks ago at a European Council summit in Versailles, France. "Seated within the palace’s opulent Hall of Mirrors, European leaders might have reflected on the location’s history as a place of bad decisions and French hubris, not least in imposing the disastrously flawed peace settlement after World War I. "Instead, they proclaimed a Versailles Declaration that rehashed the same platitudes about strategic autonomy and European sovereignty that have hobbled European defence debates for many years. "Similarly, the EU’s Strategic Compass adopted earlier this week was notable for the sharp contrast between grandiose pronouncements and tiny deliverables, promising nothing less than to 'defend the European security order' — for which Brussels hopes to have 5,000 troops on call by 2025. "If this tiny number seems to ignore the new reality of war on the EU’s border, that’s because it does: The document’s final version largely tracks the drafts circulated before the start of the war on February 24." On Monday, March 21, EU foreign and defence ministers agreed a security strategy meant to boost the bloc's military clout when war has returned to Europe, establishing a rapid reaction force with up to 5,000 of troops to be swiftly deployed in a crisis. READ MORE: Putin final lifeline ruined: £100bn 'fortress Russia' about to CRUMBLE "The threats are rising and the cost of inaction is clear," the EU's foreign policy chief Josep Borrell said in a statement, calling the document that sets out European ambitions in defence and security to be reached by 2030 a "guide to action". Work on the strategy started in 2020, before the pandemic, a chaotic withdrawal from Afghanistan and the Ukraine war. After Russia's invasion of Ukraine began, the EU toughened its language on Moscow. "The EU needs to be able to protect its citizens and to contribute to international peace and security," the bloc said in a statement. "This is all the more important at a time when war has returned to Europe, following the unjustified and unprovoked Russian aggression against Ukraine, as well as of major geopolitical shifts." DON'T MISS:Europe threatened by further crisis over Russian diesel [INSIGHT]Putin warned he could be 'assassinated by his own daughter' [ANALYSIS]UK troops graves daubed with Russian Z symbol [VIDEO] Russia has described its invasion as a "special military operation" to disarm Ukraine. At the same time, the EU has made it clear it sees its efforts as complementary to the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) and not intended to compete with the US-led military alliance as an anchor of Western defence. Germany is ready to provide the core of the EU's new rapid reaction force in 2025, the year it is meant to become fully operational, Defence Minister Christine Lambrecht said in Brussels. The force will replace the existing EU battlegroups that the bloc has had since 2007 but never used. Plans for an overhaul gained traction after European countries struggled to handle the chaotic withdrawal from Kabul in August. EU leaders are expected to sign off on the security strategy, referred to as the Strategic Compass, at this week's summit in Brussels.