The first season of the intense new family drama proved a surprise hit for Starz when it kicked off the fierce rivalry between Ace (played by Alexander Ludwig) and Jack Spade (Stephen Amell) last year. The two leading men, formerly of Vikings and Arrow fame, have now revealed they’re back on location for the highly anticipated follow-up in their latest Instagram posts. Starz has revealed production on the second season of Heels is officially underway in Atlanta, Georgia. The show’s two co-stars have since confirmed the news themselves with social media updates from the set of the popular sports drama. Alexander posted a snap of himself and Stephen on his Instagram story, adding the caption: “Oh we back!!!” His co-star Stephen posted the same picture outside his character Jack’s house, and added: “All is not well in Duffy, Georgia.” READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role The official announcement for season two arrived through Heels' Twitter page, which posted: “Big things are happening in Duffy, GA.” There is currently no set release window for Heels season two, though the show is expected to return to screens by early 2023. Cast members Alison Luff, Mary McCormack and Kelli Berglund are all confirmed to return, with Trey Tucker and Robby Ramos upped to series regulars for the second season. Less than a year after Alexander’s time as Bjorn Ironside came to an end on Vikings, his turn as smalltown wrestler Ace drew acclaim from Starz viewers and critics. The new series received several awards nominations, including a Best Action Series nod from the Critics Choice Awards. Several months after the first season wrapped up in October last year, Starz viewers are undoubtedly eager to witness the Duffy Wrestling League’s next slate of epic bouts. Down in the comments of Stephen’s latest post, a number of fans expressed their excitement for the series’ return now filming is officially underway. Instagram user @dpfinn wrote: “The bros are back! Can’t wait for season two!!!!!” DON'T MISS:NCIS NOLA’s CCH Pounder lines up exciting new role [NEWS]The Walking Dead fans ‘in tears’ as Norman Reedus injured [LATEST]Y 1883’s Sam Elliott recalls warning from showrunner [INTERVIEW] And @virginie.v_ replied: “Can't wait to see season two. Totally fired up for it!!” (sic) Outside of his latest television role, Heels star Alexander is also scheduled to appear in a number of upcoming feature films. He recently posted a message to a group of fans he met in Spain, likely while filming his role in Guy Ritchie’s next movie. “Working on a new film and just as I am leaving the base I am met with ecstatic new friends,” he wrote. “It never ceases to amaze me just how far my films and shows have travelled. “Thank you to my new friends at the Zaragoza military base for the dog tags and your service. “I will cherish this gift - and to everyone who continuously reminds me just how lucky I am to be doing what I love for a living.” As production has only just gotten started, Heels fans should expect more details, including the first trailer for season two, to be released in a few months’ time. Heels season 1 is available to stream on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.