Ms Pechonchyk spoke of the deliberate murder of Ukrainian civilians and the circumstances of those held captive. The human rights expert described receiving numerous reports of sexual assaults by Russian servicemen as well as multiple kidnaps and disappearances. Ms Pechonchyk also discussed collecting evidence of all war crimes being reported as they already have a prosecutor ready to take action on the criminal offences committed again innocent civilians. Ms Pechonchyk told GB News: "We have a coalition of 20 human rights jurors, and every hour we receive dozens of information from different regions of Ukraine. "About war crimes and crimes against humanity committed during this conflict, including the deliberate murder of civilians. "Targeting civilians, objects, infrastructure, schools, and kindergartens. "Information about rapes on the occupied territory, committed by the Russian soldiers. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S UKRAINE LIVE BLOG   Ms Pechonchyk added: "Using civilians as a shield, and many other types of the crimes which we document, we are experiencing that because we have been working in Crimea for the last eight years, since the beginning of the Russian invasion. "And we already cooperate with the prosecutor of the ICC Office, and this data is collected in accordance with the protocol that can be used later on the criminal proceeding on the national and international level. "And coming back to the disappearances, this is very a disturbing and alarming tendency for us. "We think it's very important to report about it because Russia used these tactics in occupied Crimea, eight years ago in Donbas.  "So when they come, they kidnap and torture active people from local communities. "And from Crimea, you have a list of people who are still missing over these eight years, so we think, in order to save these people's lives it's very important to tell the stories of these people. "And cover this situation, because it can help to decrease the risks for those who are now in captivity." In recent weeks Mayor of Melitopol, Ivan Fedorov was kidnapped by Russian forces and successfully freed. Ukraine's Foreign Ministry said in a statement last week: "The abduction of the mayor of Melitopol is classified as a war crime under the Geneva Conventions and the Additional Protocol, which prohibit the taking of civilian hostages during the war."  Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Zelensky compared Russians kidnapping Ukrainians to the tactics used by ISIS. Mr Zelensky said: "This is obviously a sign of weakness of the invaders. "They have moved to a new stage of terror in which they are trying to physically eliminate representatives of legitimate local Ukrainian authorities. "The capture of the mayor of Melitopol is, therefore, a crime, not only against a particular person, against a particular community, and not only against Ukraine. "It is a crime against democracy itself. The acts of the Russian invaders will be regarded like those of Islamic State terrorists." 