Garden sheds often get forgotten about, especially once the door has been locked shut for the winter. However, spring is the perfect time to reorganise your tools and scrub down your wood. Cleaning your garden shed is not necessarily a speedy task, but if you have a game plan in place, you can get the job done efficiently and shave time off the job. After an onslaught of harsh winter weather, the outside of your shed might not be looking its best. However, with the help of a power washer or a simple hose pipe, your garden outhouse could be looking ship-shape in no time. If your shed is made of wood, you may want to tackle it in the same way you might wash your garden fence. Use a mixture of soap and water, and a firm scrubbing brush, to get rid of any green algae or grime build-up. You can use a hose or pressure washer to then get rid of any leftover residue. If your shed is made with vinyl siding, you can use a power washer to blast away any caked-on dirt. Scrub away any remaining dirt with a soapy rag or a stiff brush. READ MORE: Lawn care: The mowing trick to ‘always' use when cutting grass Much like the exterior of your shed, the windows might also need some attention. Even if you use a power washer on the outside of your shed, windows are best dealt with by hand. For glass windows, a solution of equal parts white vinegar and water can do the job. Much like cleaning your shower, using a squeegee can ensure a streak-free shine. DON'T MISSHow to protect your garden plants from slugs [INSIGHT]How to clean your patio with two kitchen items [EXPLAINER]Peace lilies: ‘Essential’ trick for keeping your houseplants healthy [COMMENT] Once inside, it's a good idea to pull out anything which is obstructing the floor and give it a good sweep. Whether it's clumps of dirt or grass clippings, debris can fall from tools or be dragged in on your boots. If you have a leaf blower to hand, this could speed up the cleaning process and blow away the cobwebs. As an outside building, after a dam winter, mildew isn't uncommon. If you do happen to notice mould or mildew, it's best tackled as soon as possible - especially if you have a wooden shed. The acidity of white vinegar can help to combat mildew formation. Simply soak a rag in the solution, and then scrub at the mildew until nothing remains. You may also want to spritz on some shop-bought mould and mildew killer. At the end of last year, you may have chucked all of your tools into the shed and closed the door. However, this could increase the chances of your tools becoming rusty. Investing in a magnetic bar for tools or hanging a pegboard can ensure an organised and efficient shed. Furthermore, hanging your tools can actually help to maintain them. Reusing old household items, such as bookshelves or freestanding shelves, can also provide a handy home for all of your gardening essentials.