As the moon moves into Pisces this morning, an air of tranquility will sweep and an urge to slow down and go with the flow will follow. Embrace the calm energy or use it to your advantage with a smooth step out of a comfort zone or a small routine switch up, as you might feel more at ease doing so today. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for today. Pisces is a gentle, ethereal, creative, and compassionate sign according to psychic astrologer, Leslie Hale. When the moon is in Pisces, you might feel a more meditative air which works perfectly for first draft creation or art-making, as you’ll find it easier to escape into your imagination on days like today. Liveabout.com said: “When the Moon is in Pisces, we swim in imaginative currents that go beyond the normal limits of space and time. “It's a mood when symbols, music, and images convey the messages of the soul. This happens through art, dance, film, photography, and theatre.”  READ MORE: Star signs: Zodiac expert shares each star signs luckiest colours The Pisces moon will turn the world’s noise down to a low hum and the pace of the day-to-day will feel much slower today. This calm, expressive feeling will pervade until the early hours of Wednesday morning. Cafe Astrology said the moon’s transit will “bring on a need to unwind, go with the flow, or accept and forgive.” The slower pace and calmer waters should paint a wider picture for you today, as hard edges are prone to soften during these lunar trips, and you might find forgiveness where there’s recently been conflict or resentment.  Cafe Astrology said: “This moon transit awakens our need for spiritual refreshment or an escape from everyday life.” Embrace this today, as it’s the restoration you’ll need to prepare for the new moon on Friday, which brings a Jupiter and Neptune conjunction - a gateway into something new. However, it's often harder to deal with the harsh aspects of reality during water-sign moon transitions like Pisces. Cafe Astrology said we might feel more “evasive” or “we might avoid conflict and confrontation.”  DON'T MISS: Horoscopes & love: Virgo urged to ‘resolve conflict’ [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton's zodiac traits proves why she would make a great Queen [EXPLAINED]Star signs: Aries urged to ‘stand back’ and assess relationship [ANALYSIS]      The Pisces sign generally tends to do what it can to avoid confrontation and often finds it difficult to diffuse negative energy and emotion coming their way. During lunar transits like today, it could be beneficial to lie lower and keep more to yourself, as negative energies could cause more discomfort than usual. However, Cafe Astrology said: “While we seek some solitude, with the Moon’s harmony with Uranus tonight, we’re also in great shape for supporting one another.” Uranus is the planet of sudden inspiration and change, and of eccentricity and openness. The energy this planet positioning will stir will inspire you to be a stronger shoulder to lean on, so try not to refrain from help during this time. 