Mr Renaud, 50, was a US journalist and filmmaker who had previously worked for the New York Times. Kyiv's police chief Andriy Nebytov said he had been targeted by Russian soldiers. Mr Nebitov said in a Facebook post that Russian forces shot Renaud, adding that "the occupants cynically kill even journalists of international media, who've been trying to tell the truth about atrocities of Russian military in Ukraine."  He added: "Of course, journalism carries risks, but the US citizen Brent Renaud paid with his life for an attempt to shed light on how underhand, cruel, and merciless the aggressor is." Nebitov said that two more journalists were injured, adding that "the injured have been already saved and moved to a hospital in the capital. What condition they are in is unknown at the moment." His death is the first reported killing of a foreign journalist covering the war in Ukraine. One of the injured journalists, Juan Arredondo, told an Italian reporter that he was with Brent Renaud when they came under fire. READ MORE: Vladimir Putin military efforts delivered huge blow from West  In a video published on Twitter, he said: "We were across one of the first bridges in Irpin, going to film other refugees leaving, and we got into a car", "Somebody offered to take us to the other bridge and we crossed a checkpoint, and they start shooting at us. "So the driver turned around, and they kept shooting, there's two of us. "My friend is Brent Renaud, and he's been shot and left behind. "I saw him being shot in the neck." DON'T MISS Russia jet plummers from sky after Ukrainian defence forces down it [SPOTLIGHT]Sky's Sophy Ridge tears Gove apart over Johnson plans for Russia [REVEAL]Zelensky in brutal forecast as he warns invasion to backfire on Putin [INSIGHT]   Mr Renaud had previously contributed to The New York Times. Cliff Levy, its deputy managing editor, said the newspaper was "deeply saddened" by the journalist and filmmaker's death. He confirmed Mr Renaud was not on assignment for the New York Times at the time of his death. The New York Times said: "We are deeply saddened to hear of Brent Renaud's death. "Brent was a talented photographer and filmmaker who had contributed to the New York Times over the years. "Though he had contributed to the Times in the past, most recently in 2015, he was not on assignment for any desk at the Times in Ukraine. "Early reports that he worked for the Times circulated because he was wearing a Times press badge that had been issued for an assignment many years ago." Mr Renaud often worked alongside his brother, Craig, who was also a filmmaker and was based in New York and Little Rock, Arkansas. 