Prince Andrew reached an out-of-court agreement with his accused Virginia Giuffre last month, meaning the civil sexual abuse lawsuit she lodged will not be proceeding to trial. The Duke of York has persisted in vehemently denying claims he abused Ms Giuffre while she was a minor and agreed to make a "substantial donation" to her charity for abuse victims. The financial settlement is estimated to be in the millions, with the Queen and Prince Charles reported to be personally contributing to Prince Andrew's efforts to raise the sum. Speaking to Jeremy Vine on Five, Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu said: "He does need the cash but there's a different interpretation to what is going on. "Yes, Charles may be seen to be lending Andrew money. The reason we're not hearing it's the Queen is because of the public backlash. "I read somewhere the money is meant to be paid back to Charles from Andrew's inheritance. "That tells me it's the Queen who's ultimately paying this, if it's coming from his inheritance." She continued: "This man, Prince Andrew, is not being put in a position where he learns the consequences of his actions." READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON OUR ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG Express.co.uk has contacted Buckingham Palace for comment. The Queen was also reported to have paid £2 million to Ms Giuffre's charity shortly after the parties announced a settlement had been reached. According to a friend of Andrew, the Duke had to rely on his family to meet the terms of the settlement as he has no personal income to use. They said: "He has no income or money to repay a bank loan so the family is the only way to guarantee the payment." READ MORE: Dr Shola rages over 'deeply evil jealous wicked' move against Meghan Markle Before settling on an agreement with Ms Giuffre, the Duke of York proceeded to sell a chalet in the Swiss Alps, with the proceedings expected to further contribute to any alleged repayment to Prince Charles and the Queen. While the two sides settled out-of-court, the agreement between the Duke of York and his accuser is not an admission of guilt. Royal biographer Penny Junor previously suggested the settlement was coming as a "huge relief" to the Royal Family as focus could now fully shift on the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Ms Junor said: "Going to trial, it could have been very, very nasty. DON'T MISSRoyal POLL: Do YOU think Meghan and Harry will have more children? [POLL]Harry excites royal fans as Duke spotted in cowboy hat at Texas show [PICTURE]Royal Family LIVE: US fury after Harry 'shows face at American event' [LIVE BLOG] "It could have been embarrassing, humiliating, and it would have been huge fodder for the tabloid press. "It could have really taken the shine off the Queen's Platinum Jubilee year." Her Majesty stripped Prince Andrew of his remaining honourary titles and patronages in January after US Judge Anthony Kaplan thrashed attempts to quash the civil lawsuit. The royal had previously been forced to agree to temporarily retire from public duties following a disastrous BBC Newsnight interview. While the case is now not expected to be presented in front of a jury, the Duke has been warned it is unlikely he will ever be asked to resume his positions.