Former world champion Jenson Button was quick to praise Alfa Romeo star Valtteri Bottas for his actions following Mick Schumacher’s horror crash during qualifying ahead of the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. Haas confirmed the German will not drive in Sunday’s race, leaving Kevin Magnussen as the sole representative of the American team. After Schumacher qualified for Q2, the 23-year-old clipped the curb at Turn 10 and crashed heavily into the concrete barrier while travelling at approximately 170mph. Footage showed Bottas pulling up alongside Schumacher and checking on his health, with the Finn reportedly asking if the German was ok. “It’s the way it should be in sport,” Button said of Bottas’ actions. “The drivers are all there as competitors, but safety is paramount.” Bottas’ actions were also praised by F1 fans on social media after it was confirmed Schumacher was set to be taken to hospital for precautionary checks. Haas later confirmed that the German was ‘in good condition’ while team principal Guenther Steiner revealed he had spoken to his mother Corinna. READ MORE: Max Verstappen has major advantage over Charles Leclerc at Saudi GP “I didn’t speak with him directly; he’s spoken to his mum,” said Steiner. “I spoke with his mum a few times and kept her updated. He has no injuries which you can see, they just wanted to check on him and do some scans to see that there’s no damage from the impact and the forces. “It seems like he’s gone on the curb and just lost the car. We just lost all the data immediately on the impact, we had no contact with him after the contact.” DON'T MISSHamilton given food for thought at Saudi GP after Ricciardo penaltyVerstappen hits out at 'dangerous' Saudi track after Schumacher crashWolff explains lack of Mercedes car changes after Hamilton nightmare The FIA also confirmed Schumacher had not suffered any injuries. He posted an image of himself to Twitter, along with the message: “Hi everyone, I just wanted to say that I’m ok. “Thank you for the kind messages. The car felt great @haasf1team, we’ll come back stronger.” A dramatic evening on the Jeddah street circuit saw seven-time world champion Lewis Hamilton fail to make it into Q2 and he will now start on the grid in 15th after Schumacher’s absence was announced. Sergio Perez took the first pole position of his career as he stunned the two Ferraris – Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz – while reigning world champion Max Verstappen will start from P4.