 ITV viewers were gripped by the first episode of Our House as the new thriller began. The series follows the story of estranged couple Fi (played by Tuppence Middleton) and Bram (Martin Compston) who still own their family home together. However, the second instalment of the drama left some fans frustrated as they spotted some problems with the plot.   A series of flashbacks throughout the series show the breakdown of the couple’s marriage after Fi caught Bram cheating with their neighbour, Merle (Weruche Opia). On Tuesday night’s episode Fi asked Merle to babysit her two sons while she was out. However, when she returned she made it clear she no longer viewed Merle as a friend. “I helped myself to a drink. I hope you don’t mind,” Merle said. READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot?    Fi remarked: “Of course what’s mine is yours. Did you pop into the playhouse for old times sake? “You can see yourself out,” she snapped, turning her back on Merle. “I wanted to tell you about the baby I just didn’t get a chance,” Merle said. “Is it Bram’s?” Fi questioned, with Merle replying: “What?”    “Don’t lie because I’ll know,” Fi fumed, but Merle insisted Adrian is the father of her baby. “I swear on my life,” Merle added, trying her best to reassure her neighbour. “Fine, congratulations,” Fi said, before again encouraging Merle to leave. “There’s the door.” After watching the drama unfold, puzzled viewers flocked to Twitter to question why Fi would ask Merle to babysit in the first place. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star shares first impression of ‘crazy’ newcomer [INSIGHT]Emmerdale twist as Rhona Goskirk’s left penniless after betrayal? [SPOILERS]Coleen Nolan addresses Loose Women feud rumours [MUST SEE]  “She seriously let the woman her husband cheated with babysit her children? #OurHouse," @DebbieBlackma14 commented. “But, you let her babysit your kids??? #OurHouse," @LouiseS79443824 remarked. Many suggested the situation was unrealistic and accused the show of being full of “plot holes”. “Too many holes in this story. The woman your husband slept with is babysitting your kids and then you throw her out? Two million pound house from people with average salaries? Just not realistic at all. #OurHouse," @RachPteacher said. "#ourhouse has plot holes as big as… a house,” @thehatandbeard joked.    However, other viewers insisted they were enjoying the gripping plot of the thriller so far. “Oh my goodness, #OurHouse is JUICY. I love it!!!” @EVEHUCKFIELD commented. “Absolutely hooked on #OurHouse HOOKED. Just trying so hard not to stream the whole thing,” @ChrissiX said. Our House continues Wednesday at 9pm on ITV.  