Prince William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge arrived in Jamaica on the second leg of their Caribbean tour on Tuesday. Upon their arrival, the Duke and Duchess were met by a protest calling for reparations from the British monarchy. The couple were accused of benefitting from the "blood, tears and sweat" of slaves. Opal Adisa, who helped put together the protest outside the British High Commission building, said: “They are, in fact, complicit because they are positioned to benefit specifically from our ancestors, and we're not benefiting from our ancestors.”She added: "The luxury and the lifestyle that they have had and that they continue to have, traipsing all over the world for free with no expense, that is a result of my great, great grandmother and grandfather, their blood and tears and sweat."Earlier in the trip there was opposition from villagers in Belize, which forced a visit to a cacao farm to be cancelled.Members of the Royal Family have faced resistance during engagements previously. However, the Queen has only been stopped from completing a visit once on mainland Britain — nearly 26 years ago in Aberystwyth, Wales.On May 31 1996, hundreds of university students gathered outside Pantycelyn Hall to oppose an invitation given to the monarch to open an extension to the National Library. The protesters believed a Welsh cultural figure should have been opening the extension instead of the monarch. As the Queen's car approached the crowds, there were both boos and chants of God Save the Queen. The atmosphere calmed down once Her Majesty reached the library and she was able to open the extension. However, the Queen was advised not to proceed to the second part of her visit — opening a new glaciology centre on the university campus. She did not complete the visit according to plan, the only time this has happened in Britain. In 1996 the deputy chief constable, Eifion Pritchard, said: "We've made sure the Queen is safe — she left safely and with her dignity. "And that's more important than finishing the programme, in my opinion." On Saturday, Kate and William were forced to ditch the first stop on their Caribbean tour, a visit to the Akte 'il Ha cacao farm, amid protests in the village of Indian Creek. Locals said they weren’t consulted about the visit and took aim at William’s patronage of a conservation charity with which they’re in a land rights dispute. DON'T MISSPrince Harry and Meghan Markle mocked after Oscars claim [INSIGHT]Queen releases new £14.99 botanical kitchen product [REVEAL]Prince Charles 'absolutely desperate' to see Archie and Lilibet [REPORT] Sebastian Shol, chairman of Indian Creek village, told the Daily Mail: "We don't want them to land on our land, that's the message that we want to send. They could land anywhere but not on our land.”The royal couple’s eight-day trip around the Caribbean comes at a difficult time for the Queen and the Royal Family. In November, Barbados celebrated 55 years of independence by becoming the first Commonwealth realm in three decades to declare itself a republic. Republican sentiment is not new in the Commonwealth’s Caribbean realms, but having gained momentum following Barbados’ departure, many of the island nations want to end their association with Britain as a colonial power. The Duke and Duchess’ “charm offensive” trip was hit by another protest on Tuesday.Protesters gathered outside the British High Commission in Kingston, Jamaica's capital city.They denounced the visit and insisted upon a formal acknowledgement of slavery with reparatory justice and calling for Jamaica to drop the Queen as head of state.At the gathering, one little girl was spotted holding a placard reading: "Kings, Queens and Princesses and Princes belong in fairy tales not in Jamaica!" Now, Kate and William face fresh issues in light of a letter released by The Bahamas National Reparations Committee (BNRC) which lashed out at the British Crown's colonialist past and called for "reparatory justice."The letter, released on March 22, stated that: “We are tired of paying literally with our lives for the maintenance of a paradigm in which we were exploited so others could be exalted. It is time now for reparatory justice. The time is now for reparations.”It continued: “They and their family of Royals and their Government must acknowledge that their diverse economy was built on the backs of our ancestors. And then, they must pay.”The Bahamas will be the Duke and Duchess’ final stop on their tour before they return to the UK on Saturday.They are expected to experience a grand cultural showcase in New Providence, witness the devastation of Hurricane Dorian firsthand in Abaco and visit award-winning coral farms in Grand Bahama.