The Duchess of Cambridge, 40, arrived in Jamaica with her husband Prince William, 39, on Tuesday, March 22. The royal couple had spent a few days in Belize in Central America before flying to Jamaica for the second leg of their Caribbean tour. On her second engagement in Jamaica, after visiting the Governor-General at his home, the Duchess travelled to Trench Town.  There they met young footballers and even Raheem Sterling, who all played a game against the Duke of Cambridge. For this royal outing, Kate wore a very colourful Willow Hilson Vintage dress. The royal wore the absolutely stunning £369 coral and turquoise vintage 1950's inspired print dress for the occasion. READ MORE: Prince William stands with hands on hips in Caribbean for key reason   The Duchess wore a cuff bracelet from Jamaican brand Steelz and Mantraz, designed by Lashawndla Bailey-Miller. The stunning gold piece is now available to purchase online for 9,765 Jamaican Dollars, which works out at roughly £48.37. On the website, the jewellery item has the title ‘She’s Royal’, as the company are offering to engrave the cuff bracelet with this phrase. The brand said: “Worn by the Duchess of Cambridge on her visit to Jamaica in March 2022, this cuff bracelet is sure to please you!” Kate wore the bracelet again in Jamaica today whilst visiting the Jamaican Prime Minister. She paired the jewellery item with a £2,000 Alexander McQueen white suit.  Royal fans on social media were so pleased she wore a bracelet made by a local designer to Jamaica. Twitter user @NatalieDunlevey posted: “Gorgeous.” Fans even took to the designer’s Instagram page - @steelzandmantraz, to comment underneath the post of the ‘She’s Royal’ bracelet. Instagram user @sheetalinc said: “Congratulations, your bangle looked beautiful on the Duchess!  “Understated but in all its golden glory.” Instagram user @ladyaerowen wrote: “Beautiful bracelet.” Another royal fan, @ctsiand added: “She has great taste in jewellery.” Royal watcher @stacey.m3 commented saying: “Beautiful piece of art.” What else did Kate wear to visit Trench Town?  Kate paired her gorgeous and vibrant dress with a pair of Russell & Bromley block heel shoes. The tan coloured heels currently retail for £195 online. For this occasion in Jamaica, Kate wore her Cha Cha hoop earrings from the Danish designer Maria Black. Featuring pearls and a gold-plated charm design, the earrings added an elegant touch to Kate’s outfit. The hoop earring is priced at £152 up for one but £298 for the pair. 