Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen posted a new video on her Twitter yesterday as she looked back on the past few sunny days. In view of her 191,700 followers, Amanda uploaded a clip of herself and some of her children riding horses in the sunshine. But now with rainy weather, Amanda said she is trying to “stay upbeat” following the fun-filled days. She wrote: “Well after three sunny bright days on the trot it decided to rain today. “Therefore in order to stay upbeat I’m going picture wise, for three sunny bright days on the trot.” Amanda concluded her tweet with a series of hashtags - including “horses”, “riding”, “pony” and “packhorsebridge”. The post garnered more than 1,700 likes within just hours, with fans of the Yorkshire Shepherdess gushing over the wholesome footage. Twitter user JanetBa22476286 said: “Beautiful hope you all enjoyed your ride x” SarahBu91574509 added: “Nothing makes me smile more than seeing Clem and Tony.” JanetEv28129124 tweeted: “So lovely to see you all out and about enjoying some leisure time xx” Amanda last week spoke out on the Ukraine crisis as she revealed she had been "taking stock”. The mother-of-nine revealed that "peace was shattered" at Ravenseat as she reflected on the devastating events. In view of her 191,600 followers, Amanda recounted hearing three fighter jets flying overhead. In the caption, she wrote: "Taking stock," followed by three sheep emojis. Amanda continued: "Quietly going about our business when the peace was shattered by 3 fighter jets overhead. "A sobering moment, when the people of the Ukraine were, just like us all, only days ago simply going about their daily lives & are now under attack." (sic) DON'T MISS‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award [LATEST]Tom Parker receives 'revolutionary treatment' in Spain amid incurab... [INSIGHT]Joan Collins, 88, stuns in gown as she marks milestone with husband [NEWS] She concluded her message with the hashtags "war” and “unthinkable”. The post featured some poignant photos of the farm. In the first snap, her sheepdog Kate looked alert as it stood next to a brick building. The black and white picture showed a snow-topped landscape. The second photo showed cloudy conditions at Ravenseat amid the picturesque hills.