Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame when she started posting cleaning and tidying tips on social media. Creating a fan base of millions, Mrs Hinch inspired supporters to share their own household hacks. Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page shares top tips for getting chores done. Louise Harvey took to the Facebook page: “My washing machine keeps leaving small bits of black sludge-like bits all over my washing. “My landlady got a repair man out and he said there’s nothing wrong with it.” Having tried and failed to fix the problem with a dishwasher tablet, machine cleaner, and bleach, she implored the cleaning enthusiasts to help. Louise added: “I’m so stuck as it’s ruining my clothes and bedding. At my wits end with the machine.” READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it Fortunately, Mrs Hinch fans were quick to help. Jo Danily stated: “Mine was doing this and I had to pull the draw fully out. “It was a bit stiff and I was scared of breaking it but I was sick of the sludge. “Once I had cleaned behind the draw it stopped. Hope this helps. Laura Marciniak added: “A washing machine of mine used to do this until I found it was inside the seal, not the bit you can see but inside where the rubber meets the metal drum, as if it’s coming from the outside of the drum.” Becks Langton seconded this: “Check the rubber seal where the door shuts into, and wipe it out. “Otherwise, soda crystals on a 90° wash should solve it.” Cleaning enthusiast Lorraine Bridgett too opted for soda crystals when she experienced this problem: “Use soda crystals in an empty machine on the hottest wash. “I use crystals and powder now in my drum two or three times a week, and I swapped to powder as pods leave slime residue.” Coriander Dean sympathised with the cleaning conundrum: “I used a machine cleaner and a couple of washes later I had all this sludge coming out. It was awful!” Fiona Harrison recommended a popular cleaning product: baking soda. She explained: “The underside of the drum is probably covered in it, usually caused by the liquid detergent and low temperature washes. “I find I have to do days’ worth of long hot washes (90 degrees) with just bicarb and it slowly starts to reduce. To limit in the future, do the same really hot wash every few weeks.” Shelley Gorman had a similar solution: “Mine doesn’t make such dark spots but does occasionally smear but when it happens I do a near boil wash or as hot as possible with soap and old towels and it seems to clean it and stop happening." Annette Meakin shared a game-changing hack: “I have the same issue. I live in a soft water area and it’s a combination of soft water and fabric conditioner. “I bought some industrial washing machine cleaning sachets from Whirlpool and use once a month on a hot wash cycle…AMAZING!! No more sludge blobs on my washing!”She added: “Whites were a nightmare!”