Over the years there have been many photos of members of the Royal Family enjoying a warm brew. They even have a rule on how to correctly hold the beverage. However, the Duchess of Cambridge has been spotted on a few occasions not taking holding a teacup in the correct way.  According to Delish, the royals have been taught the correct way to hold a teacup, though Kate does not always follow the official guidance. Reportedly, to correctly consume Britons’ favourite warm drink, the cup should be held using the thumb and index finger at the top of the handle with the middle finger used for support at the base of the handle (if needed). Also, to avoid an excessive amount of lipstick stains, members of the Royal Family are also advised to sip the contents of the cup from the same position so as not to leave stains around the rim. READ MORE: Royal women follow 'old rule' to show they're 'looking for a husband'  Kate has sometimes broken royal etiquette rules by using more fingers than necessary to grip the handle. She sometimes even holds the cup with two hands, something the Queen might not necessarily approve of. Whether Kate is at a tea party, dinner, community visit or royal function, she has been photographed holding dainty cups on many occasions. However, in only one image can she be seen holding the cup according to the Queen's preferred manner.  According to the Queen's former butler Grant Harrold, Her Majesty is not a Twinings or a Yorkshire Tea fan. She opts instead for an Assam or Earl Grey in a fine China cup. Mr Harrold said: "I am sure the Queen enjoys her Assam or her Earl Grey the traditional way, made with tea leaves in a teapot and poured into a fine bone china teacup. "She will also use a strainer. It is also a myth that members of royalty use their pinky when drinking, I have never seen that happen once."  Whilst preparing the tea, the Queen prefers her milk to be added in last. Although, whilst stirring the beverage the spoon must not hit the sides of the fine china teacup. Myka Meier, who trained under a former member of the royal household and worked as an etiquette expert on hit ITV series Downton Abbey, revealed to The Glam Pad a step-by-step guide to drinking like a royal. She said: "Teacups, as with glasses, are set to the right of the place setting, with the handle facing three o’clock. If you are left-handed, it’s up to you to turn it to nine o’clock to hold with your left hand. "To hold a teacup, pinch your thumb and index finger together through the handle. Then support the length of the handle with your middle finger. Tuck your ring and pinky finger into your hand. Pinkies are never out!  "If the cup is heavy, you may use the index and middle finger on your other hand to support the other side of the cup. "Saucers remain on the table while sitting. You would only hold a saucer if there is no table to place it on, or if you were walking around with a teacup, you would hold a saucer to catch any drips. "Hold the saucer in the palm of your left hand, if you’re right-handed, and in your right, if you’re left-handed. "The teaspoon, once used, is placed on the right side of the saucer, beneath the handle. Any sugar wrappers or lemon rinds may be placed on the upper left area of the saucer." 