Chelsea defender Ben Chilwell has been criticised by the RSPCA after footage emerged of the England international playing tug of war with a tiger in a zoo. The defender is currently nursing a knee injury that has ruled him out since November. The Sun released the footage of Chilwell and three friends taking part in an attraction called the ‘Tiger Tug’ whilst on holiday in Florida. The former Leicester City star is seen smiling as he tries to outmuscle a caged white tiger. Animal protection society RSPCA has condemned the clip of Chilwell and his friends pulling on the same rope that is in the mouth of the tiger. They said: “We don’t feel this activity promotes respect for these wild animals and should not be marketed for public entertainment. “Zoos often state that their aim is to educate the public and have a positive influence on visitor behaviour in ways that will directly benefit conservation. Whilst we understand zoos which do this may feel that a ‘tug-of-war’ provides physical enrichment for big cats, there are many alternative ways of doing this.” READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel sent Conor Gallagher warning by Southgate Chilwell hasn’t played for Chelsea since the Blues’ Champions League match against Juventus in November and is expected to be ruled out for the remainder of the season despite returning to training recently. Of course, there are concerns amongst some fans that the fullback could reaggravate his injury by participating in activities like the aforementioned. The Blues have not commented on the clip yet, nor have the player’s representatives. It remains to be seen if the RSPCA’s remarks prompt a response from either party. DON'T MISS: Chelsea's Conor Gallagher stance may help Tottenham offload midfielder (INSIGHT)Chelsea fans will be excited by Lampard claim made about Gallagher (NEWS)Chelsea boss Tuchel could hand Man Utd boost with Gallagher stance (ANALYSIS) There was no suggestion in the clip that the tiger was being physically harmed by playing tug of war, nor that he was being mistreated. The clip of Chilwell comes just weeks after West Ham’s Kurt Zouma was reprimanded after being filmed abusing his cat in disturbing footage which showed him kicking and throwing the animal whilst laughing. The RSPCA did step in to take both of Zouma’s cats away from him and are pressing charges against the defender, with the Hammers also fining the former Chelsea player for his actions as well, though he was not frozen out of the team by manager David Moyes. It has since been revealed that West Ham donated the money that Zouma was fined of to nine different animal charities.