Set in the 17th Century, The Witchfinder is a sitcom brought to viewers by the creators of Alan Partridge, the Gibbons brothers, with actor Steve Coogan as an executive producer. The comedy will be made up of six episodes with the first airing on Tuesday, March 8, at 10pm on BBC Two. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of The Witchfinder. Gideon Bannister is the witchfinder himself, a pompous man who is failing in his career, despite him being in a time dominated by superstition. This is until he comes across a suspected witch and decides to take her to trial, travelling across East Anglia, in a bid to win back respect as well as a small fortune. Actor and comedian Tim Key is best known as Alan Partridge's sidekick Simon in the series Alpha Papa, Mid Morning Matters and This Time. He has also been in The End of the F***ing World, Pls Like, Brassic and Gap Year. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell Thomasine was suspected of being a witch after she was accused of killing a pig. As a result, she is being taken to trial by Gideon but she doesn't make the journey easy for him, probing him with questions he doesn't want to answer. Actress and comedian Daisy May Cooper starred in and co-wrote BBC Three comedy This Country where she played Kerry Mucklowe. Some of her other roles have been in Avenue 5, Doc Martin, Brides of Satan and The Personal History of David Copperfield. Actress Jessica Hynes plays a character referred to as Old Myers who is simply described as having "bad teeth". Hynes is a very familiar face when it comes to British TV, having starred in a plethora of sitcoms over the years. These have included The Royle Family, WIA, Hooten and the Lady, Twenty Twelve, According to Bex, Staying Alive and Years and Years. She was one of the creators, writers and actresses in the 1999 comedy Spaced. DON'T MISS...Camilla Cabello suffers wardrobe malfunction on The One Show [VIDEO]Bill Bailey fights back tears in touching Sean Lock tribute [TRIBUTE]Katherine Ryan fiercely defends Jimmy Carr after backlash  [REACTION] Another star of The Royle Family to show up in The Witchfinder is Jim Royle actor Ricky Tomlinson. This is far from his only role though as he was also Bobby Grant in Brookside, DCI Charlie Wise in Cracker and the titular character in the movie Mike Bassett: England Manager. He will be taking on the role of another witchfinder called Crockett. Actress and writer Cariad Lloyd will be Dorothy, a civilian involved in getting Thomasine taken by the witchfinder. She is best known for starring in Murder in Successville but has also been in Peep Show, Lee and Dean, Out of Her Mind and I Want My Wife Back. Other cast members include: Rosie Cavaliero Daniel Rigby Allan Mustafa Seb Cardinal Dan Skinner The Witchfinder premieres on Tuesday, March 8, at 10pm on BBC Two.