Former Strictly Come Dancing professional James Jordan, 43, has shared a heartbreaking post marking the first anniversary of his father death. Allan died aged 67 after being diagnosed with a brain tumour a year before. In an emotional post shared to his followers on Twitter and Instagram, James said his dad’s passing is the “hardest thing he’s ever had to deal with”. Alongside a photo of his dad holding James’ baby daughter Ella, he penned: “Today it’s been one year since we lost my hero and dad - Allan Jordan. “The hardest thing I’ve ever had to deal with in life so far. “I still have bad days, as many of you I’m sure can relate to. READ MORE:BBC's Deborah James 'so sad' after being rushed back to hospital “I think about him all the time and will miss him till the day I die. I love you dad.” After the tribute was shared on Sunday morning, hundreds of James’ friends and followers took to the comment section to share their condolences. Ruth Langsford said: “Hold your memories close. you’ll have those forever. Sending you love.” Lisa echoed: “You will miss him until the day you die, many things happen or one of the children do things and I’ll often think, ‘I can’t wait to show my dad’ and then reality hits. But what lovely memories I’m sure you have.” And Rich penned: “It’s tough my friend, it’s not the same without them. They’re such a big part of our lives... keep strong.” James opened up about his grief as he prepared for his performance on ITV’s Strictly The Real Full Monty, which aired in December. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press at the time, James said that discussing his father’s death “upsets” him and that his wife, Ola, was also struggling with grief. When asked who from The Real Full Monty team had been moved by the emotional stories they heard, James said: “Everyone, I would say pretty much everyone at some point. DON'T MISSDemi Rose flashes derriere in tiny thong as model strips off[LATEST]‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle[INSIGHT]Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert[NEWS] "Ola today, we were supposed to do an interview on a black screen. I managed to get through mine, but I’ve done a lot of really difficult interviews already on the show, and that was her first one where she actually got asked questions. “She couldn’t even get past the first question, she couldn’t because obviously I have been speaking about my dad, and it’s very raw still. “It still feels really fresh, so for Ola, we don’t speak about it at home, I don’t talk about it. "It’s bad maybe, but I don’t want to. “I don’t want to speak about it because it just upsets me all the time, so for her today to go through that was quite hard.” James announced his dad's passing on March 13 last year in a social media post. The sad message read: "My dad became an angel at 8:05am. I will forever miss him. "My dad will always be my HERO. RIP daddy."