Arsenal have been warned they must keep Alexandre Lacazette beyond the summer by former Chelsea striker Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink. Lacazette impressed in the Gunners’ 2-0 win over Leicester on Sunday and his performance was compared to those of Harry Kane and Roberto Firmino.   The Frenchman scored the second goal in the victory, confidently dispatching a second-half penalty. However, Arsenal risk losing Lacazette at the end of the season as his contract expires in June. A fresh deal does not appear to be on the horizon and reports suggest the striker could seek a move ahead of next term. It would be a major blow for Mikel Arteta, who has already seen his striking options cut by the departure of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to Barcelona.   JUST IN: Man Utd urged to strip Harry Maguire of captaincy by former team-mate Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah’s contracts expiring in the summer means Arteta faces the prospect of losing each of the first-team strikers with whom he started the season. And Arsenal have been warned they must keep Lacazette, but only on one condition. Dutchman Hasselbaink believes the 30-year-old needs to prove he still has the ‘hunger’ to keep playing for the club. “If he keeps on playing like that, yes,” the 49-year-old told Sky Sports when asked if Arsenal should hand Lacazette, 30, a new contract.    “If he keeps that hunger in his belly, they definitely have to consider offering him a new contract.” Fellow Sky Sports pundit Jamie Redknapp added that Lacazette plays a similar role for Arsenal that Kane and Firmino do for Tottenham and Liverpool, respectively. Lacazette is often unselfish and allows the likes of Bukayo Saka, Martin Odegaard and Emile Smith Rowe to take centre-stage. Firmino does the same at Liverpool with Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane. “Lacazette is doing a really good job for the team. He is the link right now, because you need that focal point,” Redknapp said.   DON'T MISS...Ronaldo texts Morgan to boast about why he's the greatest of all timeMikel Arteta piles pressure on Arsenal stars in Champions League claim5 things we learned as Arsenal beat Leicester to move into top four “At Liverpool they have Firmino that does it, and we have almost gone past judging him for his goals because of what he does. “He comes short, and you get your runners in behind. It works perfectly, and Harry Kane does it for Tottenham as well. “Sometimes you just need that player to show and bring people in to play, but it only works if you have pace going the other way because Lacazette does not have that.”   