Merlin Griffiths, best known as the barman in Channel 4’s series First Dates, has shared an update on his health battle. The star was diagnosed with bowel cancer last year and has now opened up on his latest surgery. Back in September 2021, Merlin shared the news that a tumour was found. He was diagnosed with stage three cancer and was given a prognosis that he was unlikely to live beyond five years. The 46-year-old publicly shared the news as he detailed his plans to battle his cancer. Over the past few months, the star has been updating his fans on his cancer journey.  Taking to Twitter on Thursday, Merlin explained how he has a new surgery booked to his 42,000 followers. He wrote: “Operation scheduled. 3 weeks to get my s**t together. “Robotic surgery, welcome to the future!” The surgery in question sees doctors use a robotic system to help with keyhole surgery, according to Cancer Research UK.  They explain this allows the surgeon to sit slightly away as they watch the operation on a magnified screen. The machine has four arms, with one holding the camera, and the others holding the instruments needed for the surgery. These arms are controlled by the surgeon monitoring the operation. Following on from the update, Merlin was inundated with supportive messages from fans. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal [VIDEO]Naga Munchetty addresses BBC Breakfast absence as she slams backlash [INSIGHT]Charlene White bids farewell to broadcaster as they confirm final show [PICTURES]  Austin Ventour wrote: “Sending unlimited love Merlin. X” Julie Mcilreavy added: “Hope everything goes really well for you Merlin. “You are a credit to First Dates. A great guy who deserves nothing but the best outcome.” Jane Smith penned: “Hi Merlin, Hope it all goes well for you. “We do enjoy seeing you on the TV at the First Dates restaurant.”  While fan Evie commented: “Take it one day at a time. You've got this. “You're my fav on First Dates (don't tell Fred..). Xx” (sic) In response, he wrote: “Thank you to everyone wishing me well. X “May your lives be prosperous and filled with empathy and happiness.” 