Manchester United are reportedly hoping to reach a decision on their next manager by the end of the month amid interest in Erik ten Hag, Mauricio Pochettino and Thomas Tuchel. Ralf Rangnick was given the keys to Old Trafford on an interim basis earlier in the campaign. Yet the German isn’t set to be given the job permanently. Manchester United thought Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was on the right track to bring back the glory days when he was given a new contract back in the summer. However, the Norwegian was axed in November after a 4-1 defeat at the hands of Watford. Rangnick was then brought in on an interim basis and charged with the task of steadying the ship and achieving a top-four finish. However, United are trailing Arsenal and Tottenham at the current moment in time - with West Ham also hot on their heels. The Red Devils, behind the scenes, are continuing to weigh up their managerial options. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ten Hag is admired, having worked wonders at Ajax over the past five years with the club primed to win the Eredivisie title again. Pochettino is also rated behind the scenes, even if his time at Paris Saint-Germain hasn’t lived up to expectations. And with Chelsea currently in disarray, Tuchel has also emerged as a potential option. Now, the Daily Mail say the Red Devils want to reach a decision on their next manager by the end of the month. And they’ve set that deadline at a time where United are ‘reluctant’ to spend big money in compensation to land their next boss. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Ten Hag is the most-affordable, with Ajax unlikely to stand in the Dutchman’s way of a potential move to the Premier League. He was previously eyed by Tottenham a year ago to replace Jose Mourinho, who lost his job shortly before the Carabao Cup final in April. But Spurs ended up settling for Nuno Espirito Santo instead. Despite United’s current stance, it appears Tuchel and Pochettino are also being monitored. And what ultimately happens remains to be seen, with United focused on breaking into the top four for the time being. While United have the trio in their sights, Gary Neville has an alternative pick for his next manager. And he’s urged the club to pursue Diego Simeone, whose Atletico Madrid side beat the Red Devils in the Champions League on Tuesday night. “Diego Simeone should be a candidate,” he said. “But it’s never been achievable to get him out of Atletico Madrid. “He is wedded in there, he is tied. “But it would be brilliant to see him in the Premier League, you saw on Tuesday night, I’ve seen it many times – I got beaten 2-0 in Valencia by his brilliant Atletico Madrid team that Griezmann was in before he went to Barcelona. “Fantastic coach, brutal in how he approaches the game, I think in every single way. He’s tough, and Manchester United need a tough manager. “Manchester United need a manager who can compete with Jurgen Klopp and Pep Guardiola – they’re the best, so they need someone who can stand on that touchline and feel equal to them and I think Simeone could. “I wouldn’t rule Simeone out at all, but I think Ten Hag and Pochettino would be the way forward because they’ll want a progressive coach that plays a certain way, that probably is a little bit cheaper and available. “I don’t know how much it would cost to get Simeone out of Atletico Madrid, but Manchester United would have to pay big money.”