PSG are reportedly growing tired of Mauricio Pochettino's continued links with jobs at other clubs as pressure intensifies following their Champions League round-of-16 exit. Pochettino remains a frontrunner in Manchester United's manager search ahead of the 2022/23 season. United have started the process of identifying candidates to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's permanent successor at Old Trafford. Current interim boss Ralf Rangnick is working with football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher in the search for a long-term appointment. Ajax's Erik ten Hag is widely touted as one of the most likely options as his future in Amsterdam grows in uncertainty after Marc Overmars' exit. But despite currently boasting one of the most glamorous jobs in management, Pochettino's name refuses to leave the conversation. JUST IN: Piers Morgan orders Arsenal to beat Man Utd to Chelsea's Thomas Tuchel And after PSG's collapse against Real Madrid on Wednesday, speculation over his future and interest in the United position was rife again. The Athletic have recalled a report from November when Pochettino was linked with a Premier League return after Solskjaer's inevitable sacking. PSG weren't willing to let the Argentine coach leave at that stage in the season but were starting to 'tire' of his constant 'flirtation' with rival clubs. Those frustrations were heightened because the Ligue 1 giants significantly backed Pochettino in the summer after he held talks with Tottenham Hotspur officials. READ MORE: Liverpool's Harvey Elliot names himself and one team-mate underrated And in November, there was a feeling that PSG were open to allowing him to leave this summer once the season was over. Following the Parisiens' repeated failure to deliver in the Champions League, they may loosen that stance further amid United's maintained interest. Several reports label Pochettino as the club's first-choice candidate to become their permanent manager this summer. So the decision to appoint an interim in Rangnick was potentially in line with that desire, given they knew the ex-Tottenham boss' availability would spike in the summer. United are thought to be hoping to settle on their decision in the coming weeks, so the new manager can have an early say in plans for the summer transfer window and get to work immediately on July 1. And on Friday morning, Athletic journalist David Ornstein confirmed the club want to line up their next manager as soon as possible. He told Sky Sports: "They want to make a decision as soon as they can. I don't think it'll be too long before we get a clear idea of who's it going to be." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.