Top Boy returned with its second season of the popular smash-hit Netflix drama and Lauryn (played by Saffron Hocking) was embroiled in a nail-biting storyline involving her toxic lover Curtis (Howard Charles). After betraying the Summerhouse gang in season one, Lauryn had nowhere to turn to until meeting the Liverpudlian hard-man. Despite what viewers are led to believe, a new theory suggests the soon-to-be-mum may not be pregnant with Curtis’ baby but a dead member of the Hackney gang. WARNING This article contains spoilers from Top Boy season two  In season one, Lauryn told her then gangster boyfriend Leyton about Dushane (Ashley Walters) and Sully’s (Kane “Kano” Robinson) secrets, which involved Leyton (Kola Bokinni) trying to kill Sully while he attended a funeral. After being banished from Summerhouse, Lauryn finds solace in the arms of Curtis, who controls her as she is expecting his baby. Although it is never officially confirmed by Lauryn who her baby’s father is, Curtis justifies keeping his girlfriend locked away because of her pregnancy. Lauryn escapes Curtis through the back door of a clothes shop in Liverpool after he reluctantly lets her try some maternity clothes on without being by her side. READ MORE:Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales  A heavily pregnant Lauryn makes a run for it and manages to flag down a taxi, which drives her back to London from Liverpool. In a fit of rage, Curtis aims to get her back and goes to extreme lengths in order to do so, involving Sully and Dushane in the process. Throughout the season, Lauryn is seen pleading with her sister Jaq (Jasmine Jobson) to get her back on side with the Summerhouse gang and stresses her baby’s future is at stake. Viewers often see the star calling the child her baby but never “our baby," which could imply the father isn’t Curtis after all.  Now a recent comment on an Instagram post by Lauryn star Saffron has hinted the father could be Dris (Shone Romulus) who is now dead. While sharing a video of her modelling the fake baby bump prosthetic to fans, Saffron wrote: “It’s the walk back for me. Never quite mastered it… Still did a Usain though.” Former co-star Shone replied: “My baby mum.” Could this be a hint Dris is actually the father? Sully would be devastated to hear he'd killed Dris without him knowing about his unborn child. In season one, Dris struggled with his deteriorating health and ended up having a fit whilst on patrol during a burglary. He was then put in a compromising position when rival gang member Jermaine (Bashy) visited his daughter's school and blackmailed him into giving up Sully. Shortly after discovering his betrayal, viewers were led to believe Sully took Dris to the roof of Summerhouse and killed him. While Lauryn and Dris weren't an official couple, viewers saw them fraternising in season one so it's possible he is the father of Lauryn's baby.  