According to WXCHARTS, temperatures across the UK will see conditions turn milder. Temperatures look set to peak on the weather website at just 13C on Monday. There will be a mild increase to 15C in parts of England on Tuesday. WXCHARTS has forecast conditions to hover around 15C for the remainder of the week. Even in Scotland, which is often markedly colder than England, temperatures on Wednesday will range from 12C to 14C in the early evening. However, Sky News reports temperatures will sit between 15C and 16C on Monday. JUST IN: Freak Polar heatwave to bring 10 DAYS of hot sun to UK Conditions could then hit highs of 19C on Tuesday. Greg Dewhurst, a meteorologist from the Met Office, said there will be "plenty of sunny spells to come and temperatures will rise a little bit". He added: "This week is going to be very similar. "We're going to keep high pressure just to the east of the UK and that means it will be largely dry and settled with plenty of sunny spells. READ MORE: Warmest spring in 100 YEARS on way as Britain bakes in 70F sunshine "There is the odd exception, there could just be an isolated shower across the Midlands on Monday, perhaps northern England on Tuesday, but they're going to be very isolated and most places will be dry and sunny." The news also comes after the Met Office recorded temperatures of 20.2C in Kinlochewe, making it the warmest day of 2022 so far. The Met Office forecast said: "Chance of a little rain in the northeast for a time and in some far western parts, otherwise variable cloud and sunny spells. "Temperatures above average in the south." DON'T MISS:Putin reeling as FIFTH Russian general killed [REVEAL]Putin humiliated as cameras CUT OFF speech in front of thousands [INSIGHT]Ukraine war LIVE: Terrifying 'invisible' missile fired for first time [SPOTLIGHT] They added: "For most remaining fine and dry with some warm sunshine but chilly nights. "Cloudier in the far north with some patchy rain midweek, some low cloud near northeast coasts too."