Chelsea hero John Terry mocked Frank Lampard’s Everton as they were thumped 5-0 by Tottenham in the Premier League on Monday night. The Toffees produced a dismal display as the result left them just one point above the relegation zone. Everton fell behind after 14 minutes at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium as defender Michael Keane turned Ryan Sessegnon’s cross into his own net. Son Heung-min then doubled Spurs’ advantage as his shot went under the body of Everton goalkeeper Jordan Pickford. And Harry Kane raced clear to add a third before half-time. Former England defender Terry took to social media in the aftermath of Kane’s strike as he taunted his ex-Chelsea team-mate and the Toffees. “This could be 6,” the 41-year-old wrote on Twitter. JUST IN: Micah Richards responds to 'disrespectful' Roy Keane claim after derby   Things got worse for Lampard’s side seconds into the second period as substitute Sergio Reguilon fired home from Dejan Kulusevski's cross. And Kane put the icing on the cake as he volleyed in a fifth 10 minutes into the second period. Terry and Lampard played together for 13 years at Stamford Bridge. And the Everton boss could certainly do with a defender akin to Terry right now. Monday’s performance in the capital was another embarrassing one for Everton, who have been in terrible form since October. DON'T MISS Man Utd's £175m mistake is Rangnick's main problem - not Ronaldo Roy Keane calls out two Man Utd stars in Man City loss - 'Frustrating' Man City beat Man Utd: Four things we learned from derby clash     Previous manager Rafa Benitez lasted just six-and-a-half months before being sacked in January after the team went on a run where they won just once in 13 Premier League matches. But Lampard hasn’t fared much better as he has lost four of his five top-flight matches since taking charge. And the Merseysiders have conceded a staggering 11 goals in those four defeats. Everton need to buck their ideas up if they are to turn their fortunes around in the coming weeks. Basement side Norwich are just five points behind Lampard’s team, and the Toffees could soon find themselves staring the Championship in the face.   And former Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher thinks relegation could be a realistic proposition for Everton. “They started okay in the first 10 minutes and were putting pressure on Spurs,” Carragher told Monday Night Football. “But when you talk about a team being too good to go down, that is because you maybe look at Everton’s strikers. “But this back four is a Championship back four - there is no doubt about it.” Everton will be desperate to make up for their dreadful performance in north London when they welcome Wolves to Goodison Park on Sunday, before hosting Newcastle four days later.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here