A new F1 season starts today with new cars, new drivers and a new World Champion. Max Verstappen will be looking to get straight back to winning ways after taking the 2021 title in what was one of the most exciting and controversial seasons ever. Having been pipped to the post on the very last lap in Abu Dhabi, Lewis Hamilton will be hoping to get revenge on his arch-rival and those wanting to watch the action live will need to sign up for Sky contract with the firm containing to have exclusive rights to all of the races. SEE THE BEST SKY SPORTS DEALS BELOW. It's set to be a great first race with a new breed of cars helping the drivers to get closer which should mean plenty of overtakes and wheel-to-wheel action. The big shock of yesterday was that Red Bull didn't dominate qualifying with Charles Leclerc's Ferrari taking pole and Carlos Sainz sitting in third - Verstappen took second. As expected, the Mercedes team struggled with Lewis Hamilton and George Russell in fifth and ninth/ Speaking after qualifying Charles Leclerc said: "It feels good. The last years have been incredibly difficult for the team and we were hoping these new rules would be an opportunity for us and we have worked incredibly hard to be in a position to fight for better places." If you'd like to watch all the action from the latest race in the 2022 season then you'll need access to Sky Sports - and we've got full details on how to get access to a Sky F1 stream below. HOW TO WATCH THE BAHRAIN GP Sky Sports F1 has all the action live from the Bahrain International Circuit with subscribers able to tune in via channel 406 with pre-race coverage starting from 1.30pm and the red lights going out at 3pm. If you use Virgin to watch Sky then you'll find the action on channel 506. Everything is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app which is available for both Android and iOS devices It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use Sky Go due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a Sky subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). You can find some of the best options below... Sky Go is also available on a number of platforms including Amazon Fire devices, iPad, Mac computers and laptops, PlayStation 3, PS4 and Xbox One. The Sky Sports app, available to download on iOS and Android devices, will also be providing live text coverage and updates. If you're not currently a Sky Sports customer but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a NOW membership. Day passes, which let you add Sky Sports channels for 24 hours, start at £9.98 a day. A monthly pass costs £33.99 and you can cancel anytime. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Don't forget that Channel Four has all the highlights of the race, but it will be shown a bit later on at 7.30pm.