Charlene, 44, has been absent from public life for almost four months as she continues to receive medical care. The former Olympic swimmer checked into a treatment facility outside Monaco in November. It came after she returned to the principality from a six-month stay in South Africa, where she was raised. The princess collapsed in public during her visit to the country and was also treated for an ear, nose and throat infection. The deputy editor of Royal Central discussed Charlene’s recovery and how her health difficulties may be affecting the Monaco Royal Family with Express.co.uk She said: “They did go see her around Christmas. We don’t know if they’ve been able to go see her around her birthday or not. “So, I’m sure she’s wanting to get better as soon as she can so she can be with them. “I can’t imagine at that age having my mum gone for that long. “That would be difficult. That would be difficult for any child. “They are going to obviously be asking questions.” She added: “She definitely has to be missing her kids. You can tell how much she loves and adores her kids. It was unclear if Charlene did manage to see her children for her 44th birthday on January 25. However, she did mark her special day by reposting a video from her Princess Charlene Foundation South Africa. The organisation raises awareness of the dangers of water and promotes swimming as a life-saving skill. DON'T MISS: 'Level of cruelty' Queen and Royal Family sensationally accused of failing to help Harry [LATEST]Royal Family: ‘William lowest I’d seen him’ Prince's Harry and Meghan anguish exposed [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Do YOU support Prince Charles' plans to 'slim down' the British monarchy? [ANALYSIS] Ms Barger claimed the princess would hope to be able to enjoy the celebrations for National Day in November – arguably one of the biggest dates in Monaco’s royal calendar. She said: “If she is back in time, I think she will definitely be there for the balcony appearance for National Day in November. “I think we can all hope she will be back for that. With not knowing exactly what is wrong with her, it is hard to say. “But I think we can all hope that she will be back by then because she is a mother.” The journalist also claimed the princess is likely to be keeping in touch with the twins via video calls. She said: “The good thing about today’s time is, we do have FaceTime, so they will be able to see her face to face that way. “Whereas when I was growing up, we didn’t have that. We didn’t even have cell phones.” She added: “So, I think that will help make things easier, but nothing is going to replace being there with their mother in person.”