 ITV soap fans have been hoping Manpreet Sharma (played by Rebecca Sarker) and Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin) will get their happy ending in Emmerdale after having suffered a lot over the past year. Earlier this year Manpreet was tortured and held hostage by her villainous sister Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu). Manpreet soon uncovered the truth that Meena had murdered several people in the village. Thankfully, Meena’s now been caught and charged with varying crimes including murder. However, according to official soap spoilers, Manpreet will soon start to struggle with her mental health as her sister’s day in court arrives. Could Manpreet be given a devastating health diagnosis?   In upcoming scenes on Emmerdale, Manpreet feels anxious as she awaits Meena’s plea hearing. She’s apprehensive to know that Charles and Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson) cannot discuss Meena’s confession in court, placing all the pressure on her shoulders. When the day of Meena’s hearing finally arrives, the serial killer is perturbed by the meagre turnout. However, she still tries her best to unnerve the small audience she has in the courtroom. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot?    The villagers in court are left stunned when Meena pleads guilty to the first of her many charges. But, will she plead guilty to everything or could she continue to deny some of the murders? Later on, Manpreet’s anxiety overwhelms her and she suffers a panic attack as the pressure of having to testify against her villainous sister becomes too much. Utterly distressed by the feelings she’s experiencing, Manpreet races off in her car without telling anyone where she’s going. Disappearing into the night, she soon abandons both her phone and car.    Rebecca Sarker, who plays Manpreet in the soap, spoke about her character’s future in a recent interview with Express.co.uk and other press. The actress hinted Manpreet’s panic attack could lead her to a “dark” frame of mind. Detailing how Manpreet feels, Rebecca explained: “She wants to lose herself figuratively and literally. “She doesn't want that weight on her shoulders. She says ‘I don't want to be me anymore’. DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip's Tim Wonnacott staggered by tea set's profit [WATCH]‘Not realistic at all!’ Our House viewers fume over ‘plot hole’ [MUST SEE]Death in Paradise star shares first impression of ‘crazy’ newcomer [INSIGHT]   "That’s quite a dark place to be and it's unfamiliar territory, mentally, for her. “I think, as I said, she's got this possibly PTSD,” the soap star added. The actress suggested Manpreet could have unknowingly been suffering from PTSD ever since the events of the disastrous adventure weekend. “It's just been one calamity after another and I think she just feels trapped by the situation and the circumstances,” Rebecca commented.    She went on to explain how Manpreet feels while suffering her intense panic attack. Rebecca said: “It’s a frightening thing. You feel like you're choking. You feel like you're clinging on to life, you know? “It's very, very, very frightening, I think,” the soap star added. As Manpreet struggles with her PTSD and panic attacks, could she end up needing professional health? As someone who works in the medical field, Manpreet may reach out to her colleagues for help. Could she soon get an official diagnosis for her mental health struggles? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV. 