Harry Redknapp has questioned his nephew Frank Lampard over the non-selection of Dele Alli against former club Tottenham on Monday. Lampard watched his Everton side get thrashed 5-0 by Tottenham in north London. The Toffees are now just one point clear of the Premier League relegation zone. Alli started on the bench but received a warm welcome from the Spurs supporters when he came on with 20 minutes of the match remaining. The 25-year-old joined Everton in January for a fee that could eventually rise to £40million. He is yet to start in an Everton shirt, with his five appearances to date all coming as a substitute. And Redknapp has questioned Lampard's decision to not pick him on Monday. JUST IN: Abramovich destroyed in stunning rant as Chelsea owner blamed for Man Utd demise  He told talkSPORT: “What’s happened to Dele Alli? Frank brought him in and was so excited about signing him, there’s got to be something wrong with what he’s doing as he can’t get in the team. “He goes back to Tottenham last night and it’s almost embarrassing. He was such a big player and when you go back to your old club you don’t want to sit on the bench. “You want to show them what you can do. He’s done nothing since he’s been there. “I’ve been one of his biggest fans, but there’s a few of them that need to start performing as they are in desperate trouble.” DON'T MISSManchester United warned of shameful Ralf Rangnick repeat if they hire Erik ten Hag [QUOTES]Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has problems with six players for Inter Milan clash [NEWS]Barcelona draw up three-man priority shortlist that would complete ridiculous XI [RUMOUR]  Everton received big criticism from Jamie Carragher after the final whistle on Monday. And Redknapp has now joined in, claiming recruitment has been the main problem for the Merseysiders. “They are just a very poor group of players,” Redknapp added. "I watched it on TV and Jamie Carragher said it was a Championship back four. “If you go through, man-for-man, it’s a poor outfit. They’ve recruited badly, got no legs in midfield, the little boy Allan can’t run and get around the pitch.  “It’s only the young lad [Anthony Gordon] who showed any life and played with some energy. “They really are a poor outfit. You look at their managers, they’ve had Champions League winning managers. [Carlo] Ancelotti couldn’t get a tune out of the club, Rafa Benitez the same. “They’ve gone through good managers. The recruitment has just been shocking at the club. “They are average players, average characters. Frank has his work cut out. If he keeps them up then he’s done very well because they are in desperate trouble.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here