Vigil season two is likely to be a huge hit on the BBC as the British Navy TV drama offered a nail-biting first series. The six-episode first season on BBC One left viewers on the edge of their seats with its dramatic twists and turns. But will the story continue into a second outing? Vigil kept viewers hooked on Sunday evenings as the mystery behind the killing of Chief Petty Officer Craig Burke (played by Martin Compston) continued to unravel. Detective Amy Silva (Suranne Jones) was closer than ever to discovering what happened, but she ran into trouble in the penultimate episode. Luckily for fans, there has been talk of a potential second season and Anjli Mohindra, who plays medical officer Tiffany Docherty, suggested the possibility. Speaking to Radio Times, she said: "I think there’s stuff on the horizon, but nothing confirmed just yet." READ MORE: Endeavour actor Shaun Evans admits Vigil is ‘My idea of hell!’ Fans will be delighted to hear the series was officially renewed for a second season on March 22, 2022. The first outing aired on August 29, so if the series is renewed, fans can hope for a late 2022 release date. Writer Tom Edge suggested new avenues could be explored, saying: "Some of the characters that we have developed as we’ve made it, they feel like characters that we’d love to burrow into. "So if there’s a will to do it from everyone else then certainly I would be up for it.” Jones' character's life was left hanging in the balance, but she is likely to feature in another season in some form or another. Fans are also keen to find out more about her partner back on land, Kirsten Longacre (Rose Leslie), who has been investigating potential whistleblowing following a Navy cover-up operation. There are also many characters on Vigil that viewers would like to get to know further, including Captain Neil Newsome (Paterson Joseph) and coxswain Elliot Glover (Shaun Evans). Endeavour actor Evans recently opened up about how the series is his "idea of hell", adding: "I could not think of anything worse!" DON'T MISS... Vigil fans furious as The One Show air clips from BBC drama [DISCUSSION]Vigil star Suranne Jones details why she'd turn down Line of Duty role [INSIGHT]Suranne Jones' husband fumes at criticism of her BBC show Vigil [DISCUSSION] The season one finale wrapped up the investigation into the deaths of Burke and cook Jackie Hamilton (Anita Vettesse). A second season could follow a new case entirely, or it could go into further detail about previous events the Navy had tried to cover up. A second season will also give viewers the chance to find out more about characters' backstories - for example, how Burke came to find out so many secrets about Vigil and its crew. Fans took to Twitter to express their desire for a second season, with Twiigy saying: "I need a season 2 of #vigil with Amy and Kirsten together catching bad guys in Glasgow."  