Woodwork expert Will Kirk recently announced he and his wife Polly Snowdon are expecting their first child together. During an appearance on Wednesday's Morning Live, presenter Gethin Jones told the craftsman "loads" of questions had been sent in from viewers about the BBC star becoming a father. An excited Will then revealed the sweet handmade item he is planning to gift his child when they are born. Gethin began: "The Repair Shop is back, it's brilliant, it's always emotional and it gets better and better this show." Will replied: "I know, I love being there so much, but obviously not as much as I love being here Gethin. "But yes a new series of The Repair Shop is back in the afternoons and there is plenty more good stuff to come." Before Gethin got onto asking Will questions about the new series, he asked him about becoming a father. READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star? "We have loads of questions about you becoming a father, you have lots of fans Will," Gethin remarked. He asked whether Will was planning on making any pieces of furniture for his baby when they arrive into the world. Will smiled: "People keep asking me this. As much as I would love to do something quite big I don't have the time. "However, I have been [making] some wooden toys. I have started making an elephant."  The screen zoomed in on a hand-sized wooden elephant which had been carved by Will in his spare time away from The Repair Shop. The 36-year-old told his 162,000 Instagram followers he and Polly were expecting a child on Sunday. He shared a photograph of himself beaming at the camera while holding a mug with “papa” written on it. Will wrote: “A new mug to add to my collection this summer. We are so excited for our new little arrival and to extend our family.” DON'T MISS...Why is The Repair Shop not on tonight? [LATEST]Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role [INTERVIEW]‘We are so excited!’ The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk announces baby news [UPDATE]  His fans were overjoyed by the news and more than a thousand people commented to share their well-wishes to the happy couple. The Repair Shop presenter Jay Blades penned: “Congratulations all three of you.” Will’s co-star Kirsten Ramsay added: “Congratulations to you both.” Furniture restorer Will tied the knot with Polly last year having had to cancel their 2020 wedding due to coronavirus restrictions.    Will has become a fan favourite on The Repair Shop where he regularly assists guests by restoring their prized possessions. He is often spotted working alongside Suzie Fletcher, Steve Fletcher and Amanda Middleditch. The dad-to-be first appeared on television in 2013's The French Collection, on Channel 4, but he has featured on The Repair Shop since 2017. The Repair Shop airs on BBC One.  