Robert Rinder, 43, has been continuing his humanitarian efforts as he recently announced that he was heading to collect more than 50 orphans from war-torn Ukraine. Judge Rinder has been facing a "bureaucratic nightmare" for his efforts, after previously attending the Ukraine border to help his former Strictly partner Oksana Platero's family members. The ITV star took to Twitter yesterday to share an update on his latest humanitarian mission. Working with Save A Child, he is stepping up his efforts and yesterday the telly judge announced he is on his way to Poland. In view of his 201,800 followers he penned: "On the way to Warsaw to collect 52 orphans and their carers from @DniproKids with @SaveaChildUK. "My role? Connecting these amazing charities to @MDAUK_ and @VirginAtlantic who have provided the plane. READ MORE: ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home "Privilege is what you can do & who can reach in power to help others." However, later on in the day, Robert posted a "nightmare" update during his latest efforts. He said: "Update. LONDON: We’re in the midst of a bureaucratic nightmare. "A document (permission was granted) is now required from the Ukrainian Authorities to give to the Polish Authorities to give to the British Authorities to let the flight go. This in the midst of a war. @MorawieckiM." In a separate message, he said his supporters had been "let down" by the authorities. He penned: "You've been let down today. As have the 52 orphans and carers waiting for promised sanctuary in the UK." Robert then admitted that the "final paperwork" did not "arrive in time" for the flight, but the children and carers were "safe in a hotel". The ITV star took to Twitter on Friday to share heartbreaking photos of his reunion with his former Strictly dance partner Oksana's family, after they escaped war-torn Ukraine. DON'T MISS... Ruth Langsford gives update as procedure leaves her with 'scabby' skin [HEALTH] Piers Morgan slams 'little twerp' Prince Harry for 'bleating' amid war [OPINION] Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful cow' [COMMENT] Robert, with his experience, took it upon himself to offered support and assistance to the professional dancer's family and he travelled to the Ukraine and Polish border. He finally managed to track down Oksana’s grandmother and aunt who had been displaced by the war. Sharing the photos of their reunion on Instagram the caption read: "Oksana’s family: Auntie Lidya and Grandma Zoya. "We managed to reach them this morning with a wheelchair & some medical supplies.. Despite having nearly nothing.. they are ‘grateful for everything’." Both images showed Rob, Lidya, and Zoya in tears with many followers commenting on how "heartbreaking" the images were to see. Presenter Gaby Roslin commented: "This is heartbreaking but you bring hope and spread kindness. "You are an inspiration my darling friend." Social media user hatdorable said: "Utterly heartbreaking however you are an inspiration and making such a huge difference thank you for everything you’re doing."