Verstappen has warned Mercedes “will be there as well” despite a tricky test for the German manufacturer. Red Bull and Verstappen set the fastest lap time of the Bahrain pre-season test on the final day after installing upgrades to the car. Meanwhile, Mercedes struggled with porpoising issues with both drivers playing down their chances. However, the reigning champion has hit back at Mercedes when asked which teams will be competitive this season.He said: “At the moment it's a bit tricky to say. We have only been testing and we don’t really know about the others.“The ones that look very comfortable and always quick is definitely Ferrari. But we are sure Mercedes will be there as well. READ MORE: Max Verstappen claims Lewis Hamilton should get over 2021 title loss “So I think yeah the top teams have done a very good job in the winter. But the cars are still so new that over a season now the development race is going to be really important.”After the test, Hamilton claimed his Mercedes would “not be fighting for wins” in the opening part of the season. His new team-mate George Russell backed up the comments, warning the “performance isn’t there”.Russell even claimed Mercedes were a “step behind our rivals” after Red Bull and Ferrari impressed. Verstappen’s comments come just days after Verstappen first suggested he did not buy into Mercedes' comments. DON'T MISSMercedes' 'illegal’ mirrors still on Hamilton's car [INSIGHT]Martin Brundle has Lewis Hamilton 'suspicion' about Max Verstappen [ANALYSIS]Mercedes boss Wolff teases rivals with 'truth' comment before Bahrain [COMMENT] He said: “If someone is doing well or a team that everyone expects to do well, then it’s: 'Oh no, we're definitely not the favourite. And then a week later, when things do go well, all of a sudden it's: 'Oh no, but we turned it around completely within a week. "Not normal, unbelievable work. Thanks to all people in the factory!”However, the Dutchman seems up for the challenge of a new title battle in 2022.He added: “What F1 needs is more teams at the front fighting for wins. Slowly I think we are getting to that. But hopefully these new regulations will really give it that boost.“You’ll have more drivers from every team fighting because that’s what you like, right, different characters fighting each other for the win.”