Red Bull will splash a seven-figure sum on reducing the weight of their RB18 challenger in time for next month's Emilia Romagna Grand Prix, according to reports. The Austrian outfit have endured a mixed start to the new Formula One season but will be hoping to remain in the fight with Ferrari to achieve Constructors' Championship glory ahead of Mercedes at the end of the campaign. Red Bull got off on the wrong foot after a hugely disappointing weekend at the season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix, with Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez both being forced to retire late on after suffering identical fuel system issues. They enjoyed a better time of things in Saudi Arabia, though, with the former clinching his first victory of the new year after passing Charles Leclerc at the end of a titanic battle for the lead.However, it seems as though Red Bull are in no mood to lie down and will spend heavily in order to move ahead of Ferrari in terms of outright performance in the near future. They will reduce the weight of their car by around eight kilograms before racing at Imola in a move which is expected to see them gain around two-tenths of a second per lap, according to Motorsport.com.It is said that Red Bull's planned weight reduction will cost the team around £212,000 per kilogram, which means that a spending total of around £1.7million will be required to achieve the desired effect. Helmut Marko has already suggested that Red Bull may even be quicker than Ferrari at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix if their plans to upgrade the RB18 are successful. JUST IN: Red Bull 'looked closely' at Hamilton to help Verstappen win Saudi GP "Ferrari is a car that has always proved to be fast, in all conditions and regardless of asphalt temperatures or tires," said Marko. "Our machine is certainly more complex to fine-tune, but in Imola we will present ourselves with a weight loss. This should give us a significant advantage in terms of timing."Meanwhile, it seems as though Mercedes are planning a major upgrade of their own after falling adrift of Red Bull and Ferrari during the early stages of the new season. The Silver Arrows will bring a new rear wing to next weekend's Australian Grand Prix in an attempt to solve their early problems with drag, according to Auto Motor und Sport. Lewis Hamilton and George Russell have been unable to lay a glove on their Constructors' Championship rivals over the course of the season to date and will be desperately hoping for things to improve at Mercedes over the coming weeks and months. The former recently insisted that he will have little to no chance of winning a record-breaking eighth Drivers' Championship title this year unless the German team manage to right their wrongs as a matter of urgency."We are so far off the guys ahead, it feels like a long way away," Hamilton told reporters after sealing a 10th-placed finish in Saudi Arabia. "We need more grip, we need more power. We’re still really down on speed and it’s just not one fix, it’s several things." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE