Ned (played by Ben Hall) has been drifting away from his girlfriend, Amy Greenwood (Jacinta Stapleton), in recent weeks on Neighbours as she put the brakes on their romance following the arrival of her troublesome daughter, Zara Selwyn (Freya Van Dyke). Therefore, it was only a matter of time before he decided he was going to move on with someone else but what he might not have thought about was telling his lover. In the typical style of the Channel 5 soap, Amy might find out when it's too late and her boyfriend is going to become a father to the baby of the woman he got pregnant. The drama begins in next week's episodes of the weekday serial drama as Ned gets lost during a holiday to the River Bend, which he goes on with several other Ramsay Street favourites. He isn't completely alone as he abandons the group as Harlow Robinson (Jemma Donovan) is with him, a character he has grown closer to in recent episodes. As they lose their whereabouts, they try to get a signal on their phones but realise they are in the middle of nowhere and there is no chance of someone coming to their rescue. Concern for the missing characters becomes greater following the hostage situation involving Levi Canning (Richie Morris) and newcomer, Gareth Bateman (Jack Pearson). Amy is one of the first on the scene after the shootout and she wants to know where her boyfriend is but doesn't realise he's gone off with Harlow. READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot? Needing some help to find Ned, Amy recruits Toadie Rebecchi (Ryan Maloney) to join her on her mission and they set off into the night. As the air turns cold and needing some warmth, Ned and Harlow cuddle up as they continue to find their way back to the group. It's not too long until they end up at a waterfall and in the midst of the romantic setting, the pair give in to their chemistry. What soon starts off as a kiss quickly turns into the beginnings of an affair as the youngsters have some fun together. They are not caught out but they do make it back to Ramsay Street with the rest of the holidaymakers, all shocked by the events of the trip. It becomes clear to Amy that Ned seems no longer interested in their relationship, not realising he has betrayed her by sleeping with Harlow. When she decides to confront her boyfriend about his coldness towards her, he fails to give her the answers she wants to hear. As Amy is left in a dilemma, Ned tells Kyle Canning (Chris Milligan) everything that happened between him and Harlow. Knowing something needs to be done, Zara, steps into the picture as she pleads with Ned to give her mother another chance. He really isn't feeling being in a relationship with her anymore but when Amy pulls off a huge romantic gesture, he is blown away. DON'T MISS...Eddie Boxshall pens emotional post to ex-fiancee Denise Van Outen [COMMENT]Prince Harry criticised for 'navel-gazing' Ukraine statement [COMMENT]Harry Redknapp health: Star was left 'properly worried' after scare [COMMENT] Ned happily agrees to give their romance another go, pushing Harlow to the side and failing to tell Amy what happened. Blissfully unaware of her boyfriend's betrayal, Amy will carry on with her life as normal but she could be in for a massive shock if Harlow turns up at her door with some news. Instead of going to Ned first, Harlow could be so hurt by being rejected she could tell Amy she is pregnant and fly to London before she's thrown into the fallout. It's been known for some time Harlow was going to visit her auntie in the English Capital later this year so this could be the perfect time for her to go. Back in Erinsborough, Ned would know Harlow isn't lying as they did sleep together quite recently and he has been the only person interested in her for a while. When she does return from London, Harlow could come back to a very different Ramsay Street as Ned and Amy could finally have split up. Ned would want answers from Harlow as to why she decided to drop such a bombshell before suddenly leaving and why she didn't go to him first. As they talk things through, the pair could agree they are going to co-parent and have this baby as they feel they're ready to have a child. After years of their families also being at war with each other, this baby could be the thing to bring the Willis and the Robinson clans together forever. But will the arrival of the baby also bring its parents closer together again? Taking to Twitter in response to the storyline, viewer Anvi wrote: "I think Harlow and Ned make a lush couple #Neighbours." Let's All Have A Disco posted: "Anyone else think Ned and Harlow seem to be getting rather cosy? #neighbours." Claire added: "Just seen a trailer for next week’s #Neighbours. Was that Ned and Harlow making doe eyes at each other?! Can’t say I saw that one coming!" Eileen remarked: "Harlow and Ned is there a little spark between them? Well, they aren’t related. Harlow is a Robinson and Ned is a Willis. #Neighbours." Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 5:30pm on Channel 5.