However, concerns have been raised that the increase in payment rate will not be enough to combat the UK’s skyrocketing inflation. Earlier today, the Bank of England confirmed that inflation has risen to a new 30-year high of 6.2 percent in the year to February 2022. Despite this hike in inflation, benefit payments from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) will not be going up by a similar amount. From April 2022, inflation-linked benefits will rise by 3.1 percent in line with the Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation rate from September 2021. Earlier today, Rishi Sunak issued his Spring Statement and offered the Government’s Budget changes for 2022. During the speech in the House of Commons, the Chancellor outlined plans to raise the National Insurance threshold and cut fuel duty by 5p. However, Mr Sunak did not announce any hike to Universal Credit payments which the Government has done previously during times of crisis. Sarah Coles, a senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said: “People on low incomes have nowhere to go as prices rise, so the decision not to raise Universal Credit will come as a bitter blow. “The lower your income, the bigger the percentage of it you spend on essentials, and the harder it is to cut costs when prices rise. “Those on Universal Credit have a nightmare trying to make ends meet as prices rise through the roof and benefits are set to rise just 3.1 percent.” READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim In light of the pending 3.1 percent rise to Universal Credit, the DWP benefit payment will: Imran Hussain, director of policy and campaigns at Action for Children, outlined what is at stake for many families which rely on vital benefits, such as Universal Credit. Mr Hussain said: “Many of the families we work with saw their financial situation destabilised by the pandemic, and now this is being compounded by a dramatic rise in energy bills and food prices, which are only going to get worse with the war in Ukraine and a rise in inflation. “We’re urging the Treasury to honour their ‘build back better’ agenda by prioritising practical support for those of us on low incomes, this must include increasing the value of benefits to keep up with surging inflation.” Dan Paskins, the director of UK Impact at Save the Children, emphasised that benefit payments need to be raised in line with, or at least close to, the rate of inflation for households to make ends meet. He explained: “For months, parents have been telling us that rising prices are making life almost unbearable. “Although they’re doing all they can to shield their children from the impacts, these families are running out of options. They need the chancellor to step in and help. “Tweaks to fuel duty or National Insurance won’t be enough. Already, we’re hearing that children are going without meals so that the heating can stay on or feeling hungry at school because the food budget is spread so thin. “The Chancellor must not allow children to bear the brunt of the current crisis. Families need direct support through the social security system, starting with a benefits increase of at least seven percent to match the rate at which prices are increasing. “Anything less will spell another real-terms cut to families’ incomes and children will pay the price.” Prior to Rishi Sunak’s Spring Statement today, Jack Leslie, the senior economist at the Resolution Foundation, added: “Another sharp rise in inflation last month offers a foretaste of the huge income squeeze coming this year, with inflation likely to hit at least 8 per cent this spring – which could be the highest it’s been in 40 years – along with a second spike this autumn. “This prolonged period of high inflation – which millions of people have simply never experienced before – is a complete disaster for living standards. “It will mean pay packets continuing to shrink, along with vital income support such as Universal Credit and the state pension. “The Chancellor will need to set out a bold response to this cost of living crisis in his Spring Statement today, starting with ensuring that benefits keep pace with inflation over the coming 12 months, rather than shrink by £10billion as they are currently on course to do.” A spokesperson for the Department for Work and Pensions said: “We know this has been a challenging time for many people, which is why we’re providing support worth around £12billion this financial year and next, to help households with the cost of living. “This includes putting an average of £1,000 more per year into the pockets of working families via changes to Universal Credit and boosting the minimum wage by more than £1000 a year for full-time workers.”