The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrived in Belize on Saturday night, marking the start of their Caribbean trip. However, the royal couple had to cancel a visit to the Akte‘il Ha cacao farm in Indian Creek after residents protested against it. It comes as they undertake a tour of Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas — three of the Commonwealth nations — which is seen as an attempt to drum up support for the monarchy and persuade other countries not to follow Barbados by choosing to become a republic. The trip is one of four tours being undertaken by senior royals in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Kate and William have become integral members of the Firm and have been taking on more responsibility since the departure of Prince Harry, Meghan Markle, Prince Andrew and Prince Philip — and the recent ill health of the Queen. Since joining the Royal Family, the Duchess of Cambridge has become one of the Firm’s greatest assets. The Duchess is now one of the public’s most popular royals, routinely ranking in the top three, falling only behind the Queen and, on occasion, her husband. She is particularly admired for her commitment to the family and William. The royal couple have been married since 2011. Penny Thornton, Princess Diana’s astrologer, told a documentary at the time that William found a “maternal bond” in Kate and that there are three key points that will guarantee a lasting marriage. She said: “He’s definitely found a maternal bond with her [Kate] and I think provided that lasts — and he feels cosseted, and adored and he has that kind of wonderful connectedness with her — the marriage will be long, happy, faithful, all those things.” Diana’s biographer, Richard Morton added: “She’s been very loyal to him, very supportive, and for a kid from a broken home — which is afterall what William is — he’s always yearned towards the stable and towards the steady.” Kate has also become a reliable figure for other members of the family — including the Queen. As the Queen celebrates 70 years on the throne, she has taken a step back from royal engagements. A source told the Daily Mail in January that the Queen “hugely values her [Kate] support, and will rely on her more than ever.” DON'T MISS:Queen absolutely 'thrilled' after monarch treated to special LA visit [REPORT] Queen almost ran out of money before ‘generous’ deal saved Firm [INSIGHT] Princess Beatrice's stepson Wolfie in heartbreaking remark [ANALYSIS] The Cambridge’s current tour comes at a critical time for the Royal Family’s relationship with the Commonwealth, as several nations are considering severing ties with the monarchy. Their trip to Belize had been opposed by demonstrators due to a dispute over "contested property" between residents of Indian Creek village and Flora and Fauna International (FFI), the conservation charity that William supports as patron. The landing site for the couple’s helicopter reportedly caused further problems amid claims village residents were not consulted about the location, which is on the local football pitch, according to local Belize media outlet Channel 7. Regarding yesterday’s cancelled event, a Kensington Palace spokeswoman said: "We can confirm that due to sensitive issues involving the community in Indian Creek, the visit has been moved to a different location - further details will be provided in due course." The Belize government said in a statement: "Indian Creek was one of several sites being considered. “Due to issues in the village, the Government of Belize activated its contingency planning and another venue has been selected to showcase Maya family entrepreneurship in the cacao industry." Highlights of the couple's tour will see them take to the waters for a sailing regatta in the Bahamas and in Jamaica, the Cambridges are due to celebrate the island's musical and sporting heritage.