The Queen, who is due to celebrate her 96th birthday on April 21, has struggled with her health in recent months. Her ill health has meant that other members of the Royal Family have had to attend a number of events on her behalf. Although the event is "scheduled in her diary", fears grow for Her Majesty's attendance at the upcoming State Opening of Parliament event that is set to take place in May. Speaking to Australian TV broadcaster 9Honey, royal reporter Natalie Oliveri said that "a number of changes have been made to suit the Queen's comfort at Parliament". The royal expert stated that some of the changes included "she no longer wears the very heavy imperial state crown" and "she takes the lift and not the stairs". She added that "Prince Charles has been at her side in the past so we could see do the Queen's speech this year" at the State Opening of Parliament event "but only time will tell". Ms Oliveri continued: "This is the big speech that lays out the government's plan for the next year". The speech is "incredibly important" for Her Majesty and she has only "missed this event twice in her 70-year reign". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: William and Kate 'overwhelmed by remorse' after 'slap in face' These absences were when she was pregnant with Prince Andrew and Prince Edward. The royal expert said: "Prince Charles could be the one to read this. "This is believed to be under a plan to have a member of the Royal Family step in or be on standby" in a case where Her Majesty is unable to attend a certain event. The State Opening of Parliament event is due to take place in London on May 10. Giving an update on Her Majesty's health, Ms Oliveri concludes by stating that "her condition is believed to be something that is prone to flare-ups and that does effect her mobility" READ MORE: GB news: Will Smith compared to Meghan Markle for his action at Oscars - ‘Same boat’ Her recent health concerns have meant that other royal family members have been stepping up their royal duties. One notable recent event that was missed by the Queen was the Commonwealth Day Service. Due to her absence, the Queen asked the Prince of Wales to step in to represent her. Her Majesty has only missed this event once before due to the Covid pandemic in 2021. In November, the Prince of Wales led the royal contingent at the COP26 Summit in Glasgow on his mother's behalf. DON'T MISS 'You think they're scroungers?' Brit erupts at Royal Family [VIDEO]Ukrainians forced to drink sewage water as Russian atrocities exposed [INTERVIEW]Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William tipped to 'take control' [LIVE BLOG] The Queen also had to withdraw her attendance at the Cenotaph service on Remembrance Sunday due to a back sprain. Most recently, the Queen tested positive for Covid-19 on February 20. Her diagnosis came shortly after Prince Charles and Camilla tested positive. Despite fears that her health could prevent her from attending, the Queen joined the almost 2,000 people in attendance at the memorial service for her late husband, Prince Philip on Tuesday.