Houseplants tend to be trouble free but can attract pests if they are not looked after properly. Problems are most common during winter and early spring because owners will often adapt their routines to fit in with the seasons. Miracle-Gro’s gardening guru, Kate Turner has shared top plants which are easy to care for and “pest-free” as well as how to identify pests. The expert explained: “Plants not only make our house look good, but they can also bring many physical and mental health benefits too. “Fear not, you do not need to be an expert to care for houseplants.” One houseplant which the expert recommended is the snake plant, also known as the mother-in-law’s tongue. Kate said: “This plant is native to tropical West Africa…it needs direct sunlight, and you only need to water it when the soil is completely dry. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 29p tip to keep blankets fluffy - ‘works a treat’ “Pests tend not to like this plant so it’s a great option for an easy to care for houseplant.” The Chinese Evergreen, which is also known as Aglaonema, is also “disease-resistant”, with bugs leaving it alone. The expert explained: “It has green or pink variegated leaves and will bear white flowers similar to a calla lily. “It likes warm, humid surroundings, indirect sunlight and only needs watering once a week. DON'T MISS:Gardening: ‘Vital’ tip to help fruit trees flourish this summer [COMMENT]‘Key tips’ to help houseplants ‘thrive’ this spring [EXPLAINER]Home renovations to ‘add value’ to your property - ‘massive asset’ [INSIGHT] “However, it is toxic to pets, so it is best to keep out of their reach.” The Jade Plant is also pest resistant and likes lots of bright light due to it being a succulent. The expert added: “It is attractive and easy to maintain.” However, like many houseplants, it is toxic to pets including dogs and cats. During the spring months, many houseplant owners will start to increase their watering routine as plants leave their dormancy state. This can cause overwatering problems, which can lead to root rot. Root rot often brings pests with it too as they thrive in damp conditions. Some common pests include gnats, aphids and spider mites. Kate said: “Fungus gnats are tiny black sciarid flies. They are usually more of a nuisance than a pest, although their larvae can damage seedlings. “To avoid them, make sure your compost isn’t too wet as they love moist warm conditions. “If your plants do attract gnats, allow the compost to fully dry before watering and add very fine grit to the surface, you may have to repot your plant if they are persistent.” Aphids, which can colonise indoor plants, are tiny green pests that like new shoots. The expert added: “They will hide on the underside of leaves so it’s important to look everywhere when you do tackle them. “To get rid of them, simply spray a diluted solution of washing up liquid onto the leaves. The other option is to squish them.” Spider mids can cover the plant with a fine layer of webbing. To get rid of them, gardeners can spray a diluted washing up liquid onto the leaves like with aphids.