 Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's Caribbean tour has been disrupted by protests, with dozens of senior Jamaican officials having demanded slavery reparations ahead of the royal couple’s visit. A letter signed by 100 Jamaican leaders said the country sees “no reason” to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee because the British monarchy “perpetuated the greatest human rights tragedy in the history of humankind”. Ahead of the couple’s two-day trip to Jamaica, a number of the country’s residents have demanded an apology and slavery reparations, after hundreds of thousands of African slaves were forced to work in the most brutal conditions while under British rule. William and Kate already faced opposition in Belize last week when they were forced to cancel a trip to a cacao farm due to local villagers protesting their visit. Indian Creek village residents were allegedly in opposition to the royal trip due to a dispute involving a charity supported by the Duke of Cambridge, and plans to land the royal helicopter on a local football pitch. The criticism the Royal Family has received during the Caribbean tour comes after Barbados removed the Queen as its head of state last November and became a republic. The decision ended centuries of Britain’s influence over the island, which like Jamaica, was a hub of the transatlantic slave trade for over 200 years. Read More: Royal Family: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned'  Prof Hocking, who until last year was on the National Committee of the Australian Republican Movement, claimed Barbados’ decision to remove the Queen as their head of state will lead to “discussions” among the other 15 Commonwealth Realms. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Prof Hocking said: “I think there’s no doubt that it leads to more discussion, not just in the remaining Commonwealth countries that are still constitutional monarchies, but particularly among them. “I think seeing another country, a relatively small Caribbean country, taking that step and moving forward, of course it starts conversations [in Australia] about how we might do the same and why we haven’t already done the same. “As more and more countries, former colonial nations, move towards that ‒ and we’re now down to 15 among the 54 Commonwealth countries that don’t already have a republic ‒ of course it raises questions among us.”  The Commonwealth is made up of 54 countries that are mostly former territories of the British Empire. The Queen is the head and ceremonial leader of the Commonwealth countries while she is also head of state of the 15 Commonwealth Realms. Yet, while at times there may have been swathes of republican sentiment in each of these realms, it takes a long time to sever ties with the Royal Family. Prof Hocking added: “[For] Barbados, it's been decades of discussion and moves towards [removing the Queen as head of state], since independence in 1966, so it’s a long time coming. Don't Miss:Sophie Wessex’s ‘disaster’ after marrying into Royal Family[ANALYSIS]Prince Charles was given marriage 'ultimatum' by father Prince Philip[INSIGHT]Rare unearthed letter from Queen gushes over Prince Edward[OPINION]  “And it does take a long time to disentangle those colonial relics which still, in really unexpected ways, you find keep us connected. “One of them was the [legal] appeals to the Privy Council, which didn’t finish in Barbados until 2005. “[Even] once you consider yourself a fully independent country, the fact that we could appeal from some of our state’s highest courts, the Supreme Court, to a British court with foreign judges is just appalling. “So they’re the sort of things you have to start to move away from just as a beginning and move towards full constitutional change, which takes a long time.  “And then you have to bring the population with you. “So it’s not easy. It’s not an overnight thing. “In Barbados, even though they announced it in 2021 and they’ve had a really smooth transition, which I think has been fantastic ‒ full of celebration and joy [which is] a wonderful thing ‒ it has actually been discussed really since the Sixties.” In January, the Australian Republic Movement unveiled its model to replace the Queen as the country’s head of state with an elected representative.  Australia has had a monarch as its head of state since 1901. However, the new model would see every federal, state and territory parliament in the country nominate a shortlist of candidates for the election of head of state. The campaign group said this would allow Australians to “take our own affairs into our own hands”.