Ricky Gervais, 60, has appeared to poke fun at the Chris Rock and Will Smith controversy. The comedian liked some tweets, seemingly reflecting his opinions on Sunday night’s Oscars 2022 ceremony. Despite not being present at the ceremony, Ricky expressed his thoughts on social media. On Monday, Ricky also sent out a post and shared a clip from BBC sitcom, The Office. The comedian played awkward office manager David Brent. The clip was taken from Season two, episode two of the hit show, where he makes a joke about alopecia, while trying to banter with his colleagues. In the standard David Brent cringe style, he said: “Welcome to Alcoholics Anonymous! No - purely social. “I know someone who is an alcoholic and it is no laughing matter - particularly for his wife. And she's got alopecia. So... not a happy homelife.” READ MORE: 'Protect my family' Will Smith tearfully apologises amid Oscar win Things took a slight turn for the worse at the event when host and comedian, Chris Rock, made a joke about Jada Pinkett Smith’s shaved head. In the past, Jada has spoken up about how she has alopecia. Chris joked on stage, saying: “Jada, can’t wait for GI Jane 2,” before an angry Will Smith walked up on the stage and hit him in the face. Ricky did not comment directly on the event, but liked a series of comments in defence of Chris Rock. Ricky liked one post which said that Will owes a “huge apology” to Chris Rock for his behaviour. The tweet added that there is no excuse for what he did. The Twitter user wrote: “Will Smith owes Chris Rock a huge apology. DON'T MISS... Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga[LATEST]Lily James shows off legs in daring thigh-high split dress at Oscars[PICTURES]Phil Collins bids farewell to showbiz after final ever Genesis concert[MUSIC] “There is no excuse for what he did. “He’s lucky Chris is not filing assault charges. The excuses he made tonight were bulls**t." Another user penned that he hopes Will has to return his Oscar, as they claimed his actions made him a “bully”, who deserved punishment. The user wrote in a post liked by Ricky: “After all the initial joking I hope Will Smith has to return his Oscar. “His behaviour was unacceptable. He's a bully and deserves to be punished." Ricky has not yet made his own statement about the incident. Will opened up about childhood trauma in his recent memoir, which may explain the reasons for his outburst at the Oscars. In his memoir, Will, which was released in November, the Men In Black actor explained why he felt like a coward in his younger years. He explained that “being made to feel like a coward” is his “most violent trigger,” after having grown up with an abusive father. The star wrote that nothing has defined his life more than seeing his dad beat up his mother when he was nine years old. He explained that he “always thought of (myself) as a coward” for failing to intervene. "I saw her spit blood. That moment, in that bedroom, probably more than any other moment, has defined who I am today,” Will wrote in his memoir.