On the latest episode of BBC Gardeners’ World, lead host Monty Don shared several jobs gardeners can be getting on with now. One of the “most important” jobs Monty said gardeners should do now in their gardens is mulch. The gardening expert said mulching is not only beneficial for the soil but can actually help suppress weeds too. During the episode, Monty shared the different materials gardeners can use to mulch and help suppress weeds and what the benefits are of mulching. Monty said: “Mulching does three things. It improves the soil structure and nutrition - particularly if you use an organic material. “The second job it does is to reduce evaporation. “It will keep moisture in the soil and while at this time of year that doesn't matter, it certainly does matter when you get to summer. READ MORE: How to remove brown stains from a toilet - 4 ways to shift limescale “And finally, if you put it on thick enough, it stops light reaching the soil, which will stop weed seeds germinating. “Now this year, I'm trialling a mulch I've never used before. “It's a recycled green waste that we've bought. It is very nice to use, it’s easy to handle, and I have high hopes. “But there are other things you can use.” Gardeners can use composted farmyard manure as mulch. However, Monty said the material does smell “very strongly of manure”.  DON'T MISSLawn: 'Simple' trick to fix brown patches in your grass [INSIGHT]Garden weeds: ‘Effective’ 29p trick to ‘banish’ weeds from your garden [UPDATE]How to clean your earrings - the 7 steps to cleaning earrings [ANALYSIS] He also warned gardeners not to use it as a mulch until it has been composted. The reason for this is because it would be “too strong” and will “burn the plant”. Monty said they use two different “grades” of bark at Longmeadow. He said: “You can get it in chips, you can get it in a sort of shredded material. “Bark is very good as a mulch around shrubs, trees, hedges or we use this on grasses. “And this is very effective at suppressing weeds, but takes longer to incorporate into the soil.” For those with a dry garden, a non-organic material may be best such as flint pebbles. “They will keep the moisture in, they will stop the weeds growing but of course they won't rot down and incorporate into the soil,” Monty said. Slate is Monty’s least favourite mulch but it does work effectively. Monty said: “Spread it on the ground, the water can get through it, light can’t, it will stop weeds - and even old tiles will work as a mulch.” Before mulching, Monty advised gardeners to remove the “worst of the weeds”. Perennial weeds, especially, should be removed first.  The gardening expert said the “critical thing” to remember when mulching the garden is to get the thickness right. Monty said gardeners want to put a two-inch layer of mulch on. He said anything less than that won’t do the job as well. “It's far more effective to do half the garden at the right thickness every other year than the whole garden at half the thickness every year,” he added. The mulch needs to be spread out thickly across all of the bare soil. The mulch does not need to be dug into the soil. That layer needs to stay on the soil for the rest of the summer. Gardeners’ World can be streamed on BBC iPlayer