The EU has been scrambling to slash its energy ties with the bloc, with reported plans to permanently scupper Vladimir Putin by completely banning Russian imports of oil and gas. The bloc has already placed crippling sanctions on many parts of the Russian economy over its attack on Ukraine, including targeting banks. And while a draft report seen by Bloomberg said that all 27 EU countries have “agreed to phase out all use of Russian gas and oil", Mr Scholz does not appear too keen. He said on Monday that Germany was too dependent on Russian gas and oil imports to risk an import ban. As the EU is currently dependent on Russia for 40 percent of its supplies, it has sparked fears that the bloc would not be able to cope without its energy imports. And fears soared further after Russia’s Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Novak warned that Putin can hit back at the bloc over its sanctions with a mirrored response. He warned: “European politicians need to honestly warn their citizens and consumers what to expect. “If you want to reject energy supplies from Russia, go ahead. We are ready for it. We know where we could redirect the volumes to.” But as leaders prepare to meet in Versailles in France on Thursday for an “informal meeting” to discuss how they can slash ties with Russia with a new energy strategy, Mr Macron may not be best pleased with Germany’s stance. France’s spokeswoman of the French foreign ministry, Anne-Claire Legendre, told France24 last month: "Of course, as our minister for energy and ecology (Barbara Pompili) has said very clearly, we are ready in France to face a cut in [energy] supply by Vladimir Putin. "We have been working to find a way to diversify supplies.” French EU affairs minister Clément Beaune has also said that France will have enough supplies over winter, should imports of Russian gas be stopped. The EU’s new energy strategy has also reportedly been detailed in a leaked document seen by EURACTIV. READ MORE: Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated Part of the plan may involve welcoming imports of (LNG), sent from the US and Qatar as alternatives to Russia’s gas. A draft seen by EURACTIV reportedly says: “Reducing our dependence on a single fossil gas supplier requires diversification of gas supply and using the full potential of green and low-carbon energy sources. “LNG, which can be transported by ship or road, has proven to be an important element in reducing our dependence on Russian gas and strengthening the security of supply." Barbara Pompili, French Minister for the ecological transition, said: “Next winter, the member states and the Commission will step up their coordination to reinforce our capacity for importing LNG for instance. “We will have to use our terminals as best we can, we have to fill those terminals, we have to increase our stocks. DON'T MISS Sturgeon slammed for blocking UK energy lifeline during Russia crisis [REPORT] Musk humiliates Putin after Russia threaten to block US from old tech [REVEAL] Ancient Egypt discovery took researchers by surprise [INSIGHT] “And we have to have more trade with exporting producer countries.”But Germany may not seem as keen on the plans given its phase-out of nuclear power. The country is set to completely shut down its three remaining nuclear power plants by the end of the year. The energy source contributed to 12 percent of electricity production in Germany in 2021. Meanwhile, 70 percent of France’s energy is generated by nuclear power, making it far less dependent on gas. Mr Scholz may also be more alarmed than Mr Macron as Russia has also threatened to cut off supplies from Nord Stream 2, which routes supplies directly to Germany. The pipeline is the longest sub-sea pipeline in the world at 222 km (759 miles). In 2021, 59.2 billion cubic meters was exported to Germany through the pipeline. Mr Novak said: “In connection with … the imposition of a ban on Nord Stream 2, we have every right to take a matching decision and impose an embargo on gas pumping through the Nord Stream 1 gas pipeline. “So far we are not taking such a decision, but European politicians with their statements and accusations against Russia push us towards that.” Mr Scholz pledged not to certify Nord Stream 2, a planned pipeline that would have also seen Russian gas sent to Germany, at reportedly double the current volumes sent to Europe. But the German Chancellor had been criticised in the build-up to this announcement, for refusing to rule it out weeks, despite calls from the US to do so.