As part of their visit to Wales, Kate and Prince William headed on Tuesday to Blaenavon Hwb, a community-focused youth centre. There, they chatted with young people and tried to bake a local delicacy - Welsh cakes. While the Duchess, a cooking enthusiast, effortlessly made her batch of treats, her husband appeared to be struggling. As he was rolling the dough while surrounded by a group of youngsters, the Duke said: "I'm under a lot of pressure here.” He continued: "Do not judge my cooking, this could go horribly wrong. It's not Bake Off. "Where's Mary (Berry) when you need her?" Kate and William collaborated with baking queen Mary Berry for a BBC special, focused on some of their charities, which aired in 2019. At the Hwb, Kate pointed out how thin William's cakes were. Agreeing with her, William said: "That one is a little bit skinny. "They are probably all a little bit skinny." READ MORE: Kate caves as Duchess puts on display of support The Duchess took the chance to make fun of her beloved husband and said: "You could put them together?" The loved-up pair went on comparing their uncooked cakes, with William acknowledging again his ones looked "thinner" and may burn in the oven, while Kate's "look really good". The Duchess smiled widely as she stroked William's back and told him, joking: "Well done". Then, pointing at the table where William worked his dough, she added: "You made a big mess as well.” This didn't mark the only public display of affection during the Cambridges' day in Wales. While inviting William to take a peek at her cakes, the Duchess placed her hand on his back. Similarly, she was also spotted doing this prior during the day, while leaving Abergavenny Market. Just outside the market's exit, the Duke and Duchess saw, among the well-wishers lined up to catch a glimpse of them, two mothers holding young babies. Kate and William immediately stopped to speak with them, with the Duchess placing one of her hands on William's back and stroking it while enthusing about the little ones. This encounter comes one week after Kate revealed working with young children makes her "very broody". As part of her tour of Copenhagen in late February, Kate headed to the Copenhagen Children’s Museum, where she met parents and guardians with young children. Speaking with the mums of two eight-month-old baby boys, Kate revealed: "It makes me very broody. "William always worries about me meeting under one-year-olds. "I come home saying, ‘let’s have another one’." Kate and Prince William have three children - Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. As they revealed during their visit to Wales, the proud parents speak to their children about their royal visits and, prior to heading off, William said they "show them where we are on the map”.