George Russell has confirmed there are “no team orders” between him and Lewis Hamilton at Mercedes with both having an equal chance to battle for the title. He said Mercedes trusted both drivers to “race fairly” and there was no favouritism among the pair. Speaking to the BBC, he said: “We are on a level playing field. "There are no team orders, we have equal treatment totally and they [Mercedes] trust us to go out there and race fairly." He added: “We have a very open relationship. I think because we are at very different stages of our careers there is a really strong mutual respect between us. We both recognise our fight isn't with each other as it may be in some other teams." Mercedes has always let its driver's race fairly for the title but this has come to its disadvantage. Tensions spilt over between Hamilton and Nico Rosberg in 2016 with the pair colliding at the Spanish Grand Prix. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and George Russell 'won't work' in warning to Wolff Hamilton also tried to hold up Rosberg at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in an attempt to stop his team-mate from getting enough points to win the championship. Rosberg held on to win the title and retired, allowing Valtteri Bottas to enter the frame who was unable to challenge Hamilton for a title over the past five seasons. Hamilton later claimed Bottas was the best team-mate he had in Formula 1 before he left the Silver Arrows at the end of last year. However, Rosberg has previously warned signing Russell was high risk due to the possibility of further tension in the squad. He said: “It was a difficult decision for Toto, because the risk is quite high. If George is really on exactly the same pace as Lewis, it could become really intense in the team. DON'T MISSMercedes warned by Aston Martin over issue facing Hamilton and Russell [INSIGHT]Lando Norris trolls Mercedes star George Russell [ANALYSIS]Mercedes boss Wolff takes swipe at Verstappen while talking up Russell [COMMENT] “There are a lot of unknowns there, is George always going to back out, or is he going to get his elbows out? That’s just going to be so great to watch.” However, it appears team principal Toto Wolff has learned from the Hamilton and Rosberg rivalry. Last year, Wolff claimed he has “no fear” in making a driver miss races if the situation got out of hand. He added: “If the debriefing room is full of negativity because the two drivers are hostile with each other then that will spill over into the energy in the room and that is not something I will ever allow again.”