Michelle Donelan called the Government's Levelling Up White Paper a "stark reminder" of the regional inequalities faced by young people each day. Her comments come as the number of new apprentices fell in all regions outside London and the South-east between 2019/20 to 2020/21. The North-East had the largest proportional fall, with 3.8 per cent fewer new starters, official figures show. London, however, saw an 8.8 percent rise over the same period. Ms Donelan said: "We are like a football team with only one player on the pitch. No matter how good that player is, they cannot possibly make up for all the wasted talent sat on the bench." "That talent can be found in communities across the UK. Levelling up is about getting the whole team on the pitch." Strategy aims to tackle regional skills gaps through apprenticeships, with a focus on technical education. The Government fears this will affect business and industry growth in the future. Ms Donelan told the Daily Express, 21 new Institutes of Technology will open to provide training opportunities for those outside the capital. The institutes aim to unify businesses and educators to help teach people skills that are desperately in demand. Sectors with major skills shortages in the UK include advanced manufacturing, engineering, and digital and cyber security and solutions, the White Paper suggests. In addition, new T-levels - a technical alternative to A-levels - are being introduced in a bid to close the potentially crippling skills gap. This provides a glimmer of hope for struggling industries as data shows a huge 24 percent decrease in engineering and manufacturing technology apprentices starting out. In just a year, the number of young starters dropped from 52,000 in 2019/20 to 39,500 in 2020/21. -----------------------------  Sophie Peaple: 'We can build confidence and self-esteem' Sophie Peaple, a mechanical and electrical engineering apprentice at Thames Water, says that "working as an apprentice can set you up with a lifetime career." But the 16-year-old, claimed technical apprenticeships are not encouraged in schools. Sophie, from Swindon, said: "Technical education is essential for the economy as well as addressing skill shortages employers are facing. Apprenticeships allow us to continue training young individuals to provide us with the skills needed to build and benefit the future." "They allow you to build your confidence, self-esteem and your own determination. It provides first-hand experience and can open many doors." ----------------------------- Alexandra Johnson: 'A real alternative' Quality engineer apprentice Alexandra Johnson warns schools do not do enough to raise awareness of apprenticeships. The 21-year-old, of Ilkley, WestYorks, said: "The balance between learning and industry experience is invaluable in an apprenticeship. Many students don't know there are alternatives to university, and it is important to raise awareness that there are other choices out there." Alexandra works at Produmax, a specialist manufacturing company. She says, "Apprenticeships are the way forward". Despite getting four unconditional offers to study product design and automotive performance engineering at university, the apprenticeship offer was her first choice. ---------------------------- Kieran Ince: 'The way to progress' Kieran Ince, an electrical electronic engineering apprentice, claims it is crucial that apprenticeship starts are improved to help "secure a sustainable future for the country and boost the economy for everyone." The 24-year-old, from Essex, said: "It is important to address the skills shortages within the industry at the moment because this is definitely the key to the future." He has been working for S&P UK, a ventilation and air movement company based in Ipswich, Suffolk, for five years. Kieran added: "This isn't a standard job and it isn't an industry that is deemed to be particularly interesting - but this is a common misconception that needs to be banished." "Every day is different for me and it keeps me on my toes, eager to learn." "Apprenticeships are a great way of progressing your career while learning on the job and earning a decent wage." "There are so many people who come out of university and end up in a lot of debt struggling to find a role that suits their chosen career." Kieran is now studying towards a Higher National Diploma in engineering to further his industry knowledge. ----------------------------- Comment: Michelle Donelan We rely too heavily on major cities as a source of skills and high-wage jobs. It is where this becomes more than an idea or a news story and the moment we get the solutions that are going to noticeably change our system and country for the better. Through apprenticeships, further education colleges and T-Levels - our new, technical alternative to A-Levels - we are giving people the skills they need to get ahead in life. For too long, technical education has played second fiddle. My mission is to rebalance technical and academic learning. One of the key changes is the creation of 21 Institutes for Technology. These bring together colleges, universities and employers to provide opportunities for high-quality training that will directly feed industries where there are skills gaps. Most importantly, they are geographically spread across the country and actively target areas where they are most needed, including Blackpool, Swindon and Dudley. At long last communities will have a prestigious institution that they can be proud of that will help drive their economy and retain talent rather than see the brightest and best lured to the capital and other cities. 'I saw too many people who felt they had to move elsewhere to pursue their career' 