Arthur Shelby (played by Paul Anderson) was reintroduced to Peaky Blinders fans in season six as a man who was struggling with addiction. The Shelby brother has long battled his demons but he appeared to have deteriorated in the most recent episode until Tommy Shelby (Cillian Murphy) promised him contact with his estranged wife. However, Finn Shelby star Harry Kirton has teased a heartbreaking fate for his on-screen brother. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Harry opened up on Finn’s relationship with his eldest brother. The Peaky Blinders star said: “There's always been a strange dynamic between Finn and Arthur. “He’s definitely more of just an oversized child in a way. “Arthur can be very much like a father to Finn in terms of he shows more affection and he’s a bit more hands-on than Tommy is. “That feeling has been established, everybody feels there's always been a distance from Tommy.” Read more: Peaky Blinders season 6: Tommy Shelby’s death sealed in Lizzie twist? “He shows affection in very strange ways whereas Arthur and Finn are a bit closer,” he continued. “But I feel like maybe Arthur is getting a bit old now Finn is moving into his prime. “He’s becoming his own person, and I think he perhaps realises his older brother isn't so solid, isn't so grounded and is actually a bit f*****g insane.” Harry concluded: “The dynamic shift is shown in its own way.” Could the actor’s words signal a heartbreaking future for Arthur? If he fails to remain clean, Tommy promised his estranged wife he would not put him in contact with her. This could send Arthur over the edge and lead to him spiralling out of control. Will anyone be able to save the oldest Shelby brother from himself? DON'T MISSPeaky Blinders' Natasha O'Keeffe details wardrobe disaster [INTERIVEW]Peaky Blinders season 6: Grey man's identity uncovered? [THEORY]Peaky Blinders’ fans rejoice as Tommy confirms fan-favourite return [INSIGHT] Meanwhile, Peaky Blinders star Harry has hinted fans will be satisfied with the final season of the series. Opening up on the final batch of episodes, he said: “The stories and the roads that the characters find themselves going down are always changing and wavering. “I think the tone is always the same, I don't think they're going to be unhappy by any means, with what's happening.” The actor conceded fans may have their own ideas over how the series should come to an end. Harry added: “Whenever anything ends people always imagine how it could end, how it should end. “But I think I think people will be pleased, as I assume they always are. “It's always very, power politics and a lot of other messy s**t so as the nature of Peakys is so they will definitely be captivated and interested in what happens.” Peaky Blinders continues on BBC One on Sunday at 9pm.