Red Bull’s fuel pump issue which led to the retirements of Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez could hit any driver and team at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. Sky Sports F1’s Ted Kravitz has warned the pump is a “common part” issued by the FIA to all teams on the grid. He warned the developers had seen “problems coming” and allowed teams to inspect the parts.Kravitz added “some teams needed to replace” the part ahead of the race but didn't believe Red Bull was one of these which may have caught them out. Speaking on Ted’s Notebook, he said: “I can tell you what this is, this is a common fuel pump. There’s now a fuel pump designed and developed by Magneti Marelli Italian company but don’t read anything into that. “It's a common part, this fuel pump is a common part amongst all the teams. They’ve had some problems with it, they could see the problems coming, so they allowed all the teams an extra opportunity in parc ferme to inspect this fuel pump. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton fires shots at Red Bull after snatching podium spot “Some teams needed to replace it… because they could see at the bottom of the tank it wasn’t collecting all the fuel that was available. And it was having some problems perhaps, I’ve been told, with the E10 fuel, so there might be an issue there. “In that case, I don't think the Red Bulls had to or did replace their fuel pumps but it looks like it is a problem, which is a common supply part. It’s common from the FIA under these new rules. It's the same fuel pump that's supplied to all the teams. “It looks like, perhaps through no fault of Red Bull’s own they have fallen foul in the end to that.” Verstappen criticised his car’s reliability after he was forced to retire from second place. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen questioned if he is 'smart enough' after F1 retirement [INSIGHT]Verstappen raises F1 title doubts after Red Bull suffer at Bahrain GP [ANALYSIS]Sainz's warning to Hamilton and Verstappen after Bahrain podium [COMMENT] He said: “Of course, you can always say problems can happen and you might have a retirement. But I think at this level, after already having so much information with engines and stuff, it shouldn’t happen. “We already lost a lot of points again in one race weekend, so that’s just really not good, but of course I know that with one retirement it’s not over, but I would have preferred to have 18 points.”