Disney princesses, Where's Wally?, the cast of Encanto and Woody from Toy Story might sometimes dwell in hard covers, technically speaking, but dear Lord, literary creations they most definitely ain't. Please don't tell me they feature in books, apart from colouring-in sections, stickers and film merchandise. It might be convenient. Your house might be overflowing with these artefacts. But in a universe luxuriating in the legacy of Frances Hodgson Burnett, Richmal Crompton, Roald Dahl, Louisa May Alcott, Dame Jacqueline Wilson, Shirley Hughes and Rev W Awdry choose a real book, read it to your child, then hit the tea-towels and sticky-backed plastic for a costume inspired by real words of wonder. There's nothing not to love about shining and smiling offspring togged out as Elsa from Frozen, except the missed opportunity to glory in the chance for her to be dressed as literary characters such as Alf Prøysen's Mrs Pepperpot or Ramona in Beverly Cleary's hilarious Beezus And Ramona. TROUBLE is, World Book Day has morphed into a near-universal homage to Disney and Pixar with occasional genuflections to PAW Patrol and Spiderman. It's a shame. It's lazy. Headteachers should take a stand. Parents must be told WBD is not a cartoon tribute day. Spine-tingling, giggle-inducing, poetryevoking books must be celebrated. No, Julie Andrews' Mary Poppins doesn't qualify. She must be pure PL Travers or stay at home. Nor will it do to pretend Walt's Little Mermaid is Hans Christian Andersen's. WBD needs more newspaper and tea-towel drapery, felt and stapling. Schools must demand a good old-fashioned use of towels as cloaks, painted macaroni as jewels and goldsprayed cereal boxes as impenetrable armour. Please believe me, I don't want to torture innocent parents. I was hopeless at rustling up fancy-dress and often sent my girls in their bridesmaid dresses - a sin for which I am still forced to apologise. I just don't want the bliss of being subsumed into Noel Streatfeild's Ballet Shoes to be denied to a generation labouring under the delusion that watching Frozen is "just as good". It's fun. It's terrific. But it is not and never will be a book.  CUE A chorus of miaowing. Madonna, 63, was recently seen with son Rocco and looking a little more lived-in than her Instagram filters suggest. In the pic, left, they look almost like siblings. For Pete's sake, pipe down! As a new recruit I confirm filters are almost obligatory. You take a pic. You look a wreck. You flick a finger. You look a humdinger. Why, you ask yourself, would you inflict the crinkly, mottled, creased version on your unsuspecting followers when you could unleash the sparkly unsullied gorgeous you instead? You pick a filter. It works instant miracles. What's not to worship? I WOULD like to thank Brooklyn Beckham, 23, and his 27-yearold fiancée Nicola Peltz for broadening the scope of my worldly ambitions. The couple are selling their Los Angeles mansion just months after purchasing it because they want to be "more flexible and bicoastal". Lord, me too! I hadn't realised it until the toothsome twosome coined the phrase, but when you think about it, who doesn't? I'm not sure how a pad with an asking price just shy of $11million cramps one's flexibility, but the vision of the nearly newlyweds flexibly whizzing from East to West coasts on an almost hourly basis is intoxicating. I can just see myself flitting between Southend and Penzance in the lotus position.  LIFE IS grittier and more precarious right now than most of us can bear. We've had it with violent films riddled with sinister backstories and dystopian denouements. Far more of us crave joyful escapism, tenderness, humour, sophisticated dialogue, exquisite locations, dreamy outfits and happy-ever-after endings than I'll wager the Oscars will reflect. I'm finding refuge in Talking Pictures TV. I adored My Six Loves starring the captivating Debbie Reynolds and give my grateful thanks for almost two hours of smiles. MATT Hancock is said to be furiously splitting hairs over his podcast interview with Dragons' Den star Steven Bartlett. Apparently, he expected that the question about casual sex and his answer - "I have not had casual sex with anybody. I fell in love..." - would end up on the cutting-room floor. His chums claim he didn't want anything included which would be "hurtful" to wife Martha. Altogether now: Mr Hancock, the contents of this podcast are a mere bagatelle. If you want to know what was hurtful to her look no further than your conduct, and the chronic lack of support you showed when you left her to cope all alone as your selfishness turned her private life into a front-page story. AMID the outpouring of international mourning for the mesmerising ShaneWarne, spare a thought for Elizabeth Hurley. It is always awkward to be outside the formal "normal" realm of relationships when someone beloved dies. There is a strict mourning pecking order. Quite rightly parents, siblings, children and widows of the deceased take precedence. Their grief is enshrined in the funeral service. They are condoled with at the memorial. Meanwhile, those whose profound and passionate love affair with the late lamented never quite made it to official status aren't deemed entitled to be wracked by raw grief. Even divorced exes say they are somehow considered to have forfeited the right to be bereft. Warne's romances were many and tumultuous and all who weep into their pillows deserve compassion. 