BBC Radio 1 presenter Charlie Hedges left her co-host Greg James stunned when she revealed that she's pregnant live on air. Speaking on the Tell Me Something Good segment of the show, the radio star dropped the bombshell on her unsuspecting co-star who was left speechless before congratulating her on the good news. Greg asked Charlie to tell him some good news, leading her to make the announcement. Charlie excitedly revealed: "I'm having a baby." Stunned, Greg replied: "You... what are you talking about?" "You're having a baby! READ MORE: Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star "Are you joking? What are you talking about?" he asked the star. Standing up to show off her bump, Charlie said: "I'm having a baby Greg! Surprise!" Responding, Greg said: "'Oh my God! What amazing news." Following the radio star's big reveal, BBC Radio 1 fans took to social media to congratulate Charlie. Twitter user @tomjamesclark wrote: "Omg goosebumps during Charlie Hedges announcing her pregnancy on Radio 1 today @BBCR1. "The conversation and announcement between @charliehedges @gregjames was the best!" While @emsmusicalmind penned: "@charliehedges just casually dropping big news during 'tell me something good'. "Congratulations Charlie! I loved @gregjames’ reaction. DON'T MISS... Carol Vorderman, 61, reacts to Cambridge University's verdict on pics [INSIGHT]Richard Madeley's confrontation with angry viewer who ‘loathed' him [ANALYSIS]Dan Walker reacts as BBC Breakfast viewer questions on-air choice [UPDATE] "I think he was as shocked as everyone else was!" @LauraBaalham added: "Just listened to @charliehedges announce to @gregjames that she was pregnant. "I am so happy for you. And Greg your response was amazing," they added. The star also took to Twitter to share the news with her 56,000 followers. Charlie wrote: "I am so incredibly grateful and excited to be sharing the most beautiful news with you all... "I am going to be a new mummy very soon and Baby hedges would like to say hi to you all," she penned alongside a love heart. "To say we are over the moon is an understatement xxx" she ended the post. The star posted a snap of an ultrasound, captioned: "Hello everyone, I'm baby Hedges, it is so nice to meet you all. See you in person very soon x."