Mauricio Pochettino could be sacked by Paris Saint-Germain in the wake of Wednesday's lacklustre Champions League exit at the hands of Real Madrid, according to reports. The former Tottenham boss, who has been heavily linked with Manchester United in recent months, is said to be walking a tightrope at the Parc des Princes after failing to meet his primary objective of securing Champions League glory this season. He was unable to inspire PSG to a place in the quarter-finals of this season's tournament as they slipped to a 3-1 defeat at the Bernabeu in Wednesday's second-leg clash. Real Madrid went into the match knowing they would need at least two goals to book their place in the last eight after falling to Kylian Mbappe's late winner in last month's reverse fixture. The Frenchman rekindled his goalscoring form once again to find the back of the net for PSG shortly before half-time, putting the visitors in the ascendancy with a two-goal aggregate lead at the break. However, they were eventually undone by an inspired display from Real Madrid marksman Karim Benzema, who produced a remarkable second-half hat-trick to maintain Real Madrid's hopes of sealing European glory over the coming months. PSG chiefs were said to be incandescent with rage after the final whistle and it seems as though Pochettino, who was appointed to replace Thomas Tuchel in January of last year, could soon be forced to pay with his job. JUST IN: Man Utd may not need to spend big on Marcus Rashford replacement He is widely expected to leave the club at the end of the season but there is a chance that his exit could be accelerated as a result of Wednesday's disappointing defeat, according to The Telegraph. It is said that PSG have been weighing up the idea of a change in management for some time due to internal doubts over whether Pochettino has ever truly settled in the French capital. Those in charge are also yet to be convinced that he is the right man to take them forward after failing to perform well in the Champions League during his tenure. Pochettino was under immense pressure to deliver on the European stage and it appears that his position may now be untenable as a result of Wednesday's crushing defeat in Madrid. It is claimed that former Real Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane would be PSG's top choice to succeed Pochettino in the dugout before the start of next season. Meanwhile, the club's latest setback is believed to have raised the likelihood that Pochettino will look to become United's next permanent manager ahead of next season. The 50-year-old is said to be among the preferred candidates to replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick at Old Trafford and is favoured by the majority of the Red Devils squad. United would have moved for Pochettino following the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer back in November but were aware that PSG would have been reluctant to let their manager leave in the middle of the season. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE However, there have always been doubts over whether his current employers would want to keep him for the duration of his contract, which is set to run until the summer of 2023. It remains to be seen whether United will eventually act on their interest in Pochettino, who is by no means the only candidate in the frame for the role. Ajax boss Erik Ten Hag is another high-profile name to have been discussed by the club's hierarchy and the 52-year-old is likely to be sounded out ahead of the summer months. United are already said to have made contact with a number of potential candidates and would be eager to speak with Pochettino to gauge his interest in the role in the near future. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here