Fighting between Ukraine and Russia continues to escalate this week as Ukrainian intelligence claims a Russian general has been killed in fighting around Kharkiv. The intelligence arm of the Ukrainian defence ministry said Maj Gen Vitaly Gerasimov, chief of staff of the 41st Army, had been killed along with other senior officers. The investigative journalism agency Bellingcat said it had confirmed Gerasimov’s death with a Russian source. Today, Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky said the war was “like a nightmare” for Russia and hailed his country's resistance effort. Tensions between Kyiv and Moscow have existed for years, but Ukrainian MP Sviatoslav Yurash tells Express.co.uk the invasion has ended any friendship that was left between Russia and Ukraine. He said: "Putin wants to be in the history books, he will be in the history books. He will go down in history as the man who has totally failed. "He is a man who wanted to unite the Ukrainian and Russian nations, but his policy has forever destroyed any friendship there was between our two nations. "He has succeeded in that he has failed, and as far as his future is concerned, we all know what happens to mad dictators who try to destroy other countries around them." The violence inflicted on the people of Ukraine has provoked the leaders in Kyiv to push for EU and NATO membership. Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky officially signed an EU membership application on Feburary 28, four days after Russia invaded his country. Eight member states signed a letter supporting an accelerated ascension process for Ukraine, which could further speed up its integration of economic and energy systems with Europe. But Putin is determined to stop Ukraine further integrating itself with the West. A UK general today warned NATO allies coming into direct conflict with Russia is a "matter of when, not if". Retired army general Sir Chris Deverell also said he now thinks a no-fly zone over Ukraine may not be necessary. He said: “I have been against the imposition of a no-fly zone by NATO in Ukraine, believing that it would surely escalate the conflict. “But Putin seems hell-bent on escalation. So the question is becoming: does NATO fight him now or fight him later?” Sir Deverell added that Putin “will likely respond with nuclear threats”, but said that his threats were likely to be “meaningless”. READ MORE: Priti Patel accused of 'misleading Commons' over Calais chaos He added: “Whatever he can do to us, we can do to him.” Mr Yurash tells Express.co.uk that Ukraine has done enough to prove itself worthy of membership for both NATO and the EU. He added: "I think Ukraine is showing that it is more than ready for NATO and EU membership. "Ukraine has been making the case for years to join the EU and NATO. Ukraine has shown time and time again that we are ready. "It is time to do the obvious – return Ukraine to the family of European nations." Mr Yurash urged the West to do more for Ukraine in the fight against Russia, but also acknowledged the importance of lethal aid sent to his country by the UK and other NATO allies. DON'T MISS UK teeters on brink of recession if it bans Russian oil [UKRAINE] UK and EU pull plug on ALL Russian gas and oil in HUGE show of strength [UKRAINE] Putin tipped to start own internet in weeks after tech blackout [UKRAINE] He added: "The weapons that have been provided to us have been put to good use here. "We have seen the Russian tanks, Russian machinery and and their heavy equipment being destroyed by the weapons the West helped to provide. "The fact of the matter is all of this is welcome, but what everybody talks about is a no-fly zone because the Russians have a numerical advantage in the skies, and because of that they are conducting bombing campaigns all over the country "To try and stop that we need the West and the world to take a stand here, and say to the Russians they cannot conduct air campaigns."