The yellow warning for fog is in effect from 5am on Wednesday to 11am. It covers the entirety of south west England, as well as Hampshire, Herefordshire and the south of Wales. Meanwhile, London commuters see their morning journeys disrupted by an entire-network strike by RMT. In their alert, the Met Office said thick fog, “mainly on modest hills and near the south coast”, will cause “difficult, and in places dangerous driving conditions”.  They said there is a chance “of delays to flights”, and of “journeys taking longer than usual” for morning commuters.  In a full statement, the Met Office said: “Very moist air, associated with a frontal system slowly moving northwards, is arriving into south-western parts of the UK.  “As cloud above it thins, and rain eases, this will allow a period of thick low cloud and fog to continue to develop, settle onto hills, and expand northwards with visibilities below 50 m in a few places.  “Fog should gradually lift into low cloud this morning, with visibility slowly improving.” According to WXCharts, Tuesday sees a blob of rain moving northwards into the south of England and Wales from Europe, with 2mm expected in London and 3mm in Cornwall by 9pm. By 6am on Wednesday, rain continues to move northwards into the UK, striking the midlands and Wales while continuing to fall over the south, with 1mm an hour expected in most areas. At the same time, a band of Atlantic rain pushing east also moves towards Ireland and Britain, striking Ireland on Wednesday evening and the west coast of Britain at 6pm on Thursday. This band, bringing snow over Scotland and up to 3mm of rain an hour over the UK, moves gradually across Britain from Thursday into Friday evening, before clearing by midday on Saturday. Meanwhile, the RMT strike on Tuesday, lasting from 12:01am on to midnight on Wednesday, continues to affect Londoners despite pausing for a day. As of 06:20 GMT on Wednesday morning only the Bakerloo and Victoria Lines are back up and running.  Services on the Central, Circle, District, Jubilee, Hammersmith & City, Metropolitan, Northern, Piccadilly and Waterloo & City lines are still suspended. The RMT ordered its 10,000 members to strike, which forced the closure of the entire Underground network. TfL have announced plans to axe between 500 and 600 station posts and review TfL’s generous pension scheme in a bid to save cash. Another strike will take place on from a minute past midnight until a minute to midnight on Thursday March 3. Friday March 4 is also likely to be affected by disruptions, and morning rush hour services are expected to be “severely impacted”. Talks at arbitration service Acas that could have seen the strikes postponed broke down on Tuesday, because according to the RMT, TfL “confirmed all the union’s worst fears that nothing is off the table in terms of the threat to jobs, pensions, conditions and safety”. TfL chief operating officer Andy Lord said: “It is extremely disappointing that the RMT has today announced strike action, as no proposals have been tabled on pensions or terms and conditions, and nobody has or will lose their jobs as a result of the proposals we have set out.” Londoners told City AM the capital is “becoming unlivable” amid the strikes, as John Rayner, 28, a construction worker who was waiting for a bus in Paddington, west London, said: “I missed two buses this morning because queues for buses are so long and some buses don’t even bother to stop. “I walked to Paddington for over an hour as I thought I would have more luck getting a Tube from here. It is a joke. This city is becoming unlivable.” Office worker Jasmine Keane, 40, said: “I have had to take an Uber to get to work. I don’t even know what time I will get to work with the traffic and weather.”