Andy Murray has shared what's next for him after suffering a second-round defeat to Daniil Medvedev at the Miami Open. The former world No 1 will be staying in Miami for a lengthy training block after reuniting with old coach Ivan Lendl, targeting Wimbledon and the grass court season with confirmation he would miss the clay. Murray suffered his sixth consecutive second-round loss on Saturday as top seed Medvedev beat him 6-4 6-2 in an hour and 29 minutes. The streak stretches back to the Australian Open and also includes round two losses in Rotterdam, Doha, Dubai and Indian Wells. While his run at the Miami Open has come to an end, his time in the Florida city is just beginning as he is now set to buckle down and complete a lengthy training block with his old coach Ivan Lendl. The pair had previously worked together from 2011-2014 and 2016-2017, with the eight-time Grand Slam champion guiding Murray to his three Major titles, two Olympic golds and his ascent to world No 1, and have teamed up once more targeting a strong run during the grass swing. The current world No 85 has now shared what his former coach will bring to their training block, admitting he had been doing the "wrong" things without Lendl by his side. Speaking on what the 62-year-old would bring to his team this time around, Murray said: "I think probably some clarity over the right way to play and the right way to practice." JUST IN: Medvedev backtracks on Nadal Australian Open final claim  The 34-year-old said he thought this was something he had struggled with since the tour resumed in 2020, and the problem has likely worsened while he has been in a coaching limbo in recent months after splitting with long-time mentor Jamie Delgado in the off-season. "I don't feel I have been practicing the right things probably for 18 months or so," Murray added. He also evaluated his performance against the world No 2 and confessed that he would have to improve to be able to compete properly against the top players. Speaking after the loss, the former world No 1 said: "My level of tennis is obviously not right now where it needs to be to win matches like that. Today there were some good signs on the court but the two key things in tennis are serve and return. I didn't do either of them particularly well." DON'T MISSDaniil Medvedev reacts to dominant Andy Murray win at Miami OpenKyrgios explains how he got over Nadal loss to produce Miami stunnerKyrgios gives Miami Open outburst verdict as Brooksby spared full fine   Medvedev himself also shared some thoughts on Murray's continued attempt to return near the top of the game after undergoing a hip resurfacing surgery in 2019. This season he has already made it back into the top 100 for the first time since mid-2018 and will be looking to tick off more milestones as the season progresses. "When he was 25 or maybe 20 years old, if people would tell him what he has achieved, would he continue playing at 34 and trying to get back, get some wins, I'm not sure he would say yes," the 26-year-old admitted, praising Murray for continuing to push on in the latter stages of his career when he could easily retire with a hall of fame career. "Maybe, but so it's same for me. I never know how my life is going to turn, what's gonna happen, but what he's doing is amazing."