On Friday, it was revealed Prince Harry would not travel back to the UK from his new California home for a planned service in honour of his late grandfather, the Duke of Edinburgh. Prince Philip's Service of Thanksgiving will take place on March 29 at Westminster Abbey. Many members of the Royal Family will likely be in attendance. Prince Harry’s biographer, Angela Levin, claimed the Duke of Sussex’s choice was a “snub” to Her Majesty, 95, as the first anniversary of her husband’s death approaches. Prince Philip died on April 9, 2021, aged 99. The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh were married for over seven decades, one another’s constant companions through the years. The Prince’s funeral was held on the Windsor grounds, at St George’s Chapel. Ms Levin described how the Queen was still “grieving the loss of her husband of 73 years”. She told The Sun: “He has snubbed the Duke of Edinburgh but really he is snubbing the Queen. "He has got this all wrong. If he comes over for a royal event he gets police protection. What they won’t do is, if he goes out with his friends he gets security. READ MORE: Princess Diana’s wedding dress designer was ‘HORRIFIED’ by gown "He’ll probably use this same excuse to try to get out of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations." A spokesperson for Prince Harry said that, although the Duke would not be present for the service, he hoped “to visit his grandmother as soon as possible”. The news comes amid a furious security row between Prince Harry and the Home Office over his and his family’s protection, should they make the trip from the US back to London. The Duke became embroiled in a High Court battle after being told he would not receive the "same degree" of security when returning from the US. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry 'gave Queen 15 minutes' notice' [LIVE] Queen urged to remove Prince Harry and Prince Andrew as counsellors [INSIGHT] Queen 'increasingly unlikely' to ever meet Lilibet [ANALYSIS] Prince Harry had offered to pay for the personal security detail himself. The Duke has said he wants to bring his and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex's, two children across when he makes the journey from California to London. But Prince Harry insisted he "does not feel safe" to do so without the police protection he seeks. The Queen, 95, and Harry's father Prince Charles, 74, have not yet met the youngest Sussex child, Lilibet Diana. The Duke's legal team is arguing the Sussexes' protection in the US cannot have the same level of effectiveness abroad, and do not have access to UK intelligence networks. Introducing the case for its first hearing last month, Shaheed Fatima QC argued on behalf of Prince Harry that the Duke was desperate to return to visit family and friends. She said: "This claim is about the fact that the claimant does not feel safe when he is in the UK given the security arrangements applied to him in June 2021 and will continue to be applied to him." She added: "It goes without saying that he does want to come back to see family and friends and to continue to support the charities that are so close to his heart. "Most of all, this is and always will be his home."