Top Boy fans have been eagerly awaiting the drug drama's return to Netflix after a prolonged three-year wait. Starring Ashley Walters and Kane "Kano" Robinson, Top Boy made a comeback on Friday, March 18, picking up the story around one year after the events of series one. For Lauryn (played by Saffron Hocking), plenty had changed as she had left London to start a new life in Liverpool. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Top Boy.When Top Boy season two begins, fans quickly find out Lauryn had moved up north and was now pregnant with her new boyfriend Curtis' (Howard Charles) baby. Even though this was meant to be a fresh start for her, Curtis is a controlling arms dealer who doesn't let Lauryn out of his sight, with help from his overprotective sister Vee (Ava Brennan). Fearful of her own life as well as her unborn child's, Lauryn is desperate to escape. This is when sister Jaq (Jasmine Jobson) got involved to try and help her run off. READ MORE: Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star Leyton (Kola Bokinni) was part of the London Fields, a rival gang to Summerhouse who they were often in competition with over drugs and territory. Tensions had been running high between him personally and Dushane and Sully for quite some time as they continued to antagonise one another. As the first series went on, Summerhouse found they were losing out on deals with London Fields getting the better of them numerous times. The situation escalates when Leyton attempts to murder Sully at a funeral. Jason (Ricky Smarts) who acted as a surrogate son of Sully's was viciously murdered by a group of racists who burned down a house with him inside. Sully was at his funeral when Leyton tried to kill him but thankfully, he was able to make a get away before any real damage was done. It is only after this incident, the reason behind London Fields being one step ahead of Summerhouse in the drug game came out. Lauryn was forced to confess she had betrayed her sister and the gang by feeding information to Leyton. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street heartache as Abi Franklin flees with Imran Habeeb? [SPOILER]Top Boy's Lauryn star details scene she broke down in tears watching [REACTION]Top Boy: Will Stefan murder Sully in revenge for Jamie's death? [THEORY] She had been secretly dating the rival gang member, telling him snippets about the deals Summerhouse were making. It was then during pillow talk that Lauryn told Leyton about Sully attending Jason's funeral, unaware he was planning an attack. Having been murdered by Farrah (Seraphina Beh), a hit set up by Jamie for being disloyal, Leyton is out of the picture. This doesn't stop Jaq raging at Lauryn though who beats her up for the betrayal. Jaq informs Dushane of what her sister did but pleads with him that she isn't killed. He reluctantly agrees and so Jaq gives Lauryn some money and tells her to leave London for good. This is how Lauryn ended up in exile in Liverpool but by the end of season two, Sully finds out the truth of what she did. He decides to help her escape Curtis anyway by allowing her to stay in his flat, somewhere he wouldn't be able to trace her. The Summerhouse gang protects Lauryn from Curtis but she knows it may end in one of them getting hurt so secretly tells Curtis of her whereabouts. She agrees to return with him to Liverpool before stabbing him repeatedly, leaving him to die in a pool of blood. Top Boy seasons 1-2 are available to watch on Netflix. Top Boy Summerhouse seasons 1-2 are also available to stream on Netflix.