It is expected that a law will be passed this year which will require all new houses and buildings to have electric vehicle charging stations. The Government said the move will see up to 145,000 charging points installed across England each year, in the hopes it will make charging an EV as easy as “refuelling a petrol or diesel car today”. The changes will also require all newly-built and refurbished non-residential buildings with more than 10 on-site parking spaces to have at least one charge point – as well as cable routes for at least one in five spaces. Meanwhile, blocks of flats undergoing major renovation with more than 10 on-site parking spaces will need to provide residents with chargers. For each dwelling with associated parking, there should be at least one charge point, as well as cable routes in all spaces without charge points. The Government had previously announced that all new-build homes could be fitted with an electric car charge point in 2019. READ MORE: London’s ULEZ scheme to cover all of the capital from next year Ian Johnston, CEO of Osprey Charging, spoke of how newly built car parks and retail developments will benefit from the EV charger law. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “The changes in the planning regulations have been really quite effective in making sure that any new build car park not only has a day one installation of charging infrastructure but is also future proofed for more. “That is great. We’ve had a number of leads coming to us with people saying they were building a new retail park and they’ve got to have electric chargers, so let's talk. “That's fantastic because it’s forcing people to open the conversation. DON'T MISSNew diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ [WARNING]Massive law changes to equip homes with EV chargers is 'frustrating' [INSIGHT]Andy Burnham calls for car tax U-turn after Clean Air Zone backlash [SHOCKING] “There are still thousands of retail parks, supermarkets and huge car parks which are calling out for charging infrastructure. “If each of those sites in every town across the UK had a charging hub, it would change the landscape. “That's where people like ourselves are focused on rolling out as well as of course, creating new roadside sites and working at the services as well.” Over the next four years, Osprey Charging will see over 150 high powered electric vehicle charging hubs open across the UK. Each hub will host up to 12 rapid chargers with a max charging power of between 150 and 175kW, totalling 1,500 units nationwide. These charging stations are capable of adding 100 miles of range in as little as 10 minutes. This is part of a £75million programme which includes ground-breaking new charger optimisation technology to enable locations to host multiple high-power chargers on a single site, in the UK first. The Government has not yet announced when the law change will occur, with many expecting it to be introduced at some point within the next nine months. At the time of the announcement in November 2021, Boris Johnson told the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) that it was a “pivotal moment”. He added: “We have to adapt our economy to the green industrial revolution. “We have to use our massive investment in science and technology and we have to raise our productivity and then we have to get out your way. “We must regulate less or better and take advantage of new freedoms. “We will require new homes and buildings to have EV charging points – with another 145,000 charging points to be installed thanks to these regulations.”