George Russell has expressed concerns about the Mercedes car heading into this week's first race of the 2022 season. Lewis Hamilton has already claimed that Mercedes won't be competing for wins next season, and now Russell has warned Red Bull and Ferrari could be the frontrunners. This week, Russell said: "It's definitely bouncing a lot - it's not the comfiest! "I don't really care about comfort if performance is there but at the moment the performance isn't there, we do seem a step behind our rivals. "We do have a lot of work to do between now and next week to understand because in every condition, the Red Bull and the Ferrari seem a step ahead of us." Mercedes had high hopes for 2022 after they announced Russell as Hamilton's new teammate, but the newbie's competitive spirit could lead to tension, it has been claimed. Lord Peter Hain, a Labour peer and Vice-chairman of the All-Party Parliamentary Group on F1, who is a friend of Hamilton’s, suggested that the new addition’s talent could lead to a “healthy” competitive tension among Mercedes’ ranks, but only if it is “done properly”. He said: "Russell is a huge talent, and I think he will be a real asset to Mercedes. "He's faster and more consistent than Bottas was. A couple of Brits at the top in the same team will be exciting and great for the British racing scene. "Teammates are always both racing in the interests of the team but also with each other. "There's bound to be competitive tension in that relationship, which is probably healthy if it is done properly." Last October, Hamilton addressed how he felt about his new teammate and what he expected from the new partnership going forward. Speaking to Channel 4, the seven time champion said: “George I imagine is going to be similar to me when I got to Formula 1, he’s going to be hungry, he’s got everything to gain nothing to lose, throw everything and the kitchen sink at it. “That’s what I would expect. He will get amazing support from our engineers. “He’s got an amazing amount of support to be welcomed in, and we will try to work as teammates. READ MORE: Vettel copies Hamilton with retirement vow but makes Alonso point “There is respect there, but I know he is going to win races. I know he is going to be fast, I’m sure if we have got the package he will do a great job. “There will be times where he is at the front and I’m okay with that.” Russell's competitive spirit was seen at Imola in April, when he appeared to swipe Bottas across the helmet after they crashed. Mercedes Team Principal Toto Wolff was unhappy with the collision, and criticised Russell after the race, saying: “Valtteri had a bad first 30 laps, and shouldn’t have been there. “But George should have never launched into this manoeuvre, considering that the track was drying up. It meant taking risks, and the other car was a Mercedes in front of him. "In any driver’s development, for a young driver, you must never lose this global perspective. So yeah, lots to learn for him I guess.” DON'T MISS Martin Brundle explains Hamilton's biggest problem after F1 retirement [INSIGHT] Horner trolls Mercedes and explains Hamilton and Verstappen 'tension' [ANALYSIS] Lewis Hamilton makes alarming Mercedes admission [INSIGHT] Russell apologised after the race, and said: “[Sunday] wasn’t my proudest day. I knew it would be one of the best opportunities to score points this season and, when these points matter as much as they do to us right now, sometimes you take risks. It didn’t pay off and I have to take responsibility for that. “Having had time to reflect on what happened afterwards, I know I should have handled the whole situation better. "Emotions can run high in the heat of the moment and mine got the better of me. I apologise to Valtteri, my team, and anyone who felt let down by my actions. “That’s not who I am and I expect more from myself, as I know others expect from me. “I have learned some tough lessons this weekend and will come out of this a better driver and a better person for the experience.”