Manchester United could encounter a familiar problem if they appoint Mauricio Pochettino as their next head coach. The former Tottenham boss has been linked with the soon-to-be vacant role at Old Trafford. The Red Devils are stepping up their search for a new manager as the season draws to a close. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick is expected to move aside at the end of the campaign. Rangnick insisted when he was appointed that he could recommend himself to become the next permanent head coach. But United’s inconsistent form under the German surely rules him out. The Old Trafford outfit appear to have a four-man shortlist for the job. According to Sky Sports, Pochettino, Ajax’s Erik Ten Hag, Sevilla’s Julen Lopetegui and Spain’s Luis Enrique are all being considered.   JUST IN: Bruno Guimaraes sends bold Newcastle message to Man City and Liverpool Ten Hag remains the favourites. Several reports have claimed the Dutchman was interviewed by United earlier this week, with other candidates to be spoken to in the coming days and weeks. That will likely mean an approach to Paris Saint-Germain to speak to Pochettino. The Argentine’s spell in France has not gone entirely to plan. Pochettino was appointed in January 2021 but saw his side pipped to Ligue 1 by Lille in a huge shock for French football. The Parisians were then dumped out of the Champions League by Manchester City.   DON'T MISS...Everton transfer plan offers Arsenal hope they can sign Calvert-LewinWhat Man Utd have said as 'clear favourite' Ten Hag interviews for jobMan Utd 'have already interviewed Erik ten Hag' with Ajax exit touted PSG are well on course to regain their Ligue 1 title this season but it is Europe where it matters most to the club. The last-16 capitulation against Real Madrid a fortnight ago has left Pochettino’s job hanging by a thread. But there are other issues behind the scenes that hint at possible future problems at Man Utd if Pochettino is appointed. According to several reports, the 50-year-old has fallen out with a couple of his key players and has struggled to manage the big egos in the club’s squad. RMCSport have claimed forward Neymar is a particular problem. They sensationally claim that the Brazilian apparently ‘does not train’ and ‘arrives every morning almost drunk’. A switch to United could cause issues for Pochettino, where a similar squad with strong personalities might be a problem for the ex-Argentina international. Interim boss Rangnick already appears to have fallen out with some players during his brief spell in charge, which should raise alarm bells for Pochettino. Rangnick has publicly aired frustrations with the likes of Anthony Martial and Cristiano Ronaldo. How Pochettino deals with those characters would be his biggest test should he win the job. In Pochettino’s defence, he did not appear to have such issues at Spurs. But his PSG dressing room struggles are the biggest red flag against his name should United pursue their interest.