Bargain Hunt continues to air on BBC One and the antiques series tours different parts of the UK with alternate hosts taking over the proceedings. Charlie Ross has been a part of the TV show for 10 years, and a presenter for seven. He spoke to Express.co.uk about his childhood and how he came to be a world-renowned auctioneer. Charlie Ross is known and loved for being one of the more upbeat and eccentric presenters on Bargain Hunt. He has toured the world with his gavel, leading some unique and unusual auctions. However, he had not always planned to be an auctioneer, with his heart originally set on the health sector. He said: "There is absolutely no family connection whatsoever [to auctioneering]. "When I was at school I was going to be a dentist but didn't pass the exams to get to medical school in London. READ MORE: Ochuko Ojiri age: How old is the Bargain Hunt expert? "I left school at 18 and had to do something. I got involved in the market and they said I would auction pens of chickens in 1968, for about three schillings a pen. "I was obviously competent as I went on to auction the turkeys before Christmas. "The company I worked for had an auction room in Buckingham, I loved the idea of auctions. "It was by chance and fate of circumstance." His children have gone in different directions in their careers and his wife has not been involved in the business. Opening up on one of his biggest success stories, he said: "My biggest break was in 2004 when an American guy who had vintage car auctions got in touch. "He said about Pebble Beach and how he needed an auctioneer and he had been given my name. "I didn't dare tell him that I had never been to America and I had never sold anything in dollars. "One car sold for $4million and that was very exciting." After a year’s absence due to COVID-19 restrictions, Charlie returned to Pebble Beach. DON'T MISS... Bargain Hunt's Charlie Ross recalls Happy Mondays' Bez 'cheating' [INTERVIEW] Bargain Hunt's Charlie Ross on retirement 'Onwards and upwards' [INSIGHT] Charlie Ross children: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? [EXPLAINER] The two-day auction in August 2021 totalled over $107 million. One of the biggest lots was a 1995 McLaren F1, which sold for over $20 million. At one stage Charlie held the record for the highest price ever achieved for a car sold by auction in the USA. However, his record for the Duesenberg car sale has now been surpassed by another auctioneer. Besides Vintage car auctions, he is known for hosting charity auctions for famous faces. He spoke out about working with the likes of Elton John and Sting. He said: "Elton John's single-mindedness in trying to eradicate AIDS is always amazing. "How incredibly focussed he was and how efficient his charity is. "He funds everything, pays for the office and any expenses so every pound raised goes directly towards the cause which is splendid. "I have taken his focus on board."  Bargain Hunt airs on BBC One on weekdays at 12.15pm.