As staff celebrated Gatwick Airport reopening, some passengers faced train chaos. Southern Rail cancelled several trains as the airport reopened on Sunday. Passengers travelling to Gatwick on March 29 faced some delays between East Croydon and the airport. National Rail tweeted: “Delays between East Croydon and Gatwick Airport until approximately 9.45am.” It later added: “Lines have now reopened and trains are returning to normal following a road vehicle colliding with a bridge between East Croydon and Gatwick airport. “Trains running between these stations may still be delayed by up to 30 minutes.” READ MORE: Venice gives tourists water pistols to take on seagulls As the airport reopened on Sunday, CEO Stewart Wingate, said: “It’s an enormous relief, for me personally, but I think more importantly for everyone who takes their livelihoods from the airport.” He told BBC South East Today: “The airlines who see their booking data come in, passengers actually booking seats on the aircraft, that’s what informs Gatwick of the passenger demand that we’re likely to see. “There is overwhelming evidence that we are going to have a really busy summer operating a whole host of existing airlines and new airlines.”  Wizz Air has announced 18 new routes from Gatwick, including to popular destinations such as Greece and Bulgaria. TAP Air Portugal, Iberia Express and Norwegian are all flying out of the airport’s South Terminal now. British Airways will offer 35 short-haul flights from Gatwick’s South Terminal while easyJet will operate from both terminals. British Airways destinations from Gatwick include Faro, Tenerife, Dalaman and Santorini. The airport has renovated the terminal’s facilities while it was closed as well as recruiting thousands of new workers. Gatwick said it was expecting 3000 percent more flights this April, in the highest number of departures since December 2019. Meanwhile, several airports in the UK and Ireland are facing issues as they struggle with staff shortages. Passengers have faced hefty queues at security in Manchester Airport as it grapples with staff sickness. People travelling from Dublin Airport have also faced significant issues with long queues at check in. Manchester Airport said it was hiring more staff. Security staff often have to go through extensive checks and training before starting work. British tourists may also face lengthy queues at popular European destinations this summer. Britons now have to join the non-EU queue and will need to get their passports stamped before entering the EU.   