BAFTAs 2022 kicked off on Sunday night and saw a host of celebrities take to the red carpet with plenty of glitz and glamour. Actress Rebel Wilson returned to the prestigious awards after having a long-standing reputation of stealing the show, and this year she is the main host of the awards. As she stepped onto the stage to thank her fellow colleagues for attending the event, she took a cheeky swipe at the Royal Family and Prince Andrew by referencing his comment about being in Pizza Express during an interview. Walking out onto the BAFTA stage, Rebel Wilson joked: “I was going to do a musical number as host; it was about Prince Andrew. “It was on rollerskates, it was called Pizza Express but don’t worry, I’m not going to do it, I’m not going to sing. “I’m saving my voice for the sequel to Cats," as the audience laughed in awkwardness. The comment links back to Prince Andrew claiming he had been eating at Pizza Express on the night he is accused of seducing Virginia Giuffre. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson crosses Russian border for The Grand Tour In an interview with BBC Newsnight's Emily Maitlis, he told her: "I can absolutely categorically tell you it never happened. "That couldn’t have happened because the date being suggested — the 10th of March — I was at home with the children. “I’d taken Beatrice to a Pizza Express in Woking for a party at about four or five in the afternoon. “And then, because the Duchess was away, we have a simple rule in the family that when one is away, the other is there." He added that it was something he had remembered because it was such an unusual task for him to have upheld. "Because going to Pizza Express in Woking is a very unusual thing for me to do. “I’ve never been . . . I’ve only been to Woking a couple of times, and I remember it weirdly distinctly. As soon as somebody reminded me of it, I went, ‘Oh yes, I remember that.'” Rebel also aimed her jokes at the Royal Family at the 2020 BAFTAs after "pretending" to forget the name of The Royal Albert Hall. DON'T MISS...BAFTAs guests given strict warning amid Russia’s invasion of Ukraine [INSIGHT]Aled Jones says BAFTA-nominated daughter Emilia is ‘too busy’ for him [LATEST]Meghan Markle’s snub of BAFTAs after charity trip: ‘My gut said no’ [WATCH] She teased: "It is really great to be here at the royal Andrew, uh uh...royal Harry, no...the royal Phil...the royal palace place." Her joke came at a particularly sensitive time as news of Prince Andrew's friendship with Jeffrey Epstein and the scandal around Epstein's sex abuse had been revealed. The audience gasped after hearing Rebel say the Duke of York's name, and when the camera panned to the audience, it was clear that Kate Middleton and Prince William, who were both in attendance, were not particularly impressed. Mentioning Prince Harry was also a sore spot for the Royal Family as earlier that year, he and his wife Meghan Markle "stepped back" from their royal duties. The couple's decision was met with mixed reactions from the public and Royal Family. It was clear that mentioning Prince Andrew and Prince Harry was something that Prince William and Kate may not have been prepared for. This has been a recurring issue for royals, who are often the butt of the joke at these engagements. BAFTAs 2022 is available to watch on BBC iPlayer