Wheeler Dealers: Dream Cars airs on Discovery and the new TV series features some emotional moments. Mike Brewer is on hand to make people's motoring dreams come true, through trades and money-making deals. Mike and his co-star Marc 'Elvis' Priestly spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the new projects. In the latest season Mike and his team meet members of the public with inspirational stories. Through circumstances beyond their control, their prospect of owning the ultimate car has slipped out of their grasp. With a lot of hard work and a few miracles, they turn a CCTV engineer's Skoda into an Audi Q7, for example. Elvis Priestly, a mechanic on the series, explained how every challenge they take on is "massive". He told Express.co.uk: "If it was easy, the person wouldn't need our support. READ MORE: Wheeler Dealers Mike Brewer urges drivers to maintain classic cars "Mike doesn't choose the car we start with, in one particular episode Mike met a very deserving lady called Kate. "She has a number of children and does a lot of charity work for a non-profit charity she set up. "She had no car at all, she wanted a Mini Countryman worth thousands of pounds but she had nothing to start with." The aim of the series is for Mike to trade up until he has enough money to buy the car the guest has always dreamed of. The star added: "Normally Mike comes back and brings me something [to work with], sometimes it's a good car, sometimes it's not, but we just had £500." In order to achieve Kate's dream car, the team had to work with whatever they could find in the workshop. Detailing another tricky incident from the series, Elvis continued: "One of the cars Mike brought me back from an initial meeting, he broke down on the way back. "I had to rescue him on a trailer. There are a lot of these challenges that are very tough. "We have to think outside the box, we go above and beyond because we are doing it for such a good cause and that's the driving force behind these things." He explained how the team are often close to breaking point because of the emotional pressure. DON'T MISS... Wheeler Dealers' Mike Brewer admits guests were left ‘in tears' [INSIGHT]Wheeler Dealers: Dream Car returns - Mike Brewer praises new series [INTERVIEW] Salvage Hunters star on emotional restoration reveal to widow [INSIGHT] The mechanic continued: "In any challenge in any normal day it would be very close to breaking us. "We get very close to being broken on this show. "It's that end goal that keeps driving us towards achieving what we set out to achieve. "We are both exhausted by the end of this, genuinely, but it doesn't matter when we finally get to hand over the end product." In upcoming episodes, NHS worker Mark shares his dream of owning a classic sports car, a Caterham 7. Mike and Elvis have a special task on their hands due to the tough time Mark has had, having been diagnosed with ulcerative colitis and requiring major surgery, before developing arthritis. This means he may not be able to walk in the future. Mike is determined to get him his dream sports car while he can still enjoy it.  Catch weekly episodes of series two of Wheeler Dealers: Dream Cars on Discovery on Mondays at 9pm. The series is available to stream on Discovery+. Season 16 of Wheeler Dealers returns to Quest on Thursday, April 7.