Hidden places include treehouses, woodland cabins, shepherd's huts and yurts. Here are some incredible places available this Easter. For those looking to be in contact with nature, their best option will be a woodland cabin. A rustic handmade cabin in Cornwall is ideal to explore the beautiful coastline away from the day to day stress. The description on Canopy & Stars reads: "As you step into the Woodland Cabin, handmade entirely from local and upcycled wood, and scramble up the chunky ladder to double bed on the mezzanine, you get a feel for their commitment to sustainability and their endless ingenuity." A review written by holidaymaker Anna read: "My husband, dog and I had a wonderful stay at Mill Valley Yurts. From arriving at the cabin, Lisa and Neil were very welcoming and made us feel at home right away. READ MORE: DEAL OF THE DAY: British Airways Holidays launches holiday deals "The cabin itself was magical. Clean and beautifully decorated. "I would definitely recommend Mill Valley Yurts to anyone looking for a relaxing break away from the hustle and bustle!" A shepherd's hut in Kent can be the perfect option for those looking to disconnect to reconnect. The description reads: "Cook your breakfast which is waiting in the fridge and drink your mug of steaming coffee whilst listening to the pheasants and partridges.  "Order supper or cook over the fire-pit, then have a wander around the surrounding fields, valleys, and woods, looking out for all the wildlife, pheasants, hares and deer or watch the stars come out from the big swinging chair. "Watch the comings and goings of the Red kites, Buzzards and Owls. "Take a picnic on a walk or to hidden sandy beaches near Margate for lunch by the sea." A yurt is another popular option among staycationers. A charming and cosy yurt for two with a hot tub in Devon sounds like the most idyllic getaway. "A yurt on the edge of town - unusual, and great if you’re looking for a little less adventure than the wild woods. "In the garden of Yvette's slate-clad Victorian house, there’s a wooden deck supporting a cosy, rustic yurt, furnished in tasteful, neutral colours and handmade from local oak and ash in Devon. "Cushions, rugs, blankets and reindeer skins cover the bed and floors - a perfect nest!" reads the description on Canopy and Stars. A treehouse is another great way to spend a dreamy staycation. "This is a stylish and luxury treehouse on the edge of a sleepy Somerset village but just a few miles from Bath," says on Coolstays. All the selected stays cost around £100 to £200 a night between April 15 and April 18.