US President Joe Biden branded Russian President Vladimir Putin a "war criminal" yesterday. In a chaotic scene, reporters crowded around Biden after an event at the White House where he was celebrating the reauthorisation of the Violence Against Women Act. Biden was asked if Putin is a war criminal and he said: “I think he is a war criminal.” Russia is continuing with its invasion of Ukraine, with major cities such Kharkiv and the capital Kyiv coming under heavy bombardment. In fact, the Russian defence ministry admitted last week to using a thermobaric vacuum bomb in Ukraine. The Ukrainian newspaper Ukrayinska Pravda also said that a Russian artilleryman, Sergeant Sergei Gubarev, had told a state-owned TV station he had used the weapon. Their information came from a report broadcast on Zvezda, a Russian state-owned nationwide television network run by the Russian ministry of defence. The weapons launch rockets from atop a tank body that suck in surrounding oxygen, creating higher temperatures and more damaging explosions that last longer than conventional blasts. Thermobaric weapons are known formally as TOS-1A. The UK's Ministry of Defence explained their impact in a video, saying: "The impact of the TOS-1A is devastating. "It can destroy infrastructure and cause significant damage to internal organs and flash burns, resulting in death to those exposed." Ukrainian MP Inna Sovsun told Express.co.uk that she doesn't care what is motivating the Russian leader, saying that he has gone "completely crazy". She also warned Russia will continue to escalate the attacks on major cities, highlighting the use of deadly vacuum bombs. Ms Sovsun said: "Of course they will escalate, that needs to be accepted. They have already used vacuum bombs, which are forbidden by Geneva convention. "Putin will get frustrated, and the whole world needs to accept that he has gone crazy – he is not in his sane mind. "He is just completely crazy and there is nothing you can do to prevent him getting even more crazy. We can give up and he will go crazy, we can fight and he will go crazy. READ MORE: Lavrov signals Russia on brink of huge concession "The only way to resist this is to help Ukrainians fight back. "It's difficult for him to escalate on the ground. Ukrainian forces are kicking their a**** on the ground, so what they will be doing is escalating the situation from the air." The US government has also warned that Russia could be planning to use chemical weapons in Ukraine. During an appearance on CNN on Tuesday, Secretary of State Antony Blinken said that Russia’s “loose talk” regarding their nuclear weapons capabilities is “the height of irresponsibility” but said it was something officials were “very focused on.” He added: “There’s a lot of bad loose talk and bluster. At the same time, I have to tell you, we have real concerns that Russia could use a chemical weapon, another weapon of mass destruction. This is something we’re very focused on. “Unfortunately, we’ve seen them use or acquiesce to its use before in Syria, with Syria using these weapons, using them itself, trying to assassinate its opponents, including in the United Kingdom. So, this is something we are very focused on." DON'T MISS Russia warns it can put US in ‘their place' in grim threat [INSIGHT] Putin fears see mission to Mars CANCELLED as partnership ‘impossible’ [ANALYSIS] How to help Ukraine: What YOU can do to help amid horror invasion [INSIGHT] While Russia's attacks from the air have caused damage, it appears progress has been harder to come by on the ground. Ms Sovsun said Ukrainian forces are "kicking the a****" of Russian soldiers. Urging the West to step in and provide more military support, she said: "Ukraine's army has been kicking their a***, the Russian army is not as strong as it is meant to be, they are badly equipped, their morale is bad. "It is not actually that strong an army – and compared to NATO's armies, I don't think Russia can stand in that fight. "I know there is this nuclear threat everyone is mentioning, but I think it is overstated. "After all, there are some less crazy people in Putin's surroundings who won't let that happen. Some people in Russian intelligence are providing information to the West and to Ukraine. "I believe these people will prevent the worst from happening."