Russia's military claims to have captured Ukraine's southern port city of Kherson. Local authorities are still asserting that the city is under Ukrainian control. But images posted to social media appear to show Russian tanks and soldiers with white arm bands patrolling central Kherson. On the seventh day of conflict, Russia battered Ukraine's second largest city, Kharkiv, with missiles and rockets, targeting public and cultural infrastructure including an opera house, concert hall and government offices. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said Russia's actions were tantamount to war crimes. The conflict has sparked widespread fear across Europe and stirred into action leaders from all corners of the continent. It has also forced people to cast their attention to the preceding years in a bid to spot any sign of where current events could have been avoided. One of the recent aspects of politics that some people suggested is to blame for current events is the Brexit vote. John Nicholson, writing in a piece for Football 365 this week, made the case that football must "decouple from big money", drawing on various examples of oligarchs and sheiks owning football clubs. He argued that Vladimir Putin had used such tactics alongside manipulating Donald Trump and Brexit to reach his goals, suggesting that the referendum has in part played a role in today's war. Talking about the UK Government, Mr Nicholson wrote: "Pity they did not think that super wealthy foreign nationals, oligarchs, sheikhs and states owning our football clubs and much of the infrastructure and utilities of this country was actually surrendering our nation to powers who do not have our best interests at heart. "Vladimir Putin wanted to destabilise and weaken the EU and he used Brexit and Donald Trump to do it. "It made Putin’s self-belief stronger. "Look at how he could manipulate the western fools. "Now look where that has led." JUST IN: ‘Visibility below 50m’ as Britain engulfed with thick fog Others too have pointed at Brexit as being one of the factors in Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Marcus Chown, an author, told his nearly 50,000 Twitter followers that there was a direct link between the two things. He said: "Unfortunately, a vote for Brexit was a vote for Putin to invade Ukraine because it weakened the Western alliance and emboldened Putin. "Putin’s people engineered this by bankrolling the Conservative Party and the Brexit campaign, which is why Johnson has hidden the Russia Report." That report, a 50-page document from Parliament’s Intelligence and Security committee, was published in July 2020 and was widely criticised for being heavily redacted. DON'T MISS 6 Russian oligarchs with links to Conservative Party [REPORTS] Restaurant hits back at moaning diner who keeps coming back [INSIGHT] Truss crushes Belarus as UK directly targets officials with sanctions [ANALYSIS] It suggested the Government failed to conduct a proper assessment of attempts by the Kremlin to interfere with the Brexit referendum in 2016. Former civil servant and former Liberal Democrat candidate for London Mayor Siobhan Benita posed a similar argument, suggesting it was a “shame that all those patriots who voted for Brexit didn't ask a few more questions about why Russia was so keen for the UK to leave the European Union”. Another writer, Chris Hoar, also took to Twitter to voice his anger at the UK over the situation in Ukraine. He wrote: “Downing street lit up in Ukrainian colours whilst suspending visas for Ukrainian nationals. “If you want a real example of 'virtue signalling' that is it!” Mr Hoar added: “To be clear, I am talking about the suspension of visa applications for Ukrainians currently in Ukraine unless they are married to a Brit, and it's f***ing appalling! “Meanwhile Ireland has done the opposite and suspended the need for a visa completely!” The debate appears to have remained largely online as UK and European political figures wrack their brains about how to help Ukraine, while squeezing Russia. Already, myriad sanctions have been imposed on Moscow and some individuals with ties to the Kremlin. These have included restrictions on finance and the economy, industry and transport, as well as sporting events. The EU, US, UK and Canada have agreed to prevent the Russian central bank from deploying its €640billion (£540billion) of international reserves “in ways that undermine the impact of our sanctions”. Prime Minister Boris Johnson is expected to take further action against Russia this week in order to, as Chancellor Rishi Sunak described: "Apply severe economic sanctions in response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine."