The Jamaica Inn, Cornwall's most famous smugglers inn, made the decision following a recent visit by The Duke of Beaufort’s Hunt which is said to be “the favourite hunt” of the Prince of Wales. The Duke of Beaufort Hunt is known to be one of the most prestigious hunts in the country. Members of the Royal Family have ridden out with the group in the past, including Prince William and Prince Charles. The Prince of Wales is also said to have purchased his county home Highgrove near Tetbury, Gloucestershire to be close to the Beaufort Hunt. The Jamaica Inn on Bodmin Moor is known as the setting immortalised in Daphne du Maurier's 1936 novel of the same name. Built in 1750 as a coaching inn – the 18th century equivalent of a modern-day service station for weary travellers – the Cornish pub has been a common venue for hunting parties to meet outside of for over a century. But in a post on Facebook, the pub said it would be banning hunts from meeting on the premises. It said it made the decision after their local hunt invited The Duke of Beaufort’s Hunt there last week. The arrival of the hunt from Gloucestershire last Saturday was the last straw for the pub's owners. Posting on Facebook the pub said they had previously been happy to allow hunts to meet at the pub due to the tradition. READ MORE: Prince George and Charlotte use non-royal names at school to fit in However, the arrival of the large Beaufort Hunt disrupted what owner Allen Jackson says are usually modest meetings. In a post, the pub said: “In the past, the Inn’s position on hunting has always been clear – not supported other than to allow Hunts to start from the Inn because of the one hundred year tradition of doing so. “It was something the current owner, Allen Jackson, was not comfortable breaking as he saw himself as a ‘temporary custodian’ and not for him to make such a decision. He has never personally hunted or even shot before. “However, last Saturday the local Hunt invited the Beaufort Hunt to join their usual modest gathering which the Owner sees as extremely ill-advised. DON'T MISS ‘Stunning’ Kate Middleton sparks online explosion [INSIGHT] Prince Harry ‘mindful’ of Queen after tough year [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Do YOU think it's time for Queen to step back and rest? [POLL] “Taking this fully into account and the passionate views of some of the Inn’s customers the owner has decided to no longer allow any future Hunt at Jamaica Inn.” The decision has been met with approval from locals and on social media, as the post has racked up almost 3,000 likes and over eight hundred comments. One respondent called Vivien South wrote: “Some traditions need to stop, this being one and too long overdue!” before adding, “100% the right decision, so, good on the owner for taking this step to stop animal abuse and maintaining a healthy business in these difficult times.” Another called Gabriel Fleming wrote: “Thank you, guys. Your choice to support wildlife rather than the human desire to kill for entertainment is kind and compassionate. I only hope more see the wisdom in your judgement.” While Zoe Burkill wrote: “Best decision, well done. The hunts need to know they are not welcome, 'tradition' just doesn't cut it.” A fourth, Louise Cowan, added: “Thank you for making the right decision. Am sure you will be well thought of for this which can only bring you further custom and preserve your long-held reputation as one of Cornwall's emblems.” Prince Charles' Duchy of Cornwall manages 18,710 acres of land in Cornwall - which comprises 13 percent of the whole Duchy estate.