Anthony Joshua has insisted he would defeat fellow British heavyweight Joe Joyce in the first round if the duo ever got in the ring together. The pair have been tipped to go head-to-head if Joshua’s rematch with Oleksandr Usyk is canned. Joshua last fought in September when he suffered a shock loss to Ukrainian Usyk at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. The Briton had been favourite to win the contest but struggled to cope with his opponent’s movement and variety. And Usyk won courtesy of a unanimous points decision to become the unified heavyweight world champion. Joshua activated a rematch clause in the aftermath of the contest as he looks to win back the WBA, IBF and WBO heavyweight titles. And there was talk of the second bout taking place in May. MUST READ: 'Help me win hardest fight', says Ukrainian boxer Klitschko But the showdown has been thrown into jeopardy after Usyk returned to Ukraine to help defend his country against Russia’s invasion. Joyce and Swedish boxer Otto Wallin have both been touted as potential replacements if the Watford-born fighter finds himself without an opponent. And Joshua has claimed that there would only be one winner if he entered the ring with either fighter. “Rolls Eyes - you really think I wouldn’t fight @JoeJoyceBoxing,” Joshua wrote on Twitter. DON'T MISS   “Lol ok… I’ve shared this ring with most people you see in the heavyweight division today,” the 32-year-old penned in a separate post. “I boxed Otto Wallin twice as youngsters & I boxed Joe and stopped him in 1 round. I’d do the same thing today! Ain’t nothing changed.” Joshua’s defeat to Usyk was only the second time he had been beaten during his professional career. But the 2012 London Olympic champion was in a reflected mood after the fight. “Keep positive even if the world’s crumbling in front of you,” Joshua tweeted following his loss. “London I love you and thank you each and every time!”   And earlier this year Joshua insisted he would redeem himself when he fights Usyk again. “I belong on the big stage, I belong as a champion,” Joshua said in January. “I belong among the names of this current generation - and you’ll see why. “If I didn’t fight the best, I may not have lost. “I know people have high expectations of me as well. I think sometimes that’s why they’re shocked. And I have high expectations of myself as well. “I went in there and I just lost to the better man that night and it hurt. But it gave me motivation to pull myself out of that position where mentally it killed me. “And I fought my way back and I’ll redeem myself.” 