 In January last year, Brexit came into effect after the end of the transition period. Almost immediately, the effects were seen in terms of the UK’s vaccine rollout, which helped the Government relax Covid restrictions sooner than many EU nations. However, critics have noted that the UK has not yet seen the economic benefits promised during the Brexit referendum campaign, in part due to the financial implications of coronavirus. The Government is facing pressure to tackle the UK’s cost of living crisis, with the Bank of England having predicted a record increase in household energy bills from April. Meanwhile inflation, as measured by the official consumer prices index, jumped to 5.4 percent in December, which was its highest rate in thirty years. The increase is due to the snapback in goods and services after Covid lockdown, when prices sharply fell, with advanced economies across the world also dealing with similar problems. However, Dr Bull who is Deputy Leader of Reform UK, previously known as the Brexit Party, believed that the Government’s handling of Brexit has been poor. Read More: Remainer slammed for telling Brits to 'wear jumpers' amid gas hike  He claimed that Mr Johnson had merely “doubled down” on the EU’s policy of high tax and high regulation over a low tax and low regulation economy, citing rising inflation and Rishi Sunak’s National Insurance hike as evidence. Speaking to Express.co.uk, the former Tory MP said: “I think the Government has just doubled on where the European Union is. “We’re now a high tax, high regulation, low growth economy and you can see that with the fact we’ve got rising inflation, National Insurance [rise] coming in, our tax bills coming up. “This isn’t what people voted for!”  When asked what Reform UK would have done differently, Dr Bull said: “What we should have done is to say ‘Right, this is where the future begins, we’re going to slash tax, we’re going to get a flat tax across the board for example.’ “We're going to slash VAT, we’re doing these trade deals, we’re going to bring in the brightest talent. But they didn’t do that.” Dr Bull insisted he does not regret his decision to campaign and vote for Brexit. However, he graded Brexit’s first year as “four out of ten”, insisting that he was being “generous”. Don't Miss:Brexit betrayal: Johnson ‘not doing what he said’ on 'nutty' policy[ANALYSIS]British expats tipped for Spanish exodus over Brexit red-tape[INSIGHT]Hugh Grant's Brexit whinge as he declared UK is ‘finished’[OPINION]  When assessing the successes and failures during Brexit’s first year, Dr Bull said: “Has anyone actually noticed any difference? No is the honest answer. “What worries me most is you’ve got this brigade of Remainers that actually should be called ‘Rejoiners’ like [Andrew] Adonis, [Peter] Mandelson and so on, and actually they are pointing out the fact that there’s no discernable difference at the moment. “And actually I think they’re right, and all we’ve done by not grasping that nettle is to say, ‘Actually, if there is no discernible difference, we would be better off back in the EU!’” Dr Bull was scathing of the Brexit deal, claiming that former Prime Minister Theresa May had fallen into a “trap” set up by the EU when agreeing to a six year adjustment period with the bloc on fishing.  Meanwhile, he labelled the Northern Ireland Protocol, which has disrupted trade between Great Britain and Northern Ireland as “catastrophic”. The UK and EU agreed that documents checks and inspections for goods delivered between Northern Ireland and Great Britain would not take place along the Irish border, so as to honour the Good Friday Agreement. However, this led to criticism as a trade border had essentially been created in the Irish Sea. Dr Bull said: “We’ve ended up in the ridiculous situation where the United Kingdom has been carved up.  “Could you imagine taking a bit of Spain off? It would be untenable. A bit of France? “Taking Northern Ireland out of the United Kingdom and putting an artificial border in the Irish Sea, I think is catastrophic. “The whole point about not creating a hard border on the island of Ireland, yes I get that, and the Good Friday Agreement, I get all of that. “But essentially the Prime Minister has threatened the integrity of the United Kingdom and I think that’s unforgivable.”