Last week, the Russian President launched a full-scale invasion of the former Soviet country despite weeks of talks and threats of sanctions from the West. Now in protest of the invasion, several companies have halted sales. Now, Wetherspoons have joined the increasing number of businesses opposing the invasion and have pulled Russian beer from every fridge of their pubs up and down the country. Putin's hometown brew, Baltika Lager, has also been removed from sale. A Wetherspoon spokesman said: "In light of the situation in Ukraine we just felt that we could not stock it anymore. "As of today all those beers won't be available in any Wetherspoon pub and either have been or are in the process of being returned to the Carlsberg distributor. "We are not implying in any way that anyone involved with the brewery is directly involved with what's going on but we thought in light of the current situation our pubs don't want to be serving Russian beers." Wetherspoons also sells Smirnoff vodka, which is owned by London firm Diageo and is produced in different distilleries around the world. Nightcap group, which owns venues The Cocktail Club, has also paused all sales of vodka in its 25 bars. Well-known CompareTheMarket adverts featuring meerkats with Russian accents are being pulled from TV news programming due to the war. READ MORE: Russia captain Artem Dzyuba retaliates in attack on Ukraine's stars Cosmetics chain Lush has said it will close its 15 stores in Ukraine due to the invasion. On Tuesday, Apple Inc said it was halting all exports into the country and is limiting use of Apple Pay and other services. In a statement, they said: "We are deeply concerned about the Russian invasion of Ukraine and stand with all of the people who are suffering as a result of the violence. "We are supporting humanitarian efforts, providing aid for the unfolding refugee crisis, and doing all we can to support our teams in the region." DON'T MISS Truss crushes Belarus as UK directly targets officials with sanctions [INSIGHT] Apple bans all sales in Russia amid invasion of Ukraine [REVEAL]Texas man sparks fury as he shares video from Russia front line [COMMENT] The company outlined a number of actions in response to the invasion, including stopping all exports into its sales channels in the country. Apple Pay and other services have been limited, the company said. The Russian state media, RT News and Sputnik News, are no longer available for download from the Apple Store outside Russia. On Tuesday, users in Russia were still able to access Apple's online store but attempts to buy an iPhone showed that they were not available for delivery. Several major Hollywood entertainment companies have also said they are pausing the upcoming release of films following the invasion. Warner Bros, Sony Pictures, The Walt Disney Company and Paramount Pictures announced the news as Russian military forces continued their attacks in the country. As well as pausing the release of its films, Disney said it would work with its NGO partners to provide "urgent aide and other humanitarian assistance" to refugees. In a statement, they said: "Given the unprovoked invasion of Ukraine and the tragic humanitarian crisis, we are pausing the theatrical release of films in Russia, including the upcoming Turning Red from Pixar. "We will make future business decisions based on the evolving situation. "In the meantime, given the scale of the emerging refugee crisis, we are working with our NGO partners to provide urgent aide and other humanitarian assistance to refugees."