Nikita Mazepin has reacted angrily to having his Formula 1 career cut short, following Haas' decision to drop him just two weeks before the start of the new season. The Russian lashed out both at his former employers and his ex-team-mate Mick Schumacher as he addressed his situation in a press conference. Mazepin was dropped by Haas earlier this month, while the American team also cut ties with title sponsor Uralkali. That fertiliser firm was co-owned by Dmitry Mazepin, a Russian billionaire and the young racer's father. Haas were under pressure to cut ties with the company, in the wake of Russia's invasion of Ukraine and Mazepin Snr's relationship with Vladimir Putin, who ordered the military action. Without the cash from the sponsor to pay for his place in the sport, and in the wake of an underwhelming debut year, Mazepin was also let go with a replacement set to be announced soon. Explaining the decision, team owner Gene Haas said: "There was a lot of intense criticism about the Ukrainian invasion and it was just getting overwhelming. "We can't deal with all that, our other sponsors can't deal with all that." The racer, however, was not pleased about being let go and released a short statement very soon after the news was made public. JUST IN: Russian giant Uralkali's furious response to Haas terminating deal In that paragraph, he said that the factors in favour of him being kept around were "completely ignored" and claimed that "no process was followed". Clearly not content with that first swipe, the 23-year-old organised a press conference in which he let loose on his old team again. "I deserved more support from the team," he said. "There is no legal reason to terminate the contract. I was relieved to see that the FIA allowed us to start in neutral colours, I was hoping to drive. "[But] everything changed and I lost the dream I had been working for for 18 years. "I heard about my kick from Haas, like everyone else, from the press. I didn't deserve it. DON'T MISS:George Russell breaks down in tears as Netflix teases Drive to SurviveLewis Hamilton shares doubts over Formula 1 careerMercedes working on ‘legendary' W13 upgrade for Hamilton and Russell "I was very disappointed with how it was played. I hadn't been worried since I left Barcelona [after last month's three-day test]. "I am a young man and I was not ready for it. I did not receive any hint, or any support, or be told that this is the decision we have taken. I learnt the same time as you did." He then went on to claim he will be back one day if the opportunity comes along: "F1 is not a closed chapter for me, I will be ready to race in case there is an opportunity to return." Mazepin heard from several of his racer colleagues in the wake of the news, including the likes of George Russell, Valtteri Bottas and Charles Leclerc. However, one of those who did not reach out was his Haas team-mate Mick Schumacher. Mazepin appears not to have taken that too well, as he aimed an indirect barb at his former garage partner. "In difficult moments, you get to know the true faces of the people around you," he added. And, to get one last dig in at Haas, he appeared to shut the door on ever returning to the team in the future by claiming he had lost faith in them. "I do not want to be at a team that doesn't want me," Mazepin continued. "Formula One is a dangerous sport and you have to rely on the team you are working with. It is a question of safety, and it is fair to say I don't have that trust in them."