As a disability benefit payment, PIP is administered and managed by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). PIP, which is separated into a daily living and mobility component, was created to help vulnerable disabled people with the extra financial costs which arise from having their condition. Claimants of PIP can get it if they are in paid employment as it is not means-tested. This means earning an income, having savings or getting benefits will not affect someone’s claim. As it stands, the lower rate of PIP’s daily living component is £60.00 a week, while the higher rate is £89.60. Meanwhile, the lower rate of the disability payment’s mobility component is £23.70 weekly, while the higher rate comes to £62.55. However, recipients of this disability payment have an obligation to inform the DWP of any potential changes to their circumstances which could affect how much they get. Failure to do this could see benefit claimants lose the entirety of their payment as it could appear that they are misleading the DWP. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Examples of what qualifies as circumstance to be reported would be a change to personal details, such as a name, address or doctor. Furthermore, if someone's condition worsens or gets better, they must inform the DWP as soon as possible. If claimants go to prison, hospital or abroad for an extended period of time, this could be considered as a change by the DWP. Failure to accurately report these changes could result in claimants being given a financial penalty or having to go to court. Anyone who needs to report circumstance changes can do so via the PIP inquiry line at 0800 121 4433. Chloe Smith MP, the Government’s Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, explained why it is important that those with a disability apply for support through the DWP. Ms Smith explained: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them, so it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.” Claimants are also encouraged to report to the DWP if they are accidentally overpaid in their PIP payment. Those who receive PIP may have to pay back any overpayment they have received if they do not report the change immediately. On top of this, they could have to repay if they give the wrong information or were overpaid by mistake. Citizens Advice offers guidance to PIP recipients who are looking to report changes to their situation to the Government. On its website, Citizens Advice stated: “Once you know about a change that might affect the amount of PIP you get, tell the DWP as soon as you can. “The change might increase your payment and you might miss out on extra money if you tell the DWP late. “You should still tell the DWP if you think a change might reduce your PIP - you won't save money by reporting it later. “If you tell the DWP late you could get paid too much and have to pay your benefits back to the DWP. This is called an overpayment - check how the DWP deals with overpayments.”