From Fords to Ferrari’s, the classic car show will have something for everyone's taste with more than 1,000 historic vehicles on display. More than 150 car clubs representing a wide variety of marques and models will be in attendance, as well as over 250 exhibitors. Show Director Lee Masters, praised the return of the Practical Classics Classic Car & Restoration Show and what he was looking forward to most. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “We are thrilled to be back at the Birmingham NEC this spring with Practical Classics Classic Car & Restoration Show with discovery+. “The show is the perfect place for lovers of a classic car, restoration enthusiasts and even those who just appreciate a finely built motor. “The show has everything on offer for car fans, with information and inspiration from leading motoring experts, clubs and specialists. READ MORE: How motorists can save on fuel costs by driving with a bowl of water “We can’t wait to welcome new faces and see familiar friends back at the Birmingham NEC this March. “This year sees a bigger focus on skills and development at the show. “We have introduced a new feature, the Federation Skills Zone, an interactive feature which sees three of the biggest apprenticeship ambassadors join forces to offer our visitors the chance to learn core engineering skills from the professionals. “We hope this will really excite younger classic car fans and will keep these skills and professions going.” DON'T MISSDad's fury as 'holidaying' stranger parks car on his driveway for days [SHOCKING]Drivers react with fury to city banning petrol and diesel cars [COMMENT]Grants extended as drivers could save £16,000 on an electric vehicle [INSIGHT] This year also sees motoring TV presenter, Richard Hammond, make his debut at the show today (Friday March 18). His 1972 MGB GT, the last car he drove on Top Gear, will be on the MG Car Club Young Members Display. Richard will also be taking to the Practical Classics Classics World Stage, for an interview with Editor Danny Hopkins. Other TV favourites in attendance across the weekend include Mike Brewer and Marc 'Elvis' Priestly who will be talking about their new series of Wheeler Dealers: Dream Car. Former Wheeler Dealers mechanic Ant Anstead will also be at the show, building a Tipo 184 over the course of the three days. Mr Masters also acknowledged the importance of classic cars for younger generations. He added: “Classic cars play an important part worldwide in various heritages and it is key for us to shine a spotlight on how individuals can maintain their vehicles. “[They can] also inspire younger generations to consider taking up a career in the field of mechanics and engineering, specialising in classic vehicle restoration. “You can’t beat the live demonstrations. “You can feel the enthusiasm of the visitors who join us over the three days and it really is a hive of excitement. “There’s ample to see and do and whether it’s your first time visiting us, or if you’re a familiar and friendly face, it’s a wonderful show if you’re a car enthusiast or a fan of the classic car.” The Practical Classics Classic Car & Restoration Show, with discovery+, returns to the Birmingham NEC from Friday March 18 until Sunday March 20.