Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has sent a terrifying warning to other European countries this week. He warned that Russia will attack NATO countries after its invasion of Ukraine. Speaking at the end of the 18th day of what he called "our war for life", President Zelensky claimed it was "only a matter of time before Russian missiles fall... on the homes of citizens of NATO countries." He added: "Nothing was happening there that could threaten the territory of the Russian Federation. And only 20km away are NATO borders. "Last year, I made a clear warning to NATO leaders that if there were no tough preventive sanctions against Russia, it would start a war. We were right.” Finland is one of the countries that borders Russia but is not a member of NATO. The Finnish Ambassador to the UK, Jukka Siukosaari, told Express.co.uk that Russia's invasion into Ukraine has made his country reassess its position of neutrality. He said: "It is clear that Russia's attack into Ukraine has increased discussion among citizens and indeed politicians. NATO membership will certainly be a theme in future elections." Despite Finland still not being a member of the alliance, Mr Siukosaari emphasised that Finland is a part of the West. He added: "In our case, we see we are clearly a part of the West. The partnerships are thorough and our neighbours add to that." Russian foreign affairs spokesperson Maria Zakharova warned recently that Finland and Sweden could face "military consequences" if they try to join NATO. She said: “Obviously, the accession of Finland and Sweden to NATO, which is primarily a military alliance as you well understand, would have serious military and political consequences, which would require our country to make response steps.” After this, support for NATO membership increased to 53 percent in Finland. The poll by Finnish broadcaster YLE also showed just 28 percent were against NATO membership. In Sweden, support for NATO shifted to 41 percent for joining the alliance against 35 who were against, the first time those in favour has exceeded those against. Ambassador Siukosaari tells Express.co.uk that while the Kremlin's threat was shocking to many, Finns have become accustomed to Moscow sabre-rattling. READ MORE: Putin plots 'staged referendum' as Russia installs mayor in Ukraine He added: "As for the statements from Moscow, it is of course clear that we make our own security and policy decisions, they cannot be influenced by third parties. "Russian criticism of NATO enlargement is not a new thing, it is their longstanding position. The threat came as bigger news abroad but it is nothing new here in Finland. "Finns are quite stubborn, we don't much like being told how we should think. Russia's attempts to make a sphere of influence in Europe is completely unacceptable." Mr Siukosarri also added that some Finns are "frightened" as a result of the invasion of Ukraine. Finland has endured many conflicts with Russia in the past. They fought Moscow for centuries as part of the Swedish Kingdom, but also as an independent nation. During World War 2, for example, Finland fought against the Soviet Union from 1939-1940 and 1941-1944. DON'T MISS Biden to announce $1bn military aid package for Ukraine [INSIGHT] Nigel Farage slams Labour MP for dragging him into Russia debate [ANALYSIS] Royal Fans gush over Sophie Wessex’s United Nations work  [INSIGHT] In recent decades, Finland has been seen as more neutral amid tensions between the West and Russia. However, it is closely aligned with NATO, though not a member, and is also a member of the EU. A poll released this week, again by Finland's public broadcaster Yle, showed that Finland's support for NATO membership has jumped again to 62 percent. Earlier this week, Russia also threatened Finland and Sweden once more to try and dissuade the countries from considering NATO membership. Sergei Belyayev, head of the Russian foreign ministry’s European department, warned: “It is obvious that [if] Finland and Sweden join NATO, which is a military organisation to begin with, there will be serious military and political consequences. “[It] would require changing the whole palette of relations with these countries and require retaliatory measures."