 Channel 4 viewers tuned into a very special episode of Sunday Brunch this weekend as the hit show marked its 10th anniversary. Hosts Simon Rimmer and Tim Lovejoy celebrated the occasion live on-air thanking their viewers for keeping them going.    The show began with some old footage of Simon and Tim opening the show. Highlighting how his appearance has changed over the years, Tim joked: “I loved my hair.” “Honestly, Tim, we haven’t changed a bit,” Simon remarked. “Yeah, just a bit,” Tim laughed, before officially welcoming viewers to the show. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Maria Connor removed from the cobbles   He said: “Good morning and welcome to a very special edition of Sunday Brunch. “We’re celebrating a whopping 10 years of Sunday Brunch today,” Tim revealed. Simon marvelled at the fact they’d made it to such an impressive TV milestone. “Ten years, Tim, since we started,” he commented.    Tim remarked: “Well, it was on two days ago wasn’t it? The actual [anniversary]. But, it’s quite close.” Simon teased: “Yeah, well, otherwise we would have been Friday Brunch, Tim. “It’s gone so fast. Thank you for 10 years,” he added. “Oh thank you Simon and thanks to all the production as well,” Tim replied. DON'T MISS...Jo Whiley shuts down BBC reporter after Taylor Hawkins drug use probe [WATCH]Nicola Coughlan states Derry Girls delay caused ‘insane stress’ [MUST SEE]Saturday Kitchen guest chides Matt Tebbutt over cooking jibe [UPDATE]  “And the viewers,” Simon added, making sure to praise their fans at home. Tim continued: “And especially to Channel 4 who keep paying the bills.” Simon laughed: “Thank you Channel 4 we love you!” The duo noted it was also a special day for many of their viewers as their show aired on Mother’s Day. “Happy Mother’s Day to all the mums out there,” Tim exclaimed.    The Sunday Brunch studio was filled with balloons and guests enjoyed some bucks fizz as they celebrated the anniversary. Throughout the show Tim and Simon welcomed a range of guests onto the show and looked back at some of their favourite moments. Sunday Brunch airs Sundays at 9:20am on Channel 4. 