Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick has been tipped to drop underperforming star Harry Maguire for Sunday’s Premier League trip to Manchester City. The player sat out of his side’s stalemate with Watford last weekend. Maguire has come under fire this season due to a string of unimpressive performances at the heart of the United backline. He was slammed after his side blew leads against Burnley and Southampton last month, while there have even been suggestions he could be stripped of the United captaincy. The Red Devils will face the Premier League’s second most prolific attack when they travel across the city this weekend. And former Citizens defender Joleon Lescott believes Maguire could be forced to settle for a place on the bench once again. “Another huge call Rangnick must make is whether to start Harry Maguire,” Lescott told LiveScore ahead of the match. READ MORE: Shakhtar Donetsk chief directs anger at Russian players after youth coach killed by shell  “Again, I think it depends on how he sets up the team. If United are going to sit back, absorb pressure and play on the break, I think you play him. “But if the plan is to go toe-to-toe, I don’t think he can start. He looks completely bereft of confidence and it’s not the type of occasion to play someone who is struggling. “The issue with not starting him would be the long-term impact it could have on his personal belief, though. “At the end of the day, he’s the captain and you expect him to lead by example.” DON'T MISSMan Utd 'make decision' on Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial's futuresSix relegation-threatened stars Man Utd can add to cut-price summer transfer shortlistMan Utd 'could offload 11 players' in mass exodus with three managers under consideration  Maguire became the most expensive defender in world football when United shelled out £80million to prise him away from Leicester City in 2019. And the 28-year-old, who was made skipper just five months after arriving in Manchester, has gone on to rack-up 135 appearances for the Red Devils. But his role at the club appears to be diminishing due to his uninspiring displays. United chiefs are desperate to secure a top four finish this campaign to cement their place in next season’s Champions League.   The north west team are currently fourth in the top flight table but are only two points ahead of West Ham and Arsenal. And the Gunners have a staggering three game in hand over United - so Rangnick’s side face a huge battle to qualify for the European top tier competition. And Maguire, who has won 41 caps for England, will need to pull his finger out if he wants to play a key role over the coming months.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here