Marcelo Bielsa’s translator Andres Clavijo has sent a heartfelt message to Leeds United fans after leaving the club in the wake of the Argentine’s sacking. Bielsa was given his marching orders at the weekend following an egregious run of form from the Yorkshire club. “Thank you for the overwhelming messages of support,” Clavijo wrote on Instagram. “I am sad to report that I too will be leaving the club alongside Marcelo and the rest of his staff. “It has been an incredible 2 years at the club. I was treated as one of your own from the first moment, and I am immensely grateful for that. “The club and the fans will forever hold a special place in my heart. Thank you to all the staff, players, and fans for some unforgettable memories.” Clavijo, who had a role with Football Radar before joining Leeds, officially worked as a performance analyst for the Whites. JUST IN: Four worst refereeing decisions in the Premier League this season  But he was better known to fans as the man who translated for the former Argentina and Chile boss when he spoke to the media. And supporters are likely to be devastated that he has left the club as he had become a popular figure at Elland Road. Bielsa took the helm at Leeds in 2018 and led the side to the Championship play-off semi-finals during his first season at the club. But the team were beaten by Frank Lampard’s Derby County in the two-legged showdown. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message     Bielsa soon found the perfect recipe for success in England’s second tier and Leeds stormed to the Championship title during his second season in charge. The Whites won 28 of their 46 Championship matches during that Covid-hit campaign as they racked up 93 points to finish 10 points ahead of runners-up West Bromwich Albion. Leeds were tipped to struggle during their first season back in the top flight and suffered a number of heavy defeats. But the side eventually finished ninth. This season, however, the team have been hampered by a series of high-profile absences, with key players Kalvin Phillips and Patrick Bamford suffering long-term injuries.   And the Yorkshire club have been in freefall for weeks after suffering heavy losses over the winter. In December, Leeds lost 7-0 to Manchester City before going down 4-1 at home to Arsenal. They were then thumped 3-0 by Everton, 4-2 by Manchester United, 6-0 by Liverpool and 4-0 by Tottenham as Bielsa’s Leeds fairytale turned into a nightmare. And the 66-year-old paid the ultimate price as his time in the north came to an abrupt end. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 