Randy Newman has announced he is cancelling his forthcoming European tour after breaking his neck. He only realised he had suffered the injury because he was “shrinking”. Randy, 78, issued a statement on his website explaining his bizarre injury and the effect it had on him. “Recently, I noticed I was shrinking. People over whom I had towered now towered over me. "Could this be payback for having written ‘Short People’?” he joked, referencing his 1977 song. “Turns out, my neck was broken,” he continued. “They operated on me successfully, I think. For even now, I look less like an anteater and more like a folk rock artist from the early sixties. “But the doctor said I’m not quite ready to tour.” The music legend added that he had been “really looking forward to coming to Europe to perform”. “I miss performing a great deal and I look forward to a time when I can come,” concluded Randy. “I’m sorry I won’t see you this time but I will see you soon.” Randy is well-known for his famous songs including You’ve Got a Friend In Me, which features in Toy Story, Mama Told Me Not to Come and You Can Leave Your Hat On. He began his songwriting career aged 17 penning songs for acts including the Fleetwoods, Cilla Black, Gene Pitney, and the Alan Price Set. Since the 1980s, Randy has mostly worked as a film composer and worked on nine Disney-Pixar animated movies including Toy Story films, A Bug's Life, both Monsters, Inc. films, and the first and third Cars films. DON'T MISS... Strictly's Motsi Mabuse unleashes fury on Ukraine remarks (INSIGHT)Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby (ADMISSION)Fern Britton shares rare insight into first marriage split (UPDATE) He also worked on Disney's James and the Giant Peach and The Princess and the Frog. The star has received twenty-two Oscar nominations in the Best Original Score and Best Original Song categories and has won twice in the latter category. This has made his family the most Oscar-nominated extended family ever, with a collective 92 nominations in various music categories between them. Three of his uncles were also Hollywood film composers, as were four of his cousins. Randy was married to German-born Roswitha Schmale from 1967 to 1985, and they had three sons: TV producer Eric Newman, Amos Newman and John Newman. He has been married to Gretchen Preece since 1990, and they share two children: Patrick and Alice Newman.