Virgin Voyages launched the second ship in its adults-only luxury cruise fleet earlier this month from London International Cruise Terminal in Tilbury, welcoming onboard a star-studded selection of guests for an overnight showcase. Valiant Lady will make her maiden voyage from Portsmouth to Bruges on March 18, 2022, offering sailors the unique experience of sailing “the Virgin way” - but what exactly does that mean? Virgin Voyages is a lifestyle travel brand set up by Sir Richard Branson, with the aim of delivering “irresistible cruise vacations” unlike any other. President of Virgin Voyages, Nirmal Saverimuttu, said: “We’ve thrown out the rule book and said goodbye to bow ties and buffets. Instead, our ships are exclusively adult, have a no-tipping policy and boast some of the best dining experiences you’ll find at sea, or on land for that matter – including the world’s first Korean BBQ and the biggest collection of mezcal and tequila at sea. “This is what it means to set sail the Virgin way, and we can’t wait to welcome Sailors – old and new – onboard.” Much like her sister ship Scarlet Lady, Valiant Lady will feature a glamorous new mermaid at the helm. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's ultimate travel hack to look 'stunning' after flight Virgin Voyages’ mermaids are its leading ladies; a symbol which runs throughout the brand and is meant to keep Sailors safe onboard. Valiant Lady has a total of 1,408 passenger staterooms, of which 86 percent feature a balcony and 93 percent feature an ocean view. Each of Virgin’s Lady ships is an adults only-affair, boasting plenty of amenities spread across 17 decks to keep over 18s occupied both day and night. In addition to her Maiden weekenders, Valiant Lady will sail seven-night Mediterranean itineraries from May. Valiant Lady boasts a cabin for all types of cruise guests, from the solo sailor to the social sailor. Guests can pick from an Insider, Sea View or Sea Terrace Suite - each equipped with a transitional seabed to take you from day to night. For an extra lathering of luxury, there are the impressive VIP Rockstar Quarters and “wildly indulgent” Mega Rockstar Quarters. RockStar Quarters come with exclusive access to private areas of the ship and VIP treatment. Mega Rockstar Quarters have all of this too, plus their own RockStar Agent on hand to help with anything Sailors' may need. DON'T MISSCovid travel rules change - Every measure that's been lifted [EXPLAINER]‘Painfully horrible’ Cruise passengers complain about smoking [REVEALED]Wonder of the Seas: World’s largest cruise liner sets sail in Florida [INSIGHT] Valiant Lady is home to over 20 eateries, from opulent dinners to late-night treats. They include “naughty and nice” plant-based ‘Razzle Dazzle’, elegant steak and seafood restaurant ‘Wake’, Korean BBQ hangout ‘Gunbae’ and the incredible “cooking lab” ‘The Test Kitchen’. ‘The Galley’ is a 24-hour food court with over eight eateries to choose from, or Sailors can grab a casual slice from the ‘Pizza Parlour’. The ship also has a unique ice cream kiosk dubbed ‘Lick Me Till Ice Cream’, a sports bar 'The Social Club' and an outdoor alfresco snack bar ‘Sun Club Cafe’. There are also an array of incredible bars dotted throughout the ship, including the mesmerising ‘The Manor’ nightclub and live performance space ‘The Red Room’. Taking inspiration from the “sophisticated glam of a contemporary yacht”, Valiant Lady’s pool deck - the ‘Aquatic Club’ is home to an array of daybeds to relax in the sunshine on, and of course, an incredible pool. The deck is also home to a round-shaped well-being pool and an adult playground with outdoor fitness apparatus. Just a stone’s throw from the swimming pool is the ‘Gym & Tonic Bar’ serving up fresh, cold-pressed juices, and the Aquatic Club Bar - perfect for a frozen beverage while you take in the views. Though there are plenty of opportunities to party onboard, Valiant Lady also offers some areas for rest, rejuvenation and relaxation - whether you prefer to do that with a massage or a sweaty HIIT class. Redemption Spa, situated on Deck five, takes inspiration from an underwater cave so that it is a fully immersive experience. Sailors can take a dip hydrotherapy pool, squeeze mud through their toes in the mud bath, experience the skin-tingling sensation of a salt room, and zone out on a quartz bed. Virgin has also employed a team of specialists promising a selection of spa treatments, from massages to facials. If exercise is more your speed, the ship is also home to an array of sport and fitness facilities - from a fully equipped gym to a top deck running track. Whether you’re looking to splash the cash or win big bucks, there’s plenty to do onboard. The High Street is home to a smattering of sophisticated boutiques, while ‘Voyage Vinyl’ offers a hip hangout to flick through a music magazine or pop on a pair of headphones and have a boogie. Those who fancy themselves a singing superstar might want to book out a room in 'The Groupie', Valiant Lady's very own private karaoke bar. If you’re feeling lucky, the casino promises 115 slot machines, plus a selection of table games (craps, roulette, single deck blackjack, electronic Texas Hold’em, three card poker and Baccarat) to satisfy any gamer’s desire. Even if gambling isn’t your bag, the Casino is also home to its own ritzy bar. Alternatively, head to ‘The Social Club’, a grown-up gaming space with a plethora of board and card games, air hockey, shuffleboard and foosball. The shop also has its own Arcade, paying homage to the “epic childhood arcade games of yesteryear”. And maybe one of the ship's most unique amenities offers Sailors a souvenir to remember - Squid Ink, an onboard tattoo studio at sea. 