Rhianna's baby bump was on show beneath a see-through polka dot mesh dress. It's not the first time the singer, from Barbados, has worn sheer clothing to highlight her bump. The 33-year-old spoke about her pregnancy at the Fenty Beauty Universe Event in February, where she wore a form-fitting see-through green top. The singer said: "I like it. I'm enjoying it. I'm enjoying not having to worry about covering up my tummy." "If I feel a little chubby, it's like, whatever! It's a baby!" Rihanna is expecting her first child with fellow musical artist ASAP Rocky, real name Rakim Mayers. READ MORE: 'I can’t imagine anything worse!' Ulrika Jonsson aims swipe at Rihanna's baby announcement Her body positive pregnancy message has been praised by Emma Armstrong aka The Naked Doula @thenakeddoula, an award-winning Birth Influencer and Educator. A "doula" is an individual who offers support during pregnancy, birth, and after birth. They are a trained companion to a mother during pregnancy and childbirth. The role is not one of healthcare, but of emotional support, to make a client feel safe and comfortable during a significant experience such as pregnancy and birth. DON'T MISSFenty Beauty by Rihanna slashed 20% off skincare and makeup [DEAL] Kate and Prince William could welcome baby number four [ROYAL] Pregnant women in Britain still reject Covid vaccines [HEALTH] Emma said: "Personally I think we spend so much time being obsessed with weight gain during and after pregnancy. "Rihanna's message of self love is a healthy one. "It's not necessarily about how 'chubby or fat' we are, it’s about what we consume that makes a healthy or unhealthy impact on our baby - as they consume their first immune system bacteria through the birth canal on their way out." Emma pointed out change in the body during and after pregnancy is normal, healthy, and to be expected. She said: "It’s normal for our bodies to change as we grow our baby. "Hormones flow and we often see women really start to glow from the increase of oestrogen. "We need to start embracing our pregnancy and post-birth bodies, as all we tend to see is this “snap back” after the baby from celebs and influencers, which is unhealthy. "Let’s start the self-love train please." Rihanna is not the only celebrity and influencer who has been highlighting the reality of their pregnant bodies in a recent move towards body transparency. Singer Halsey posted a snap of her post-baby body in a candid post in October. Loose Women panelist Stacy Solomon has shared numerous candid snaps of her body after having four children. Former Made in Chelsea cast member Ashley James posts unedited snaps of her body during and after her pregnancy with first child Alfie, after having struggled with body dysmorphia in her younger years.