Russia's invasion of Ukraine is being assisted by the Chechnyan military as it enters its fourth week. President Ramzan Kadyrov - a long-time ally of Putin's - offered his support at the conflict's outset. But despite facing violent incursions from the two nations, Ukraine appears to have humiliated the invaders several times and are said to be shattering the myth of the hardman Chechen dictator famed for persecuting homosexuals. On February 26, just two days into the invasion, units of the Chechen National Guard clashed with the Ukrainian army near Gostomel airport, but were defeated. Magomed Tushaev, described as Kadyrov's right hand and was leader of the 141st motorised regiment, was killed that day by Ukrainians. The Security Service of Ukraine claims that “several hundred” Chechen soldiers were killed. Kadyrov then tried to deny the defeat and claimed that Tushaev was still alive, posting a video of them speaking on the phone on social media. But he later admitted casualties, acknowledging the death of two soldiers. He wrote on Telegram: "Unfortunately, there are casualties among the natives of the Chechen Republic. Two died and six others were injured.” In the past, Ramzan Kadyrov and Magomed Tushaev have led purges in Chechnya targeting homosexual people. These operations, according to the Human Rights Watch, included forced disappearances, secret abductions, imprisonment, torture, and killings. On Monday, March 21, the Security Service of Ukraine uploaded a post on social media, claiming that the hardcore Chechen soldiers’ main task, as ordered by senior Russian army officials, is to shoot dead every Russian soldier that tries to surrender. READ MORE: Cruel warlord who led anti-gay purges killed by Ukrainians'Elona!' Musk mocked by Chechen leader Kadyrov over Putin combatPutin mobilises fearsome Chechen brigades as war fears escalate The Ukrainian security intelligence officers claimed that the Chechen army has suffered “numerous losses”, and called them "TikTok troops" because of the continued footage they post on social media. The Security Service said: “‘Lice’ Russian soldiers, ‘fence squads’ and numerous losses: how the Kadyrovites are actually fighting in Ukraine. “Russian propaganda shapes their image as a formidable force capable of carrying out any of Putin's tasks. But in 26 days of war, Ukrainian soldiers have shattered this myth.” The Service added: “The Kadyrovites are now called ‘TikTok troops’ because of their love of stage commercials. DON'T MISS: Putin’s second army formed of foreign troops as first wave ‘struggles’Putin's potential Ukraine strategy as Chechnya 'provides blueprint'Boris Johnson threatened with sanctions by Chechnya