Denise Hutton-Gosney entered the Den in 2007 seeking an investment of £50,000 for her franchise of dance schools, named Razzamataz Theatre Schools. After securing the investment from Duncan, Razzamataz Theatre Schools has been able to expand across the UK and in locations abroad. The school, which has been going since 2000, offers training in dance, drama and singing. In 2014, Denise was able to buy back Bannatyne's stake in the company for £70,000. She now owns 90 percent of the company. Researchers from money.co.uk revealed who are the top seven most successful businesses to come out of the popular TV show. READ MORE: How to secure a pay rise and ‘boost your earnings’ She added: “Razzamataz is all about teaching performing arts to create confident young people. “I realised it was better to show the dragons what this actually looked like rather than explaining it. “It was absolutely terrifying [being in the Den], especially being grilled on the numbers, but the one thing I knew for certain was that Razzamataz was so well-loved by our customers and the few people that had taken out a franchise with me. "That gave me all the confidence that I needed to show the dragons what a good investment opportunity we could offer them.” Since the den, Razzamataz has gone on to be one of the most successful part-time performing arts schools in the UK, according to News & Star. There have been lots of high-profile partnerships with brands such as Disney, Warner Bros. Entertainment, First Choice, Universal Pictures, Eurocamp and 20th Century Fox. Students, staff and principals have gone on to achieve their own unique success such as performances at Her Majesty’s Theatre in London’s West End and Disneyland Paris. Razzamataz have three branches. They have schools in West Cumbria, Carlisle and Penrith. Their schools offer singing, dance and drama classes for children from the ages of two to 18. The episode aired in April 2007, however the show is currently airing a new ‘where are they now’ series. Dragons' Den is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.