A TV licence is mandatory in the UK for people who watch live television and record programmes to watch later. Being £159 a year, many families may struggle to pay for this expense especially with the rising cost of living, however research shows that many people could be paying less. Over half a million people (586,000) are not claiming this freebie which could save them hundreds. Approximately 589,000 people are not claiming their free TV licence which could save them £159 a year, according to charity Turn2us. Figures from charity Turn2us show that billions of pounds are lost in unclaimed benefits every year, with pensioners most likely to miss out. It was reported that one third of pensioners who are eligible aren’t even claiming pension credit, the benefit that offers the free TV license. READ MORE: Unpaid carers could receive £270 every month and a bonus this summer Anyone who has already paid for a TV licence and now realises they could be eligible for a free one, can apply for a refund. How much is a TV Licence in the UK?£159 for a year which can be split into monthly paymentsFree for pensioners on Pension CreditHalf price for people who are blind or who have a sight impairment £7.50 for individuals who live in a care home  Across the UK, there are over two million people living and dealing with some form of sight loss, according to NHS statistics from December. Of this staggering amount of people, some 360,000 are registered as legally blind or partially sighted by the public health provider. In order to apply for this concession, potential claimants will need to prove to the TV Licensing body that they are in fact legally blind. Qualifying documentation can include either a Certificate of Visual Impairment (CVI) or a BD8 Certificate. Furthermore, a letter from an eye surgeon confirming their blindness and a certificate from someone’s Local Authority would also count as proof to the assessor. It should be noted that those who are registered as only partially sighted or visually impaired will not qualify for the half off discount on their television licence fee. Once the necessary information has been handed over, claimants of the discount will not need to show their evidence again when renewing their licence. The Government is looking into scrapping the BBC licence fee altogether. The House of Lords communications and digital committee is currently considering how to fund the BBC in the future. The inquiry comes after the rise in popularity of streaming services like Netflix has changed the way people watch TV. Baroness Stowell of Beeston, chair of the committee, said: "The broadcasting landscape is shifting rapidly, with intense competition, rising production costs and changing viewing habits.” She explained: "Our inquiry will look at this changing media landscape and examine how the BBC should be funded in the future to deliver what is needed from a national public service broadcaster."