Membership in the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) has become a hot topic of conversation in recent months, ever since Russia first placed troops on its border with Ukraine. Despite boasting 30 current members, several European countries have opted against signing up, including the Republic of Ireland. NATO was initially formed by 12 countries, including the UK, US and France, at the close of World War Two. Membership states that in the event of an armed attack against any one member state, other NATO allies will come to their aid. Originally, the primary aim of NATO was to counter the threat of post-war Soviet Union expansion in Europe. READ MORE: Putin is rattled! Dream of 'lightning war' turning into 'nightmare'  Following the end of the conflict, then Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin assumed great territorial gains, such as the Baltic states. In 1955, the Soviet’s responded with the creation of their own military partnership - made up of eastern European communist countries - called the Warsaw Pact. Ex-Soviet nations, such as Albania and Poland, have since joined NATO after the collapse of the bloc in 1991. However, Ireland has never agreed to become a member, due to its enduring policy of military neutrality. It's also never sought to become a member of NATO.  At present, no major Irish political party is in favour of joining. Public opinion remains keen on a strategy of non-alignment in armed conflicts. Like other non-NATO members Sweden and Finland, Ireland is part of NATO’s Partnership for Peace programme. The format allows for flexible cooperation between the two parties and is generally seen as a trust-building outfit that may eventually lead to a full membership. Dublin is also involved with the Euro-Atlantic Partnership Council, a multilateral forum created to improve relations between NATO and non-NATO countries in Europe and parts of Asia on the European periphery.  DON'T MISS: Russian whistleblower warns Ukraine invasion will be a 'total failure' [INSIGHT]Russia 'let down' by 'appalling leaders' as Putin fails in Ukraine [WATCH]Wallace lays down the law to Putin after warmonger ramps up WW3 threat [NEWS] In 2013, ex-NATO secretary-general Anders Fogh Rasmussen said during a visit to Dublin that the “door is open” for Ireland to join, and that it would be “warmly welcomed”.  As a member of the European Union (EU), Ireland is one of 27 countries where sanctions imposed against Russia are now in force. Air space within EU members is now closed to Russian aircrafts. However the Irish Government has said it will not help to fund the provision of weapons to Ukraine as part of measures announced by the bloc. Instead, the Government will contribute €9m (£7.53m) to the non-lethal EU fund aiding Ukrainian forces. This will include helmets, medical equipment, blood and fuel. 