 On Tuesday morning, Loose Women stars Coleen Nolan and Gloria Hunniford were welcomed onto Lorraine to celebrate International Women’s Day. Host Lorraine Kelly chatted to the duo about the “sisterhood” dynamic of the Loose Women panelists. Noting the discussions on the show can often become quite passionate, Coleen suggested the ITV daytime show would be “boring” if they always agreed with one another.    Lorraine shared what she enjoys about Loose Women, commenting on the varied debates featured on the show. She remarked: “Like I said, you don’t always agree but you’ve always got each other's back. “It’s a sisterhood,” the presenter added, praising the Loose Women cast. “It would be a very boring show if we all agreed on everything,” Coleen replied. READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot?  Lorraine agreed: “No, that would be terrible, exactly!” Coleen insisted the differing opinions is one of the things she “loves” about Loose Women. However, she explained that no matter how heated a debate on the show can become, they leave their disagreements behind when each show comes to an end. “It ends at the desk, it never carries on afterwards. It’s great,” Coleen enthused.    The Loose Women star has been swept up in controversy in the past as rumours of a feud circulated. In January this year, Loose Women bosses denied claims stars Nadia Sawalha, Stacey Solomon and Carol McGiffin were refusing to work with Coleen on the show. After seeing the reports, Coleen took to social media to reassure her fans the rumours were false. In a Twitter post, she wrote: “Nothing printed in The Mail article today is true [and] I am taking legal advice about the slurs on me personally. We’ll also be addressing it on @loosewomen. Thanks for your support. Love Coleen xx.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale exit for Manpreet Sharma as she struggles with Meena guilt? [SPOILERS]Our House viewers complain new ITV series is too ‘dark’ [MUST SEE]EastEnders twist as Gray Atkins is killed attempting to flee police? [THEORY]  Several of Coleen’s Loose Women co-stars have also spoken out on Twitter in her defence. Janet Street-Porter said: “I love working with Coleen Nolan and we’ve never had a single disagreement- sorry if that’s not ‘news’ xx.” Brenda Edwards commented: “@NolanColeen it’s always a pleasure to hang with you at work @loosewomen and also out of work, you have always made me feel so welcome, and I appreciate the straight talking, fun friendship we have!! “Keep smiling in the face of adversity my lovely,” the ITV star added.    Similarly, Loose Women star Katie Piper recently addressed the rumours in an interview. She explained: “There’s nobody you dread working with as everyone’s there in their own right and brings something unique. "Everyone’s different in their own way, and that’s what makes the show fresh each time,” Katie told The Mirror. Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV and Loose Women airs weekdays at 12:30pm on ITV. 