Following a weight loss plan were she could "still eat whatever (she) wanted" helped the mother lose the impressive seven stone. Emma Cairns, from Houghton-Le-Spring, was a size 24 at her heaviest, but after ditching Slimming World and fad diets, she dropped down to a size 8 to 10. The now-fitness coach completely "turned her life around" for her children. She switched up her weight loss journey following a pre-diabetic diagnosis and growing tired of how she felt about herself. Emma said: “Something just had to give. I was stuck in a vicious cycle. READ MORE: Nigella Lawson weight loss: Chef shares 2st transformation with easy changes she ‘enjoys’ "I’d lose weight, put it back on and then jump on the next food fad hoping it would be the one to work. When it didn’t, I’d end up binge eating. “It was really difficult. But I knew I couldn’t keep feeling the way I did - especially for the sake of my kids.” Emma explains that being overweight knocked her confidence and impacted her physically. “My self-esteem was shattered," she said. "I struggled to keep up with my children and was sick of being that fat friend who made everyone else feel good about themselves when I was feeling so crap on the inside." DON'T MISSDoctor shares ‘key’ change to diet for weight loss [EXPERT] Michael Mosley: Best food to eat to speed up metabolism [DIET] 'Stop thinking about chocolate': Fitness guru's healthy snacks [TRICK] However, Emma was put on a course to weight loss when she met a mum at the schoolgates. She told Emma about a Birtley-based weight loss service called Team RH. Emma said: "By this point, I was lost. I didn’t hold much trust for companies claiming they could help you shift the weight for good. “When I got home though, I decided to look them up and see what they were about. That’s when everything clicked and fell into place.” Founded by Richie Howey and Rachael Hepton, Team RH offers members recipes, workouts and 1:1 coaching to help them lose weight for good. Emma said: “I enrolled onto the Life Plan in 2019 and started to really love the process. “Not only was I able to do it all from the comfort of my own home, but, unlike before, I didn’t feel like I was missing out on anything when out with the girls as I could still eat whatever I wanted. "It was this flexibility that made me rethink health, fitness and nutrition altogether - it doesn’t need to be restrictive. “For the first time, I have achieved real results and feel so much better for it.” Following her successful transformation, Team RH reached out to Emma and offered to train her so she could join the company as a coach and help others reach their fitness goals. She adds: “Being part of Team RH in both capacities has given me a new lease for life. "I wake up with excitement everyday, knowing I can take people through the exact blueprint that has worked for me.”