Whether it's a diamond ring to mark a special occasion or a necklace that has been passed down through the generations, jewellery often carries high financial and sentimental value. Keeping it looking its best, however, might seem like a costly recurring bill. According to Jack Jahan, ecommerce manager at Ramsdens Jewellery, cleaning your beloved jewellery doesn't have to break the bank. He said: "You don’t need to spend a fortune on specialist cleaners to get your fine jewellery looking sparkling, as you can clean almost anything using stuff you've got around the house. "Mild dish soap is your go-to solution for almost all metals and non-porous gems, as its powerful enough to lift grease and grime, but gentle enough that it won't damage the finish. "Plus, you only need a tiny amount to get great results." However, before embarking on an at-home clean, the expert says you should "know for certain what a particular piece is made from". He also advises against using homemade cleaning solutions on antique jewellery, as this can be "much more delicate". READ MORE: House prices: What will it take for house prices to drop? Here are four at-home cleaning methods to leave your jewellery "sparkling". Gold chains, bracelets and rings can be cleaned using a mixture of soap and warm water. But, for extremely tarnished items, Mr Jahan recommends popping them in fizzy soda water instead. He said: "If your gold is heavily tarnished, substitute the warm water for carbonated soda water: the fizzing action will help to dislodge dirt for a deeper clean." Jewellery can only be soaked in water if it doesn't contain porous gemstones or pearls. Mr Jahan explained: "To clean tarnish, dirt, and grime from gold jewellery you'll want to soak your bling in warm water with a bit of mild dish soap. "Leave for 15 minutes, and then grab a soft, damp cloth and polish them to remove tough dirt — it may help to use a cotton bud to get inside any nooks and crannies." DON'T MISSEnergy bill rates: Full list of top 11 suppliers [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ tip to remove yellow pillow stains [REVEALED]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 38p tip to banish black mould [COMMENT] Unlike gold jewellery, pearls can not be soaked in water because of the string which holds the necklace together. Mr Jahan said: "When it comes to class and elegance, you can't beat pearl jewellery. But, owing to their organic, porous nature, you need to take care when cleaning pearls. "For one thing, you should never soak a necklace or bracelet in water, as this can weaken the string, increasing the chances of breakage. "You should also avoid using any kind of soap, as even the mildest soaps can discolour pearls or spoil their lustre." Instead, buff them gently with a clean, soft microfibre dish cloth. Then, wipe them with warm water to remove any build-up, before drying flat. The more often you wear your pearls, the easier it will be to "maintain their lustrous, iridescent sheen". However, it might help to buff them down with a soft, clean cloth every now and then. Diamonds are hard-wearing stones, but they can still collect dirt and grime. Mr Jahan said: "To clean your sparklers, start with a good soak in warm water and a bit of dish soap to remove the worst of the grease and grime. "Then, grab an eco-friendly cotton bud dipped in soapy water, and use it to clean any hard-to-reach spots around the setting. "For ornate jewellery with lots of awkward embellishments or settings, a soft orthodontic brace brush can be really handy." When cleaning diamond jewellery, it’s important to avoid using abrasive or corrosive products — like bleach, chlorine, or toothpaste — as these can all diminish your diamond's sparkle. Chunky chains are very trendy at the moment but can be difficult to keep clean. According to Mr Jahan, though, a toothbrush might be your best friend when it comes to cleaning between links. He said: "We'd recommend using an extra soft, unused baby toothbrush, which will be gentle on your jewellery. "Lay the necklace flat and wipe with a clean, dry cloth to remove any dust. "Then, dampen the toothbrush with warm water mixed with a few drops of mild dish soap, and gently work over the chain, being careful not to use too much pressure. "When you've cleaned the full length of the chain, flip it over and repeat on the other side. "Lastly, wipe the chain with a soft cloth soaked in clean water to remove any residue, and pat it dry with a cloth or some kitchen roll."