Having a bad night’s sleep can ruin your day and can even affect your mood. Adjusting your sleep schedule can be tricky, especially if you don’t have a set working routine. To get a better night’s sleep, experts have warned homeowners agianst keeping shoes in any part of the bedroom. Expert Kriti Mawji from Belledorm explained that having shoes in the bedroom disrupts the “Feng Shui” of a room. She said: “For all of us, keeping your shoes in an accessible place in your home is important. “But when it comes to making your bedroom a Feng Shui sanctuary, it’s a good idea not to put storage accessories like shoe racks in there.” Feng Shui, which translates to good fortune, is a system of traditional Chinese practice that encourages good energy in a living space. READ MORE: Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less So, perhaps the most important of these spaces is the bedroom. Kriti added: “Those who follow Feng Shui laws strictly believe that putting a shoe rack in your bedroom creates a negative energy field. “In practical terms, placing shoes that are dirty or damaged in plain view in an area (your bedroom) designated for rest and renewal is incongruous.” This will consequently create a negative sleep environment and disrupt your sleep. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans use newspaper and white vinegar clean windows [TIPS] 'Swear by it': Mrs Hinch fans share how to remove weeds from driveway [COMMENT]Cleaner switches oven on for 10 minutes to remove grease [INSIGHT] While this bedroom idea may appear unconventional, the sleep expert is not alone in her observations. Steve Payne at Sleep and Snooze also reinforces this Feng Shui teaching, explaining how there is a “negative energy field around shoes”. For those who want to keep shoes in their room there is a solution. Steve urges homeowners to avoid keeping shoes in any part of their bedroom, but when that is not possible, they can still opt for a more sleep-friendly storage option. Kriti recommended investing in furnishings with a closed-shelf design with ventilation to prevent bad odours in the room. She explained that, in Feng Shui terms, this is more acceptable because the cabinet-style “traps bad energy and lets it out of your living space using proper ventilation”. Moving the bed also has a surprisingly big impact on your sleep. According to feng shui, your bed should be in a “commanding” position which isn’t directly in line with a door. Homeowners should put the head of their bed against a wall but avoid being underneath any windows. Interior designer Xander Shreenan from Dowsing & Reynolds explained that choosing natural bedding is essential for a good night’s sleep. Your core body temperature changes during your 24-hour sleep-wake cycle which means it cools down when you sleep but warms up when you’re awake. He recommended “soft, breathable fabric for bedding to regulate body temperature” such as cotton or linen.