Red Bull have given Max Verstappen a new contract in the hope he’ll be able to dominate for many years like Michael Schumacher did with Ferrari, according to reports. The 24-year-old beat Lewis Hamilton to F1 title glory last year, triumphing in the final race of the season. And he’s now been rewarded with a new deal as a result. Speaking after penning a new deal, Verstappen said: "I really enjoy being part of the Oracle Red Bull Racing Team, so choosing to stay to the 2028 season was an easy decision. "I love this team and last year was simply incredible. “Our goal since we came together in 2016 was to win the championship and we have done that, so now it’s about keeping the number one on the car long-term." Red Bull team principal Christian Horner then added: "To have Max signed with Oracle Red Bull Racing through to the end of 2028 is a real statement of intent. "Our immediate focus is on retaining Max’s world championship title, but this deal also shows he is a part of the team’s long-term planning. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "With the Red Bull Powertrains division working towards the new engine regulations for 2026 we wanted to make sure we had the best driver on the grid secured for that car." And BBC Sport suggest Red Bull are keen to replicate Ferrari’s tricks when Schumacher was their driver. Horner and his team believe that ‘a stable environment and optimising working practices around a known and respected driver quantity is the best way to achieve success’. It’s a model Ferrari used when Schumacher raced for them, with the German spending a decade with the team and winning five of his seven world titles in that time. The gesture also means Horner has made a big commitment with Verstappen by making him their No 1 driver for the foreseeable future and one of the best-paid drivers on the grid at £40million a year. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And it’ll now be interesting to see how the 24-year-old responds as he looks to retain the title he won so controversially last time out. Verstappen enters the new campaign very much as the man to beat. He was in sensational form last year, claiming glory in Abu Dhabi after Hamilton had come close to bridging the gap in the final few races of the year. Speaking recently, the Dutchman opened up on that frantic last race of the calendar. And he admitted that he ‘wasn’t happy’ prior to overtaking Hamilton in the closing stages to emerge supreme. Speaking on a documentary entitled 'Verstappen: Lion Unleashed', he said: "He [Hamilton] didn’t expect me to overtake him there. ‘’We had less downforce that weekend so we had more top speed, so I wanted to be up front because without DRS I can defend. “Even if he had come alongside me he could never overtake me because of the top-speed advantage. "With the grip I had, I went for that corner and defended those other corners.” He then added: ''I knew I wouldn't close an 11-second gap in five laps. "But I said to myself, 'I'm not going to give up now and drive slowly to the finish line. I'm going to give it my all to make it not look easy'. "I wasn't really happy at that moment." Verstappen will looking to get his season off to a positive start when the Bahrain Grand Prix takes place on March 20. Hamilton won the race last year, as well as in 2020 and 2019. Sebastian Vettel was the last driver to beat the Brit on that track, claiming glory during his time with Ferrari in 2018.