With season five of the historical drama finally arriving, fans have been wondering how the last instalment of Netflix's The Last Kingdom will end. Icelandic actor Sigurðarson has played Sigtryggr since season four and has revealed he wasn't sure if he would be able to make the fighting scenes look convincing. After a two year wait, the smash-hit show is back fighting its way onto fans' TV screens. The Dane warrior Sigtryggr was introduced in the previous season and despite looking at home with a weapon in his hand, the star insists he was "screaming" inside when he had to learn fight choreography. The actor said: "When they first tell you about the fight that you'll be doing, you just nod your head, but inside you're screaming like, 'I'm never going to be able to do this!' "And then they pull you up there to be able to do it. I did one fight this season that I'm really proud to have been a part of it, it was very intense." Read More: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return as she adopts Abi Franklin's baby?   Training alongside stunt professionals, the actors have to be at peak physical fitness to make the fights look convincing and compelling. He added: "We rehearsed it for weeks, and they really whooped my a**. "The stunt guys are amazing, and they have one thing in common - they're like bad a**es when the camera is rolling, and then when the director yells cut, they're like the sweetest guys ever. "They're like asking you how you are, they're complimenting, and they're just lovely guys. Such a pleasure to work with them." Even though Sigtryggr is a newcomer to the series, he has had quite the story arc. In his debut season, he made great strides and built a name for himself during the Winchester siege, eventually coming to an agreement with Uhtred (Alexander Dreymon) to secure land in the north for his people. He also found love in the form of Uhtred's daughter Stiorra (Ruby Hartley), with the pair building a home for themselves in season five. On his on-screen relationship with Uhtred, he added: "I'd say Sigtryggr has a very loving relationship with his father-in-law Uhtred, son of Uhtred. "From the start, in the books, Bernard Cornwell just paints this picture of mutual respect from the moment they meet. DON’T MISS… The Chase viewers blast Bradley Walsh for not accepting answer ‘Unnecessarily harsh!’ [LATEST]The Last Kingdom: Uhtred star opens up on working with 'moody' co-star [LATEST]Tipping Point's Ben Shephard frustrated by player's final performance 'Didn't want you!' [LATEST]  "So it's just been a pleasure to play that with Alex and have that mutual respect and love. These are two men that care for each other and respect each other." Dreymon has been busy this season as he lent his skills to directing and working on the other side of the camera. The Uhtred actor said: "This season, having been behind the camera and being part of the whole prep, I really witnessed how much work went into these sets and how much attention to detail there is. "I spent as much time in front of the camera as I did behind the camera, so I was definitely thrown in at the deep end, but I’m completely in love with it.   "I’m just so grateful to have been able to do it." The show is based on the novel series by Bernard Cornwell called The Saxon Stories. Although this is the show's last season, there are 13 books for fans to get stuck into when the series finally ends. The Last Kingdom season 5 is on Netflix now 