Muhsin Bayrak is the latest name to express an interest in purchasing Chelsea from Roman Abramovich - which could see the Blues reignite their interest in Turkish star Merih Demiral. Abramovich confirmed in a statement on Wednesday night that the club were on the market after spending 19 years at the helm in the capital. And Bayrak has confirmed that he's interested in succeeding the Russian oligarch; confirming that he was in negotiations with Abramovich's lawyers in a bid to strike a deal. "We are discussing the terms of Chelsea's purchase with Roman Abramovich's lawyers," he said on Thursday night. "We are in the negotiation phase. We will fly the Turkish flag in London soon." Bayrak is likely to face strong competition from the likes of Hansjorg Wyss and Todd Boehly, who have both confirmed their interest in the Blues. READ MORE: Shakhtar Donetsk chief directs anger at Russian players after youth coach killed by shell But if the Turkish billionaire does pip them to a deal for the Londoners, then there's a chance he could mark his arrival by snapping up one of Turkey's premier players. Demiral has been linked with a raft of top European clubs over the past few months, including Real Madrid and Newcastle. Previous reports have also credited Chelsea with an interest in the 23-year-old centre-back, who is currently earning rave reviews on loan at Juventus' Serie A rivals, Atalanta. Given that Demiral has previously been valued at around £83.5million by Juve, any deal for the commanding defender would not come cheap - but Chelsea may be left with little choice but to splash out on a new marquee defender given their current contract concerns. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'make decision' on Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial's futuresSix relegation-threatened stars Man Utd can add to cut-price summer transfer shortlistMan Utd 'could offload 11 players' in mass exodus with three managers under consideration The Blues are currently on course to lose a trio of central defenders in the summer; with Cesar Azpilicueta, Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger all free to leave the club in the summer. While the Chelsea hierarchy have made numerous attempts to tie the trio down to new deals, time is running out to keep them at the club. And there will be no shortage of suitors for the Blues contract rebels. Rudiger has evolved into one of the Premier League's most consistent defenders under Thomas Tuchel after a frustrating spell at the club under the German's predecessor, Frank Lampard. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ However, the Blues are unwilling to meet the 29-year-old's lavish contract demands. With Rudiger reportedly demanding up to £200,000-a-week, whoever takes the club over could seek to reinvest those funds into a younger defender instead of granting Rudiger a bumper new deal. And that could pave the way for Chelsea to rekindle their previous interest in Demiral - particularly if his compatriot, Bayrak, wins the race to succeed Abramovich.