Newcastle United's owners have been recommended Real Madrid and Wales extraordinaire Gareth Bale to take Eddie Howe's squad up another level this summer. The 32-year-old is approaching a major crossroads in his career that the Magpies could use to their advantage. Bale's talents were on full display last week when Wales beat Austria 2-1 in their European World Cup qualifying play-off semi final. The enigmatic winger's clean second-half strike added to a stunning free-kick to keep his country's hopes of reaching the 2022 World Cup alive. The former Tottenham star's career had otherwise been winding down at club level, with Bale notching just four La Liga appearances this season as the end of his contract beckons. There will be little love lost when Bale does make way at the end of the campaign too after a series of run-ins with the fans since his 2013 move. JUST IN: Liverpool ace Jordan Henderson's brutal response to Harry Maguire training error It is believed that most of his efforts are being channelled towards Wales reaching the World Cup for the first time since 1958. Having suffered with injury and a tense few years out in Spain, there is talk that he could hang up his boots if their tournament bid falls short. But Bale's former Spurs team-mate, Darren Bent, believes that he still has plenty more in the tank. Bent also urged Newcastle to delve into their almost limitless pot of funds to put together an enticing package that may lure the Welshman up to the north-east after closing his Madrid chapter. "He has still got an awful lot of quality in that left foot," he told talkSPORT. "He is a top-drawer player and when Wales needed someone to step up, he was there. DON'T MISS: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's Marcus Rashford comments could hinder Arsenal transferLeeds could demand four Barcelona players in blockbuster Raphinha swap dealFrank Lampard has family member to blame for Dele Alli deal as Everton 'ponder' early exit "For me, he's one of the greats. There's an argument [for him to get into the best Premier League side of all time]. I think he's better than [Ryan] Giggs." In a later show, ex-Sunderland striker Bent continued to shower praise on his former team-mate: "He is incredible, Gareth Bale, we have seen it time and time again. That’s a superstar signing they are looking for. I think they [Newcastle fans] would be happy with it." Back in 2007, Bale and Bent were unveiled as Spurs players on the same day. The latter, still in his teenage years, got off to a slow start before all hell broke loose in the 2012/13 season, netting 21 Premier League goals after morphing into a fearsome winger. At St James' Park, Howe already has one star winger in Allan Saint-Maximin but there is certainly a vacancy for another. With their Premier League safety looking virtually certain, the Magpies can look ahead to another free-spending summer before vying to catapult themselves up the table. Bale will be available on a free transfer, but would be expected to command significant wages if he is to extend his illustrious playing career. Having blown the rest of the division away with a whopping £90million January spend, more frivolous transfer activity in a few months' time would not take many by surprise.