It was hoped that the scene featuring the late Princess of Wales would not make the final cut, according to The Sun. A source revealed the Duke of Cambridge would have preferred if his mother had not featured in the new drama.  The source told The Daily Mail: “Prince William would have preferred not to see his mother feature alongside this vile monster at all. “But he would be particularly displeased that it's in a BBC show — and one that's proved so controversial. “Although Diana was one of the important people who Savile ingratiated himself with, there were many others whose influence played a greater part in him getting access to young people and hiding in plain sight.” The new drama, The Reckoning, will chart Savile’s upbringing, early career and child sexual offences.  It is scheduled to air later this year with Steve Coogan playing Savile and Princess Diana will be played by Kate Tickle. The drama will feature the moment that Savile greeted the Princess of Wales at the opening of the Spinal Injuries Centre Stoke Mandeville Hospital in 1983. Although the BBC has come under fire for its decision to portray Savile’s life, they worked with the victim's families to portray the story with “sensitivity and respect”, according to The Daily Mail. Executive producer Jeff Pope explained that Steve Coogan was the right actor to portray Savile. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: US fury after Harry 'shows face at American event'  He said: “I think this is a story that has to be told. “We must understand why a man like Jimmy Savile seemed to remain immune for so long to proper scrutiny and criminal investigation. “Steve has a unique ability to inhabit complex characters and will approach this role with the greatest care and integrity.” Piers Wenger Controller, of BBC Drama, added that the idea of the programme was to give a voice to Savile’s victims. DON'T MISS:  Dr Shola rages over 'wicked' move against Meghan Markle [REVEAL] William issued warning by 'worried' Queen  [INSIGHT] Photographer lets slip what 'miserable' Sussexes are like [SPOTLIGHT]   He said: "The story of Jimmy Savile is one of the most emotive and troubling of our times. “We do not intend to sensationalise these crimes but to give voice to his victims. “We will work with survivors to ensure their stories are told with sensitivity and respect and to examine the institutions which Jimmy Savile was associated with and the circumstances in which these crimes took place. “Drama has the ability to tackle sensitive real-life subjects and consider the impact of a crime on its survivors and what lessons can be learnt to stop this ever happening again.” A BBC led inquiry found that Savile had abused 72 children between 1959 and 2006. 