Her Majesty the Queen has become the first British monarch to reach 70 years on the throne. She is preparing for a year of celebrations to mark her Platinum Jubilee, which will see the country given the chance to participate in a variety of competitions, events and activities. A four-day bank holiday weekend will also be observed, from June 2 to June 5. To ensure that generations to come remember the historic event, initiatives like the Queen’s Green Canopy and the Platinum Pudding competition will take place. And her private estates will also join in with special Jubilee-themed events, offering yet more opportunities for members of the public to remember the historic milestone. The Queen's Guards will also be preparing to perform at the various events this year. Her trainees were followed by Channel 5 in 2020 and 2021 for its documentary exploring the brutal and stringent training regime they go through in order to serve at the very top of the British Army. Cameras filming during The Queen's Guards: On Her Majesty's Service captured a unique insight into what life is like in the oldest continuously serving regiment in the British Army. The Coldstream Guards is the largest garrison in the British Army, turning out 450 of the finest infantry soldiers which supply the Queen's footgear regiments. Recruits must master infanteering, and as footgears must perfect all ceremonial foot drills. Such is the extremity of the dual role of responsibilities required, many in the Coldstream Guards' top tier have described what the men live as a "double life". JUST IN: Princesses Beatrice & Eugenie have 'strong bonds' with the Queen Lieutenant Colonel David Marsham said: "One of the most important distinctions to make is that we have a dual life as guardsmen. "There is a red life: state ceremonies and public duties. "And there is a green life, which is being prepared to fight the Queen's enemies on the battlefield." The guardsmen rotate every two years between Victoria Barracks on infantry operations, and public duties in London. DON'T MISS Snoop Dogg reveals the Queen stopped him getting kicked out of UK [REPORT] Queen's armour saved by Britain's rainy WEATHER [INSIGHT] Inside Buckingham Palace Gardens that the Queen used for Girlguiding [ANALYSIS] Recruits who one day hope to join the 1st Battalion Coldstream Guards train next to Windsor Castle at Victoria Barracks. With drums and guns, the Coldstream Guards are one of the noisiest battalions in the Army. Speaking during the documentary, Drum Major Tony Oliver noted the vital importance of the Coldstream Guards to the Army as a whole. He explained: "People aren't going anywhere without us because you can't move on a battlefield without fire support, and you can't move on parade without music." Having previously been deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan, Major Oliver now makes sure the recruits are up to scratch and know their timing, ready for the ceremonies. Part of the elite Household Division, the Coldstream Guards was first formed as Monck’s Regiment of Foot in 1650. This was when England was a republic following the overthrow and execution of King Charles I. Then, in 1855, it took its current name, which has not changed in the intervening years since. The Coldstream Guards is best-known to the public for its ceremonial costume: a red tunic and tall bearskin hat. They can often be seen standing outside Buckingham Palace unflinching for hours on end . The Queen's Guards: On Her Majesty's Service airs on Thursday at 8pm on Channel 5, with earlier episodes available to stream on My5.