The report from the inside comes just a day after it was reported that the FSB, successor to the KGB, had provided inaccurate information to Putin in order to avoid upsetting him in the build-up to the invasion. Philip Ingram, a security expert and former senior British intelligence officer, said that Putin was “very angry” at the misinformation. It now appears to be getting worse for the Russian despot as Andrei Soldatov, co-founder and editor of investigative website Agentura, reported via Twitter that he had heard from Russian sources Putin had placed several members of the FSB under house arrest and was “truly unhappy”. An alleged report by an FSB officer stated: “We have been increasingly pressed to customise reports to the requirements of management. “All these political consultants, politicians and their retinue, influence teams - all this created chaos. Now, even if Zelensky is killed, taken prisoner, nothing will change.” Mr Ingram claimed that Putin blames the FSB “for seeding him the advice that led to the poor decision-making in Ukraine.” Mr Soldatov today tweeted: “Putin appears to be truly unhappy with the FSB in Ukraine. “Sergei Beseda, head of the Service, and his deputy Bolukh, head of the DOI, placed under house arrest, according to my sources inside.” The editor had earlier told The Times that the FSB was “not a competent organisation. “The final reports that they produced on the situation on the ground in the run-up to the invasion were simply not right, which is part of the reason as to why things have gone so badly for Russia.” It would appear from these reports that Putin expected a much weaker Ukraine that could be taken quickly and with minimal resistance. Their opening invasion consisted of light forces backed up by air strikes to take targeted locations. Since then they have broadened their focus - and Putin has even reportedly replaced eight of his generals. Oleksiy Danilov, head of Ukraine's security council, yesterday claimed that “around eight” Russian commanders had been fired since the invasion began. READ MORE: Russian tactical blunder: Moment Putin's attack convoy blown to pieces [INSIGHT] He said on Ukrainian state television: “We have a clear understanding of what plans the enemy has now. “They have changed them a little since the beginning of the war, which they wanted to win in 2-3 days and march [into Kyiv]. It hasn’t happened and never will. “They changed their leadership. They had about 8 generals removed from their posts because they did not complete the task. Now new ones have been appointed. “We clearly understand what is happening in the Russian Federation. Moreover, I can say that they are desperate.” It is difficult to pinpoint how many Russian soldiers have died in the conflict. DON'T MISS: London emergency: Television Centre evacuated as police rush to scene [INSIGHT]RAF emergency: Two US F-15 fighter jets forced to make sudden landing [REVEAL]Sky News reporter takes on Lavrov over hospital tragedy [ANALYSIS] Ukraine reports the number as 12,000, while European intelligence places it between 6,000 and 9,000. The US report the number as 3,000. However, the alleged report from an FSB whistleblower warned that 10,000 Russian soldiers could be dead - close to the Ukrainian estimate. The Russian defence ministry has only formally acknowledged 498 deaths so far. The report added that the actual figure was unclear as “we have lost contact with major divisions.” It went on to state: “Russia has no way out. There are no options for a possible victory, only defeat."