The 94th Academy Awards has become one of the most talked-about nights in Oscars history after Hollywood star Will Smith slapped comedian Chris Rock before picking up the trophy for Best Actor. Posting his response on Instagram, Virgin River cast member Benjamin Hollingsworth said he understood Will’s actions, though admitted both men crossed a line. Dan Brady star Benjamin defended Will’s right to stand up for his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith, after Chris made a crack about her shaven hair. Chris joked he looked forward to seeing her in GI Jane 2 - the original film starred actress Demi Moore with a shaved head - which prompted Will to slap the presenter on-stage. Jada had been diagnosed with alopecia in 2018 and revealed she had shaved her head in 2021, leading many critics to label Chris’ joke insensitive. On his latest Instagram Story, Benjamin reacted to the intense live TV moment with various pictures of his Virgin River co-stars, including Martin Henderson and Alexandra Breckenridge, looking shocked. READ MORE: New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air He wrote: “All of us while watching the Oscar drama. Accurate.” The Netflix star later gave his interpretation of events, and conceded there were mistakes made on both sides. “A man should ALWAYS stand up for his wife and family,” he said. “It’s never ok to come at someones disease. Rock crossed a line but so did Will.” (sic) Many fellow celebs have sided with Will after Chris’ joke was considered tasteless, including Tiffany Haddish who said: "That's what your husband is supposed to do, right? Protect you.” However, Benjamin also felt Will may have taken the confrontation too far by resorting to violence. He continued: “As actors we condition ourselves to act on instinct - it’s what makes a good actor great, the lack of inhibitions. “That said, violence is NOT ok! Unless your family is in immediate physical danger keep your hands down and let your words do the hitting.” DON'T MISS:Bridgerton season 2: Edwina star’s huge lie to avoid spoilers [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul’s Bob Odenkirk has ‘no idea’ how he landed role [INTERVIEW]Power Book 4 fans ‘distraught’ as major character killed off [REACTION] “Easier said than done. As a husband and father I know first hand the rage one feels when a member of your family is wronged or attacked.” (sic) Chris elected not to press charges against Will after the incident which left millions of viewers reeling towards the end of this year’s Oscars. In a recent statement, the King Richard star and Best Actor winner publicly apologised to Chris. He wrote on Instagram: “I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong.” “Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive. My behaviour at last night's Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. “Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada's medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally. “I deeply regret that my behaviour has stained what has been an otherwise gorgeous journey for all of us.” Will picked up the award for his performance as Richard Williams, the father of tennis champions Venus and Serena. Meanwhile, Benjamin is expected to reprise his role as Dan in the forthcoming fourth and fifth seasons of Virgin River. Virgin River seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Netflix.