The meteorological start of spring on March 1 hasn’t heralded much of an improvement in the UK’s weather. While temperatures are gradually increasing, next week could bring temperatures all the way back down, and with it plenty of snow and dismal weather to the UK. According to WXCHARTS, snow is probable in parts of the UK from as soon as this weekend, with snow predicted to fall across Wales and the north west of England, with some also likely in Scotland’s central belt by 6pm. This is expected to spread further as the evening goes on, with the highlands quickly becoming engulfed in snow, and heavier snowfall expected at higher elevations in the Cairngorms. Snow is expected to continue to fall in the days after in the north of Scotland, and the rest of the nation can expect snow all the way down to the borders overnight on Wednesday, March 23. Early predictions suggest a huge barrage of snow is expected to hit the following weekend, leaving almost no part of the UK untouched. From lunchtime on Saturday, March 26, according to maps from WXCHARTS, plenty of snow is forecast to fall continually throughout England, Northern Ireland, Wales and Scotland. The snow is expected to continue well into the following week. The heaviest snowfall is likely to be in northern Scotland and northern England, particularly in the north east, according to current map predictions. According to BBC Weather, up until Sunday, March 27, the weather is set to be changeable - but temperatures are expected to remain low and ripe for snowfall. The forecast reads: “Monday is looking like another dry day across the country with a good chance of seeing some sunny spells especially over eastern parts of the country. “Tuesday could see a little rain affecting Northern Ireland and the western side of the country, while eastern parts and southern regions should stay dry. “Wednesday could be a settled day everywhere with the best chance of some sunny spells over the northern half of the country.  DON'T MISSHouseholds could get extra £500 in Cold Weather Payment [INSIGHT] UK weather: Scots brace for freezing Thursday with 5cm of snow [REPORT]UK weather forecast: Nation to be lashed by Atlantic front - 12mm rain [MAPS] “Thursday could be another fair day for all regions although some morning fog formation could be a risk. “On Friday the signs point to another mainly fair day with a good chance of seeing some sunny spells. “Temperatures over the working week are forecast to be 1C above average. “Confidence is low for the weekend, but the signs point to the possibility of a wetter and windier pattern for Scotland and Northern Ireland, although nothing on the extreme side. “It looks like it could be more settled elsewhere, especially across south-east England.”