Manchester United have interviewed a third mystery boss alongside Erik ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino as part of their lengthy managerial recruitment process, reports claim. The Old Trafford hierarchy are taking their time to ponder over the decision, knowing it's one of the most important calls they've made since Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement in 2013. The process has been pretty black and white from the outside, where the race is perceived as a straight shootout between Ten Hag and Pochettino. Julen Lopetegui has already committed his future to Sevilla while Luis Enrique has confirmed he will manage Spain at this year's World Cup. However, The Telegraph are reporting that a third unnamed candidate has now been interviewed for the role by United. It would suggest the board are remaining open-minded about who could replace Ralf Rangnick at the end of the season. READ MORE: Man Utd and Ajax 'have already discussed' Erik ten Hag announcement and compensation fee United bided their time before appointing the German following the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and also spoke to the likes of Ernesto Valverde, Lucien Favre and Rudi Garcia. Football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher are spearheading the recruitment process. It's now emerged that United are seeking to conduct a second round of interviews with the candidates in a bid to formalise their final decision. Ajax have been fully cooperative throughout the process, having granted United permission to speak with Ten Hag. READ MOREMohamed Salah and Egypt targeted with lasers by Senegal fans in World Cup play-off deciderSadio Mane sends Senegal to World Cup as Liverpool team-mate Mo Salah skies penaltyAjax director shines light on Erik ten Hag mindset after completing Man Utd interview The Red Devils have also been sounding out the financial cost of any deal for the 52-year-old. It's understood they would have to cough up around £4million in compensation to free him from his Ajax contract. United sources have also denied there have been discussions regarding the timings of any potential announcement. Meanwhile, Paris Saint-Germain are thought to be willing to part company with Pochettino at the end of the season. The Argentine has endured a rough ride since replacing Thomas Tuchel in January 2021 after failing to win Ligue 1 last season. He has come under fire in recent weeks following the Champions League capitulation against Real Madrid, which has since been followed up by a 3-0 defeat at Monaco. PSG would have to pay Pochettino and his staff around £17m to relieve them from their duties. That figure could be saved if Pochettino was to accept any offer that arrives from United.