Organisers behind the Saudi-backed Super Golf League have confirmed that the breakaway tour will launch later this year. The UK is set to host the first event of the new league, which is set to have one of the highest prize pots in history with $25m up for grabs. The Super League is officially known as the LIV Golf Invitational Series, and has now been launched by LIV Golf Investments and its chief executive Greg Norman. The golf legend has been acting as the face and biggest advocate of the breakaway tour, which had only been a proposition up until now. The Centurion Club in London will have the unique distinction of being the first venue for the series, which has planned for eight events in its first year. That first competition is set to take place in June, just a week before the US Open at The Country Club in Massachusetts. While the major tournament is by far the biggest draw for players in terms of its prestige, eyebrows will be raised by the amount of cash on offer at the Super League's maiden event. The prize pot will be $25m – precisely double the amount that will be shared out among players at the US Open. JUST IN: Europe captain Stenson to go down in Ryder Cup history with win vs US In total, a grand figure of $255m is on offer for players across the eight events scheduled to take place as part of the rogue series. Each of the first seven events will have an identical purse of $25m, matching the maiden event in London, which is made up of $20m in individual prizes and a further $5m on offer for the top three teams. After those seven events have taken place, an individual champion will be identified with the top three players of the season splitting a further prize fund of $30m. Those figures only further underline the financial mis-match between this new tour and the current system – the Players Championship this year had the biggest purse in PGA Tour history, but at $20m was still lower than every event in the new series. The eighth and final event will be one where teams go head-to-head, with each group competing for a huge $50m prize fund. The massive amount of cash being pumped into the new series will come from Saudi Arabia, which is part of the reason why it is so controversial. DON'T MISS:Woods' ex-caddie makes surprise revelation about 15-time major champPGA Tour isn’t out of the woods despite Saudi Super League failureJohnson named USA Ryder Cup captain to take on Europe in Italy in 2023 It is not just the huge cash prizes which will set the new series apart from its competitors. Each tournament will consist of three 18-hole rounds rather than the usual four, with no cut. Play will also begin on each day with a shotgun start. The team format will see players drafted each week, with a maximum of 48 players taking part at any single event to form 12 teams of four. That means a much smaller field than most other golf events, and so the prize money splits will also be larger. Launching the new series, Norman said: "I want golf to grow, players to have additional opportunities, and fans to have more fun. My mission is to help the game reach its full potential and we know the role of golf as an entertainment product is critical to overall participation in the sport. "In many ways, we are a start-up. We have a long-term vision and aim to grow. I believe we have a very bright and exciting future. Our events are truly additive to the world of golf. We have done our best to create a schedule that allows players to play elsewhere, while still participating in our events. "I believe players will increasingly make progress in achieving their right to play where they want. We will help in any way possible and will provide golfers with opportunities to achieve their full potential." PGA Tour commissioner Jay Monahan has said in the past that any players who take part in the breakaway series would be banned for life from taking part in any events back on the traditional tour.  It is not currently known if that would be legally enforcable, or if a point will even come where it might have to be. Many high-profile players have already voiced their opposition to the new series, including the likes of Rory McIlroy, Jon Rahm, Bryson DeChambeau, Brooks Koepka and Collin Morikawa. Norman has dismissed the idea of his new tour being affected by that in the long run, as he believes hearts and minds can be won over. In a leaked letter sent to some players, he admitted that "some players may choose not to play with us right away", but voiced his belief that "many of those who aren't with us now will be with us later".