It was organised by the National Union of Students (NUS) following last week’s announcement over changes to the tuition fee payment system. The Government’s proposals would see students beginning degree courses in 2023 start paying back their loans when their graduate salary hits £25,000. The current threshold is £27,295. The period for paying off the debt would also be extended from 30 to 40 years, which means fewer people will end up with money being written off. The move – part of the response to the Augar review into post-18 education – is designed to reduce the subsidy from taxpayers. There are also plans to introduce new minimum entry requirements, which could bar teenagers from accessing student loans if they don’t have standard GCSE passes in English and maths. Speakers at the strike including NUS UK President Larissa Kennedy strongly opposed these plans, saying they were an “attack on opportunity”. Larissa said: “The Government’s response to the Augar recommendations are an attack on opportunity. They show just how far marketised education has left students and staff behind. “Now is the time to reimagine education and build a system which is rooted in care and liberation. Something altogether different and better. Something operating for the transformation of society, and actually valuing the needs and wants of students. Something accessible, fully funded, lifelong and democratic. “That’s why the student movement are coming together to create an alternative on 2nd March at our student strike. Together, we will imagine and build a better education system for the next 100 years.” Coachloads of undergraduates from across the country took part in the rally in Bloomsbury, London, to walk out of education and reimagine a fairer system. According to new NUS research, fewer than one in twenty (four percent) students believe we have a good education system and there’s no need to change it. Just over one in five (22 percent) feel that Colleges and Universities are a priority for their government. And 48 percent of students think that previous generations had a better experience of being students; just 12 percent disagreed. Kieron Warren, 21, studying Politics at the University of Warwick, said: “This education system isn’t working for students. A lot of people are overworked, and we are seeing the effects of casualisation of academic work where in my course, often module conveners don’t have enough time to provide feedback. “We have seen the pressure build up on students and mental health has really been impacted because of this. “The pandemic has really compounded and exposed the already existing problems with the system.” Ink David, 19, a first-year student from the University of Manchester, who took part in Wednesday's strike says “we will make our voice heard”. They said: “I’m striking because I think it’s unacceptable that the government has proposed to reduce the repayment threshold on student loans. This will disproportionately hurt lower-earning people. “It's necessary for us to show up in numbers to prove to the government that we won't stand for this. We will make our voice heard, and I just hope that they listen”. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Zac Larkham, 21, a second-year student at Sheffield Hallam University, joined hundreds taking part in regional actions across the UK. He said: “The university system isn’t working for students; it doesn’t reflect our interests or values. Instead, we have a for-profit system where vice-chancellors are more interested in engineering to raise their university’s placing in the league table than focusing on the quality of education”. It comes as academic staff at 68 UK universities have been taking part in a wave of strike action through the University and College Union. Some are striking over pay and conditions, others over pensions – but for most taking action, it is over both. For students, among the principal complaints on this front is tuition fees. The announcements on tuition fees made last week, which the government says are intended to make the higher education system “sustainable” and “fairer for students and taxpayers” have faced heavy criticism. The move was seen as discriminatory against students from poorer backgrounds, with UCU chief Jo Grady calling the plan an “attack on working-class learners”, and UK Labour’s shadow education secretary accusing the government of “slamming the door on opportunity.”