Spot gold lost 1.2 percent to $1,934.61 per ounce and US gold futures also shed one percent at $1,935. Spot silver also fell by 1.7 percent to $25.08 per ounce and platinum collapsed by 0.8 percent to $994.19. OANDA's senior analyst Jeffrey Halley said: "Gold is falling after its rally stalled on Friday and the US dollar strengthened this morning in Asia." The news comes after the US dollar strengthened and Treasury yields held firm against multi-month highs. The Russian central bank has also reportedly fixed its price of 5,000 roubles ($52) per gram between March 28 and June 30. JUST IN: Putin's spokesman dismisses nuclear threat and swats away Biden's speech as ‘insult’ However, this is said to be below the current market value of around $68. The US Treasury announced last week it had banned all gold transactions with Russia's central bank. The Treasury website revealed: "US persons are prohibited from engaging in any transaction - including gold-related transactions - involving the Central Bank of the Russian Federation, the National Wealth Fund of the Russian Federation or the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation." It also follows on from reports that Russia could drop some of its previous demands in peace talks between Moscow and Kyiv. READ MORE: Israel urged to join NATO as Turkey seeks 'golden prize' of EU membership Reports suggest the Kremlin dropped three key demands, including the 'denazification' of Ukraine, in a draft ceasefire agreement. Ukrainian and Russian negotiating teams are set to meet face-to-face later today in Turkey. The Financial Times reports four people who have been "briefed on the discussions" suggest Russia is now prepared to leave the Ukrainian leadership in place and even drop the legal protection of the Russian language. It has also been claimed Vladimir Putin might allow Volodymyr Zelensky to take Ukraine into the European Union. DON'T MISS:‘We won’t destroy ourselves’ Hungary’s Orban hits back at Zelensky [REVEAL] Ukraine poised to unleash deadly new weapon on Putin's troops [INSIGHT] Kremlin forces humiliated after Stalingrad tank division destroyed [SPOTLIGHT] However, the Kremlin continues to call on Kyiv to drop any hopes of joining NATO. Mr Zelensky said: "Security guarantees and neutrality, non-nuclear status of our state. "We are ready to go for it. This is the most important point."