easyJet has said mask wearing will now be a personal choice for travellers. Masks must still be worn if it is a legal requirement in the departure or arrival airport. Face masks do not have to be worn on UK domestic flights apart from on journeys arriving or departing Scotland. The rule change will also apply to flights travelling to Denmark, Gibraltar, Iceland and Hungary. It said it would not “mandate customers and crew to wear masks onboard the flight”. easyJet added: “Any customers or crew who wish to continue wearing a mask will of course have their personal choice respected. READ MORE: Covid passport: EU travel certificate about to change - new rule “As a pan-European airline operating between over 30 countries, we must continue to ensure that we and our customers follow the legal requirements of all the countries we fly to.” The airline said it would provide clear information to its passengers on face mask restrictions for flights. It follows similar moves by other popular airlines to scrap face masks in recent weeks. Tui, Jet2 and British Airways have all ditched masks for certain destinations. easyJet also celebrated the lifting of UK restrictions on passenger locator forms and travel testing earlier this month. It said: “Brilliant news, the UK Government has announced that from March 18, you won’t need to fill out a passenger locator form or take any test to fly to the UK. “We can’t wait to welcome you back on board soon.” Passengers will still need to wear a mask on flights travelling to Italy and several other European destinations. Face masks are still mandatory in all indoor venues in Spain, including airports and on public transport. British tourists will need to make sure they bring a mask on holiday, even if they do not intend to wear one on the plane. Health experts have said it is a good idea to wear a mask on a plane to lower the risk of contracting the virus. Masks have been a contentious issue for some airlines and have even caused fights between passengers. Several passengers were ejected from planes during the pandemic for refusing to wear a mask. Heathrow has also scrapped mandatory masks in the airport, although there are reports that many passengers continue to wear them. British tourists will need to check with their airline if they are unsure whether they need to wear a mask. Some airlines will provide passengers with masks but it is a better idea to pack one in case it is needed. British tourists travelling to Italy will need to wear an FFP2 mask which are available at Boots and other retailers.