Jeremy Clarkson, 61, has jumped to Prince William’s defence as he and Kate Middleton embarked on a Caribbean tour around the Commonwealth nations. The couple have visited the Bahamas, Jamaica and Belize in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Although the couple did receive a warm welcome from many, the trip has been marred by criticism surrounding Britain’s role in the slave trade and protests for the countries to remove the Queen as their head of state. Responding to critics, Jeremy said he greatly “admires” the Duke for “sticking with” with his duties. He also took the opportunity to swipe at Prince Harry who he says “learned to fly the exotic Apache gunship” and then “b***ered off to California”. The Grand Tour star said: “As Prince William heads home from his trip to various sun-kissed and idyllic Caribbean islands, I’m left open-mouthed with admiration for the man.” READ MORE:Gogglebox's Jenny Newby tearful over organ donation chat He imagined a scenario where William would have been sat down as a child and told “he was going to spend his entire life opening disabled lavatories in civic centres” with “no private life” nor a “proper holiday”. The novice farmer then jibed at Prince Harry, saying: “If I’d been in [William’s] shoes, I’d have hitched myself to an American hotty, taken up weed and buggered off to live in California. “He didn’t, though. He stuck at it,” Jeremy added in his column for The Sun. Piers Morgan has also publicly defended the Cambridges and simultaneously blasted Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. He angrily retweeted an article from People which was headlined: “Prince William and Kate Middleton Under Pressure as They Face Backlash on Their First Caribbean Tour.” The journalist then raged to his 7.9m followers: “Actually, despite the best efforts of your beloved Sussexes to smear the Royal Family as a bunch of nasty racists, they’ve been received with great warmth and joy.” As William and Kate toured Jamaica, they faced protests which accused the Queen and her predecessors of perpetuating slavery. The couple also had to cancel their first stop in Belize following objections from locals. DON'T MISS'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star[LATEST]Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts[INSIGHT]Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**'[NEWS] Speaking during their visit to Jamaica, William expressed his “profound sorrow” for the history of slavery. In a speech delivered on Wednesday, the Duke said: “I want to express my profound sorrow. Slavery was abhorrent. And it should never have happened. “While the pain runs deep, Jamaica continues to forge its future with determination, courage and fortitude. The strength and shared sense of purpose of the Jamaican people, represented in your flag and motto, celebrate an invincible spirit.” He added that he “strongly” agrees with a speech Prince Charles gave last year in Barbados when the country became a republic. It said: “The appalling atrocity of slavery, forever stains our history.” The couple also met the Jamaican Prime Minister, Andrew Holness, who made it clear that Jamaica is striving to become a republic ahead of its 60th anniversary of independence. William has since vowed to “respect the decisions” of countries which choose to cut ties with the monarchy. He said in a speech: “We respect the decision of countries like the Bahamas, Jamaica and Belize when it comes to their future. “With Jamaica celebrating 60 years of Independence this year, and Belize celebrating 40 years of independence last year, I want to say this, we support with pride and respect your decision about your future. Relationships evolve. Friendship endures.”