Alessandra Rampolla was welcomed to the cast of Married at First Sight Australia for season eight, replacing Dr Trisha Stratford as the third expert. Rampolla now sits alongside Mel Schilling and John Aiken in guiding the newlyweds in building that all-important connection. While the show delves into the singletons' relationships, fans are also eager to know more about the 47-year-old sexologist. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight Australia.Expert Alessandra Rampolla hasn't been shy about telling the contestants what she really thinks. Carolina Santos, who was married to Dion Giannarelli before moving onto Daniel Holmes, tried to justify her anger issues by saying that it was because she was Latina. This did not go down well with Puerto Rican Rampolla who was personally offended by her comments. She said: "As a Latina woman I can tell you we are of course feisty and very passionate. Never ever disrespectful and nasty and demeaning. "I'm not going to accept that as a representation of Latina women. I'll say that right now." READ MORE: Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? Certified clinical sexologist Rampolla was previously married to businessman John Hernandez. The couple tied the knot in 2007 but sadly, their marriage didn't work out. They filed for divorce in 2011, reportedly because she wanted to remain in Argentina to raise a family whereas John wished to go back to Puerto Rico to be closer to his family. Despite the "different paths" they chose, Rampolla says her experience helps her relate to the MAFS Australia contestants. Speaking to Woman's Day, the sexologist explained: "I think going through those ups and downs of a marriage will allow me to understand what some of these couples will go through. "But I don't think you need to have that experience to be able to offer up advice and I think my expertise and education gives me the tools to do that. "I did everything possible for us to be happy together, and I don't regret anything I did. "There was no drama between us, we love each other and we are friends but at a certain point, life just took us on a different path." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Graham Foster 'returns from the dead' to help Meena? [THEORY]Daniel Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Daniel Holmes now? [CAST]Matt Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Matt Ridley now? [EXPLAINER] Since her marriage to Hernandez, Rampolla has remained very private when it comes to her personal life. She hasn't opened up about any other relationships following her ex-husband so it isn't known if there have been any new romances in her life. Nevertheless, her career continues to thrive as one of the three MAFS Australia experts, leading the way during Intimacy Week. Rampolla has previously talked about how "bad sex" can lead to a relationship being destroyed. She told Channel Nine: "So many couples have broken up just because they don't find how to better express themselves and communicate themselves sexually. 'We don't want walls and distances up in any sort of intimate situation. "It should be something where there's a sense of, 'We're in this together and there's this little secret between us and you and I know how great of a time we have." Married at First Sight Australia season nine continues on Channel Nine in Australia and on E4 in the UK.