Chelsea have revealed that they will be looking to discuss their current situation with the UK government after Roman Abramovich was hit with a number of brutal sanctions on Thursday. The 55-year-old oligarch saw his assets frozen as a result of Russia's ongoing invasion of Ukraine, a move which has left the club unable to sell match-day tickets, merchandise or renegotiate contracts due to the new measures. Chelsea supporters will also be prevented from attending matches unless they are season ticket holders, while the European champions will be forced to spend no more than £20,000 on travel to away matches as part of their 'licence' to continue operating as a club. Abramovich recently spoke of his desire to sell the Blues after the government came under public pressure to deliver sanctions in light of recent developments in Ukraine. The UK government retains the power to implement special measures to allow a sale to go through if they decide that it would be in Chelsea's best interests. The European champions have since issued a statement on the matter in which they outlined their desire to explore the possibility of amending their 'licence' conditions in the near future. "Chelsea Football Club has been advised that its owner Roman Abramovich has been sanctioned by the UK government," read the statement. JUST IN: Chelsea news LIVE: Premier League make statement on Abramovich "By virtue of his 100 per cent ownership of Chelsea FC plc and affiliated entities, Chelsea FC would normally be subject to the same sanctions regime as Mr Abramovich. "However, the UK Government has issued a general licence that permits Chelsea FC to continue certain activities. "We will fulfil our men’s and women’s team fixtures today against Norwich and West Ham, respectively, and intend to engage in discussions with the UK Government regarding the scope of the licence. "This will include seeking permission for the licence to be amended in order to allow the Club to operate as normal as possible. "We will also be seeking guidance from the UK Government on the impact of these measures on the Chelsea Foundation and its important work in our communities."The Club will update further when it is appropriate to do so." Meanwhile, it remains to be seen how the situation at Chelsea will unfold over the coming weeks and months as they look to get to grips with their new restrictions. Abramovich bought the club in 2003 and transformed them into one of European football's biggest powerhouses with his big-spending habits and ruthless managerial policy. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE He has been largely responsible for shaping Chelsea's trophy-laden fortunes over the last two decades before making the decision to sell up amid the ongoing situation in Ukraine. A consortium led by American billionaire Todd Boehly and Swiss business magnate Hansjorg Wyss is already said to have tabled an offer for the Blues, while New York Jets owner Woody Johnson is reportedly among the other interested parties. British billionaire Nick Candy and Turkish businessman Muhsin Bayrak have also claimed to be in the running to purchase the club in the not-too-distant future. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here