The footage, which was shared on TikTok, showed a huge missile wedged in the corner of the kitchen at a house in the besieged city of Kharkiv. In the video, which has been seen by over three million people, a man can be seen walking into the house where the giant rocket is located. Miraculously, it only appears to have caused damage to the roof of the house and the kitchen sink. The kitchen appears to be scattered with debris but very little damage was caused by the sizeable rocket after it, fortunately, failed to explode. A later video shared by @pd05763 appears to show a Ukrainian bomb disposal unit inspecting the large warhead and casually wiggling it seemingly trying to see if it will come unstuck.  Ukraine's government previously shared a picture of the unexploded missile, tweeting: "Imagine, it was Sunday morning and you were sleeping with your kids," as it continues to call for NATO to impose a no-fly zone over the country. The missile struck the house which is located in a residential area of Kharkiv - Ukraine's second-largest city. According to Humans Rights Watch, Russian soldiers have been attacking the city and shelling populated areas. This includes the bombing of schools, apartment blocks, places of worship and shops. So far more than 450 are believed to have been killed in Kharkiv.  READ MORE: Putin rumbled as Pravda leaks REAL Russian death toll – 20 times more The city's Mayor Igor Terekhov previously said hundreds of buildings have been targeted and destroyed. He said: "It is impossible to say that the worst days are behind us, we are constantly being bombed". A witness in the city reportedly saw people on top of apartment buildings dropping grenades onto the streets on Monday night. Another, located outside of the city, reportedly heard more intense explosions than any other day since the war began.  DON'T MISS: Ukraine war: Russians in bitter squabbles over ‘propaganda’ of West [INSIGHT]Putin's negotiations intentions in doubt ‒ could be stalling [COMMENT]Zelensky assassination bid scuppered AGAIN as Putin death squad fails [ANALYSIS]  It comes after a video showed Russian troops, occupying Kherson, using stun grenades and gunfire to disperse protesters. Meanwhile, Russia has been tight-lipped about the death toll of Russian troops and reportedly just 498 deaths on March 2. But in a shocking move, the pro-Kremlin tabloid Komsomolskaya Pravda reported that 9,861 Russian soldiers have died in Ukraine and 16,153 injured, citing the country's ministry of defence. However, shortly after publication, the article was deleted and Komsomolskaya Pravda released a statement claiming it had been hacked. 