Residents in England are days away from losing access to free Covid testing. Moving to the next phase of the pandemic, the Government is scrapping free lateral flow tests for the majority of citizens, barring specific groups such as hospital patients and social care staff. As cases soar, the move seems ill-judged and potentially dangerous to many. Fortunately, you can now order a lateral flow test online that does not break the bank. Global medical supplier Medisave has launched an affordable COVID-19 lateral flow test Kit for only 99p. The UK Government-Approved Covid test kit is suitable for self-testing with results within 15 minutes. The kit can be ordered online for personal home or workplace usage. Next day delivery is available. Medisave believes that this low-cost COVID-19 test kit will transform the market and ensure affordability for individuals and workplaces following the Government announcement that free testing will end on the 1st of April 2022. According to Medisave, its supplied test will be several times cheaper than many high street chemists. The test can be ordered online from https://www.medisave.co.uk/covid-lateral-flow-test.html From 1 April, symptomatic testing will be free only for certain groups, such as hospital patients and social care staff. However, the Department of Health and Social Care has yet to give details on which other groups will be eligible. Scrapping free testing marks a significant change in how we live with the virus, and means that most people will no longer be able to order free lateral flow tests through the NHS or get a PCR test on demand. There have been growing calls to reverse the policy decision in the face of a rampant resurgance of Covid. Rising cases are once again placing pressure on the NHS and leaving people in the dark may seem wrong-headed. In the week ending 19 March, the UK recorded a million cases in a week. Data from the Office for National Statistics Swab tests suggest about one in every 16 people is infected. The figures for the week ending 19 March, which is thought to provide the most accurate picture of what is happening on the ground, show under 4.3 million people tested positive, up from 3.3 million the week before. The current wave in cases is being attributed to a triad of forces: the contagious Omicron variant BA.2 is spreading rapidly, people are interacting more as a result of the lifting of social restrictions, and waning vaccine immunity. The upshot is a rise in symptomatic cases across the country, which is also putting pressure on hospitals, with daily admissions now in the thousands. The Government has said that it will continue to fund free symptomatic testing for social care staff, but there is less clarity for NHS staff. England’s health secretary, Sajid Javid, said on 22 February that "if NHS staff need tests, they will be provided with free tests". But he said that this "will be a decision for the NHS", which suggests that the service or individual staff may need to foot the bill. In Scotland free lateral flow tests will no longer be available for the general population from 18 April, and free PCR testing for symptomatic people (apart from some at-risk groups) will end on 30 April. Wales is stopping free PCR tests except for at-risk groups from 28 March, but it will retain free lateral flow tests for symptomatic people until the end of June.