The 62-year-old Duke of York had been member of the organisation since his time serving in the Royal Navy. The late Prince Philip had previously served as president of the club. The club threw a lavish party last June to mark what would have been Philip’s 100th birthday.  Reports claim Andrew may have stepped down voluntarily as part of his decision to cut ties with organisations following his settlement with Virginia Giuffre. The Duke of York reportedly paid Ms Giuffre, between £10 and £12million to bring a civil sexual assault case made against him to a close. Prince Andrew has consistently and vehemently denied all allegations made against him. A source told The Sun: "The Duke’s name remained on the members’ list at the In & Out for several months. JUST IN: Prince Harry relieved as Duke of Sussex's 'second dad' returns home after cancer scare  "This was even after he stepped down as a member of the Royal Family. "But in recent days his name has disappeared from the books." The club was founded in 1862 for "gentlemen of the British Armed Forces". It now accepts female members and people who have not served in the Forces at all. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle's 4-word reply to stunned Prince Charles after offer to walk her down aisle [LATEST]Queen savagely mocked over dress in throwback picture: 'Like a Cadbury wrapper!' [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Do YOU think Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will have more children? [ANALYSIS]  In 2012, Philip marched members around St James’s Square to mark the club’s 150th anniversary. The club describes itself as a "blended, eclectic mix" of like-minded people from a "wide range of backgrounds". The news comes as Prince Andrew is to have no formal role in marking the upcoming 40th anniversary of the Falklands War. The Duke of York served in the conflict in 1982. A Royal source said: "He won’t be hosting so much as a barbecue. "It’s a shame for him in some ways. "The Falklands was an important part of his life." Buckingham Palace and Andrews reps have been approached for comment. 