Bridgerton series two is a matter of days away from landing on Netflix, and the new trailer has whipped fans into a frenzy as they dissect every scene hoping to find out what scandal will take place this summer season. Ahead of its premiere on March 25, Jonathan Bailey, who plays the man of the family Anthony Bridgerton, has spoken about the rules in place to help intimate scenes be filmed authentically and safely. Anthony has been the man of the house since Edmund Bridgerton (played by Rupert Evans) died - the father has been teased in the new trailer so fans may learn more about his demise - and is looking for love this time around. The heated moments between season one's diamond of the ball Daphne Bridgerton (Phoebe Dynevor) and Simon Basset (Regé-Jean Page) have gone down in history as some of the steamiest period romance scenes to date. Now Jonathan has divulged the intimate scenes are challenging but help the story to progress. He said: “I think the dance scenes and the sex scenes help propel the narrative forward, and you can see relationships change as characters dance together.” Read More: 'I just love it' Brenda Blethyn shares future plans for playing Vera  To make sure the dances are authentic, he worked closely with the show's choreography Jack Murphy, and much like with those scenes, the show also employs an intimacy coordinator to help with the sex scenes. Speaking to Radio Times he continued on how this role plays a pivotal part: "There are new tricks to the trade – little cushions – and it’s amazing what you can do with a half-inflated netball. “Well, if there are two people doing a sex scene, the rule is they must have three barriers separating them and there are certain acts where a half-inflated netball can allow for movement without having to connect physically. "It’s pretty silly really, and we have some hilarious moments, but it makes it less awkward.”  Lady Violet Bridgerton (Ruth Gemmell) opens the season two trailer with "This is the season the viscount intends to find a wife" which teases he may be involved in a few raunchy scenes. The show is based on a set of eight novels by Julia Quinn, with each one focusing on a different Bridgerton child. Season two focuses on Anthony and his interaction with the Sharma family, which is based on The Viscount Who Loved Me novel. The first outing of the show saw intimate scenes between Daphne and Simon, Anthony and his opera singer secret Siena Rosso (Sabrina Bartlett), as well as teasing some interesting sexually tense moments with Benedict Bridgerton (Luke Thompson) and several party goers. DON’T MISS…The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one [LATEST]Emmerdale youngster April Dingle devastated by dad Marlon's health scare? [SPOILERS]NCIS LA sparks fan frenzy as Deeks and Kensi stars confirm new roles ‘Dream duo!’ [LATEST] With the focus seeming to fall mainly on Anthony, the trailer also shows that Eloise Bridgeton (played by Claudia Jessie) could have found a suitor. In a fleeting clip, the young lady is approached to dance at one of the balls potentially. The now most eligible female Bridgerton has big shoes to fill with her sister's success, but fans may have to wait some time as the fifth book focuses on her storyline. Her time to shine is based on the novel To Sir Phillip, With Love. As mentioned, the short video also gives fans a quick glimpse of Anthony and Edmund, on a hunting trip. It is unclear yet if he will appear throughout the season through a series of flashbacks or if that is all viewers will get. The trailer contains a few clues to how Edmund dies, with readers knowing that he died from a bee sting before meeting his final child Hyacinth (Florence Hunt). Bridgerton season 2 airs on March 25 on Netflix, with season 1 available to watch now.