Erik ten Hag is interested in signing Ajax star Antony for his next club amid links to Manchester United, according to reports. The Dutchman is on the Red Devils’ radar as they look for a permanent replacement for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, who was axed earlier in the campaign. However, he’s not the only manager under consideration with the club also eyeing Mauricio Pochettino, Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui. Manchester United are bracing themselves for a huge summer, both on and off the pitch. They are primed to hire a fifth manager since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement back in 2013, with the club seeing the likes of David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer fail in the time since. At the moment, it’s Ajax boss Ten Hag who is the frontrunner to secure the role having been interviewed by John Murtough and Darren Fletcher last week. They do intend, however, to interview Enrique and Lopetegui after also holding talks with Paris Saint-Germain boss Pochettino. Now, according to The Telegraph, Ten Hag would want to bring Ajax winger Antony with him to wherever he goes next. That could mean United, with the futures of four players currently shrouded in uncertainty due to the events of this season. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The Red Devils are primed to let Edinson Cavani leave on a free transfer, with the Uruguay international struggling for game time ever since the Hollywood homecoming of Cristiano Ronaldo back in the summer. Anthony Martial may be cut loose, too, with the France international continuing to blow hot and cold since moving to Sevilla in January. Marcus Rashford is wanted by Arsenal having toiled this term, with the 24-year-old presently a shadow of the player he used to be. And with Mason Greenwood still unavailable amid a police investigation, that could force United into taking transfer action. Antony has scored eight goals and clocked up four assists in the Eredivisie this term, enhancing his reputation as one of Europe’s best young players. And he’s not the only player being linked with a move to United as the summer transfer window creeps increasingly closer. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Tottenham star Harry Kane is reportedly on United’s radar, having seen a move to Manchester City fail to materialise last year. The England international has regained his best form under Antonio Conte and the Red Devils are hopeful of recruiting him at the end of the campaign. Jorge Mendes, the super-agent, has already started looking at replacements for Kane on Tottenham’s behalf - though the north London giants insist he’s working of his own accord. Darwin Nunez has been linked, having taken Portuguese football by storm with Benfica this season. And so too has Tammy Abraham, with the England international shining under former United and Tottenham boss Jose Mourinho with Roma. United have longstanding interest in West Ham’s Declan Rice, with the club away they need reinforcing in the middle of the park. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And, at centre-back, Manuel Akanji has been linked due to the fact he’s so far resisted Borussia Dortmund’s attempts to tie him down to a new deal. While United want Ten Hag, however, former manager Louis van Gaal has insisted he should choose a club that isn’t ‘commercial’ instead. “Erik ten Hag is a great coach, and that is always good for Manchester United,” said the Netherlands boss, who lasted two years at Old Trafford. “But Manchester United are a commercial club, so it’s a difficult choice for a coach. He’d better go to a football club. “I’m not going to advise him, he’ll call me himself. But he must choose a football club and not a commercial club.” Van Gaal has previously criticised United for their failings in the transfer market, saying in 2020: "I wanted Robert Lewandowski, but when this proved difficult I tried to get Gonzalo Higuain instead. "Before I had arrived, I also spoke with the board about Neymar. “If you are at United, you have to think big - he was also interesting for the club in terms of selling shirts, and I wanted to have quick wingers. "For that reason, I also tried to get Sadio Mane and Riyad Mahrez. Thomas Muller was on my wish list, too, and in central midfield, I wanted N'Golo Kante. “I even tried to sign James Milner, who was already quite old but very multifunctional and possessed leadership skills. "For the defence, I wanted Sergio Ramos and Mats Hummels, because ours wasn't the strongest in building from the back. “Those were my top targets, but we couldn't get any of them. I don't know why, because as the manager I wasn't involved in any negotiations.”