Meghan and Prince Harry spoke on various occasions about their whirlwind romance and how quickly they realised they were made for one another. Since 2016, when they first met, the pair have created a strong bond which, one royal author suggested, may have been made even stronger by their shared experience. Royal author Nigel Cawthorne told OK! magazine: "It’s Harry and Meghan against the world, or them against the British establishment. "But when couples go through a shared problem, it does tend to make them stronger." Another royal commentator, Katie Nicholl, noted Meghan and Harry's life dramatically changed over the past four years. And the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, she said, have gone through it all together as "a team". Follow live updates on the Royal Family here She told the magazine: "In only four years they’ve been on an extraordinary journey, making such huge decisions. "But as Harry said, they are in it together, as a team. "When you think about what they’ve turned their backs on, what they’ve given up and particularly the sacrifices Harry has made, it’s just as well they’re such a strong unit because they’ve only really got each other." Ms Nicholl went on looking at Meghan and Harry's family ties. READ MORE: Meghan's sister has Twitter account suspended Following the Duke and Duchess' move to California in the spring of 2020, Meghan returned to live close to her beloved mother Doria Ragland. Ms Ragland was last spotted with the Sussexes in February, when she looked on while they received the NAACP Image Awards President's Award. On the other hand, Prince Harry is believed to still be having a difficult relationship with some of his closest relatives. Following persistent rumours of a rift between the Duke of Sussex and his brother Prince William, Harry said during an interview with Tom Bradby in September 2019 they would always be there for one another but acknowledged they were "on different paths". During Meghan and Harry's landmark interview with Oprah Winfrey early 2021, the Duke said again he and his brother were no longer on the same path. He told Ms Winfrey: "You know, as I’ve said before, I love William to bits. He’s my brother. "We’ve been through hell together. I mean, we have a shared experience. But we, you know, we are on different paths." The Duke also spoke with Ms Winfrey also about his relationship with the Prince of Wales, saying there is "a lot to work through there" but he would make his priority to "heal that relationship". The ice between father and son appears to have thawed in recent months, with a source claiming there has been a "series of good natured and enjoyable calls between them all". It was also claimed Prince Charles has invited the whole Sussex family to stay at one of his residences whenever they return to the UK. Meghan was last on British soil in March 2020, when she completed her last engagements as a senior royal. The Duke, on the other hand, travelled back to his homeland in April last year to attend the funeral of his grandfather. A few months later, in late June, Harry returned to Britain again to attend an event by his beloved charity WellChild and unveil the statue of Princess Diana at Kensington Palace he and his brother had commissioned in 2017. Over the past months, Harry and Meghan also stressed their relationship with the Queen remains very good. Harry mentioned during his appearance in February last year on James Corden's Late Late Show the monarch sent across the pond a waffle maker after learning his son Archie wanted one. Speaking to Ms Winfrey, Meghan and Harry also said they often call the sovereign and hold video calls to let her see how Archie is growing up.