The world's longest car has been fully restored and has broken its own Guinness World Record. It now measures a staggering 100 feet and 1.5 inches - the equivalent to the third of a football pitch in length. The ‘American Dream’ stretch limo now boasts 26 wheels, a putting green, swimming pool and helipad - and can fit roughly 75 people inside. The incredible machine was built in 1986 by car customiser Jay Ohrberg in California and was originally a paltry 60ft long. The car from stock was a 1976 Cadillac Eldorado that didn’t feature much more than a radio and some comfortable seats. Ohrberg later extended it to 100ft to clinch the Guinness world record and the car went on to feature in a number of films before ending up in a warehouse in New Jersey. READ MORE: Thousands of classic cars to become tax-exempt Over time the spectacular vehicle began to fall apart until Michael Manning, owner of the Autoseum technical teaching museum in New York, decided to take on the fearsome task of restoring it. He said: "I first found the car at an autobody show in New Jersey and it was garbage. “It was covered in graffiti, the windows were broken, the tires were flat, but I fell in love with it anyway. I said, 'I'm going to get this car and I'm going to bring it back and restore it'." DON'T MISSClassic cars should not be taxed the same as commuter cars [INSIGHT]Classic cars to receive ‘100 percent discount’ for car tax changes [COMMENT]Classic car owners could be ‘penalised a lot more’ in car tax changes [ANALYSIS] However, the huge costs involved in restoring a vehicle of its size slowed his progress. When the lease for the museum he listed the American Dream on eBay in 2019 where it was bought by Michael Dezer, owner of Dezerland Park Car Museum and Tourist Attractions in Orlando, Florida. Manning came with the car to Florida to help Dezer with the restoration and the pair began updating it with an array of new features. It now contains an array of TV screens, a large waterbed, a swimming pool, a diving board, a jacuzzi, a bathtub, a mini-golf course, and a helipad. Manning continued: "On the way down, the hood blew off the car on 95, never to be found again. “Thankfully we had three donor cars so we took one of the hoods. "We cut them [the donor cars] up, we replaced the whole cab of the car so we could drive it, the engine was replaced, all the tyres were replaced, the helipad was redone, the pool was redone." After two-and-a-half years the restored American Dream was complete, and will now be displayed at the Dezerland Park Car Museum.