Vladimir Putin "could face a big problem" if Russia loses in Ukraine according to CNN security Analyst Peter Bergen. Mr Bergen has argued that Putin is well aware of Russian history the sorry fate that met past rules who lost led Russia into a war and lost. Peter Bergen told CNN: "Putin understood that the Berlin Wall fell when the Soviets pulled out of Afghanistan. "He knows it is not an accident. "He was, a young KGB officer in East Germany at the time, it was a signal event in his life. "So he must be keenly aware that, you know, things can change in his favour if enough bodybags start going home. He continued: "Going further back in Russian history, you know, the Romanovs. "Basically they lost World War One, first of all, they abdicated and then were executed. "So, Putin is well aware of this Russian history that if you fail in wars, that it could be a big problem for you." Moscow says the goals for what Putin calls a "special military operation" include demilitarising and "denazifying" its neighbour. Ukraine and its Western allies call this a pretext for unprovoked invasion. The invasion has devastated several Ukrainian cities, caused a major humanitarian crisis, and displaced an estimated 10 million people, nearly a quarter of Ukraine's population. The United Nations has confirmed 1,119 civilian deaths and 1,790 injuries across Ukraine but says the real toll is likely to be higher. Ukraine said on Sunday 139 children had been killed and more than 205 wounded so far in the conflict. DON'T MISS:Ukraine poised to unleash deadly new weapon on Putin's troops [INSIGHT]Putin's Brexit mistake has Russia scrambling as UK leads fight [ANALYSIS]David Davis tells Johnson to 'trigger Article 16' in NI [VIDEO] Russian President Vladimir Putin does not appear ready to make compromises to end the war in Ukraine, a senior US official said on Monday as Ukraine and Russia were preparing for their first face-to-face peace talks in more than two weeks. "Everything I have seen is he is not willing to compromise at this point," the senior U.S. State Department official told Reuters on condition of anonymity after Ukraine's president sketched out a potential way to end the crisis over the weekend. "So, how far we go in trying to offer him off-ramps that undercut the sovereignty of Ukraine and the decisions that (Ukrainian) President (Volodymyr) Zelinskiy would have to make, I don't have a good insight for you," the U.S. official said. Ukrainian officials played down the chances of a major breakthrough at the talks, due to be held in Istanbul after Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan spoke to Putin on Sunday.