Under questioning from senior MPs yesterday, the Prime Minister insisted the Government was concentrating on support measures that would deliver "maximum economic benefit for the whole country". And he insisted the unchanged Universal Credit should continue to encourage people into work.  His remarks at a grilling by senior MPs followed a warning from the Bank of England that the UK faces the biggest hit to incomes caused by overseas events in history. At the hearing of the cross-party Liaison Committee, a string of politicians asked the PM why the Chancellor's Spring Statement had not raised Universal Credit or provided other direct support to the unemployed. Mr Johnson said: "I know how tough it is for people to meet the cost of energy and I think you're raising a very reasonable point. "And you have to decide where you're going to put your fiscal firepower given that we don't want to put up taxes and we don't want to borrow any more. "So what are you going to prioritise and who are you going to make sure you target in order to have the maximum economic benefit for the whole country? "What we think very strongly is you're better off helping people into work." He added: "The overall effect on the economy of having large numbers of people, an overwhelming majority of people, in jobs that are paid better, that is the way forward. "That's why we've got the Way to Work Scheme. There are 1.8 million people currently getting benefits and 1.25 million job vacancies. Go figure. "And we've got an economy which is massively short of hands. Well, we need to get those people off benefits and into work, and that is by far the best thing for them." Tory MP Mel Stride, chairman of the Commons Treasury Committee, urged the Prime Minister to consider an interim increase to benefits to help claimants through the cost-of-living squeeze.  He said the measure would not further burden the taxpayer if the extra amount already promised was simply timetabled differently. Mr Stride claimed an "interim uprating" of benefits could be carried out at "no cost to the Exchequer across the forecast period". Mr Johnson told him: "I think I'm going to have to go look at how you do it in a fiscally neutral way." He added: "I'm very happy to ask the Treasury to look at your suggestion." Earlier in the Commons, the PM and Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer clashed over Mr Sunak's mini-Budget. Sir Keir branded it "utterly cynical" for increasing the overall tax burden now but offering a "small" tax cut before the next election. Mr Johnson insisted changes to National Insurance thresholds and a cut to fuel duty added up to a tax cut for most workers. The row blew up after Bank of England Deputy Governor Ben Broadbent warned that the nation as facing the worst-yet external hit to national income from inflation. Citing runaway energy prices and the war in Ukraine, he said the scale of the impact is potentially unprecedented as the UK braces for inflation to hit a 40-year high of nearly nine percent.  In a speech in London, Mr Broadbent - who sits on the Bank's interest rate-setting committee - said: "As a big net importer of manufactures and commodities, it's doubtful that the UK has ever experienced an external hit to real national income on this scale. "From the narrow perspective of monetary policy, it will result in the near term in the difficult combination of even higher inflation but weaker domestic demand and output growth." It comes after the Office for Budget Responsibility last week said households will suffer the biggest fall in incomes since records began in 1956 with inflation predicted to peak at 8.7 percent in October. The Government's fiscal forecaster slashed its growth outlook for the economy, down to 3.8 percent in 2022 and 1.8 percent in 2023, due to the fallout from inflation. The Bank raised rates at its third meeting in a row earlier this month - to 0.75 percent - as it also predicted slowing growth when cash-strapped households and businesses start to rein in spending. 