Aston Martin will have to compete amongst the top teams in F1 in order to keep hold of Sebastian Vettel, according to their new team principal. Four-time world champion Vettel, 34, joined from Ferrari at the end of 2020, and duly recorded a 12th placed finish in the drivers' standings last year. It proved a mixed season for the German icon, who took five races to score his first points, but then did notch his team's first ever podium after coming second in the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. Another runner-up finish was then taken away from him in Hungary, after he was disqualified when his car failed to provide the one litre sample of fuel required. His final total of 43 points represented a modest one, but he did land a consolation prize after making 132 overtakes, meaning he edged out fellow veteran Fernando Alonso to win the inaugural Overtake Award. Vettel will again line-up alongside Lance Stroll, who finished just one place, and nine points, behind him in the 2021 table, after triggering the option of a one-year contract extension. JUST IN: F1 chief warns Netflix they could cancel Drive to Survive to negotiate with other partners But Mike Krack, who also worked with Vettel at the beginning of his F1 career at BMW Sauber, has admitted improvements are needed if he is to remain with the English-based team beyond that. "It's clear that a guy like Sebastian, a four-time world champion, he does not want to be 15th or 12th or eighth," Krack told reporters during his first media briefing since taking up his new position. "It is our task to deliver a performing car, or say, a performing structure because I think Sebastian is a clever guy. "He will not be focusing just on this year's car or whatever but focusing more on what is happening and if he sees the potential," he added. DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton calls Max Verstappen a 'bully' as unseen footage comes to lightToto Wolff in brutal Michael Masi snub and expresses sympathy for Max VerstappenNikita Mazepin British GP ban branded ‘discrimination’ as Russians left fuming  Vettel famously won four consecutive titles at Red Bull between 2010-2013, a haul only bettered by Lewis Hamilton and Michael Schumacher. However, he hasn't won a Grand Prix since prevailing at the 2019 Singapore Grand Prix when he was with the Scuderia. Aston Martin have reason for optimism though, with new technical regulations, designed to make racing more competitive, to be introduced into the sport this season. Furthermore, billionaire owner Lance Stroll has pledged huge future investment in the team, and is currently overseeing the construction of the team's new state-of-the-art headquarters, which will be erected on land across the road from the Silverstone Grand Prix circuit.  The project, which he says will cost between £150 and £200 million, has a target completion date of early 2023, and includes a new main building which will contain the design office. A second building will contain a new wind tunnel. Back in 2018, the Canadian led a consortium of investors in buying the then-named Force India Formula One team.