  Channel 4 presenter Laura Hamilton was seen enjoying a spot of golf yesterday alongside SAS Who Dares Wins star Jay Morton. Laura, who recently split from husband Alex Goward, appeared to be having a lot of fun on the green with her celeb pals.     Laura, 39, had daredevil Jay, 38, film her as they managed to get “three good shots” for the camera. The pair were on a team of celebrities taking part in a golfing competition in honour of new film, The Phantom of the Open. The movie, which stars Mark Rylance, follows the story of Maurice Flitcroft, who managed to gain entry to The British Open Golf Championship Qualifying in 1976. Laura and Jay were joined by other stars on the green, including former pro golfer Nick Doughtery, Big Brother's Kate Lawton and Sex Education actor Alastair Petrie.      Laura teed up some shots in view of her 153,000 Instagram followers yesterday. “Can I put it on a tee?” she asked, as Jay filmed her. "Don't think about it, just do it," the SAS star could be heard saying from behind the camera. The property expert captioned the Instagram story: “And at least @jay_morton managed to film three of my best shots... the rest were rubbish.”     In view of his 254,000 Instagram followers, Jay also shared a number of clips and snaps from the day on his story. “Dream Team,” he wrote across a picture of their golfing group, as they posed beside some golf buggies. The Phantom of the Open is an uplifting comedy-drama, which follows the man who shot the worst round in Open history, becoming a folk hero in the process. Joining Mark in the cast are famous actors Sally Hawkins and Rhys Ifans.      Laura’s day of golfing comes after news that her relationship had broken down. The star revealed last month that she and husband Alex were on “different paths” in their lives. Laura and insurance broker Alex married back in 2012, after getting together three years earlier. The couple share two children together: eight-year-old son Rocco and a daughter Tahlia, six.      In an interview with Hello! Magazine, Laura said of their split: "There have been times I have been so overwhelmed with sadness." “It was a chapter of my life that I am now closing, and I have so many happy memories. "I am very much someone who believes in focusing on the future, not having regrets, and I want to be positive for my children." Addressing the reason for the break-up, she told the publication: "It was a decision we both came to. We have an enormous amount of respect for each other, but we are now on different paths.”   