Liverpool booked their place in the quarter-finals of the FA Cup with a cagey 2-1 victory over relegation-battling Norwich at Anfield. On a night where there wasn't much to get excited about, the impressive Takumi Minamino was at the double for the Reds, who allowed the Canaries back into the game when Lukas Rupp fired home from distance in the second half. It wasn't pretty at times but Jurgen Klopp's men ensured they backed up Sunday's Carabao Cup penalty-shootout triumph over Chelsea at Wembley by putting their name in the hat. Express Sport brings you all the important talking points from a Liverpool perspective after the victory... Takumi Minamino scores goals Credit must go to Minamino this season because although he won't grab the headlines, he's made some really respectable contributions for the Reds - particularly in the Carabao Cup and FA Cup. Tonight's two first-half strikes against Norwich were his eighth and ninth of the season in all competitions, meaning he has already beaten his tally of six from 2020/21. Minamino has shown an exemplary attitude during his time on the fringes of Klopp's team and now he is reaping the rewards of that. He may want to play regularly in the Premier League but Klopp needs no second invitation to call upon him in the domestic cups or when he looks to rotate. The Japanese international finished brilliantly to give the Reds the lead before bettering his first strike with his second of the night. His long-term future may lie away from Liverpool but his contributions are helping Liverpool mount a challenge on all fronts. Joe Gomez's days could be numbered There was a brief moment just before half-time that highlighted Joe Gomez's recent demise at Anfield. The defender looked up and played the ball straight to Norwich winger Milot Rashica, who fired just wide of Alisson's post. Although it has not been all his own doing, his serious knee injury sustained in November 2020 has knocked him way down the pecking order. Now he is fourth in command and on a rare night to impress, Gomez struggled to make a statement. When you combine that with the consistency of Virgil van Dijk and Joel Matip, plus the impressive emergence of Ibrahima Konate, it's hard to see where he fits in. Gomez was once considered to be one of the best young centre-backs in world football but you wouldn't be surprised to see him playing for Aston Villa, Newcastle or Leicester next season. He did not cover himself in glory for the Norwich goal either. He backed off from Lukas Rupp and appeared to move to the side as the German let fly, beating Alisson from range. ITV co-commentator Lee Dixon was critical of his failure to close the ball down. Konate looks a steal It's been a patient start for Konate at Anfield following his summer transfer from RB Leipzig but he's now starting to show his class. He often looks slightly unorthodox when coming out from the back but when you break down his performances, he doesn't do much wrong. It's only the immense reliability of Matip that has prevented him from permanently partnering Van Dijk at the heart of defence. Konate has turned in some outstanding performances this season against the likes of Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Cristiano Ronaldo and tonight he showed his calmness and commitment to defending once again. The Frenchman looks a real steal for Liverpool at just £36million and he could be hugely important for the Reds in years to come. Time running out for Oxlade-Chamberlain Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain does not look like a Liverpool player anymore. That is the brutal truth. Although he has three goals in his last five starts before tonight, he goes missing for large parts of matches and looks starved of confidence. It's a concerning pattern that has seemingly been the case for the best part of 18 months. Crazily, you could even question whether he enjoys playing anymore. With Harvey Elliott now coming through, his chances appear to be running out. Furthermore, Chamberlain has just 18 months left on his Anfield contract and Liverpool seem unlikely to offer him a new deal. They could now look to sell him this summer. Going to play regularly elsewhere in the Premier League could help him find his enjoyment for the game again. Squad depth is key for Klopp Klopp will make no secret of the fact he has not prioritised the FA Cup since he arrived on Merseyside, hence Liverpool's failure to appear at Wembley in the competition since he was appointed. But the club's improved squad depth is now imperative to Liverpool's chances of winning more silverware. This was effectively a second-string XI at Anfield but the likes of Kostas Tsimikas and Minamino are helping the Reds get the job done. In the past, Liverpool's squad depth has not been good enough and that has proved to be their downfall. Now they look capable of going the distance in all four competitions and that very prospect cannot be ruled out now we are in March. A quadruple is already unlikely but Liverpool are giving themselves the best chance of a shot at glory.