Yep, there’s a war raging at the heart of Europe, our Prime Minister is flying all over the world trying to find ways to stop Russia’s madman dictator and the bloke in charge of our Intelligence Service is talking about LGBT rights. This was his tweet: “With tragedy and destruction unfolding in Ukraine we should remember the values and hard won freedoms that distinguish us from Putin, none more than LGBT rights.” Yes, let’s remember those rights but let’s first wipe up the blood of Ukraine’s dead and dying, let’s try to get those desperate people to safety, let’s get weapons to them to help fight Putin and let’s try to stop this senseless, illegal war – and then maybe, just maybe, we can talk about LGBT rights. But not right now! Moore appears to me to just insanely insensitive. Does he value LGBT rights above the lives and the safety of the Ukrainian people? Because that’s what he should be thinking and talking about right now. And if he’s not – he’s in the wrong bloody job. Is it any wonder Putin’s tanks rolled into Ukraine and took the West by surprise when one of the world’s (supposedly) greatest intelligence services is obsessing about LGBT issues instead of the immediate problem which is Putin’s monstrous illegal war and what his next move might be. Is it any wonder Russia has been building up a vast army while we’ve been building safe spaces and gender neutral toilets. Just last week the head of National Security Council, Stephen Lovegrove, told spies that they must be conscious of their white privilege and try not to use the words “grip” and “manpower” because they reinforce “dominant cultural patterns”. I mean this would be funny if it wasn’t so damn dangerous. Both these men are behaving like characters in a TV comedy sketch. Only this isn’t funny. Maybe if Moore and Lovegrove had been concentrating less on inclusion and diversity they might have been more on top of the Russian invasion. We don’t need spy bosses who tick diversity boxes we need tough, strong, straight thinking men and women who know precisely what to do in a war situation. Putin must have looked at that tweet from our MI6 chief and laughed his socks off. On social media this week people were actually asking if it was a serious tweet. Gays and lesbians alike slated Moore and said he didn’t speak for them. “Not in my name” said one. Another said: “As a gay man I’m not sure gazing up at rainbows should be the focus for an MI6 chief.” And he’s right. Much of the LGBT population were as embarrassed by Moore as the rest of us. We all know and are proud of the fact that LGBT rights thrive in democracies but now as the tanks roll through Ukraine’s streets, as people are cowering in bunkers, as weeping children are being ripped out of the arms of their parents and sent away to places of safety, now really isn’t the time to be focusing on them. But this kind of idiocy is what happens in societies that have been enfeebled by woke dogma. Wokeism has ripped through this country like a disease. Countless institutions are run by men and women who believe – and tell others – that they should be ashamed of their colour, their country, our history, our heritage. They tell us every person of colour should feel like a victim and all minorities should feel like victims. Writer and broadcaster Trevor Phillips calls wokeism “an all pervasive oppression”. And it’s an oppression that has our MI6 boss in its grip together with the head of the National Security Council. I think that could make both entirely ineffective! This pair need to remember what they’re paid for and the responsibility they hold in their hands. They’re not in their positions to tick diversity and inclusion boxes. And if they don’t actually understand what they should be doing right now as a bloody war rages in Europe they should be moved somewhere they can’t do any more damage!