Volvo will begin a three year trial of its XC40 SUVs being used as taxis, wirelessly charged at stations around the city of Gothenburg. The trial is part of a “Gothenburg City Green Zone” which allows cleaner technology to be tested in designated areas. The charging involves huge battery pads implanted under the tarmac of city streets, with cars then parking over them. It is similar to wireless phone charging, only on a much larger scale and without physical contact required. Mats Moberg, head of research and development at Volvo Cars, said: “Gothenburg Green City Zone lets us try exciting new technologies in a real environment and evaluate them over time for a potential future broader introduction. “Testing new charging technologies together with selected partners is a good way to evaluate alternative charging options for our future cars.” READ MORE: London’s ULEZ scheme to cover all of the capital from next year When a compatible car parks over the charging pad, battery charging starts automatically and there’s no need for the driver to leave the vehicle. The station sends energy upwards which is then received by a unit on the underside of the car. Many Volvo cars have a 360 degree camera system which will be used to help align the cars with the pads. Charging speeds on the XC40 Recharge model will be around four times faster than current plug in chargers. DON'T MISSNew diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ [SHOCKING]Massive law changes to equip homes with EV chargers is 'frustrating' [WARNING]Andy Burnham calls for car tax U-turn after Clean Air Zone backlash [INSIGHT] The Volvo taxis will be used for around 12 hours a day in the trial and will cover around 100,000km (70,000 miles). Meanwhile the charging stations under the street will be provided by a company called Motion Dynamics. Gothenburg is aiming to have fully emission-free traffic by 2030. Volvo said: “Using a real city as a testing ground will enable the company to accelerate development of technologies and services in the areas of electrification, shared mobility, autonomous driving, connectivity and safety.” A similar trial has been underway in the UK since October last year. EV specialist firm Char.gy has been running a fleet of Renault Zoes in Nottingham that also uses charging pads. The hope is that it will help EV owners in the future who don’t have access to off-street parking and home chargers. The pads have been developed by the University of Warwick and wireless power specialist IPT Technology. People in Nottingham can rent one of the ten cars available for £1 an hour or £5 per day. The cars can also be charged conventionally using plug-in chargers. The company said: “This new charging solution will mean that in the near future, those without access to private charging via garages, driveways or other off-street parking options will be able to charge their vehicles efficiently and cable-free.”