Tottenham are apparently lining up a move for Manchester United flop Memphis Depay. The 28-year-old left Lyon to join Barcelona last summer but has struggled for gametime in recent months after suffering with hamstring and Achilles problems. Netherlands international Depay had carved out a reputation as one of the finest young players in Europe during a fecund spell with PSV Eindhoven in the early part of his career. The forward struck 50 goals in 124 games for the Dutch side after progressing through the club’s academy. Depay’s performances for PSV were enough to persuade Red Devils chiefs to shell out £31million for the player in 2015 as they handed him a four-year contract. But he looked well off the pace in the Premier League and could only muster seven goals in 53 appearances. And just 18 months after arriving in the north west, he was sold to Lyon. Depay performed much better across the channel and racked-up an impressive 76 goals and 55 assists in 178 appearances for the French club. MUST READ: Liverpool delay transfer decision until 2023 with double exit expected  So Barcelona decided to snap him up last summer after his contract in France expired. Depay was Barca’s main frontman at the start of the season as he led the line in a succession of matches. And he found the back of the net eight times in his first 14 La Liga encounters. The ace also started all of the Catalan giants’ Champions League matches as they were knocked out in the group stages before Christmas. But Depay’s injury problems have kept him on the sidelines for 12 games this season. And he now finds himself competing with new signings Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Ferran Torres and Adama Traore for a place in the team. DON'T MISS Four managers Chelsea could turn to if Tuchel leaves after Abramovich crisis Arsenal can't afford to make Dusan Vlahovic mistake with Mikel Arteta targetLiverpool's XI next season if Mohamed Salah leaves and Reds sign £67m replacement    So the Dutchman may be willing to cut his time at the Nou Camp short and return to the Premier League. According to Newskill Espana, Tottenham are interested in signing the player. And they could be even more desperate to cajole him to north London if Kane leaves the club this summer. Kane looked set to depart Spurs last year after Manchester City came in for the England striker during the summer transfer window. But Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy rebuffed the Citizens’ approaches and forced the 28-year-old to stay put. City could launch another bid for the star at the end of the season if they miss out on Borussia Dortmund’s Erling Haaland. And Manchester United are also reportedly keen to prise Kane away from Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. So Spurs could certainly do with a back-up option - and Depay appears to fit the bill. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here