Marta Kostyuk has voiced her disappointment at the lack of support from Russian players on tour. The Ukrainian world No 54 came through a three-hour battle to defeat Maryna Zanevska 6-7(5) 7-6(6) 7-5 and shared an emotional moment with the Ukrainian-born Belgian at the net. Speaking after the match, Kostyuk admitted she was unhappy with the decision to allow Russian players to continue competing. Tennis is one of the few sports still allowing Russian and Belarusian players to compete but as neutrals. The ATP, WTA, ITF and four Grand Slams announced the joint decision to remove all reference to Russian and Belarusian athletes’ countries and flags last week. They also cancelled the joint ATP/WTA Moscow tournament in October and banned both teams from the Davis Cup and Billie Jean King Cup, where Russia is the defending champion of both. Russian players including ATP world No 1 Daniil Medvedev, Andrey Rublev and Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova have all spoken out asking for peace and "no war". JUST IN: Raducanu details warnings as Brit bids to defy odds at Indian Wells  But Ukraine’s No 3 player believes her Russian colleagues have behaved “unacceptably” and have failed to apologise on behalf of their country. Speaking through tears at times in her post-match press conference, the 19-year-old said: “What is very disappointing is that no Russian player came to see me. “None have told me they're sorry for what their country is doing to mine. One player messaged me, another chatted with me, but I didn't hear any apologies, I didn't hear anyone telling me they didn't support what was going on.” Kostyuk voiced her frustration at the presence of Russian players on tour and admitted some of the statements from those on tour had felt like they were made to maintain a good reputation. DON’T MISSNick Kyrgios blasts tennis world for making him 'something he wasn't'Djokovic picks next tournament after visa exception refusedNadal explains 'difficult' view as Zverev avoids ban for umpire tirade   “To me, that's shocking. You don't have to be involved in politics to behave like a human being. Everyone knows what's going on. It hurts me,” she continued. “It hurts me every time I arrive at the stadium and see all these Russian players. Their only problem right now is not being able to make money transfers. That's what they're talking about! This is unacceptable in my opinion. Why do Russian players behave like this? I have no explanation, I have no idea.” The Kyiv-born teenager also made it clear she disagreed with Russian players still competing as neutrals as she said: “No. I do not agree with the decisions that have been made. I will be concise: look at other sports. Look what they decided. That's all.” And Kostyuk explained why she found the calls for “no war” to be ignorant, hitting back at some of her Russian colleagues for making the plea in previous statements. “I do not like it. Again, you don't need to be involved in politics to know what's going on, who's invaded who, who's bombing who... It's very simple. “You can't be neutral in this situation. For me, "No war" can mean several things,” she said. “For example, we (Ukraine) could end the war by giving up. But that was never an option. From day one, I knew it wouldn't happen because I had lived through the revolution and I knew that people wouldn't want to go the other way, which was to Russia.” Condemning the statements that had been released by other players and tennis bodies, she continued: “To me, these releases don't make sense. They are empty! What do you want? Do you want Ukraine to lose? That Russia wins? That Russia loses? I will say it a hundred times: Ukraine will never give up. We can lose, although I don't think so, but Ukraine will never give up. “So today say "No war", for me it means wanting Ukraine to give up. Because Putin will never stop, everyone knows how crazy he is. So we fight. And these press releases, they hurt me because they are meaningless.” Kostyuk will next face 20th seed Elise Mertens in Indian Wells.