Today is Mothering Sunday, commonly known as Mother’s Day. It’s a chance to honour motherhood, maternal bonds and the influence of mothers in society. Typically, appreciation is shown through thoughtful cards, flowers and generous gifts. The royals have been known to mark Mother's Day with touching tributes on social media.Last year, the Duchess of Cambridge took to Instagram to celebrate her mother Carole. In a throwback photo of the pair, Kate is clasping onto her mother’s hand who appears to be pregnant with Kate’s younger sister, Pippa Matthews.Carole has played an important role in supporting both Kate and William in their roles as full-time working royals, and has previously been described as the "power behind the throne". However, at one point, Carole had some concerns about her daughter's royal future.Kate and William first met in 2001, while they were both studying at the University of St Andrews.By 2005, the pair had split up twice and with no proposal on the cards, Carole was "concerned".Speaking in 2009, royal expert Katie Nicholl revealed that Mrs Middleton was starting to get “worried about Kate’s future”. A source close to the Middleton family told Ms Nicholl: “Carole is concerned that Kate’s life has come to a bit of a standstill.“She says Kate can’t get on and do normal things because of the public interest in her.“She’s of the opinion privately that William should make an honest woman out of her so that she isn’t left waiting in limbo.”The Duchess had a number of jobs after university, including working at her parents’ company and as an accessories buyer at Jigsaw, which she worked part-time so she could carry out her royal girlfriend duties. DON'T MISSPrince Harry and Meghan Markle mocked after Oscars claim [INSIGHT]Queen releases new £14.99 botanical kitchen product [REVEAL]Prince Charles 'absolutely desperate' to see Archie and Lilibet [REPORT] Kate was famously nicknamed ‘Waity Katie’ — a moniker given to the Duchess in reference to how long she waited for William to get down on one knee.However, in 2010, both the cruel nickname and Carole’s fears were put to rest when the Duke proposed with Princess Diana’s engagement ring during a trip to Kenya.Kate and William got married in April 2011 at a spectacular wedding at Westminster Abbey.They now have three children together — Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince Louis, three. The couple have been dedicated to their royal duties and have taken on more responsibilities in recent years.The Duke and Duchess are currently on tour in the Caribbean to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee.They travelled without their children who are likely being looked after by their nanny, Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo.However, Ms Borrallo may not be the only person helping to look after George, Charlotte and Louis during this time, as their grandmother Carole is known to be very hands-on. In a previous interview with Good Housekeeping, Carole described how she likes to spend time with her grandchildren in the great outdoors.Carole said: "I want to run down the hills, climb the trees and go through the tunnel at the playground."As long as I am able to, that's what I'll be doing. I cook with them, I muck around dancing, we go on bike rides."Kate and William will return from their Caribbean trip on Saturday, just in time to spend Mother’s Day with their children.