With the weather warming up, and spring just around the corner, now is the perfect time to get cleaning and tackle the jobs that you have been putting off. Cleaning and interior experts at Stelrad have shared their top cleaning hacks for some of the most tricky parts of the home. From ceilings to computer keyboards, mattresses and dishwasher filters, here are some handy hacks to clean even the most difficult parts of the home. Ceilings tend to be ignored by homeowners due to the fact they’re out of reach. However, they can be home to dust and cobwebs. The interior experts suggested using a long-handled duster, dry sponge mop or broom to whisk down the dirt and remove cobwebs. Stelrad’s “top tip” is to “always” do this task first when cleaning a room. READ MORE: How to remove brown stains from a toilet - 4 ways to shift limescale Homeowners can then vacuum up the fallen dust instead of ruining a clean floor. Crumbs and dust between letters on a keyboard can look unsightly. However, there is risk of potentially damaging a keyboard with cleaning products and liquids. Instead, the experts suggested using a sticky note hack. They said: “Start by turning your keyboard upside down and gently tapping it to release any loose crumbs.  DON'T MISSLawn: 'Simple' trick to fix brown patches in your grass [INSIGHT]Garden weeds: ‘Effective’ 29p trick to ‘banish’ weeds from your garden [UPDATE]How to clean your earrings - the 7 steps to cleaning earrings [ANALYSIS] “Next, use the sticky edge of a sticky note in between the keys to pick up any stubborn crumbs, carefully running it through all of the cracks to leave your keyboard looking brand new.” Mattresses and bedding can easily be overlooked when it comes to cleaning. To “extend” the lifespan of a mattress, the experts suggested using the upholstery attachment on a vacuum to remove dirt and dust from the folds. A toothbrush is reportedly the “best tool” for cleaning dishwasher filters and screens. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The Stelrad experts added: “Use soap and water on the bristly end of your brush and use it to scrub off any build-up on the removable filters and screens, rinsing with clean water once finished.” The cleaning experts suggested using “basic cleaning supplies” to avoid water marks and damaging delicate materials. The first thing to do is vacuum up any loose dust and dirt. Next, make a solution of warm water with washing up liquid. With the solution, use a small brush to scrub away dirt, grime, and mould.  To get rid of any soap scum, Stelrad suggested using a “small amount of vinegar”. Rinse the surface with water to remove any leftover residue. No one really thinks to clean behind the toilet but it can get dirty over time. With gloved hands, use a sponge with a solution of warm water and bathroom disinfectant to reach into the tricky spaces and get the job done effectively.