Antiques Roadshow host Fiona Bruce was in Woodhorn Museum in Northumberland during a classic episode of the BBC series. As the area became packed with guests who were all eager to get their items valuated by the knowledgeable experts. One guest was left blown away by the valuation ceramics and glass expert Alexandra Aguilar after she revealed the valuation she could get from her mother's Buddha statues. After finding the guest and taking a look at the items she had bought along, Alexandra was shocked to see the items placed on the table. She said: "When I learned that the Antiques Roadshow was coming to Woodhorn museum, I wasn't expecting to see something like this turning up. "So please tell me, where did you get this from?" The guest explained: "I inherited it from my mother, she got them from her husband, and I think they were given to him by some diplomat, I think it is from Tibet?" READ MORE: Matt Lucas and David Walliams blasted for ‘outdated’ Comic Relief skit Taking a closer look at the two statues, Alexandra said: "Well, they are very appropriate as gifts, they represent important figures in Buddhism. "This one here is probably Avalokitesvara, who is a bodhisattva, a holy figure in Buddhism," she explained, pointing to the bigger one. "And here we probably have Tara, both Avalokitesvara and Tara have 108 different variations, and this one is probably Green Tara. "We know that it's Green Tara because of her posture, she has her right leg extended and resting on a lotus flower. "Green Tara, she is probably the most important of all Taras, she is sometimes referred to as the mother of all Buddhas. "Green Tara and Avalokitesvara are figures of representing compassion," she revealed. Picking up the figures and examining the condition of the Buddha, she explained: "Now these figures are often hollow, and they will hold prayer which are written on paper scrolls. "It's great to see that these ones haven't been tampered with because it would really be desecrating them if anyone were to open them. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest shuts down expert over Roman knife handle [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell father’s Rolex watch [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest taken aback by value of vase used as a bin  [WATCH] "I think they are really lovely examples of early Sino-Tibetan bronzes, this one is slightly earlier 16th, 17th century, and this one is probably a bit later, 17th, 18th century." After discussing with the guest about the history, Alexandra confirmed that the statues would be a success if they were to go up at auction. "The little one, because of the condition issues, it is probably worth between £1,500 and £2,500. "The larger one, it's in better condition, and it's really lovely, so if it were to come up at auction, it would probably carry and estimate at £3,000 to £5,000!" Stunned and amazed at the amount Alexandra had given her, the guest exclaimed: "That's a lot, I didn't expect that! "Thank you very much!" Despite being given a stunning valuation of the Buddha statues, the guest decided against putting them up for auction. Antiques Roadshow is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.