Chancellor Rishi Sunak will make his Spring Statement on Wednesday, March 23. When unveiling his “mini-budget”, Mr Sunak will set out any tax changes and financial support packages, while updating the nation on the state of the economy. The chancellor is likely set to slash the duty on fuel for the first time in over a decade when he makes his spring statement. Mr Sunak has hinted he may cut fuel duty by up to 5p per litre after prices of fuel soared following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The move has also been backed by Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer. There have also been calls across the country to announce new measures to help with the rising cost of goods and soaring energy bills. However, it’s not all good news for drivers on British roads as reportedly government ministers are looking at ways to bring in new ways to tax drivers. Also, toll roads are more commonplace in many European countries, the option for more UK road tolls is now to be taken "very seriously" a government source told The Times. They said: “It’s definitely being taken very seriously in Downing Street. The policy unit is giving it a thorough look and the problems with fuel duty now make it more urgent.” Currently, in the UK, the biggest toll road includes the M6 near Birmingham where it costs £7.10 for cars during the week, as well as £12.90 for HGVs, to use the road. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak savaged over leaked plans to cut fuel duty Motorists also must pay a Dartford Crossing charge by midnight the day after crossing and also payment is required for certain bridges and tunnels on A roads and minor roads. In addition, there are also two UK road pricing schemes, the London congestion charge and the Durham congestion charge. The speculated plans come amid the growth of the electric car industry meaning that less money will be made from the fuel tax. The Government is said to be looking at options with petrol and diesel cars being phased out and it is estimated that without them in 2030 then the Treasury would be losing £35 billion. DON'T MISS Andrew Neil shames EU over ties to Putin [REVEAL] Sunak tipped to slash fuel duty and raise national insurance [INSIGHT] Cost of running a car at record high [REPORT] Another option recommended by the cross-party Commons transport committee is for monitoring technology that would charge drivers a fee for the distance they have gone. However, concerns have been raised that if such a measure is introduced in towns and cities, there will be backlash from members of the public. As the cost of living increases, more than 50 Conservative MPs have called for a cut in the tax to reduce the price of petrol and diesel. In response, Mr Sunak warned he cannot "fully protect" Brits from the rising costs, but he's expected to implement measures including reducing the duty prices on fuel to help. UK motorists are currently facing charges of 57.95p a litre on fuel - one of the highest levels of tax in the world. More than 50 percent of the cost of petrol in the UK is made up of fuel duty and VAT.