Ukrainian forces have reportedly advanced to the west and north of Kyiv pushing back invading Russian forces. According to reports Ukraine's armed forces have begun to target the supplies lines to one of the Russian fronts advancing on the capital. Mr Bolt told Sky News Australia: "Vladimir Putin's Russian army could soon suffer the most humiliating defeat in the Northern Front in Ukraine. "This news is not confirmed Ukrainian army is keeping quiet understandably and they may fail. "But there are now signs so the Ukrainians are close to cutting off part of putting this army that's trying to encircle the capital Kiev to starve to death. "And the Ukrainians have actually counter-attack to the rear, to the west of this advance, almost cutting it off and reportedly having now clear sight of the supply lines which means they can blow up Russian tracks bringing in food and ammunition.  "Again, this is not confirmed. It's chatter from journalists, etcetera. "But the British do say the Minister of Defence says there has been a counter attack. "And a Pentagon spokesman says yes, many solid Russian soldiers are now suffering from hunger and frostbite. "In fact, Ukrainian intelligence yesterday released the audio of an officer, Russian officer from another front saying half his soldiers half were now frostbitten, and this is finally looked like Napoleon's disastrous invasion of Russia."  It comes  Boris Johnson urged Western allies to help "keep the flame of freedom alive" in Ukraine. Britain is to send thousands more missiles to the government in Kyiv as Mr Johnson travels to Brussels on Thursday for talks with fellow Nato and G7 leaders on the situation a month on from the Russian invasion. He will use the visit to set out details of a new support package for the Ukrainian military, including 6,000 more missiles comprising anti-tank and high-explosive weaponry. In addition, the UK is providing £25 million from the Foreign Office's conflict security and stabilisation fund to help pay the salaries of Ukrainian soldiers and pilots battling the Russians. DON’T MISS: Prince Harry suffers 'embarrassment and distress' after 'feeding frenzy of hostility Khan 'blindsided' by Putin: Pakistan left in cold after botched bid to 'outflank' India "Putin is already failing in Ukraine. The Ukrainian people have shown themselves to be extraordinarily brave and tenacious in defending their homeland, in the face of an unprovoked onslaught," said Mr Johnson. "But we cannot and will not stand by while Russia grinds Ukraine's towns and cities into dust. The United Kingdom will work with our allies to step up military and economic support to Ukraine, strengthening their defences as they turn the tide in this fight. "One month into this crisis, the international community faces a choice. We can keep the flame of freedom alive in Ukraine, or risk it being snuffed out across Europe and the world." Britain has already sent more than 4,000 anti-tank weapons to Ukraine, including next-generation light anti-tank weapons systems and Javelin missiles.