The Moon, Mercury and Neptune are the stars of the show today. In general, we’re going to be more motivated, assertive and desperate to heal and follow our dreams today. It’s certainly a positive horoscope, so make the most of the day. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for March 4. Mercury is semi-sextile to Neptune today, and that’s great news for all things artsy and dreamy. Astrology King said: “Mercury semi-sextile Neptune is good for relaxation, creativity, communication, and spiritual pursuits. “You may receive spiritual information through dreams, meditation, or your spirit guides. “Relationships will benefit from your more compassionate and spiritual nature.” READ MORE- Horoscope: Horoscopes for March 2022 - what is in store for you? The Moon is in direct and active Aries from around 1am and this will encourage assertiveness. Cafe Astrology said: “With the Moon in Aries, motivated by a strong desire to start fresh. “A gut instinct to start something new is with us now, as well as the gumption to do so. “Our pioneering impulses are strong, and we feel energetic, spontaneous, and enthusiastic. “We may also be tactless and impulsive now. Excess energy is best channelled into physical activity.” The Moon in Aries generally favours the following activities: DON'T MISS...Horoscopes & love: Most ‘passionate’ sign urged to ‘hang back’ [INFORMER]Houseplants: The best houseplant for you based on your star sign [INSIGHT]Astrology predictions for 2022: What the Jupiter-Neptune conjunction... [EXPLAINER] The Moon isn’t riding solo today; it is conjunct Chiron, the wounded healer. On top of that, both Mars and Venus are in a creative aspect to Chiron. Cafe Astrology said: “It’s natural for us to gravitate toward satisfying, healing activities right now. “We’re asserting our needs more naturally than usual, and fortunately, we’re receptive to others’ needs. “While the Moon in Aries encourages independence and trailblazing, it makes us feel good to help and support others.”