The first season of the brand new Power spin-off, Book IV: Force, is still going full throttle over on Starz. While Gloria (played by Gabrielle Ryan) finds herself even more tangled in a deadly romantic web, the actress recently spoke to Express.co.uk and revealed her role in the series was initially even more complicated. Gloria star Gabrielle confirmed a huge part of her character’s backstory has been taken out of the series. Led by Power regular Tommy Egan (Joseph Sikora), the spin-off tracks his new life in Chicago and his rivalry with the notorious Flynn family. Meanwhile, Gloria is trying to set up her own restaurant while she juggles a casual relationship with Tommy and her complicated feelings for Vic Flynn (Shane Harper). When descriptions of the new Power characters were first released, Gloria was established as a former Marine building her new life in Chicago. READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot? Throughout the first season, she’s demonstrated as being more than capable of taking care of herself when things get rowdy in her bar. However, viewers shouldn’t expect to see any flashbacks from her days in the armed forces just yet. When asked about her backstory, a Starz representative confirmed Gloria’s history as a Marine had actually been cut from Force season one. “I think that got taken out,” Gabrielle then told the Express. “But I did definitely work out and train like I was in the military. So that did work out with the rest of the story.” Gloria’s backstory may well remain a mystery, though the showrunners might decide to take the character in a different direction later down the line. Although Force has yet to be renewed for a second season, the show’s continuation is all but inevitable after it has already proven to be another hit for Starz. Unfortunately, Gabrielle was keeping her cards close to her chest when it came to Gloria’s role in future instalments. DON'T MISS:Y1883’s Noemi star on ‘brutal scene’ she can’t watch [INTERVIEW]NCIS: Gibbs’ replacement suspended as Parker’s past exposed? [THEORY]Blue Bloods: Tom Selleck explains why Frank still wears a wedding ring [INSIGHT] She laughed: “You know I’m not allowed to talk about season two!” Fans could either start to see flashbacks to Gloria’s past missions, or snippets of her military training here and there if the series continues. For now though, her Marine background seems to have been dropped entirely. Recently, the show’s producer 50 Cent unleashed a furious tirade against the Starz network on his Instagram page after they failed to confirm any update on Force season two. In his post he added a gif of someone packing a suitcase and wrote: “This is me packing my stuff, STARZ. Sucks, my deal is up over here I'm out. "They renewed Hightown and FORCE is the highest-rated show [but] they have it sitting in limbo. If I told you how much dumb s**t I deal with over here.” Force is continuing to pull in strong numbers and both Ghost and Raising Kanan were given second season orders, so hopefully Starz comes back with an update soon. If Force does indeed return for a second outing next year, fans could expect to see Gloria’s mysterious past before moving to Chicago explored further. Power Book IV: Force continues Sunday on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.