Those who live in an area which experiences sub-zero temperatures over a seven day period are entitled to a Cold Weather Payment of £25. Some households have been able to get three £25 Cold Weather Payments, totalling £75, this winter due to dealing with freezing temperatures over three consecutive seven day periods. With energy bills set to rise by £693 a year as of this coming Friday (April 1), many families are looking to see whether they can access crucial benefits support. The Cold Weather Payment is only available to households between the months of October and March, with the cut-off for this winter's scheme falling tomorrow, on March 31. Families are eligible for this means of support if they claim certain qualifying benefits, such as Pension Credit. Some Universal Credit claimants are also eligible. From November 1, 2020 to January 7, 2022, the DWP has made Cold Weather Payments to over 3,994,000 eligible people. Benefit claimants who lived in Braemar, Scotland which experienced very cold weather, were able to get three payments of £25 each to pay for their energy bills. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Over the qualifying period for the Cold Weather Payment in 2021/22, the following places across the country have been able to secure some money in support: With energy bills set to soar to record levels, various organisations are calling for the UK Government to do more for households which are set to struggle the most in the coming months. Specifically, Age UK is calling for payments of up to £500 to be awarded to those who are eligible for Cold Weather Payments. Caroline Abrahams, Age UK’s charity director, explained: “Many older people are well practised at making a small pension go a long way, but that won’t be enough to protect them from the impact of rising household bills and soaring energy costs this time round. “We are already hearing utterly heart-breaking stories from older people who are desperately worried about price increases and are rationing essential heating and even food as a result. “This isn’t a crisis that’s arriving in the spring, it’s one that’s here already for many older people because their fear of unaffordable bills is driving them to not even try to stay adequately warm this winter. “The Government must intervene swiftly and decisively to protect older people from their own stoicism and self-sacrifice. “Every day that the Government sits on its hands, it increases the risks to older people’s health from living in a cold home.” Earlier this year, the Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced a series of rebate tax schemes to assist people who will need help with their energy bills and other cost of living expenses. This includes a £200 discount on energy bills this autumn for domestic electricity customers in the UK, which will be repaid in £40 instalments over five years, and a £150 non-repayable rebate worth £150 for households in council tax bands A to D. A Government spokesperson said: “We recognise the pressures people are facing with the cost of living, which is why we’re providing support worth £21billion this financial year and next to help. “This includes putting an average of £1,000 more per year into the pockets of working families via changes to Universal Credit, freezing fuel duties to keep costs down and helping households with their energy bills through our £9.1billion Energy Bills Rebate. “We want pensioners to receive all the support to which they are entitled. Our Winter Fuel Payments are supporting over 11 million pensioners with their energy bills and we are continuing to encourage those eligible for Pension Credit, and the wide range of other benefits it can provide, to make a claim.”