The Ukrainian reporter was overcome with emotion as she questioned Boris Johnson on his strategy to help Ukraine. Ms Kaleniuk from the Anti-Corruption Centre said several of her colleagues remained in Ukraine and were now growing afraid Russian troops would "shoot them." She called on the UK and its NATO allies to impose a no-fly zone over her country to prevent Russia's air force from conducting further strikes.  Kyiv has been heavily targeted by bombing since the invasion began on Thursday last week. Ms Kaleniuk said: "Most of my family, most of my team members are still in Ukraine, in Kyiv, in Lviv. "A woman from my team is now Berezivka and she's there with two kids. "The Russian military is over there and she's so much afraid that she will be shot. Kharkiv, the city were I was studying, was bombed today. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG "You're talking about the stoicism of the Ukrainian people but Ukrainian women and children are in deep fear because of bombs and missiles coming from the sky." She continued: "The Ukrainian people are desperately asking for the West to protect our Sky. "We're asking for a no-fly zone, we're told it will trigger World War 3. But is the alternative, Mr Prime Minister? "Observe our children protecting NATO from missiles and bombs instead of playing? What's the alternative to the no-fly zone? READ MORE: 'Money is worthless, everyone is panicking' Nightmare grips Russia as Putin war backfires   "We have planes here, we have a defence system in Poland, in Romania, NATO has this air defence – at least this defence could shield west Ukraine so that this children and women could come to the border. "It's impossible now to cross the border, there's 30km of lines. Imagine crossing a border with a baby or with two children." Ms Kaleniuk added: "Britain guaranteed our security under the Budapest memorandum, so you're coming to Poland, not to Kyiv. "You're not coming to Lviv because you're afraid, because NATO is not willing to defend. Because NATO is afraid of World War 3 but it's already started. "And these are Ukrainian children there taking the hit." DON'T MISSWhat to do in a nuclear attack - four key steps to take to stay safe [ANALYSIS]Chilling meaning of new symbols appearing all over Ukraine [INSIGHT]Alexander Povetkin appears to defend Russian invasion of Ukraine [SPOTLIGHT] The Prime Minister said he was "glad" Ms Kaleniuk had made it to Poland and he was "acutely conscious" that the UK Government could not help in the way she wanted. He said: "I've got to be honest about that. "When you talk about the no-fly zone, as I've said to (Ukrainian President) Volodymyr Zelensky, I think a couple of times, unfortunately, the implication of that is the UK would be engaged in shooting down Russian planes, would be engaged in direct combat with Russia - that's not something we can do. "I think the consequences of that would be truly very, very difficult to control."