Drivers who choose to smoke in their car are risking a £50 or even £100 fine due to their being classed as not in control of their vehicle. They are also breaking the law if they smoke while anyone under the age of 18 is with them in the car. It comes as West Midlands police were shocked to pull over a driver who was smoking while a 2 year-old child was in the car without a seatbelt on. The Central Motorway Policing Group posted a tweet of the incident with an angry emoji covering the offender’s licence plate. They wrote: "This BMW was stopped after the driver was seen smoking with a 2 yr old child in the car who had no car seat or seatbelt. "The driver when stopped was found to have no licence or insurance too so the car has been seized. Awesome parenting." READ MORE: Abandoned BMW dealership full of classic cars discovered Twitter users were furious with the driver, with one account writing: "Undoubtedly saved a child's life. just a pity they're so young & unable totell everyone else that their parent was a fool. #heroesdontwearcapes." Another added: "No sympathy for them". While a third wrote: "Glad the toddler is ok before something bad happened." Driving while smoking can be classed as ‘careless’ but usually it would result in a £50 fine. DON'T MISSAndy Burnham calls for car tax U-turn after Clean Air Zone backlash [INSIGHT]Major diesel changes are an 'absolute mess' with ban just weeks away [SHOCKING]Eyesight checks could be expanded by DVSA under new proposals [WARNING] The smoking law was updated back in 2015 to protect children from the dangers of second-hand smoke. However it doesn’t apply to e-cigarettes, vaping, or a 17 year-old who is unaccompanied in the car. The law applies to any private vehicle with a roof, regardless of whether the driver has windows or a sunroof open. It even applies if someone is sitting in the open doorway of a parked car smoking. It isn’t illegal to smoke and drive alone however, or with other adults in the car. However, rule 148 of the Highway Code includes smoking as one of a number of distractions to be avoided when driving or riding. That’s in addition to trying to read maps, arguing with passengers, eating and drinking or listening to very loud music. If any of those lead to an accident they could result in a careless driving charge or not being in position to control a vehicle. Smoking while working for a company in a vehicle is banned however if that car is used to transport members of the public or has two people working in it . In Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland it’s an offence to smoke in any vehicle used for work, unless that vehicle’s a car. When carrying people, smoke-free vehicles with a roof that can be stowed or removed will not be required to be smoke free when the roof is completely removed or stowed. Employers may impose policies on smoking in vehicles that go further than the legislation.