Kate is one of the most popular members of the Royal Family not just for her work, but also for her fashion sense. Since she joined the Firm in 2011, many of the pieces worn by the Duchess during public engagements sparked frenzy among fashionistas and were sold out within minutes. One royal commentator, Jennie Bond, believes Kate doesn't simply choose to wear certain pieces for their fashion value but also to deliver a message to onlookers. Referring to the Duchess' decision to wear trousers on certain occasions, Ms Bond told OK! magazine: "Kate is a practical princess and increasingly wears trousers to reflect that she's ready for business, whether that be kneeling down with kids or sliding down a slide." She continued: "She wants to appear approachable, one of the people, not an untouchable figure in the prim dress." During the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's visit to Wales on Tuesday, Kate donned a pair of black skinny jeans, which allowed her to bend down to pet goats at Pant Farm and move around the area more easily. At the farm, the Duchess also wore comfortable boots and a green jacket, both replaced with more elegant black heels and a long green coat when she moved on to other engagements during the day. Nevertheless, the trousers remained useful to the Duchess as she knelt down to speak to children and planted a tree as part of the Plant a Tree for the Jubilee initiative launched in October last year. Kate also wore trousers during some of the engagements she undertook while in Copenhagen last week. READ MORE: Queen Letizia leaves fans gushing after ‘real fashion statement’ While visiting Stenurten Forest Kindergarten, a nursery school which holds part of his lessons outside, Kate wore skinny black jeans, a warm coat and an oversized high-neck jumper. This outfit was perfectly suitable for the visit, as she ran around the field with the children and even had a go at wood chopping. To meet Denmark's Queen Margrethe II and her daughter-in-law Crown Princess Mary, Kate changed into a black and grey Catherine Walker coat, paired with vertiginous heels. On the day before, Kate was free to go down a slide at the Lego Foundation PlayLab also because she had travelled to the Danish capital wearing trousers rather than a more impractical skirt. On Saturday, the Duchess once again donned a pair of trousers as she went with Prince William and Prince George to Twickenham Stadium to cheer for her new patronage, England Rugby. Kate appears to have worn trousers paired with open coats or jackets more frequently in recent months, which has led to suggestion she may have been inspired by the style of her sister-in-law Meghan Markle. On the other hand, the Duchess of Cambridge has been photographed in trousers on multiple occasions also prior to the arrival within the Royal Family of the Duchess of Sussex. In 2016, during a royal visit to Bhutan, Kate wore a casual white blouse, khaki trousers and boots to hike Paro Taktsang. In 2013, she donned a jacket above a blouse and black jeans to see the launch of the Ring O'Fire Anglesey Coastal Ultra Marathon. On the same year, she donned jeans, a blue jacket and striped shirt to attend the SportsAid Athlete Workshop. Kate and Prince William are preparing for their first royal tour abroad in two years, as their trip to Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas is taking place later this month. There, the Duchess will likely bring with her a series of formal and informal outfits, given the wide range of engagements she is expected to carry out. While visiting the Caribbean nations, Kensington Palace said the Duke and Duchess have asked to be able to meet as many locals as possible. Kate and William will also look into the local conservation efforts and approach to early childhood. This trip will be part of a series of tours abroad undertaken by members of the Firm within the next few weeks to mark the Platinum Jubilee year.