With summer speeding towards us, many green-thumbed Britons are back in the garden using the spring sunshine as a time to plant and prepare their green space for the warmer weather. If you’re looking for more ways to brighten up your outside space, an array of flowers can add a pop of colour to your pots and borders. Though many flowers are already beginning to blossom, there is still time to get more planted before the peak summer arrives. Experts from The Greenhouse People have put together a guide of five flowering plants you can sow in the coming weeks which promise to add a taste of the rainbow to your garden. Dahlias are perennial flowers that are originally native to Mexico and Central America. These stunning blooms come in a variety of colours, which make them a great choice for those seeking a bold display. A spokesperson for The Greenhouse People said: “No matter the size or colour of the flower you’re looking for, there’s bound to be a type of dahlia to suit your preference. “These are a great choice because their beautiful flowers can bloom for a long time. “Depending on their size, dahlias grow best in different places. For larger dahlia types, you’ll want to plant them in a bed, with staking for support, while smaller dahlias thrive in containers. Either way, a warm, sheltered spot is ideal. “To sow seeds, they’ll need to be kept in a greenhouse until large enough to transplant outside. “Alternatively, dormant tubers or root cuttings can be planted from early to late spring.“ READ MORE: ‘Highly effective’ 30p trick to kill driveway and patio weeds Lupins are tall, bright flowers often found in English country gardens. They bear unique pea-like flowers, which are especially loved by bumblebees, and when cut, make a beautiful addition to a vase. The Greenhouse People said: "With a wide range of colour varieties, these plants are sure to suit any garden aesthetic. "The easiest way to grow lupins is by taking cuttings and planting in the spring, with the flowers blooming from May to July." The experts advise deadheading your lupins once the flowers have faded to ensure another round of fresh flowers. The spokesperson added: "Lupins will thrive in a sunny spot, with moist, but well-draining soil. "They are self-seeding and perennial, so you’ll be able to enjoy their beauty for years to come." DON'T MISSMrs Hinch fans share £1 baby product for getting rid of ants [REVEALED]'Pick me up for your lawn': 'Amazing' product will make grass greener [COMMENT]How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [INSIGHT] Lilies bear a beautiful, trumpet flower that comes in an array of colours from the purest white to a deep shade of pink. They offer a taste of elegance in the garden from early to mid-summer. When cut, they also make a great addition to a special bouquet. The Greenhouse People said: "They can be planted as bulbs from late autumn until early April and grow best in a sheltered sunny spot. "Lilies love slightly acidic soil with a pH level of at least 6.0, so it’s best to plant them in soil with ericaceous fertiliser and ensure the bulbs have at least 12cm of soil above them. "You’ll also need to support tall-growing lilies with a support pole to prevent the stalks from drooping. "As the plants start to flower, give the tomato feed every couple of weeks which will help them perform well the following year." Peonies boast a large and delicate flower, in a variety of eye-catching colours. The Greenhouse People describe them as "quite the showstopper" but note that, when purchased from a florist, they are often pricey. The spokesperson said: "Why not cut out the middleman and grow your own? While these have a reputation for being tough to grow, there are a few ways to ensure success. "Plant your bare-root bulbs in either March or April for the best chance of flowers. Before you plant your bulbs, prepare your bed in a sunny area with fertiliser. "Ensure your peonies aren’t planted too deeply and avoid overwatering, as this is a common cause of failure." As these plants are top-heavy, you’ll want to ensure they are properly supported to prevent them from snapping. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Although you might not think of flowers when this onion relation springs to mind, they actually offer some very pretty blossoms. In the late spring, chives grow delicate pink flowers. The Greenhouse People's spokesperson said: "Plant your chives in a pot and keep in a spot with minimal shade or place in direct sunlight. Sow seeds thinly from March and you can expect a mass of flowers by late spring." Chives need a temperature of at least 20C to germinate, so the experts advise keeping them on a bright windowsill or greenhouse initially before transferring them into your garden. They added: "Once they have started to grow, they are incredibly easy to maintain and regular cutting will ensure they keep producing more leaves. "They will reach their full height about six to nine months after planting. "As an added bonus, chives are perennial which means you’ll be able to enjoy these plants year after year."