Princess Eugenie will most likely be celebrating her 32nd birthday today at her home in Frogmore Cottage with her husband Jack Brooksbank, 35. The couple share a one-year-old son, August, and they are a relatively private family, although Eugenie is often photographed alongside her famous cousins and friends. Eugenie’s weight has fluctuated over the years, with some royal pundits criticising her fashion choices or commenting negatively about the Princess’ appearance.  Having recently been photographed in the USA with Prince Harry, 37, and been seen walking around London, the royal has never looked better. But what diet does she follow? Sarah Campus, a personal trainer, nutrition coach and founder of LDN Mums Fitness spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to discuss Eugenie’s diet plan. The expert said: “Princess Eugenie is a very adventurous eater and has a very diverse taste in food. READ MORE: Weight loss: Influencer's incredible transformation  “She is an avid supporter of balanced nutrition paired with regular exercise, particularly HIIT training. “Breakfast she is particularly keen in a freshly baked pastry. “At lunch, she will always reach for the healthy option where possible but also keen on vegetable pizza at dinner times. “She prefers to cook for herself, so she knows what’s in her food, but does enjoy dining out and enjoys chips, don’t we all!  “She particularly likes Italian food, but also other diverse cuisines too. “In terms of hydration, her staple is free tea, as well as coke and sparkling water, then on the alcohol from she will usually reach for vodka and soda, but also partial to a cocktail.” Has Princess Eugenie experienced a lot of weight loss during her adult years, or has she maintained a steady weight? Sarah continued: “Princess Eugenie has maintained steady weight, following her healthy nutritious eating and active HIIT training.  “Keeping up with consistency is the answer to maintaining healthy sustainable weight.” What exercises does Princess Eugenie follow? Sarah added: “Regular HIIT training, she is a particular fan of squat jumps, burpees and lunges - a mixture of bodyweight and cardio. “She exercises regularly, getting up at 6:45am and getting started at 7am - where she gets her circuits done as then it's done for the day.”  Princess Eugenie’s older sister is Princess Beatrice who is 33. The sister duo are the children of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson, both 62. The family grew up in a home called Sunninghill which is in Ascot before their father moved to Royal Lodge in 2004. Sarah followed suit in 2008 and the Princesses also spent a lot of time there. 