 ITV soap fans have been keeping a close eye on Emmerdale’s Charity (played by Emma Atkins) and Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) in recent weeks. Chas was forced to sell off her beloved pub The Woolpack after the business suffered in the pandemic before being destroyed in a devastating explosion on Christmas Day. When Charity and her son Ryan Stocks (James Moore) bought the pub at auction, Chas was left angered. Charity and Chas have been bickering ever since, but could their row soon turn violent?    In upcoming scenes, Charity and Chas are still not seeing eye to eye and with the Woolpack and the B&B set to have big events on the same day - things are getting complicated. Not only is Charity annoyed the Woolpack refit is not quite ready but Chas has accepted a job at the B&B. Mandy (Lisa Dingle) and Chas decide to hold Liv and Vinny’s engagement party in the B&B knowing it will directly clash with the grand launch of the Woolpack, purposely interfering with Charity’s launch. When Charity discovers the plan, she puts on a brave face to cover her hurt, knowing the family will all be at the engagement party rather than her reopening. READ MORE: Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she won't watch  Things get even worse when Chas suggests the fake party become a real wedding reception. However, as both sides meddle with each other's plans for the days, Charity is left fuming over how much of a disaster it becomes. She heads over to the village hall to have it out with Chas and pair break out into a fight. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Lucy explained Chas's decision to work at the B&B is what starts the drama: “She sees it as an opportunity to be in big competition with the Woolie.”   “Yeah, the rivalry begins,” Charity actress Emma chimed in. Lucy continued: “She sees it as an opportunity to maybe make the B&B more of a kind of destination venue instead of just a sleeping place. “Somewhere people go for drinks and have food. So, in direct competition,” the soap star revealed. Detailing how Charity reacts, Emma said: “I just think it's game on. I'm sure deep down she doesn't want it because she knows that Chas is very sharp and very shrewd when she needs to be. “So, I think that element of competition is like ‘Oh, God! Oh, God!’ She’s slightly wondering how it will turn out. DON'T MISS...EastEnders reunion as Mitch Baker rekindles romance with former flame? [SPOILERS]Coronation Street arrest as Adam Barlow hospitalises Lydia? [THEORY]All Creatures Great and Small's Rachel Shenton on disruptive co-star [MUST SEE]  “But, I guess when Charity is confronted in that way, she just goes ‘Right, this is war' and so the next few episodes unveil a whole lot of exciting drama,” she teased. Emma went on to suggest Chas and Charity's rivalry could go to extreme lengths: "All hell breaks loose because it culminates in this massive, chaotic row." Lucy added: “The two have hurt each other so much by being in this competition that everything comes up from the past. “I think all their kind of animosity towards each other, how they've each been hurt, their own side and version of the story comes out.    “It's all the past two years of them being at each other's throats, of not being happy with each other's working, and then the slyness of buying the Woolpack. “Chas thinks when she has to be interviewed for a job it’s a massive dig whereas she [Charity] just thinks she's taking the p***. So, all these things get brought up. “It's been coming for a long time and everything gets brought up from their past and how they hated each other for certain things.” Could this mean Chas and Charity’s feud will end in a physical fight? If the duo turn violent they could end up seriously hurting each other and may find themselves in trouble with the law. Will Chas or Charity be arrested for assault? Viewers will have to tune in to find out their fate. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV. 