Max Verstappen is proving to be an "absolute nuisance" to his F1 rivals with Jolyon Palmer noticing a certain tactic the Dutchman has adopted in the last three races. Verstappen and Charles Leclerc were once again embroiled in a fascinating battle at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix last weekend. Verstappen ultimately came out on top after Leclerc tried to hold his lead in the final few laps. A virtual safety car with just a few laps remaining saw Verstappen given the chance to close right up to Leclerc on the track. And the reigning F1 world champion was almost running alongside the race leader heading into the final corner with the virtual safety car period ending. Leclerc was able to beat Verstappen off the line to race into the distance, but Palmer has noticed that the Red Bull driver is making a habit of pushing the boundaries under the Safety Car period. Drivers are normally required to follow one another during a Safety Car period with no overtaking allowed. But Palmer believes Verstappen has found a "grey area" in the rules which has seen him run up alongside the race leader in each of the last three races with a Safety Car period ending. JUST IN: Max Verstappen's Red Bull 'more difficult' than the Ferrari  It didn't work out well for him in Bahrain while Lewis Hamilton also held off the Dutchman initially in the final lap of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. Palmer does note that "none of the drivers are complaining about it" but he does believe the Red Bull star is proving to be a "nuisance" at the very least. "It's not the first time Max has done this. He's now done it three races in a row," Palmer said on F1 TV. "Charles Leclerc can dictate the pace and basically dictate when the race restarts and Max just gets alongside him. DON'T MISS  "What he's doing here is he's stopping Charles from opening up the corner. Charles wants to be on the outside so he can swing into the left hander that's coming up and get the most speed through the corner. But because Max is alongside, he's going to have a much better reaction time because there's less distance he can lose, he can have a nice view of when Leclerc is going as well and he's stopping Leclerc from getting to that outside line. "Max doing his little weaving, Charles is accelerating and braking on the throttle and brakes all to try and get the tyre temps up. But the whole way through this, Max is just sitting there alongside. He's just being an absolute nuisance for the race leader. "Finally, Leclerc manages to just put a big squeeze on him into this final corner and they're quite close to touching. Without the DRS on a Safety Car restart he can't quite do enough to make an attempt but the intent is there for Verstappen and it's a tactic he's been doing for a while." 