The Flight Attendant is the new HBO Max series starring The Big Bang Theory's Kaley Cuoco in her first major role since the Big Bang came to ane end in 2019. The dark comedy thriller was executively produced by Cuoco and YOU co-creator, Greg Berlanti, you do not want to miss it. Will there be more of The Flight Attendant to come? Express.co.uk has everything you need to know.   The Flight Attendant premiered on HBO Max on Thursday, November 26 and fans have been tuning in every week to find out what happened to Cassie Bowen (played by Kaley Cuoco) and Alex Sokolov (Michael Huisman). The finale premiered on Thursday, December 17 on the streaming platform and fans are eagerly awaiting news of the show's future. There is good news for fans of The Flight Attendant as the show will be returning for a second outing,  despite the show being originally being intended as limited series. Casey Bloys, Chief Content Officer, HBO and HBO Max announced the news in a statement on Friday, December 18. He said: " We are delighted that the show has resonated so strongly with audiences and critics. "We congratulate Kaley, Steve, Greg and Sarah, along with the rest of the incredibly talented cast, executive producers and our partners at Warner Bros. Television on all the success of the first season. I look forward to seeing where Cassie will go next.” Kaley Cuoco, who led the cast of the series added: " To say that I am elated would be an understatement! The positive response to our show has surpassed all of our expectations and I’m so proud of the entire team behind its success. "I’m thrilled to continue my partnership with Team Berlanti, Steve Yockey, HBO Max and of course my beloved studio, Warner Bros. "I have amazing partners in Suzanne McCormack and Mackenzie Shade at Yes, Norman Prods., where we are committed to delivering diverse and quality entertainment, including an exciting (and probably a little crazy) TFA season two!!” Series creator Steve Yockey had already shared his hopes and plans for a second series. READ MORE Big Bang Theory’s Bernadette star shares sweet post to Kaley Cuoco Speaking to Deadline, Yockey said: " We certainly feel like…I’ve had some internal conversations with some of the producers and Kaley, and you know, that small group at this point about like how much fun that would be and where we think we could go with the show. "But our sort of initial priority was we want to do this limited series that’s eight episodes of television that really feels like it has a beginning, middle, and an end, and is dramatically satisfying. "Like, Cassie goes on this journey. She learns something powerful about herself, and she helps solve a mystery, and at the end of this finale we want people to feel like ‘I went on this journey and I’m happy,’ and so if they get to have more of it, it’ll be an exciting thing rather than well, they better answer these cliffhangers." If The Flight Attendant is given the green light for a second outing, fans can expect the new series to air in late 2021. The first series premiered in November 2020 after months of delays as a result of the ongoing coronavirus outbreak, and with the pandemic continuing to disrupt production on numerous shows, fans have had to wait a little longer than expected. But fear not as it has now been announced exactly when The Flight Attendant will be back.   WARNING: This article contains spoilers about The Flight Attendant season 1 The Flight Attendant series two is going to return on Thursday, April 21, on HBO Max. The first two episodes are going to be ready to watch on the day of its premiere. After this, episodes three and four will be out on April 28 on the streaming service. From then on, a new instalment will be released weekly until the finale on May 26. DON'T MISS...Big Bang Theory: Kaley Cuoco exposes secret from Kunal Nayyar audition [BEHIND-THE-SCENES]Wonder Woman 1984 streaming: Can you watch full movie online? [STREAMING]The Undoing cast: Who is Elena star Matilda De Angelis? [CAST] set to premiere Thursday, April 21, EW.com reports. Two episodes will drop on premiere day, followed by Episodes 3 and 4 on April 28. Subsequent installments will unspool weekly through May 26.  The series is based on the book of Chris Bohjalian's book of the same name. The Flight Attendant follows alcoholic flight attendant, Cassie, who meets a mysterious man called Alex, sitting in first class on her flight. They hit it off straight away and after going to dinner together in Bangkok, they go back to his hotel. However, when Cassie woke up, Alex had been brutally murdered and Cassie has no recollection of what happened the night before. She immediately became a person of interest for the FBI but in the end, Alex's killer was revealed to be Cassie's boyfriend, Buckley/Felix (Colin Woodell). The series also ended on several cliffhangers which set the show up for a second outing. For example, Cassie co-worker Miranda (Michelle Gomez) was killed by Buckley/Felix and Megan (Rosie Perez) fled the country after conspiring against her husband. Buckley/Felix was killed by Shane (Griffin Matthews), Cassie's co-worker who happened to be a CIA agent.     A second series could well see Cassie working alongside Shane as part of the CIA. The HBO adaption veered slightly from the book and its ending, which means a second series could go anywhere. If season two is given the green light, the entire main cast is expected to return including Kaley Cuoco, The Age of Adaline and Game of Thrones' Michiel Huisman, Grey's Anatomy's TR Knight, Bad Education's Michelle Gomez and The Originals' Colin Woodell. The Flight Attendant season 2 will premiere on Thursday, April 21, on HBO Max. 