Ms Middleton, the mother of the future Queen, Kate, has fittingly titled her new kids' range: "King and Queen of the Sea". She launched the new items under her partyware brand Party Pieces. The range boasts that it is 100 percent eco-friendly, recyclable or reusable, with proceeds going towards conservation charity Big Blue Ocean Cleanup. It features sharks and mermaids printed on cups, plates, hats, napkins, gift bags and other party accessories. Speaking about the new collection, Ms Middleton said: "I am excited to be supporting the incredible work that Big Blue Ocean Cleanup does to protect our oceans. "At Party Pieces we want to make it easier for people to celebrate consciously - our new sustainably-sourced ranges help to protect the planet without compromising on the magic of parties." Royal watchers praised the grandmother-of-five for her latest move, with one calling her a "brilliant woman". Adelsexpertin wrote: "She is a very smart business woman through and through (good for her) and she knows people want to celebrate their children AND protect the environment but her throwaway party pieces stand in her way so she has to move with the time. "Ecofriendly and a good cause! Brilliant woman!" Another user, Pooja, compared Ms Middleton to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, praising her for "taking action". They wrote: "Well done to Carole Middleton! READ MORE: Grandmother to future King launches new party supply collection with r "She is reinforcing Prince William’s excellent climate change work, by taking action - rather than just lecturing about it like Harry & Megs do! "Actions speak louder than words, and those proceeds will be going towards Big Blue Ocean Cleanup." Gigi Napalan added: "A hands on, hard working mum with a very successful business!" Ifejorlah thanked the 67-year-old for "caring for our very fragile environment", while Claud Pao described the range as "wonderful".  DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan row erupts after major rights award [INSIGHT] 'Exhausted' Royal fans in despair over Harry and Meghan's legal fights [REACTION] Royal Family LIVE: Queen's sweet secret trip to see family exposed [LIVE] Ebeth added: "I love this!!" Big Blue Ocean Cleanup says it aims to "drive positive change towards clean oceans that support all marine wildlife and sustainable living." It adds: "Big Blue Ocean Cleanup works to prevent, protect and to minimise disturbance from human development and climate change. "We envision healthy oceans in which humanity is forever committed to caring for and appreciating our blue planet, our global marine biodiversity, for the long-term benefit of people and all life on Earth." Ms Middleton started the party supplies company after searching for decorations for the Duchess of Cambridge's fifth birthday party. She previously told the Daily Mail: "All I could find were basic clown plates. "I realised there was a gap in the market for partyware that wasn't too expensive and which looked good, so [I] decided to design my own. "My children continue to inspire me and, as they have grown up, our brand has evolved."