The Prime Minister discussed the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine with EU Council President Charles Michel on Monday but the bloc's chief failed to extend an invitation to a key EU summit this week. Mr Johnson also spoke to the leaders of the United States, France, Germany and Italy to discuss their coordinated response to the escalating crisis in Ukraine, his office said. Johnson's office said in a statement: "The leaders affirmed their ongoing commitment to support Ukraine militarily, diplomatically and economically, equipping the democratically-elected government in Kyiv with the tools it needs to defend itself. "They also resolved to increase the pressure on Russia to halt its unprovoked invasion, including by maintaining wide-ranging and coordinated sanctions." President Biden is due to travel to Europe this week for meetings with allied leaders to discuss tighter sanctions on Russia, on top of the unprecedented financial penalties already announced. The US leader will also participate in the closed-door meeting of the EU Council. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who will be in Brussels this week, was also sidelined by EU leaders and like Mr Johnson he will not participate in the summit. However, the Canadian leader will speak to the European Parliament on Wednesday. The snub comes after Mr Johnson said in a speech over the weekend that it was the "instinct of the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom", with the Brexit vote a "famous recent example". READ MORE: Russian ambassador's chilling warning to NATO with hint at 'plans'  Downing Street has denied that Boris Johnson sought to draw a direct comparison between the fighting in Ukraine and the UK vote to leave the European Union. The Prime Minister's official spokesman said: "As the Prime Minister's speech made clear, there was not a direct comparison made between fighting in Ukraine. "As the Chancellor (Rishi Sunak) said, they are not directly analogous. He was making observations about people's desire for freedom. "It is worth noting that the Ukrainian ambassador was in the audience at the time and gave a standing ovation at the end of the speech, and he tweeted his thanks to the Prime Minister." Health Secretary Said Javid also defended the Prime Minister on Monday saying Mr Johnson was not suggesting "at all" a comparison between the two events. DON'T MISS:Kremlin officials circle Putin as coup reports build [INSIGHT]Putin humiliated as hardman Chechen special forces go home [VIDEO]'Brexit La La Land' Former Finnish PM in stunning attack against UK [ANALYSIS] He said: "What I heard from the Prime Minister was the... basically the desire for self-determination in everyone, no matter what country they're in, no matter what their circumstance, is strong. "I don't think in any way he was connecting the situations in Ukraine and the UK, and if we want to know what the Prime Minister thinks about Ukraine and responding, I mean, we can see for ourselves in terms of the support that he's provided, rock-solid support compared to any other world leader." He added: "I think it's spurious to say that he was connecting somehow the UK and Ukraine in that way. "I think most normal people listening to that wouldn't have drawn that conclusion."