Football stadiums are regularly packed with fans, eagerly cheering on their teams from the lower leagues through to the Premier League. However, with the continuing climate change trend, fans could see their team’s stadium flood on an annual basis - with rising sea levels impacting all corners of the world. Not only are stadiums at risk, but key landmarks could also face submersion if the current climate trend continues. A new study found Buckingham Palace could be regularly flooded, with cities across the UK at risk from rising seas. Glasgow, London and Bristol are on course to regularly see flooded streets the study, published in the journal Environmental Research Letters, found. Research showed if global temperatures climb to 4C higher than pre-industrial levels, up to one billion people are at risk of seeing their homes flooded. READ MORE: Four free agents to give Antonio Conte insane Tottenham squad The study came ahead of the COP26 Global Summit in a few weeks - a meeting of world leaders to discuss climate change. Dr Ben Strauss, CEO and chief scientist at Climate Central told the Independent the findings demonstrated the need for this meeting to save coastal cities and look out for our descendants. He said: “To me, the main message is how great the difference is between our possible future worlds depending on whether we cut pollution sharply or continue closer to business as usual. “Our descendants are going to be dealing with these consequences for hundreds of years. "It’s about the survival of scores of coastal cities around the world.” A map from Climate Central has shown the impact rising sea levels would have across the globe as far as 2150. Looking just 30 years ahead to 2050, football fans will be dismayed to learn 23 stadiums will be adversely affected by rising waters. Iconic homes of football like Chelsea's Stamford Bridge, Norwich's Carrow Road and West Ham's London Stadium could see flooding annually by 2050. Elsewhere Middlesbrough fans will face getting boats to the Riverside Stadium, while Fulham's Craven Cottage will be completely flooded annually. DON'T MISSManchester United’s contract plan for Erik ten Hag explained [INSIGHT]Mike Dean's four most iconic Premier League moments [ROUND-UP]Tottenham boss Conte has 3 problems to solve over international break [ANALYSIS] And League One teams aren't safe, with Doncaster's ironically named Keepmoat Stadium on course to be circled by flooded area year-round. It's not just British teams at risk, with Matmut Atlantique in Bordeaux, France looking to be completely flooded annually according to the maps. Weserstadion in Bremen, Germany is also looking at partially flooded ground come 2050. Below is the full list of stadiums under threat of being flooded in 2050.