Prince Charles, 73, is the longest-serving heir apparent in British royal history, taking precedence in the line of succession back in 1952. In 1958, Charles was given the Prince of Wales title by the Queen, and in 2017 he surpassed the record set by Queen Victoria's son, King Edward VII, as the longest-serving Prince of Wales in history.  Queen Elizabeth II, 95, has commended significant respect throughout her seven-decade reign, and the thought of the end of her reign is unbearable for many. But on the eve of her Accession Day earlier this year, the Queen indicated the future of the monarchy was at the forefront of her mind as she announced her wishes for Prince Charles' reign. In a special message, the Queen said she hoped the public will give Charles and Camilla "the same support" she has been given throughout her long tenure on the throne, in addition to expressing her "sincere wish" that Camilla be known as Queen Consort in the future. Charles has had several decades to prepare for his stint as King, more so than any other heir to the throne in British history - and the minute he succeeds the throne he will have beaten another royal record.  READ MORE: Princess Olga Romanov's blunt take on Meghan Markle and Prince Harry When the Queen dies, Prince Charles will be the oldest person to ascend the throne in British royal history. Born on November 14, 1948, Charles was three years old when his mother ascended the throne as Queen Elizabeth II. Charles was actually present for the Queen's coronation at Westminster Abbey in 1953, although his younger sister Princess Anne did not attend as she was too young at the time. As it currently stands, the record holder for the oldest monarch at the start of their reign was King William IV, who was 64 years and 309 days old when he became King.   When Charles succeeds the throne, he could have beaten this record by more than a decade. Charles could also beat another royal record when he takes the crown by becoming the longest-lived British King in history. Aged only 73 at the moment, Charles has a few years to beat the undisputed record held by King George III. King George III died in 1820 at the age of 81 years and 239 days, although much of his later years fell under a Regency with his son, the future King George IV, at the helm.  DON'T MISS:Why Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall was never a Princess [EXPLAINER]The royal who dropped from second in line to throne to 17th [INSIGHT]Prince George proves he'll be perfect King during rugby game [ANALYSIS] To be the longest-lived British monarch in history, however, Charles will have to beat his mother's record. Currently aged 95, the Queen surpassed the record set by her great-great-grandmother, Queen Victoria, several years ago. Victoria had died in 1901 at the age of 81, almost four decades after the early death of her beloved husband Prince Albert. The longest-lived Queen Consort was Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother, who died aged 101 years and 238 days in 2002. 