Russia's invasion of Ukraine last month has catalysed an outpouring of support for Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky and the Ukrainian people. Royals like Prince Charles, Prince William and Kate Middleton have thrown their backing behind the devastated nation, issuing statements of support and donating to charitable causes. Several members of the Royal Family have made donations to charitable initiatives supporting people devastated by the Ukraine crisis. The Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) thanked the Queen earlier this month on Twitter for her "generous donation" to the DEC Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal. Prince William and Prince Charles are also understood to have donated to the appeal as well. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have donated to several different organisations working on the frontlines to support the people of Ukraine. READ MORE: Queen’s Guard, 19, who ‘went AWOL’ arrested  Several members of the Royal Family have publicly pledged their support for Ukraine in recent weeks as the nation faces ongoing turmoil. In late February, Harry and Meghan's Archewell website posted a message of support to the people of Ukraine following Russia's invasion. The statement read: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex and all of us at Archewell stand with the people of Ukraine against this breach of international and humanitarian law and encourage the global community and its leaders to do the same." William and Kate also shared a message of support for Mr Zelensky on Twitter, which read: "'In October 2020 we had the privilege to meet President Zelenskyy and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine's future. "Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine's people as they bravely fight for that future." Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall also spoke of "the heart-breaking conditions in Ukraine, where democracy and freedom are under brutal attack" during an International Women's Day event this month.  Senior members of the Royal Family have carried out engagements to raise awareness of the crisis in Ukraine in recent weeks. Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall paid a visit to the Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral in London, and Charles said they had been moved "above all by the extraordinary bravery, generosity and fortitude of the Ukrainian community in the face of such truly terrible aggression." In early March, Kate and William visited the Ukrainian Cultural Centre in London, where they heard more about the efforts to support Ukrainians in the wake of the Russian invasion. And in tribute to Ukraine's flag, Kate wore a small blue and yellow pin with a white heart as she was shown around the centre by Ukraine's ambassador to the United Kingdom, Vadym Prystaiko. DON'T MISS:Royal POLL: Do you think the Queen’s Commonwealth is crumbling? [POLL]Will Queen attend Prince Philip's memorial? [INSIGHT]Queen health latest: Monarch 'finding it extremely difficult to stand' [ANALYSIS]  Earlier this month, the Queen received Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for a Windsor Castle audience. And while the Queen usually remains neutral in her role as sovereign, the floral display in the background was yellow and blue just like Ukraine's flag and was seen by many to be a subtle show of support. The Daily Mirror's royal editor Russell Myers tweeted: "Royal sources have revealed the Queen’s blue and yellow flowers arranged on the table behind her are indeed a tribute to the people of Ukraine". 