Chelsea are through to the next round of the FA Cup after a narrow win over Luton Town where the Blues had to battle hard for the victory. Romelu Lukaku and Timo Werner were the heroes after scoring with the European champions 2-1 down to the Championship side for large parts of the contest. Chelsea are through to the next round of the FA Cup but that might not even be the biggest news of the day at the Blues after minutes before the match Roman Abramovich announced that he was looking to sell the club. As the news filtered through that the Russian was looking to end his 19-year tenure in charge, the west London outfit took on Luton Town amid uncertain circumstances over the future of the club. After already losing the final of the Carabao Cup, Thomas Tuchel's men were desperate not to taste defeat here as well but they could have done on another night. The Hatters had led the Club World Cup holders for much of the contest when they scored just 105 seconds into the match while Sual Niguez's equaliser was cancelled out in the first half. Tuchel sent on his big guns but it was starting duo Werner and Lukaku ended up scoring to put Chelsea back on top and through after a hard-fought tie. So, what was learnt after Chelsea’s shock defeat tonight at Kenilworth Road? The news that Chelsea’s owner was selling up has shook the club to its very core and that impact appears to have reached the pitch. Tuchel named a very different team to the one that lost to Liverpool on Sunday and it was a very disjointed performance. With so much uncertainty surrounding Stamford Bridge right now, it might not be a surprise to see the players looking out of sorts. But this is a situation that will not be going away anytime soon so Chelsea must adapt or suffer further with Champions League and Premier League fixtures to come. Chelsea have struggled to replace Ben Chilwell, who was injured against Juventus all the way back in November which sparked a series of draws that pretty much ended their Premier League title charge. Marcos Alonso has seen his first-team football return after initially being dropped for the Englishman but has failed to replicate the same impact his wing-back rival had. But Kenedy, who was brought back from his loan to Flamengo in January, was given a chance to shine against Luton tonight and he took his chance. Full of tricks and pace, the Brazilian remains a raw talent but there are signs that the left-back can bring the explosiveness that Tuchel demands from his wing-backs. Heads were being scratched when Chelsea named their line-up but it turned out that there would be three at the back with Loftus-Cheek in the middle. To say that was a surprise would be an understatement considering the Englishman has never played there in his career and has been more used to attacking midfield roles. However, with two goals conceded in less than 40 minutes to Luton, it was not an especially successful experiment. There was much improvement in the second-half, though, when the Hatters' took their foot off the pedal and Loftus-Cheek was able to demonstrate his fine dribbling ability. This was a chance to shine for Werner, who has struggled to garner any sort of form since his £50m move from RB Leipzig in 2020. And this was a timely reminder of his finishing, though his overall performance was poor, but his goal might give him some confidence. Because that appears to be all that is holding the German back, who has been largely ostracised by Tuchel this season with the likes of Mason Mount and Hakim Ziyech preferred. The forward struggled to combine with fellow frontman Lukaku at all while his first touch usually let him down.  On Chelsea’s bench, there were some top academy prospects in Harvey Vale and Lewis Hall, who have impressed in the few minutes that Tuchel has afforded them. With the likes of Werner and Malang Sarr struggling, it might have been better to see some of the young talents in action while Vale did get the chance off the bench. Elsewhere, Levi Colwill has impressed all season at Huddersfield and could be one of the next stars from the Blues academy to get involved. Indeed, with Sarr having a poor performance - the left-footed defender might just be the answer for Chelsea in what is a problematic position. 