Filming for series 11 of ITV series Vera was put on hold last year due to the COVID-19 pandemic. This meant fans had to wait to watch the episodes as bosses were forced to spread them out over the year. The first two instalments aired in 2021 followed by the second two in January of this year. The remaining episodes are expected to air later this year. However, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the actor who plays DC Mark Edwards has opened up how challenging it was filming for series 11. Mark made his debut on the cop drama in series one as a uniformed police officer. He was later made a permanent fixture, which is when he was properly introduced to DCI Stanhope. Riley explained he and his co-star Ibinabo Jack, who plays DC Jac Williams in the ITV drama, had to form a bubble so they could film closely together. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue?   He went on to add leading lady Brenda and Kenny Doughty, who plays her sidekick Aiden Healy, also formed a social bubble together. Discussing the difficulty filming, the actor began: “During scenes, there's so much of like, passing over a piece of paper or something like that. “I do it all the time, ‘I've got this for ma'am’, and you walk over and give her some information, she takes the paper and that's fine. “That's a dead easy scene, but with Covid, you couldn’t get that close.” He continued: “You couldn’t pass up a piece of paper because they couldn’t sanitise it. We had to do a lot of camera trickery.” The 33-year-old said filming group scenes with Brenda and Kenny were also a challenge. “There was green screen we used for group scenes,” Riley recalled. “So if I've got some CCTV for instance, I’d get everyone in a crowd around my computer and have a look. “We’d [still] have to then do that, but I was doing it with nobody behind me, obviously pretending that people were there.” DON'T MISS...NCIS' Pauley Perrette issues passionate plea against Ukrainian war [REACTION]Vera's Jac Williams star opens up on Kenny Doughty 'faking' scene  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale arrest for Liam Cavanagh after Charles teams up with Meena? [SPOILERS] He added: “Then I would step out and then the next person would come in and so, so what would normally be a very easy scene with everyone just around the computer, it would take a lot longer.” During series 11, viewers noticed a change in Riley’s character’s appearance. Rather than donning a head of blonde locks, DC Mark Edwards had a shaved head instead. Despite fans thinking it was all part of his role, Riley admitted it was because his hair was growing thin.   "It started to go thin in all honesty,” the actor explained. “It was on its way out and to be honest, I could have probably held on to it for maybe the next five to 10 years but I just think when it starts to go like that... "I mean each to their own, but for me personally I think I'd rather take control and rather than it growing gradually thinner and thinner, I just thought, you know what I'm just going to embrace it and take control." Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year. 