While most people can tolerate statins, for some, a disease can develop that shouldn't be ignored. Experts at the cholesterol charity Heart UK stated: "The most commonly reported side effects of a statin are muscle aches and pains." Generalised muscle discomfort that is felt all over the body could be a sign of myopathy. Myopathy is a "muscle disease" whereby the muscles no longer function effectively. Myopathy Research published in the British Medical Journal (BMJ) stated the symptoms of induced myopathy include: Heart UK added: "If the GP suspects myopathy he or she should request a blood test to look for elevated levels of Creatinine Kinase (CK)." The charity explained that muscle tenderness and soreness are often linked to a rise in CK. However, "a modest raised CK is not diagnostic" as CK can naturally rise following exercise. READ MORE: Statins side effects – Two 'common' but smelly side effects of the cholesterol medicine Your doctor, however, should have taken CK levels before prescribing statins, which can be useful in comparing current CK levels to those at baseline (before taking the medication). Muscle-related disease is more likely to occur when higher doses of statins are prescribed. While having an adverse reaction to statins can be worrisome, do not stop taking the medication without agreeing to do so with your doctor first. This is because high doses of statins could be minimising the risk of a heart attack to stroke. There are two types of cholesterol – low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. The former is considered "bad" cholesterol as it builds up on the arterial walls. Clinical research by the Cholesterol Treatment Trialists’ Collaboration (CTTC), which included more than 170,000 people, showed that statins "clearly" lowered LDL cholesterol. Furthermore, for every 1mmol/L stop in LDL cholesterol, there was also a considerable drop in a patient's five-year risk of cardiovascular disease, which minimises the risk of a heart attack or stroke. There are different types of statins available on prescription in the UK and the dosage can also be altered. Thus, if you do experience the onset of muscle soreness while taking statins, another type of statin could be better tolerated. As such, speaking with your doctor is advisable so that more effective treatment can be given. Statins side effects The NHS listed "common side effects" of statins, such as: The NHS added: "If you find certain side effects particularly troublesome, talk to the doctor in charge of your care. "Your dose may need to be adjusted or you may need a different type of statin." A conversation may also follow regarding the benefits of taking statins compared to the risk of side effects. You can also report side effects of statins via the Yellow Card Scheme that is run by the medicines safety watchdog, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA).