In an update issued on Tuesday, the Ukrainian Armed Forces argued Russia was deploying more troops due to its failure to break through Ukrainian lines. The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine also argued yesterday Moscow's inability to establish a fuel pipeline at the front had put Russia at risk of running out of supplies.  They said: "Having lost the offensive potential, the Russian occupying troops continue forming and deploying the reserves from the depths of the Russian Federation to the borders of Ukraine." Ukrainian think tank, The Centre for Defence Strategies, claimed Russian troops are also becoming increasingly desperate due to setbacks and supply issuers. In the Okhtyrka region of Sumy troops were reportedly "left the area of operations" in order to "choose desertion to avoid death". In Havronshchyna, which is located in the Makariv district, Russians were said to have stolen cars to drive towards the border with Belarus.  According to the Daily Mail, British Intelligence believe that attempts by Moscow to capture Mariupol "continue to be repulsed" with heaving fighting. The Ministry of Defence also argued Russian offensives in Kyiv, Chernihiv, Sumy and Kharkiv have "enjoyed another day of limited progress" The news comes as attacks from Vladimir Putin's troops on Ukrainian cities, including those on the besieged southern coastal city of Mariupol, have stalled. Some analysts have questioned if Russian forces can capture Kyiv at all considering their limited progress to date. READ MORE:Major blow for Putin as manufacturer stops making tanks – reports  Lord Dannatt, a former head of the British Army, told Sky News Russia was "hunkering down for a long fight in Kyiv" but do not have the "motivation or the will to push into the centre". Other Western experts have argued Moscow will have to stall or even pause operations while fresh troops arrive. These could be new conscripts, soldiers from Armenia or Syria or private mercenaries, such as the infamous Wagner Group. There is also the possibility that Russian forces may be forced to stop attempting to advance and hold the territory that they already have. DON'T MISS:  Ukraine LIVE: 'This is huge' Putin faces 'biggest defeat' yet   [REVEAL] Kremlin insider attacks Russia’s Lavrov in brutal rant: ‘Disgrace!’  [INSIGHT] Putin rumbled as Pravda leaks REAL Russian death toll – 20 times more  [SPOTLIGHT] This could give the Ukrainian military the opportunity to counter attack but could also lead to protracted urban warfare of the type the Russian military undertook in the Chechen capital Grozny in the 1990s. It could also see Russian tactics becoming more bloody with concerns that they could use biological or chemical weapons. US President Joe Biden has warned that such weapons could be used if Putin's "back is against the wall". 