The star, most famous for his collaboration Queen + Adam Lambert, has spoken candidly about his mental health recently–something he has become more confident at in the last few years. In a new interview with Good Morning America, Lambert, who was runner-up in American Idol season 8, summarised the effect the pandemic has had on his mental health. He said: “I’ve definitely dealt with my share of anxiety.” The star was also thankful that mental health is “becoming less taboo for people". “A pandemic is not the most relaxing thing in the world,” he said. “It’s not a vacation.” During the height of lockdown in 2020 cases of depression and anxiety tripled, according to research by Sheffield University. Lambert revealed in an interview with Lorraine back in May 2020 that he had been getting therapy to treat his mental health. He said: “I'm just keeping busy, speaking with a therapist as the anxiety can get real, and speaking to friends and family. “We're all focused on the virus at first, but there's a lot of fall-out from this - from mental health to jobs. “Imagine going through this 50 years ago? We have the tools at our fingertips to help us get through this.” The star has also talked in the past about how opening up about his mental health gave him “clarity”. Lambert spoke in more depth about the importance of opening up in his Good Morning America interview. "I think it's really important not to feel like there's something wrong with you. I think it's more common than we all realise," he said. "I feel some people think that if they don't ask for help then it's not real. So, people avoid admitting themselves and getting the help they need because they're in denial," Lambert added. "You've got to be real with yourself and honest with yourself." Feeling Anxious, according to the NHS, can be “perfectly normal”. Anxiety disorder is caused when people find it hard to control their worries and their feelings are prolonged. The symptoms of generalised anxiety disorder, according to the health body, are: It recommends going to your GP if anxiety is affecting your daily life or causing you distress. They may prescribe you medication or refer you to a specialist where you may receive therapy. This could be cognitive behavioural therapy and applied relaxation with the NHS. Private therapists may offer a large variety of treatments, including talk therapy for anxiety as well as hypnotherapy.