In the poll, which ran from 11am on Friday, March 4 to 4pm on Saturday, March 5, Express.co.uk asked its readers: “Do you think the Royal Family should do more for Ukraine, or stay out of politics?” A total of 2,800 people voted, with a lively debate in the comments section over how involved the Royal Family should be in global politics. The majority of voters – 62 percent (1,736) – said they think the royals are “getting it right”. A further 28 percent (792) said “no, they’ve done too much already”, while nine percent (244) said “they should do more”. One percent (28 people) said they just didn’t know. In the comments, people shared their thoughts on the issue, with many saying the Queen and her family should be allowed to support whichever humanitarian efforts they see fit. READ MORE: Photographer lets slip what 'miserable' Sussexes are like  Username Poshlad wrote: “It’s their choice and has got [nothing] to do with the rest of us if she or any other decide to donate money from their own personal wealth!” User Catyanna added: “The Queen has donated to help humanitarian efforts for those being hurt, which she is fully entitled to do.” And username Caribidus agreed: “Who the Queen or anyone else makes a donation to is their business. “The Queen has made a donation to help people not politics.”  Others said the Royal Family needs to be careful not to get involved in the political side of the issue. Username AUSSIE wrote: “The Royal Family should stay right out of politics. It is not their war. “The Queen is being a wise woman by not getting directly involved in war. And username JanetWCQ1958 said: “It's great that Her Majesty has made a donation to Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC)'s Ukraine appeal and it is right that the Royal Family should support any fundraising efforts but they cannot get involved in the political side of things, that is the Governments job and the Monarchy has to be seen to stay politically neutral.” DON'T MISS: Prince Harry criticised for 'navel-gazing' Ukraine statement [REPORT]Kate Middleton 'allows herself the odd sweet snack' - 'isn’t a crime' [INSIGHT]'Morale boost' Joy as Queen BEATS Covid [REPORT]  Others pointed out that the Queen is no stranger to living through a war, so the desire to help Ukrainian people might be personal for her. Username Goodnurse1 wrote: “The Queen's family remained in Britain during WWII and did not flee out of the country. “This is personal for the Queen. She has lived with air raid sirens and bombs.” In 1939, when the Second World War broke out, the Queen (then 13-year-old Princess Elizabeth) and her family remained in the UK, despite calls for them to be evacuated.  At the time, the Queen Mother said: “The children won't go without me. I won't leave without the King. And the King will never leave.” The Queen aided the war effort by becoming the first female member of the Royal Family to join the Armed Services as a full-time member, joining the Auxiliary Territorial Service at  the age of 18. The Queen has made a “generous” private donation to the DEC’s humanitarian fund for Ukraine, along with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. The Prince of Wales has made personal donations to the British Red Cross, of which he is president, and the Duchess of Cornwall made what was described as a “substantial” donation to the Daily Mail’s refugee campaign, announced by the tabloid newspaper on Wednesday.  