Astrology dictates that “every sign has to deal with unfinished business”. Aquarius, the 11th sign of the zodiac, encompasses those born between January 20 and February 18. “Independent and enigmatical, Aquarians are unique. “There is no one quite like an Aquarius, and because each is so incredibly individual, it can be tough to describe them as a group.“ However, these are some things all Aquarians can do to become the best versions of themselves and receive good karma. Firstly, Aquarius would do well to form some deeper connections. READ MORE: Kate's 'charming body language' met with 'frostiness from Eugenie' While they tend to have a “the more, the merrier” outlook on social interaction, they may be missing out on more “intense” conversations, according to horoscope.com. “Schedule time to go with a friend to coffee—and don't invite anyone else!” It can be difficult for Aquarius to get in tune with their emotions, especially when surrounded by others, so carving out time for more individual relationships is key for allowing them to explore their heart and minds. Next, Aquarius should learn to “agree to disagree”. This stubborn, headstrong sign finds it extremely challenging to accept when others don’t agree with them. Sometimes it’s essential to stand up for what you believe in, but most of the time it’s our differences of opinion that make the world go around. “Agree to disagree, even if it's over a major political difference.” One of the darker sides to Aquarius is that they can be a little selfish. To reverse bad karma from potentially self-serving thinking, “do something important to someone else”. “You prioritise your own stuff. No shame. But once in a while, go to something you think sounds horrible - just because you know it's important to someone else that you be there.” It might just strengthen a relationship too. One of Aquarius’ most significant characteristics is their lofty attitude to the future; this is a forward-thinking sign who may even be classed as a visionary. Although this is a fantastic quality in so many ways, Aquarius finds it difficult to stay balanced and rooted. Horoscope.com stated: “Taking the time to look back and connect with someone you have happy memories with from the past can help ground you.” Sending a "Thinking of you" message to a childhood friend or former colleague is the perfect way to start. Finally, while Aquarius is not one for grudges, as they require dealing with deeper emotions than this sign is comfortable with, “they do remember a lot of disagreements and hurt feelings”, and do not forgive too readily. If Aquarius learns to “let go”, abundance will come to them.