NCIS’s most recent Hawaiian spin-off will return to CBS with another action-packed episode titled ‘Pirates.’ The team of Naval criminal investigators, led by Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey), may say a harrowing goodbye to their colleague Jesse Boone (Noah Mills) after an intense clue hinted at his death.  Throughout the series, Jesse has worked as Jane’s trustworthy right-hand man when it comes to solving the different, complex investigations. His prior experience with the police force and three years at D.C.’s Joint Robbery Task Force made him an irreplaceable asset on the team. Despite his successes, fans will recall the one unsolved Georgetown University case which consistently crops up in his mind, as a result he asks the lab to run the DNA found on the student body once a year in hopes of finding a match. Thanks to an upcoming promo clip from NCIS Hawaii, it looks as though fans will see more from Jesse, but after a harrowing clue, it could also be his last episode. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Liv Flaherty discovers she’s pregnant? The network released a synopsis for episode 15 which reads: “As Jesse enjoys a day sailing with his daughter, Gracie (Chloe Csengery), pirates suddenly seize their yacht, take all the passengers hostage and attack Jesse, leaving it up to his team to quickly locate and rescue his daughter.” The action-packed episode will be a major storyline for Jesse and provide fans with an insight into his relationship with his daughter Gracie. Although not a lot is known about Jesse and his personal relationships, a sneak peek clip hinted at a troubled connection with the teenager. While Jesse and the other children on board the yacht seemed to be enjoying the trip, Gracie looked as though she’d rather be elsewhere.  After struggling to tie a knot, she informed her father a friend had invited her to go camping next week, even though Jesse had signed up for them to go sailing for six weeks. Their relationship proved to be troubled after Gracie reminded him, she only enjoyed sailing as a child. She also felt as though her father was being overbearing by not allowing her to go camping with a group of 17-year-olds, despite their agreed rule as she was only 15. However, this was when Jess noticed an approaching boat was in distress after the person on board was waving their arms to get his attention.  DON'T MISS...The Last of the Summer Wine: What happened to the cast? [INSIGHT]Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series 'No-brainer' [INSIGHT]NCIS Hawaii fans swoon over Tennant and Kai’s romance clue ‘So cute!' [REACTION] Another clip showed Vanessa with the team at the headquarters on the phone to Jesse, whose call kept dipping. They were trying to figure out how to help him after the sailing class’ yacht had been held up by pirates. On the call, the crew overheard Jesse trying to convince the pirates to let the kids go free at a nearby island, however, they weren’t having any of it. The NCIS team were also struggling to locate the yacht as they tried to figure out if they were after something or someone.  As the pirates forced everyone on board to sit on the deck, Jesse attempted to take a gun off one of the attackers, however, it didn’t end well. The captor retaliated by pushing Jesse away and shockingly the agent fell into the sea. Everyone on board except Jesse was wearing a life jacket and with the NCIS nowhere to be seen, he only had a few seconds before drowning to death. In what could be his last ever episode, fans will have to tune in to see if Jesse will meet his demise or if he and the children will be rescued in time. NCIS Hawaii is available on CBS in the USA. A UK release date hasn't been announced. 