Demi Moore, 59, and Bruce Willis were married for 13 years in the late 1980s and early 1990s. However, even after their divorce, the pair remained close friends. Demi even shared a sweet message for Bruce’s birthday recently. Demi and Bruce wed back in 1987 and the pair have three daughters together. They co-parent Rumer Glenn Willis, Scout LaRue Willis and Tallulah Belle Willis. However, they later filed for divorce in 1998 before separating in 2000. Despite their split, they’ve remained a “blended family” ever since.  Celebrating this recently, the Indecent Proposal actress shared a picture of her and Bruce. In this, she could be seen holding a board full of food while the pair beamed. Demi wrote: “Happy birthday, Bruce! Thankful for our blended family.” Bruce recently celebrated turning 67 after his birthday on Saturday.  Following the post, the stars were inundated with support from their friends and followers. Marlene King wrote: “All the love to you both. Happy Birthday Bruce.” Rita Wilson commented: “Happy Birthday, Bruce!!!! Love to you all!” Tyler Florence added: “Wow!!! Beautiful Morels !” (sic) DON'T MISS... 'Will miss it!' Lorraine Kelly devastated at show cancellation [INSIGHT]Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma [PICTURES]Strictly's Dianne Buswell bids farewell after time away with Joe Sugg [VIDEO]   While Bruce’s current wife Emma Heming Willis shared some love heart emojis. Demi has been married three times, with her first wedding to singer Freddy Moore taking place back in 1981. She was just 18 at the time and the pair stayed together for two years. The Hollywood star was engaged to actor Emilio Estevez after this but later called off their wedding. In 2003, Demi started dating actor Ashton Kutcher, with the pair marrying in 2005.  They stayed together until 2013, when they were granted a divorce. Bruce was engaged to actress Brooke Burns in 2004 but they later broke up. Since 2009, he has been married to model Emma. They have two daughters together, Mabel, nine, and Evelyn, seven. 