Ten-year-old Marley's injuries were so severe he had to be put down following the attack in Montrose, Scotland. Gary Donald, 48, had taken his pet for a short walk near his home at around 10.45pm last Saturday. The retired firefighter was walking Marley on the lead on Garrison Road when two Staffordshire Bull Terrier type dogs appeared. Mr Donald told the Daily Record: "It was horrendous. I wouldn't wish it on anybody. "I came out the house and we went down the street to a grassy area so Marley could pee. We were walking back down the street when all of a sudden I saw two dogs come out of nowhere. "I thought they were just going for a sniff, but by the time my brain actually computed what was going on the two dogs were on top of Marley. "I started screaming, shouting and swearing, trying to get them off - but all I had to hand was my extendable lead. "The dogs were going for my dog, they were chewing him and snarling at him. They were in kill mode. "Then all of a sudden two folk came from nowhere and tried to grab the dogs off Marley. "They never said anything to me while I was shouting telling them to get them off, but one of them finally managed to one of the dogs off of him, then just took off. READ MORE: Tiny puppy who couldn't use back legs dumped in rucksack in woods "Eventually the second guy managed to get the other dog off Marley - but then it got loose again and went back for a second helping - and that's when Marley yelped. "I can still hear that noise. It was nothing like I've ever heard in my life." When the second dog was pulled off Marley, Mr Donald saw how bad his injuries were. He said: "When he managed to get onto his back feet I realised his right leg was just swinging about, hanging off. DON'T MISSRSPCA must prosecute Zouma for cat cruelty, says CAROLE MALONE [COMMENT]Heartbreak as 'smashing' dog still not adopted after 500 days [INSIGHT]Animal abusers to face £5,000 fines under strict new welfare law [ANALYSIS] "I managed to get him down the street and frantically phoned my wife to get in touch with a vet. "At that point I realised his neck had been ripped from him and it was just flapping about. From his neck down to his chest, it was just like a bib hanging off of him." Mr Donald and his wife Lesley rushed Marley to the vets but he could not be saved. Mr Donald said: "When we got home we just couldn't process what had happened. It's bad enough losing your dog, but to lose him that way was just horrific. "It's a couple of days on and we're still crying, we're still looking at photos. It's just wrecked us. "He was just a really loving and caring dog - he brought a lot of joy. He just loved his cuddles. The love that he gave was unconditional. "For anyone to lose a pet is heartbreaking - but to be taken from us like that, so viciously. It's devastating. Police have launched a probe into the incident. A Police Scotland spokesperson said: “Anyone who may have witnessed the incident or has any information which could assist the investigation, should contact police via 101.” 