It is, however, very real. Real for the young men having to pick up arms to defend their communities and families. Real for the new mother giving birth in an underground shelter. Real for the families separated by the horror of Putin’s aggression as they leave their homes and make the journey to neighbouring countries. Like everyone else I have been watching the footage sent back by our brave journalists from Kyiv and other besieged cities. The loss of human life is difficult to take in as we observe the shelling of civilian areas. Putin is a war criminal, not just for what he has done to the people and the country of Ukraine, but for what he is doing to his own citizens. Those young underprepared Russians, many of whom do not know why they are fighting, are being sent to their death by their glorious leader. They are the cannon fodder for his warped and twisted dream of a greater Russia. It has been said that Russian losses are more in a week than the British army lost in 20 years in Afghanistan. If you are the mother of a young 18-year-old Russian drafted in to go to fight in Ukraine, surely you must be asking what is this all for? We have seen stories of Russian mothers objecting to the war in Ukraine, but Putin and his cronies are making it very difficult for any dissent to manifest itself by clamping down on protests and introducing a law which does not allow any criticism of the “special military operation” in Ukraine – if you do dare to criticise you are liable to get 15 years in prison. Putin has opened, we are told, humanitarian corridors for civilians but that’s only if they go to Belarus or Russia itself, not to EU or NATO countries. The Ukrainians are saying President Macron and the other Western leaders are being manipulated by the so-called humanitarian ceasefire to allow the evacuation of civilians. They mention Macron as the Russians announced these corridors after a call from Macron to Putin. Even when Putin is trying to look as if he cares he shows he doesn’t, but instead tries to divide Western leaders. The Ukrainian people led by their redoubtable president have been amazing in their resistance to Putin. Thankfully our government have been training Ukrainians for this eventuality since 2014 and we are providing lethal defence equipment which has been proving quite effective. The Ukrainians have managed to stall the Russian forces with the use of anti-tank weapons. However, the scale of the Russian army will be difficult to hold off no matter how resilient and determined the Ukrainian people are. What then is Putin’s end goal? Before the invasion we were told that Putin was only interested in the Donbas region where separatists had declared they did not want to be part of Ukraine. He was, we were told, only defending ethnic Russians in eastern Ukraine. Putin however in an essay last July gave us the clear warning that Western governments should have been very concerned about. He told us that Russians and Ukrainians are one people and that Russia was robbed. His imperialism was there for all to see. He has now made his move. But even if he wins the war how will he hold the peace when he has annihilated the infrastructure and killed his so-called Russian brothers in Ukraine? How does he expect to have a peaceful Ukraine after murdering so many of its citizens? Also, what does his aggression say to other authoritarian regimes around the world? So many questions remain unanswered as the humanitarian disaster continues. Ronald Regan when asked in 1988 what his strategy was on the Cold War with Russia, said “Here’s my strategy on the cold war – We win, they lose”. In recent days Boris Johnson has echoed that by saying “Putin must fail”. The PM is right, Putin must fail, but how are we going to make sure that happens? I hope the PM and his colleagues around the Western world are focusing on that answer and little else.