Kate and Koji returns to ITV tonight (March 16) and the series begins with Lockdown Legends. Kate (played by Brenda Blethyn) is due to receive an award for her selflessness during the pandemic. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who will join her in the TV show's season two premiere. Cafe owner Kate has been given an award for her hard work but as Councillor Bone is going to present it, she refuses to collect it. Once again the strong-willed working-class woman is played by Brenda Blethyn. The 76-year-old actress is also known for playing the title character in ITV's Vera. The award-winning star is married to Michael Mayhew, and her other credits include Pride & Prejudice, Clubland and Saving Grace. She told Radio Times regarding the new series: "For all the characters, the cafe is a bit of a refuge for them all. "[Kate] is prejudiced against ridiculous things like yodelling, things like that. But at the heart, she's a good woman and she would not stand anyone racially prejudiced. Certainly not Koji."  Koji is an African asylum-seeking doctor who befriends Kate in the first series. He was initially played by Jimmy Akingbola, but due to film schedule conflicts, Okorie Chukwu has taken over the role. Okorie is an actor and producer who has previously starred in My Mad Fat Diary and War of the Worlds. Speaking to The British Blacklist, he said: "I felt I clicked with Koji instantly when I read the script. That I knew his voice. "He is a stand-up guy. He cares for people, loves what he does. He is a grounding spirit and yet his world is upside down. "He goes through challenging moments and I saw an opportunity to play the comedy then dive in and bring out his sensitivity, determination or rebellion which I feel is a great dynamic I have always enjoyed in roles." READ MORE: Brenda Blethyn's co-star opens up on working with Vera actress Kate's nephew works as a decorator in the series and he is played by Blake Harrison. Blake is a 36-year-old English actor who is married with two children. He is best known for playing Neil Sutherland in The Inbetweeners. The star has also appeared in The Great, Trust Me and Big Bad World.  The snobbish council member is Kate's nemesis and she is played by Barbara Flynn. Barbara is a 73-year-old English actress and mother-of-one who has previously starred in Crackler and Chandler & Co. Her other credits include The Durrells and Pat & Cabbage. Mr Mullholland is a regular at the cafe and he is played by Victor McGuire. Victor is a 57-year-old actor who played Jack Boswell in Bread. He also starred in Goodnight Sweetheart and Sean's Show.  Not much is known about Melanie in the series but she is played by Zahra Ahmadi. Zahra is a 39-year-old Persian actress from Plymouth who is known for playing the original Shabnam Massoud in EastEnders. Her other credits include Britz and Berlin Station. DON'T MISS... Vera's Brenda Blethyn quashes past fears of 'saying wrong thing' [INTERVIEW] Brenda Blethyn shares behind the scenes after 'fake' show query [INSIGHT] Vera's Brenda Blethyn details 'challange' of new role away from Vera [INTERVIEW] The postman will return for the second season and he is played by Gary Lammin. The London-born actor is known for his TV roles in EastEnders, The Bill and Underworld.  Mika is one of the new characters in the second season and Gina Bramhill plays the role. She is a 32-year-old English actress known for Being Human, Brief Encounters and Us. Nick will return in the new season and he is played by Kris Saddler. The actor and producer has featured in Adult Material, Not Going Out and Doctors. The second season is made up of six episodes and they will air weekly on Wednesday evenings. Season two will continue to feature other famous guest stars, including Claire Skinner and Chizzy Akudolu. Actress Blethyn said she was excited to work with such a range of talent.  Kate and Koji airs on ITV on Wednesdays at 9pm.