Dan Walker, 44, took to Twitter yesterday to express his concern after Carol Kirkwood made an appearance in the BBC Breakfast studio. It comes as the BBC Weather favourite usually films her forecasts away from the main studio. The presenter shared a picture of himself and Carol sitting alongside their co-star Sally Nugent to mark the surprise visit. Dan and Carol could be seen smiling broadly, while Sally had a look of surprise on her face. He captioned the snap: “I’m not entirely sure what @carolkirkwood said to @sallynugent here but it was lovely to have her in the #BBCBreakfast studio this morning.” Carol soon replied to the tweet, while fans heaped praise on the BBC Breakfast team. READ MORE: Strictly's Motsi Mabuse unleashes fury on Ukraine remarks Not giving anything away about her secret chat with Sally, the cheeky weather presenter said: “Was SO LOVELY to be there,” alongside some heart emojis. Twitter user LydiaroseJ added: “Always look forward to seeing u in the morning + Carol love your reports on the weather + Dan are u missing your friend? “But Sally u doing good keep giving us the news please will Done u lot.” (sic) Stacyth73173385 said: “Good to see all 3 of you together in the studio.” Sos_beachcare penned: “What a lovely photo of the 3 of you - a fab team. Best wishes all of you.” Longden_al typed: “She looked stunning - love here weather updates.”(sic) The BBC Breakfast studio has recently seen a key change take place for the first time in two years. The presenters have been allowed to sit next to each other again after being forced to stay apart due to social distancing restrictions being in place ever since the Covid pandemic hit the UK in 2020. DON'T MISS...Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby [INSIGHT]James Jordan and Shirley Ballas row over reaction to Ukraine crisis [LATEST]Ralf Little opens up on 'difficult decision' over disappointing news [VIDEO] But, as the Government removed all coronavirus restrictions in England last month, Dan and Sally were seen sitting closer together again. Dan shared the news on Instagram alongside a snap of himself and Sally sitting together on the famous red BBC Breakfast sofa. He penned in view of his 272,000 followers: “Good morning world. “Yes… we are sitting closer together for the first time in two years. “I hope you’re ok this morning. We have a busy #BBCBreakfast with the very latest on the war in Ukraine and the rest of the news.” Co-presenter Sally reposted the picture on her Instagram story. She captioned the snap, “Good mornin.” (Sic) All remaining Covid restrictions have been removed in England as part of Boris Johnson’s Living With Covid plan.