Wolves ace Adama Traore could decide to move to Tottenham this summer if Barcelona don’t exercise their option to sign him on a permanent basis. The winger joined the Catalans on loan in January but has since started just three La Liga games. Traore joined Wolves from Middlesbrough in 2018 after the Black Country side stumped up a club-record £18million to match his release clause. And the 26-year-old has built a formidable reputation as one of the most threatening attacking players in the Premier League due to his power and pace. During the 2019/20 season, Traore terrorised the Manchester City defence on the two occasions the Citizens faced Wolves in the Premier League. In the clash at Molineux, Traore scored twice as Wolves won 2-0 and in the showdown at the Etihad Stadium, the star produced a goal and an assist as Wanderers triumphed 3-2. Since illustrating his prodigious talents against some of the best defenders in Europe, Traore has been linked with a whole host of top clubs. Spurs looked set to sign the star in January after reportedly putting in an offer worth over £20m. But the player eventually opted to join Barcelona until the end of this season. READ MORE: Kylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt Traore has played 10 times for Barca and has started all four of his side’s Europa League clashes. He is competing with Ousmane Dembele for a place in the Barcelona team, with boss Xavi opting to start the France international in four of the last five league games. Dembele is out of contract in the summer and had looked set to be heading for the Nou Camp exit. But if Xavi thinks the 24-year-old still has a future in Spain and can persuade him to sign a new deal, Traore could be surplus to requirements. And Spurs could therefore reignite their interest in him. DON'T MISSArsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks heldErik ten Hag's first two Man Utd signings should follow him from AjaxAchraf Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Lionel Messi and Neymar 'don't speak to him'  Former France international Lilian Thuram thinks his compatriot will stay where he is this summer. “Dembele is a great player and, consequently, he must play in a great team – Barca is,” Thuram said. “Barca players have to understand that playing in a great team is always an important thing. In the end he will value all this.” And the ex-right-back also revealed that Barcelona manager Xavi has the brains to make the right decisions. “When he was a player, [he] already showed a lot of intelligence,” Thuram added. Traore still has another year left on his Wolves contract but appears to have no interest in remaining in the Black Country. So if he returns to England at the end of the season, Spurs could well snap him up. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 