Operation ‘Python’ was created back in 1986 at the height of the Cold War as a plan to evacuate senior Government figures and royals to different parts of the country. There are secret locations dotted all over the UK, from yachts to secret bunkers to a passenger ferry on a Scottish loch, according to OK! Magazine. An underground bunker was built for the Prime Minister plus a select number of other people in Corsham in the Chiltern Hills. With enough supplies and communication equipment to keep everyone going, it was hoped the country would eventually be able to rebuild itself. However, the location of the underground shelter has since been made public, so it would now be unable to fulfil its purpose. Other nuclear bunkers have reportedly been sold off as the threat of nuclear war diminished.  If a level three ‘catastrophic emergency’, such as a nuclear attack or natural disaster, were to strike, there are still plans in place to keep the most senior royals safe. But Operation ‘Candid’, drawn up by the Cabinet Office, Civil Contingencies Secretariat, Ministry of Defence and diplomatic protection, naturally have to be kept secret. What is known is that the royals will likely be dispersed away from London.  READ MORE: Zara Tindall and Princess Anne's history with horses: Found 'freedom' They would not be taken to known royal residencies, such as Balmoral or Sandringham. The direct line of succession needs to be kept safe, meaning Prince Charles, Prince William, Kate Middleton and their children as well as the Queen would be protected. Nuclear journalist Julie McDowall believes the idea of spreading our leaders around in different places would be the best way to ensure our Government would still exist after nuclear war, reported the I.  DON'T MISS:Camilla breaks royal protocol with 'stunning' Commonwealth Day outfit [ROYAL FASHION]Royals in 'difficult position' as Kate and William in Ukraine support [INSIGHT]Megxit sparks rethink of duties for senior royals [REVEAL] Windsor Castle once had a nuclear bunker that would have been used to shelter the royals during an attack. It was built underneath the staterooms in a converted coal bunker, as Cold War nuclear fears began to grow after the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962. There was even a bomb pressure indicator on the castle lawn, which would have enabled scientists to monitor the blast wave and the level of devastation outside the castle walls. However the shelter was destroyed when a fire devastated Windsor Castle in 1992.