NATO has further stepped up its support for Ukraine in recent weeks, with supplies flowing over the border from the country's member neighbours. So far, the support has primarily manifested in weapons and technology for the Ukrainian soldiers who have ruthlessly defended their nation, with no troop commitment as of yet. But that doesn't mean the organisation has asked its forces to stand idly by, as the USAF presence shows. Over the last month, B-52 Stratofortress bombers have regularly taken to the skies over Gloucestershire. Pilots are ferrying the eight-engine goliaths between the Fairford and Brize Norton RAF bases. Four have settled at Fairford, which serves as a European base for the USAF. They have connected with forces from other NATO allies as the organisation braces for further fallout from the Ukraine crisis. READ MORE: Putin on brink as China tipped to put foot down over ‘escalation’  In a brief statement posted earlier this week, the USAF announced the B-52s hailed from the 5th Bomb Wing of the Minot AFB, North Dakota. They conducted a "series of integration flights" with their counterparts in Romania, Greece and Italy on March 7. Their "integration" in the skies above Europe helped provide "crucial close air support training". The training comprised of "bilateral operations and bomber aircraft intercept procedures", the statement added. USAF Europe chief and NATO Allied Air Command Commander General Jeff Harrigian had discussed the opportunity for his forces earlier this week. He said training together had become "critical" during a "difficult time". Training together, he added, ensured its power remains "unmatched" while Russia postures in the east. Under their proposals, they would send their supply to the US airbase in Ramstein, Germany. In return, Warsaw requested that the US “provide us with used aircraft with corresponding operational capabilities". Mr Blinken had announced the US would consider backfilling Poland's supply with US-made F-16s. But by Tuesday, the proposal appeared to have collapsed, with Pentagon officials dismissing it as a possibility. Pentagon press secretary John Kirby said fulfilling the request would have implications for the NATO alliance as a whole. In a statement, he told reporters that outfitting Ukraine with fighter jets "at the disposal of the government of the United States of America" could draw it into conflict. Mr Kirby said jets departing from a US/NATO airbase into "contested" air space would raise "serious concerns for the entire NATO alliance". He added: "It is simply not clear to us that there is a substantive rationale for it." "We do not believe Poland’s proposal is a tenable one.” Ukrainian pilots, who have the necessary training to fly Russian-made MiGs, have suffered significant losses since the invasion commenced two weeks ago. Officials have requested other countries support them by sending over aircraft to fill the void. Slovakia and Bulgaria, which also have MiG supplies, have not offered theirs.