Pensioners may be able to get their Council Tax bill discounted depending on their circumstances. Council Tax Reduction could potentially provide a big saving for those who claim it. Council Tax Reduction replaced Council Tax Benefit in April 2013. It can be claimed by both homeowners as well as those who rent their home. Both employed and unemployed people could get a Council Tax Reduction. Those who live in Northern Ireland are not eligible to apply. READ MORE: Pensioners urged to claim £3,000 DWP benefit as cost of living crisis continues to bite People who receive Pension Credit may be able to get a discount on their bill through Council Tax Reduction. Pension Credit is a benefit which can be claimed by pensioners who are on lower incomes. There are two elements to Pension Credit, which are Guarantee Credit and Savings Credit. Each element provides a different level of support. Pension Credit provides a weekly income boost, and can also automatically entitle claimants to other benefits, including help with their Council Tax. In fact, recipients of Guarantee Credit could get their council tax paid in full. DON'T MISSState pension fury as older people get £2,251 LESS income a year - ‘pure discrimination' [REACTION]NHS prescription charges from April 2022 confirmed but free prescription age fears remain [WARNING]Debt management: Money problems? Three ways to take control of your personal finances [INSIGHT] Other forms of support include: The exact amount of support someone can get towards their Council Tax bill can be different from one person to the next. This can be dependent on which part of the UK they live in, as local councils are responsible for operating their own schemes. It can also be dictated by: To find out if someone may be eligible for a Council Tax Reduction, they must apply to their relevant council. Britons can use the Government website to check which council they are a part of. Once the website has matched them to the relevant council, they will then be able to click through to that council’s website. Applications for Pension Credit can be made through the Gov.uk website. Alternatively, people can apply by phone or by post.