As the war in Ukraine rages on, many are fleeing the country in search of safety. Gov.uk provides up-to-date information on how Ukrainian nationals and their family members can obtain a visa. There is a Ukrainian Family Scheme in place to help Ukrainian nationals get a visa if they already have family in the UK. The Ukraine Family Scheme allows family members of British nationals, UK settled persons and certain others to come to or stay in the UK. This visa is free to apply for and allows people the right to live, work and study in the UK and access public funds. Under this scheme, You can stay in the UK for up to 3 years. To apply to the Ukraine Family Scheme you must: be applying to join or accompany your UK-based family member; and be Ukrainian or the immediate family member of a Ukrainian national who is applying to the scheme; and have been residing in Ukraine on or immediately before 1 January 2022 (including those who have now left Ukraine). Your family member must be a British national, be someone who is settled in the UK with indefinite leave to remain, settled status of proof of permanent residents, or someone from the EU, Iceland Liechtenstein, Norway ro Switzerland who had pre-settled status and started living in the UK before January 1 2021. Family members also fit the criteria if they have refugee status or humanitarian protection in the UK. READ MORE: How many people have applied for Ukraine Family Scheme? Key figures Ukrainian people who do not have family in the UK can apply to visit, work, study or join a family in the UK under the Ukraine Sponsorship Scheme (Homes for Ukraine). The Ukraine Sponsorship Scheme allows Ukrainian nationals and their family members to come to the UK if they have a named sponsor under the Homes for Ukraine Scheme. This scheme is free to apply for and allows people the right to live, work, study and access public funds in the UK. To apply to the scheme you must be Ukrainian or the immediate family member of a Ukrainian national who: has been residing in Ukraine on or immediately before 1 January 2022 (including those who have now left Ukraine) is currently outside the UK has a UK-based sponsor who is eligible for the Homes for Ukraine Scheme. An immediate family member is categorised as a spouse or civil partner, an unmarried partner who you have been living together in a relationship with for at least two years, a child under 18, a parent of a child under 18 or a fiancé or proposed civil partner. Safeguarding checks will be in place and those who are eligible for the scheme will be able to stay in the UK for up to three years. DON'T MISSLondon power cut: Full list of post codes affected [INSIGHT]Boris demands nothing less than full withdrawal of Putin's forces [REPORT]Am I eligible to host a Ukrainian family in the UK? [EXPLAINER] Ukrainians already in the UK with a visa will be able to extend their stay by extending their visa or switching to another immigration route, where eligible, even if their visa does not normally allow them to do so. According to Gov.uk: "From 3 May 2022, you will be able to apply to the Ukraine Extension Scheme if you’re a Ukrainian national who had permission to stay in the UK on or before 18 March 2022. Your partner and children can also apply if they’re already in the UK as your ‘dependants’. "If you previously had permission to stay in the UK but it has expired since January 1, 2022, you’ll also be eligible to apply." Those on a visitor visa will be able to apply to switch to another visa, however, they need to meet the requirements of that immigration route. Skilled workers on a visa that is due to expire can apply to extend their leave or apply for settlement if they see the Immigration Rules. Students, again, can apply to extend their visitor, switch to a Graduate Visa, or another type of visa if eligible. Seasonal workers can extend their visa up to December 31, 2022. Gov.uk states: "You must continue working in a job permitted by the Seasonal Worker route, with the same Scheme Operator (your sponsor). "You do not need to do anything. UKVI will work with your Immigration Sponsor to progress your visa extension. You’ll receive a notification from the Home Office that this concession applies to you." Those here on HGV drier visas can also extend their visa until December 31, 2022, but must continue working in their current occupation. The same rules apply to those who are here on a Pork Butcher visa, under the Seasonal Work visa route. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea If you need to travel o the UK urgently for compassionate reasons, Gov.uk advises people to "apply for a visa in the usual way at the nearest Visa Application Centre (VAC)". However, VACs in Ukraine are currently closed. VACs are currently operating throughout Europe including: You can upload supporting documents for your application online before attending your VAC appointment or you can have your documents uploaded at your appointment. There is a fee for uploading your documents at the VAC.