Tom Allen hosted the National Comedy Awards for Stand Up To Cancer which aired on Channel 4 on Saturday. The annual event came after a clip resurfaced from Jimmy Carr's Netflix special His Dark Material where he made a joke about the Holocaust as part of his routine. The stand-up comedian's remarks have sparked outrage from members of the public and celebrities alike, and Tom took a swipe at Jimmy during the awards ceremony.   "It’s been a tough few years for everybody," the The Apprentice You're Fired host said during his opening speech. "Speaking on behalf of comedians, our thriving industry was thrown into disarray, as comedy clubs and theatres were left as empty as Prince Andrew’s diary, so good of him to take the heat off Jimmy Carr," he remarked. The jibes towards Jimmy did not stop there, with Tom - who's a regular guest on 8 Out Of 10 Cats - adding: "We hoped Jimmy Carr would present this award, but he is still recovering from a nasty bout of career suicide." Despite the many punches thrown at Jimmy, comedian Katherine Ryan emphasised the importance of protecting the genre of "roast comedy" when she collected her accolade for outstanding female comedy entertainment performance. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Liv Flaherty discovers she’s pregnant?  Speaking about her appearances on shows hosted by Jimmy, such as 8 Out Of 10 Cats, Katherine explained: "It will be 10 years in May since I first appeared on 8 Out Of 10 Cats – most of me first appeared on 8 Out Of 10 Cats. "It evolved into 8 Out Of 10 Cats Does Countdown, and I always looked forward to the bit where Jimmy Carr would give me the roast joke, you know? "That’s a genre of comedy that he happens to be best at." The 38-year-old comic added: "I think it’s really important that we all protect that genre even if people get offended by it.   "So thank you to 8 Out Of 10 Cats Does Countdown, Jimmy Carr and thank you to all the men that let me be on their Channel 4 shows," she concluded. The arena erupted in applause as she made her way off the stage and back to her seat. Jimmy's Netflix special was released on the streaming giant on Christmas Day but the clip about the Holocaust came to light more widely when it was shared on social media. The 49-year-old comic introduced his show as being a "career-ender" and warned his audience his routine contained "terrible things". DON'T MISS...Katherine Ryan fiercely defends Jimmy Carr after backlash [VIDEO]The Last Leg guest sparks fury as she compares Jimmy Carr to Putin  [MUST SEE]Jack Dee hits out at comedy cancel culture [REACTION]  The Holocaust Memorial Day Trust has described Jimmy's routine as "truly disturbing" for making light of the murders of hundreds of thousands of people from traveller communities. Up to 500,000 Roman and Sinti people were killed by the Nazis during the Second World War, according to the trust. Olivia Marks-Woldman, the charity's chief executive, said: "We are absolutely appalled at Jimmy Carr's comment about persecution suffered by Roma and Sinti people under Nazi oppression, and horrified that gales of laughter followed his remarks.  "Hundreds of thousands of Roma and Sinti people suffered prejudice, slave labour, sterilisation and mass murder simply because of their identity - these are not experiences for mockery." Celebrities such as Rob Rinder and Jay Rayner have also slammed Jimmy's remarks. Netflix, which has been urged to remove the special, declined to comment on the matter. Jimmy has also not commented on his remarks in the special. The National Comedy Awards is now available to watch on All4. 