Mr Zelensky has demanded that the EU issue a complete ban on the purchase of Russian oil and gas, which is currently being used to fund Putin’s war effort in Ukraine. Energy is Russia’s biggest export, is one of the only commodities left broadly untouched by EU sanctions so far.  The biggest reason for this is that the EU is heavily reliant on Russia for its energy supply, as Moscow provides the bloc with about 40 percent of its gas. Speaking to the Economist, the Ukrainian President issued a scary warning, saying that the bloc may wait for Putin to use chemical weapons on Russia before sanctioning Russian energy. He said: “The first thing is to put yourselves in our place and act pre-emptively. “We are hearing that the decision depends on whether Russia launches a chemical attack on us.  “This is not the right approach. We are not guinea pigs.” Despite publishing an energy strategy detailing how the bloc will scupper energy ties with Putin, the EU has still yet to follow the UK and the US in sanctioning Russian oil. Politico reports that some diplomats have hinted at the possibility that oil will be sanctioned but gas left off the table as this would be less damaging for the EU's economy. Germany, one of the most reliant of the bunch as Russia supplies around 40 percent of its gas imports, is reportedly pushing back against the calls for energy sanctions. READ MORE: Putin starts clock on EU energy threat and sets deadline for gas cut Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki previously said: “Fully cutting off Russia’s trade would further force Russia to consider whether it would be better to stop this cruel war.” Germany, the bloc’s largest economy, has come under increasing pressure from countries like Poland to stop all energy imports from Russia. However, Berlin has refused these calls, with Vice-Chancellor Robert Habeck warning that it’s “still too early” for a complete ban on Russian energy. EU leaders know just how important the energy exports are for Russia, as a top bloc diplomat reassures that Putin won’t cut gas supplies. DON'T MISS: Solar storm warning: NASA predicts direct Earth hit from 'fast' impact [REVEAL]Lithuania breaks ranks to set example by 'abandoning' Russia energy [SPOTLIGHT] Flurona: Patients with Covid and flu at higher risk of death [REPORT]