Kate Middleton stepped out in a bright green dress to board the plane and leave Jamaica. The Duchess of Cambridge swept her hair up into a chic low bun to display a beautiful hummingbird brooch that she had been lent by the Queen for the occasion. The brooch itself holds deep significance with Jamaica and has not been worn in public before.  The Duchess was photographed wearing an Emilia Wickstead green dress as she and the Duke of Cambridge headed to their next destination. This is not a new dress, she wore it last to Wimbledon in 2021, and is priced at £1,380. As for the brooch, it was gifted to the Queen by the people of Jamaica in commemoration of her Golden Jubilee back in 2002. The piece features black Jamaican granite in its head, a sapphire for the eye, green Jamaican marble for its body, 18 carat yellow gold in its feathers and talon as well as sterling silver in its distinctive tail streamers. READ MORE: Prince William's heartbreaking promise to Diana left her in tears It has a total of 10 brilliant diamonds at the streamers ends. The flower in its beak is composed of rubies for its petals and a brilliant diamond at the centre of the flower. The flower is set in 18-carat gold while the rest of the brooch is set in platinum. The brooch is approximately 4.5 inches in length and 1.75 inches at its widest point. DON'T MISS...Queen urged to axe Prince Harry role as monarch faces 'unthinkable' [INSIDER]Fergie branded 'disaster of a royal' as she is to be left out of Crown [NEWS]Dr Shola rages at Prince William in Jamaica ‘people don’t understand' [VIDEO] The brooch has not been publicly worn by the Queen, and before today was thought to be held by the Royal Collection Trust. While beautifully worn as a brooch, it can also be converted into a hat pin. Kate donned a pair of Kiki McDonough Yellow Gold Diamond Hoop Earrings to accessorize the outfit. They feature a dazzling citrine cushion drop on an elegant 18ct yellow gold and diamond hoop.  The Duchess also wore her Gianvito Rossi 105 heel pumps in the colour 'bisque'. The stunning shoes retail for a whopping £560, and are a regular choice for the royal. Kate tied her hair up effortlessly in a low bun for her plane journey to the Bahamas. She also wore some brown eyeshadow and a pale pink lip to complete her outfit. Royal fans took to Twitter to exclaim their joy at Kate's bold outfit. Twitter user @cadimamartins said: "It's a different look but always very elegant and adorable." Another Twitter user @yolandathomasm2 wrote: "So regal." Royal fan, @samgrac79203530 added: "Love that she is wearing special jewellery to mark the occasions on behalf of Her Majesty The Queen. "I can sense a small nod of approval when the Queen sees the photos. "All about duty and respect."