Manchester United have reportedly been made aware of what Mauricio Pochettino wants in order to come in as their next manager this summer. The Red Devils have already begun the process of finding their new boss with Ralf Rangnick increasingly unlikely to stay in charge. The German joined on an interim basis after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was sacked and has steadied the ship at Old Trafford. But a run of just two wins from their last six league games leaves a top-four finish currently out of their hands. Securing Champions League football for next season is seen as a must as the club face a huge summer of change. A host of players including Edinson Cavani and Paul Pogba are set to leave as free agents while Cristiano Ronaldo's future remains uncertain. JUST IN: Ex-Tottenham star's Pochettino verdict in Man Utd hunt - EXCLUSIVE  But United's biggest change will come in the dugout where Pochettino is among several candidates to take over. The Argentine has long been linked with a switch to Old Trafford and there may well be a chance this summer to bring him in. According to the Daily Mail, PSG owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi is 'ready to sack' Pochettino after Paris Saint-Germain were knocked out of the Champions League by Real Madrid. PSG were seemingly in control of the tie after Kylian Mbappe put them 2-0 up on aggregate, but Karim Benzema struck an incredible 17-minute hat-trick to put Real through. DON'T MISS  Al-Khelaifi remained tightlipped on Pochettino's future in Paris in the aftermath of the match saying: "The present is all I can deal with. As for the future, what will be will be." If PSG do axe Pochettino, that will open the door for United to swoop in and bring in a manager they've wanted for several years. Pochettino isn't the only option for United though with both Carlo Ancelotti and Erik ten Hag also being linked. However, the report adds that United will need to put Pochettino on the top of their wishlist to convince him of making the move to Old Trafford. Pochettino, speaking ahead of the Champions League tie, gave an insight to what United should expect if he takes over. "When you arrive at a club, a new club, it is always about agreeing things and trying to decide the best strategy to arrive where you want," he told BT Sport. "I'm always building knowing the culture of the club. Knowing how the fans love football, how the history of the club makes them who they are. All this is really important. "Of course it's important to stick with your ideas, but I think to arrive at a club like Tottenham was to respect the history of the club, respecting the taste of the fans and the culture. "That I think is the most important thing to start to build what you want. After, you can change small things that make you feel that you are part of the history and philosophy and ideas that you want to decide. "For me, the most important thing is to bring philosophy and tradition together when you arrive rather than to change everything and say 'that is the main idea and if you don't stick with this, it's impossible to win'."