Manchester United are currently weighing up their options when it comes to permanent replacements for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, who was sacked earlier in the season. Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag have long been frontrunners for the post, despite being contracted to Paris Saint-Germain and Ajax respectively. Yet Carlo Ancelotti is the latest name in the frame to take over. Manchester United thought Solskjaer was on the right track to achieve success when they gave him a new contract back in the summer. However, the Norwegian ultimately failed to get the best from his players - and summer signings Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo in particular. United then proceeded to place Rangnick in charge until the end of the campaign, with the German poised to become a consultant in the summer. And while Ten Hag and Pochettino have become established frontrunners in the race to take over, Ancelotti is now a new name under consideration. ESPN say Sir Alex Ferguson has advised appointing the Italian should Pochettino, in particular, end up failing to make the move. So Express Sport will now take a look at the three areas Ancelotti will likely look to address should he end up taking over. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United have seen Harry Maguire struggle for consistency ever since his move from Leicester in the summer of 2019. So, with that being the case, it’s likely Ancelotti will look to land a centre-back providing he gets the job. Antonio Rudiger would be one option for the Red Devils, with the Germany international’s Chelsea contract winding down. Ancelotti has been eyeing the centre-back during his time with Real Madrid but, if he returns to England, may then try and poach one of his old side’s best assets. Manuel Akanji has also been linked, though it’s unclear whether the 26-year-old would have the backing of the United managerial candidate. Eric Bailly and Phil Jones, meanwhile, are likely to be shown the door whoever is in charge. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message United want to land a new midfielder in the summer. And while Declan Rice is in their sights, Ancelotti could have his own transfer targets in mind when it comes to that area of their squad. In Casemiro, he already manages a world-class anchorman who would be tailor-made for the Premier League due to his many years of playing at the highest level. But given the Brazilian’s importance, United would potentially fare better by pursuing Federico Valverde instead. The Uruguay international has a huge £650million buyout clause but he often struggles to make the side over Casemiro, Luka Modric and Toni Kroos. Therefore, United could attempt to strike gold having been linked with a move for the player in the past. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United want to sign a new striker in this summer’s window, regardless of what happens with Cristiano Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani’s futures. And Ancelotti always likes proven goalscorers, no matter their age. Therefore, what about Karim Benzema? While the France international just gets increasingly better with age, he may find himself on the fringes of the action if Los Blancos are successful in their pursuits of Erling Haaland and Kylian Mbappe. Florentino Perez is used to moving on players as they enter the twilight years of their career and Benzema would likely be no exception, despite his obvious talent. He’s not much younger at the age of 34, admittedly. But, unlike Ronaldo and Cavani, the years haven’t caught up to the former Lyon star just yet. Speaking last year, meanwhile, Ancelotti confirmed he’d been approached by United after Sir Alex Ferguson revealed he’d been under consideration to take the job in 2013. “You want to know from me?” Ancelotti said of United’s approach. “I can say that I still keep a fantastic relationship with Sir Alex, and we met when he decided to stop (retire). “But I was close to Real Madrid, and so I appreciate the fact that at that time he talked to me. “And that’s it, no other opportunity (to manage United).”