Emmerdale viewers have been waiting for months for villain Meena Jutla (played by Paige Sandhu) to be brought to justice for her crimes. The evil nurse has killed a number of residents on the ITV soap including Leanna Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger), Andrea Tate (Anna Nightingale) and Ben Tucker (Simon Lennon). Meena didn't stop there either as she attempted to kill her own sister Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker) and Vinny Dingle (Bradley Johnson). After fleeing the village for a short spell, Meena came back with another plan and she ended up holding Billy Fletcher (Jay Kontzle) and Dawn Taylor (Olivia Bromley) at gunpoint. During the hostage situation, she also tried to kill Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi) by shooting her. However, despite finally being caught out for her crimes, Meena is still causing trouble from her prison cell. READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' In a new interview, Emmerdale writer and soap enthusiast, Sharon Marshall discussed why Meena had to be axed from the soap. Speaking with Phillip Schofield and Josie Gibson on Tuesday's This Morning, Sharon told the hosts Meena had committed too many crimes to stay in the soap. "You say, can she get away with things, obviously that would be the question," Phillip began. "But didn't you have a little analysis at work?" Sharon explained: "We do love the serial killers and go, 'Is there a way to keep them in? Can people get away with it?'" She continued: "So we said, 'is there a way legally she could go through this if she pleads a certain way?' and they went... the research team read out 25 counts of illegal activity that she’d done just on-screen that we knew about, probably more off-screen. "She’d broken the law 25 times, probably not, but can people testify, Manpreet we saw in the clip there she gets very emotional, she starts having a breakdown, she is utterly overwhelmed so can she actually do it?" Sharon also went on to discuss another big storyline coming up in the soap which involves Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock). "This is all going to be about a health battle as he has a stroke, working with the Stroke Association," Sharon explained. DON'T MISS...Carol McGiffin slams Prince Harry over safety woes 'Why's he special?' [VIDEO]Emmerdale twist as couple split following Dawn Taylor betrayal? [SPOILERS]Vera star opens up on rejection by TV bosses [INSIGHT] She said the charity has a member of the team on set so they can ensure the storyline is accurate. "You will see everything from his point of view," she added. "So, you will literally hear his thoughts in his head as he's panicking. "One of the things we want to do is get it across, how to act... is your face drooping? Can you raise your arms? Is your speech slurred? Time to call 999. "Long-running story but at the centre of it there's also hope and there's love and can we bring him back?" During Thursday night's double bill, Meena had her plea hearing in court. Manpreet, Liam, Charles (Kevin Mathurin) and Leyla all watched on as the nurse pled guilty to a number of her crimes. However, much to their horror, when it came to the murder charges, Meena pleaded not guilty. Viewers will have to wait until next week to see how the court scenes play out. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.