This week marks the 20th anniversary of the Queen Mother’s death. She passed away at her home in Windsor at the age of 101 while her older daughter, Queen Elizabeth II, was by her bedside. The Queen was said to have had a close relationship with her mother, particularly after the death of King George VI. Following Queen Elizabeth II’s accession to the throne, the Queen Mother supported her daughter's work in addition to her own public duties. The pair shared a love of horses, and the matriarch remained a confidante of the Queen up until her death in 2002. However, one royal insider has revealed that the Queen did occasionally lie to her mother. Former royal chef Darren McGrady, who cooked for the Royal Family between 1982 and 1993, claimed that the family and staff used to tell the Queen Mother a little white lie every evening during their summer holidays in Balmoral. She was apparently notoriously tardy, and royal insiders have said that she was always late to the dinner table, often leaving the rest of the family waiting for her arrival. Reportedly, the matriarch’s punctuality got so bad that the Queen resorted to a cheeky trick to put an end to her mother’s tardiness. In an interview with Marie Claire in 2017, Mr McGrady said: "Dinner was at 8:30 in Balmoral when Her Majesty the Queen Mother was in attendance. “They used to tell her that dinner was at 8:15, and she'd be the last one down. “They told everyone else 8:30 because they knew she'd be late." Mr McGrady continued to say that dinnertime at Balmoral was a highly formal affair – and even likened the royal feast to Downton Abbey. He said: “They'd come down in dressy ball gowns, and sit at the table — like a Downton Abbey dinner. “All the fine china was brought out. At the end of the meal, a bagpipe player would walk around the table." DON'T MISS:Queen's heartbreak: Monarch upset as she listens to God Save The Queen [NEW]'Gobsmacking' Andrew's public RETURN sparks royal fury [REPORT]Prince Philip broke royal protocol with unprecedented political stance [INSIGHT] The Royal Family have escaped to the Scottish retreat since the 19th century. It has been one of the family’s homes since Queen Victoria and Prince Albert bought the 50,000-acre country estate in 1852. After his death in 1861, Victoria found solace in her Highlands hideaway. The family have maintained their love for Balmoral, with the Queen visiting annually for her summer break.  Last year marked the current Queen’s first visit since the death of her husband Prince Philip. The Duke of Edinburgh’s life and legacy was honoured at Westminster Abbey on Tuesday. Her Majesty was accompanied by other members of the Royal Family in a service of thanksgiving for the prince. The outing was her first major official engagement outside one of her homes for nearly six months, since she travelled to Cardiff to deliver a speech at the Welsh Senedd on 14 October.  On Wednesday, the monarch marked the anniversary of the Queen Mother’s death. The Royal Family honoured the late matriarch with a special tribute on Twitter. It read: “Today marks 20 years since the death of Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother. “Her Majesty inspired great affection from the public which her daughter The Queen spoke of as, ‘the special place she occupied in the hearts of so many.’”