A Moon and Saturn combination will dominate the day today, bringing with it a mix of contrasting energies. Don’t be afraid to let your artistic streak run wild but stick a pin in any potential dramas while the moon moves through Leo, as you’re likely to be feeling more vulnerable and sensitive during this period. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for March 15. Leo is a sign of ideas and expressing yourself, but also a sign that craves attention, adoration, and validation. Cafe Astrology said: “As the Moon spends the day in Leo, we seek feedback and interaction.” But generally, you will feel “confident and prepared to take on whatever comes your way.” You may feel more inclined to express your feelings while the moon travels through this sign, but the need for reassurance will prevail - don’t hesitate to ask those around you for the reassurance you need during this time.  READ MORE: Horoscope: Pisces warned of upcoming 'terrible conflict' - 'be brave'  However, the Moon will cross Saturn on its travels, meeting the planet head on for a period of time. This will bring about an opposing energy, which will stir up a blockage. Saturn is a sign that is said to represent friends, hard work, and determination - it also bears a large impact on learning lessons and understanding limitations. As the Moon faces Saturn today, you’re advised to tread carefully when communicating with others. Take a step back, be mindful, and assess the situation before moving forwards. This Moon-Saturn opposition can stir confusion in events or conversations that would usually be straightforward.  Cafe Astrology continued: “After this opposition, the Moon is void for the remainder of the day, and we should probably avoid beginning all-new projects if we want them to survive and thrive.” As a sign that usually promotes creativity and new ideas, make sure you stick to your original to-do list today and try not to pursue any new ventures after this opposition takes place - the time to do this will be tomorrow, when the Moon enters Virgo, which invites order and strict attention to detail. However, Saturn will also position itself parallel to Venus today.  DON'T MISS: Horoscopes: ‘Big-spirited’ Sagittarius is an ‘endless labyrinth’ [ANALYSIS]Horoscopes and karma: The sign that increases good karma by forgiving [INFORMER]‘Horoscopes: Capricorn doesn’t ‘need’ a partner but falls 'deeply' [INSIGHT]  Cafe Astrology adds: “[This] suggests a stronger sense of reality and responsibility in our relationships later today and tomorrow.”. The void Moon is due to occur from 10:56 GMT, until it enters Virgo at 16:59 GMT on Wednesday 16, March. Try not to make any important decisions during this time period - clarity will wash over shortly and steps to move forward will crystallise and make more sense. 