The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrived in The Bahamas, the last nation they will visit during their overseas tour, on Thursday afternoon. There, Kate and William were welcomed by Prime Minister Philip Davis and his wife Ann-Marie. Mr Davis didn't touch on politics during his meeting with the Cambridges but expressed his happiness at finally meeting them, saying their visit was "long overdue". Despite this warm welcome to The Bahamas, on the eve of their arrival to the island Kate and William were put on notice they could be facing more turmoil during their tour. The Bahamas National Reparations Committee (BNRC) released an incendiary letter this week, in which they called on the Royal Family and the UK Government to acknowledge their past links to slavery and then issue reparations. The letter read: "They and their family of royals and their government must acknowledge that their diverse economy was built on the backs of our ancestors. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here "And then, they must pay. We, the children of those victims, owe it to our ancestors to remember. "We owe it to our ancestors to demand a reckoning and to demand accountability, healing, and justice." The letter also said: "The Duke and Duchess may not be compelled to make such a declaration during their visit to our shores. "They may not be able at this time to speak on behalf of the Queen and their government. READ MORE: Queen urged to strip Prince Harry of major role "However, they can no longer ignore the devastation of their heritage." The Committee also touched on the expenses of the royal visit, to be partially forked out by the local government. The letter read: "We, the members of the Bahamas National Reparations Committee (BNRC), recognise that the people of the Bahamas have been left holding the bag for much of the cost of this extravagant trip. "Why are we footing the bill for the benefit of a regime whose rise to 'greatness' was fuelled by the extinction, enslavement, colonisation, and degradation of the people of this land? "Why are we being made to pay again?" The BNRC was formed in 2013 as part of the Caribbean Reparation Commission, an organisation dedicated to "reconciliation, truth, and justice" for the victims of enslaved Africans and their descendants. The Commission also works to establish a case for reparations by governments to their former colonies. Prince William and Kate's tour began last Saturday - but had already been hit by controversy as, one day prior, residents at the Indian Creek village in Belize staged a protest. The Cambridges were due to travel to the area on Sunday to visit a local cocoa farm. The row centred on a "contested property" between residents of Indian Creek village and Flora and Fauna International (FFI), a conservation charity of which the Duke is a patron. Belize outlet Channel 7 also reported further discontent may have been caused by the landing site decided for the helicopter taking Kate and William to the destination of their engagement, amid claims residents had not been consulted. As a result of the gathering, the Duke and Duchess changed their plans and visited another cocoa farm instead, located in the Hopkins village. The opposition to the royals in Indian Creek was not unanimous, as it emerged over the weekend that other residents had held a new gathering to express their fondness for Kate and William and desire to meet them. Kate and William also experienced turmoil in Jamaica, their second destination. Protesters and activists demanding slavery reparations gathered near the British High Commission in Kingston, hours before the country's Prime Minister Andrew Holness informed the Duke and Duchess Jamaica was "moving on" - a sentence seen by many commentators as a notice the realm will soon sever its ties with the Queen. However, Kate and William were also met by enthusiastic supporters during the several engagements held in the country. In Trench Town in particular, where they learned more about the lasting influence of reggae on Jamaican culture, the royals were welcomed by thousands of well-wishers. During the state dinner at King's House, William also addressed slavery as "abhorrent" in a poignant speech - but stopped short of apologising for the links the Royal Family had with the slave trade.