Liverpool’s victory in the Carabao Cup on Sunday was a credit to what a strong squad they have. Throughout the competition, they have been without several star players on occasions but still managed to battle through each round and were at their very best when it mattered. The scenes at Wembley Stadium when the trophy was lifted showcased what a united, happy squad Jurgen Klopp has created. However, the German risks throwing that all away by preparing for a worst-case scenario in 2023 rather than a better one. Liverpool have one of the best attacks in the world, but the risk of potentially being without them seems to be a cause for concern at Merseyside and the club’s transfer speculation/business show that to an extent as well. At the end of the season, Liverpool are set to lose Divock Origi, who, although a much-loved star, rarely features for the Reds anymore. JUST IN: Arsenal owner Stan Kroenke to aid Edu with ‘significant summer outlay’ However, next year the club are on course to lose Mohamed Salah, Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane, with versatile option Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain also out of contract. Of course, losing those stars will certainly see standards slip at Anfield, though Diogo Jota and January signing Luis Diaz are more than capable of stepping up to the mark. But bringing in a fresh wave of attacking talent before those already at the club depart could very quickly give Klopp too much depth, and instead, provide him with a ‘not happy’ crop of players. The former Borussia Dortmund boss spoke last year about how he was aware he couldn’t keep all his players happy with their opportunities at the club. Asked whether he has kept his entire squad happy, Klopp replied: “I don’t think it’s possible and I don’t think I did it.  “We have to win every game and when you are in football you have to learn early to accept what decision the manager makes. That doesn’t mean they are happy but they accept it. “I don’t try to keep them happy. Yes, I want them all to be happy but I want them to be angry as well when we play an opponent who wants our points.” The sentiment behind the manager’s statement is reasonable and his job is to win trophies rather than keep smiles on faces, but a plethora of players battling it out for three positions could quickly cause unrest in the dressing room. West Ham’s Jarrod Bowen and RB Leipzig’s Christopher Nkunku are amongst a whole host of stars linked with a move to the Carabao Cup winners, which would indicate that Klopp may be keen to bolster his forward ranks. But if Mane, Salah and Firmino all put pen to paper on new deals then you have to ask, do the Reds really need to recruit? There are certainly greater issues in the team that need addressing for Klopp and positions that need more depth – in midfield, for example. Harvey Elliott has already been transformed into a midfielder rather than a winger so that he is able to play more regularly – as well as his attributes suiting the role – and even still Liverpool’s depth up top is great. Although it could leave him short-staffed further down the line, on paper, it is much more beneficial for Klopp to sit tight and wait rather than ‘panic buying’ and potentially upsetting the stars who have helped him win some of the top trophies in world football.