Boxing icon Wladimir Klitschko has paid tribute to Premier League clubs for showing solidarity with Ukraine throughout the last weekend of fixtures. There was overwhelming support for Ukraine amongst fans at stadiums across the United Kingdom following Russia's recent invasion. Wladimir and his brother, Kyiv mayor Vitali Klitschko, have remained in the city, immediately taking up arms after Vladimir Putin launched the attack. The ex-boxing duo have been pictured across Kyiv in bulletproof vests in anticipation of Russian invaders and proclaimed they were 'ready to die' to protect their country. Vasiliy Lomachenko and Oleksandr Usyk have since followed suit, but the Klitschko brothers are even said to be on Putin's 24-name 'kill list' featuring individuals he wants dead following the invasion. JUST IN: Liverpool given glimmer of hope as Adeyemi's Dortmund transfer stalls They are not deterred, though, and Wladimir has spoken to the UK media to express Ukraine's gratitude for the continued support. "We know about Premier League clubs showing their support for Ukraine at games over the weekend, and we are grateful for every single person who joined in," Klitschko told The Mirror. "But to those fans we now ask: Please keep it going - Putin will not stop because of one gesture. He must see the whole sporting world is disgusted by his aggression." READ MORE: Man Utd's Antonio Rudiger plan at risk with Newcastle 'to compete' Klitschko then went into detail about the horrors unfolding in his homeland and explained he believes sanctions in sport in response to Russia's invasion are 'important'. He continued: "Boxing is sport – this is war, and my people are dying. "During this conversation, innocent women, children and civilians will be subjected to bombs, missiles and horrifying reality of war. "People say this is the biggest fight of my life, and I agree – it's so sad to realise how terrifying the war is. "This is why I ask your readers, all the people of Great Britain, to back our campaign and to act now, in any way possible, to support Ukraine. "To isolate Russia from all sporting competition is not an act of aggression. We do this to stop the war in the name of peace. "I have nothing personal against the athletes, but I have a lot against the aggression of Russian leader Putin and his war machine. We believe sanctions on different levels, including sport, are crucially important. "Take away sporting competition and the athletes will ask their leader, 'Why will nobody compete against us?' I repeat, this is not against the athletes, it's in the name of peace in Ukraine." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.