Earth Hour is one of the world’s largest grassroots environmental movements to date, uniting billions of people across the globe each year. This significant event is held annually to help tackle climate issues such as deforestation, and 2022 will mark 15 years since its debut. With just days to go until this year’s Earth Hour takes place, Express.co.uk reveals the key details you should know, and exactly how to get involved yourself. Since its launch in 2007, Earth Hour has been held on the final Sunday of March each year. The event takes place after dark once the spring sunshine has set, so the exact time varies for countries in different time zones. For the UK, Earth Hour 2022 will take place at 8.30pm on Saturday, March 26. As the name suggests, the event lasts for one hour, ending at 9.30pm. READ MORE: Sturgeon torn apart for failing to deliver on green pledges According to the World Wildlife Fund (WWF), the movement was born out of frustration about the inability to tackle climate change and protect nature, and was used to “replace people’s despair with hope and positivity at a global level”. The first ever Earth Hour which took place on March 31, 2007 saw more than 2.2 million individuals and 2,000 businesses in Sydney, Australia, take part in the lights-out event. Since then, the event has spread to 190 countries worldwide, with various switch-off events and activities held each year to support the cause. As energy costs continue to soar, there’s no better time to get involved in this global movement. Doing your bit to support Earth Hour can be done in the comfort of your own home, or you can look out for local events in your area. At home, you can switch off your lights for the 60-minute period and find creative ways to spend your hour in darkness. According to Earth Hour, the best ways to spend your energy-saving hour include: Camping, stargazing, night hiking and exploring nearby parks or beaches are a great way to get in touch with the natural world. A candle-lit dinner and sustainable recipe is the best way to enjoy Earth Hour, so make the most of the event with some home-cooked food. DON'T MISS:'High-speed' stream of solar winds expected to slam into Earth [INSIGHT]NASA emergency: Russia shares horrifying map of where ISS crash zone [MAP]Solar storm warning: Earth faces 'triple threat' from space [REVEAL] Screen-free time at home is rare in modern homes, so switch TVs and phones for a classic board game or a pack of cards to liven things up. Earthhour.org said: “We have a variety of virtual and on-the-ground events lined up all over the world - from live events hosted by local influencers and artists to guided meditation sessions and movie marathons - so you can spend the Hour with people in your city, country, and from across the globe!” You can access the full list of official Earth Hour events here. The Energy Saving Trust said: “However you choose to spend Earth Hour, the goal is to increase awareness and spark global conversations on protecting nature, tackling the climate crisis, and working together to shape a brighter future for us all.” How will you be spending Earth Hour? Let us know in the comments below! Sitting in darkness might not sound very effective, but this worldwide cause has made an impressive mark on a number of landscapes across the globe. The past 15 years of Earth Hour has taken the climate emergency conversation from conferences to mainstream thinking - but what else has the movement achieved? According to the Energy Saving Trust, Earth Hour has successfully: Even at the height of COVID-19 restrictions, the movement has continued to attract record breaking numbers of participants, raising global awareness of the cause.