Strictly Come Dancing star James Jordan has taken to Instagram following his public Twitter spat with head judge Shirley Ballas, as he made a desperate plea for the conflict in Ukraine to end. Just days ago James, 43, and Shirley, 61, found themselves disagreeing over whether the Russian members of the dance community have spoken out about the war in Ukraine. In view of his 242,000 Instagram followers, James issued a plea for the conflict in Ukraine to end. While watching an interview on Sky News, the Strictly star weighed in with his thoughts. He could be heard saying: "It is such a shame that all men in Russia can't be like this one. "He just said he's embarrassed for Russia and doesn't believe what's going on. READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award "Let's hope that people of Russia stop this b****y madness, please," he added. James' plea comes just days after he entered into a Twitter spat with Strictly's head judge, Shirley. [removed 'Ballas'] The husband of dance pro Ola Jordan openly condemned some of his former co-stars for their silence on the conflict. He wrote: "I don’t see many of the Russian dancers I know and have even shared the Strictly dance floor with them openly speaking out about the war against Ukraine. "But are still promoting themselves on social media - very disappointed," he added alongside a teary face emoji. "They know who they are - not [one] post about it," he added. In a separate tweet, James continued: “If they are too scared to speak out against wrong then stay the f*** off social media for a while and stop with the self-promotion during this horrific time. "Have some respect. Or… maybe they are not speaking out because they are brainwashed too," he finished. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan bids farewell after 'ruffling feathers' in new project [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics [ANALYSIS]Eamonn Holmes shares 'painful and exhausting' health insight [UPDATE] However his statement did not sit well with Shirley who was quick to fire back at the star, writing: "Dear James, not sure who you follow and who follows you. “Many dancers I know have retweeted in support of Ukraine and have felt shame at their own government. “Lots of help for their fellow dancers Lots have spoken out and retweeted.” (sic) James then sarcastically said that they were “clearly talking about different dancers” when Shirley continued to claim that she "doesn't know anyone who has not reached out". James' comments come as former Strictly dancer Kristina Rihanoff sparked outrage with her remarks about the conflict, claiming that she did not "give a s*** about the war". According to MailOnline, the ex-Strictly pro hit out at the Prime Minister over his government’s coronavirus measures and their impact on her business. She reportedly told her 148,000 followers: “I do want to focus on what sort of punishment Boris Johnson will have for destroying my family run business and 1000 of others. “Many of my friends LOST businesses because of government lockdowns. Don't give a s**t about the war but I do about the debt because of NO TRADING for 2yrs.” (sic)