Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame on social media several years ago after she started sharing unusual cleaning tips and tricks. With more than four million followers, the influencer now shares family content and organisational tips. Her fans often share their own advice on dedicated cleaning pages, including how to remove limescale. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on removing shower screen limescale. Mather Al wrote: “Does anyone have any ideas on how to fully remove limescale off a glass shower screen?” Limescale often builds up in hard water areas and is caused by a build-up of calcium and magnesium minerals. It can be extremely hard to remove, but there are lots of products on the market to help. READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it Taking to the comments, Jasmine commented: “Use Viakal. It’s cheap and does the job in seconds.” Brian Sumner wrote: “Use Viakal but if it’s bad leave it on for 30 minutes. You might have to spread it around as it can run off vertical surfaces. Might even need a second go but it’s good.” Linda Watts said: “Viakal, it’s amazing.” Viakal helps to remove dirt and bacteria trapped in limescale as well as helps to target stubborn limescale. DON'T MISS:‘Must have’ house feature which could add £13k to the house value [COMMENT]Flowers to ‘plant now’ for ‘vibrant’ summer blooms [EXPERT]DIY couple share £100 living room transformation [PICTURES] What’s more, its anti-droplet technology helps to prevent tough watermarks from returning. The product is available in many retailers including supermarkets, available for around £2. Other group members recommended using white vinegar. Sarah Beech wrote: “Spray with white vinegar and rub it off.” Mary Evans said: “Cheap white vinegar!” White vinegar is great for targeting limescale deposits and when mixed with lemon juice, can freshen up the bathroom at the same time. It can be left on for around 30 minutes and should be diluted with water before being used. White vinegar can also be used for a variety of other cleaning jobs, including cleaning windows. Sharing advice on the same social media page, Michelle Cairns said: “Use half white vinegar, half warm water in a spray bottle. “Go over the window with a microfibre cloth and buff it, mine came up sparkling.” Sheila Kirby added: “I use the Minky green cloth for glass, no smears.” Alison Rill wrote: “The green big cloth by Minky is the best, no smears at all.” The Minky M Cloth Glass and Window is made from millions of tightly woven high density fibres, which help to quickly remove dirt and grease from windows and other glass objects such as mirrors.