Aston Villa are seeking to build on the huge strides the club made in the January transfer window with Steven Gerrard now willing to make a play for both Franck Kessie and Luis Suarez ahead of the summer. The duo are amongst a lost list of players now in the final six months of their current deals, meaning - as a foreign club - Villa are free to negotiate with their representatives over a pre-contract agreement. It was a hugely productive winter window for Villa, who landed four mid-season targets in Lucas Digne, Philippe Coutinho (loan), Robin Olsen (loan) and Calum Chambers. The captures of former Barcelona pair Digne and Coutinho, in particular, were concrete evidence of the 'Gerrard factor' - put simply, the lure of working and learning from an icon of the game. With the greatest of respect, those deals would simply not have been possible during Dean Smith's reign. Now Villa are looking to lay the groundwork for another successful transfer window this summer when they will bid to eat up the ground on the so-called 'Big Six'. Express Sport understands the 13th-place Midlands club are willing to rival Barcelona, Paris Saint-Germain and Tottenham for the signature of AC Milan's Kessie, a development reported elsewhere in the past few days. The Italian giants are desperate to keep the Ivorian, who has failed to agree a new contract at the San Siro despite extensive talks, while Barcelona are now starting to up at the ante in their bid to secure a pre-contract agreement. Barca, who are revitalised under Xavi, are prepared to offer Kessie a lucrative five-year contract at Camp Nou. Villa are unlikely to be able to compete with the numbers involved. However, Kessie has been identified as a target by Villa Park chiefs, who will now explore if a deal is viable. Central midfield is top of the agenda for Gerrard amid the uncertainty surrounding Douglas Luiz's future. Although Villa recently opened talks with his representatives over a new contract, one source indicates a move elsewhere could be on the cards at the end of the season. In January, Villa rejected three undisclosed bids for the Brazilian international, the last of which landed on deadline day. His manager remains a big fan but believes there are huge areas for improvement in his game. Furthermore, Villa are also set to continue their pursuit of Brighton midfielder Yves Bissouma after seeing a £35m bid rejected by the Seagulls. Much like Luiz, the Malian is also in the final 18 months of his contract, which is due to expire in June 2023 and that could force Brighton's hand before the start of the 2022/23 campaign. Gerrard has already made it clear during a recent press conference that Villa could return to the table in the coming months. The former Liverpool captain is also open-minded about a potential reunion with his former team-mate Suarez, who will leave Atletico Madrid this summer. The Uruguayan remains in regular contact with Gerrard and helped fire Diego Simeone's side to the La Liga title last term but the club are now on course to finish outside of the Champions League places. Italy remains an option for Suarez after a failed move to Juventus in 2020 but should the finances add up, Villa would also be willing to throw their hat into the ring. While seasoned veteran Suarez does not align with the club's transfer policy, any deal would represent a unique opportunity to sign one of the best strikers of his generation - for no transfer fee. The 35-year-old is keen on a return to the Premier League and believes he is still physically capable of competing at the highest level. Another added bonus that might sweeten the deal is that Villa are expected to trigger their £33.4m option to buy Philippe Coutinho from Barcelona. Although no final decision has been made. The playmaker - who came close to winning Liverpool's first-ever Premier League title with Gerrard and Suarez in 2013/14 - has clearly shown his powers are yet to wane during an impressive start to his loan spell. Meanwhile, as widely reported in both England and Spain, Atletico Madrid are also keen on signing Villa right-back Matty Cash as a replacement for Kieran Trippier. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The Spanish club's interest is being driven by Italian sporting director Andrea Berta, who would be willing to pay £30m-£40m this summer to get a deal over the line. Express Sport understands Berta has approached Cash's father with his pitch for the player. Diego Simeone is reportedly unsure on the prospect of signing Cash though, according to reports in Spain. He is said to favour a more experienced option like Chelsea captain Cesar Azpilicueta, who has been offered a two-year deal by Barcelona. Cash, who was signed for £16m from Nottingham Forest, will wait until the end of the season before making any decision over his future with his current Villa deal due to run until 2025.