Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has sparked global energy supply issues, at a time when soaring gas prices are set to hit the cost of living hard next month. While the Government’s new energy supply strategy will not provide immediate relief for households dealing with rising bills, a plan by the Treasury to fund greater North Sea oil and gas production aims to offset the fall in supply. This has ramped up criticism over Nicola Sturgeon’s hostility towards North Sea oil and gas, as Ian Blackford warns that buying Russian energy instead serves only to fuel Putin’s war in Ukraine. The PM told a press conference yesterday that ministers were considering using more oil and gas from British sources. He said: “It is completely the right thing to do to move away from dependence on Russian hydrocarbons, but we have to do it step by step. “We have got to make sure we have substitute supply. One of the things we are looking at is the possibility of using more of our own hydrocarbons . . . We need to increase our self-reliance.” The PM added that he was not dropping the Government’s commitment to reach net zero carbon emissions by 2050. As well as potentially increasing North Sea oil and gas production, the strategy includes more nuclear power and renewable energy. Wholesale gas and oil prices have seen major turbulence since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, particularly after the US said it was in “active discussions” with European countries about a ban on imports of Russian crude oil. Yesterday, UK gas prices hit a new record of 800p per therm (a measurement of heat energy in gas), before falling to 501p - an eight percent increase for the day. This time last year, UK gas was trading at around 40p per therm. Meanwhile, Scotland’s First Minister has been increasingly hostile in her approach to North Sea oil since the COP26 climate summit in Glasgow last October. She has called for an end to oil and gas exploration to reduce emissions. However, Mr Blackford highlighted the issue of relying on gas imports rather than producing our own, stating:“Russia is financing the war in Ukraine from the receipts of fossil fuel sales. READ MORE: ‘Brexit Britain by FAR Putin’s most powerful adversary’ expert claims [INSIGHT] “If we turn off demand from the west we bring the maximum pressure to be felt by Putin and his regime.” Britain is currently on track to spend more than £2billion on imported Russian liquefied natural gas this year. Ministers expressed their disapproval of Ms Sturgeon’s stance to the Times, saying: “What’s puzzling to many in the party and beyond — and we are out of step with public opinion on this — is when you have a domestic supply, why you wouldn’t want to use that for the benefit of people here and to stop paying for supply from elsewhere, particularly if it benefits the Russians.” Another added: “Nicola will always look to what suits politically, and at the moment that means keeping the Greens in the parliament onside.” DON'T MISS: Brexit: ‘Exclude the EU!’ Furious Britons erupt [INSIGHT]Russia: Boris warned UK defence spending must be doubled NOW [ANALYSIS]‘Excuses!’ SNP blasted and accused of ‘surrender’ over possible [REVEAL] In 2020, roughly 48 percent of UK gas came from the North Sea. However, this figure is falling, as Britain imports more gas from Norway, Russia, Qatar and the US. Mr Johnson’s new strategy includes shoring up energy provider Bulb, which went into administration last November. Rishi Sunak had set aside £1.7billion in capital to help the company stay functional, after Ofgem concluded it could not transfer its customers to rivals. However, now government officials have said the Treasury are preparing a second bailout package for the company, worth hundreds of millions of pounds.