Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich has been told that his price is 'far too high' by prospective buyer Hansjorg Wyss, as the Russian supposedly attempts to cash in on the west London club. But it is expected a sale will still go through in the coming weeks or months. Last week, Abramovich stated that he was handing over stewardship of Chelsea to the trustees, although a full takeover now appears in the pipeline as reaction ramps up to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Russian President Vladimir Putin launched a military assault on neighbouring Ukraine last week. Civilian casualties continue to pour in as Russian troops attempt to advance on the capital Kyiv, and a 40-mile long convoy of armoured vehicles supposedly waits just north of the city. Western leaders have condemned the invasion, with UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson describing Russia's actions as 'barbaric'. Sanctions continue to be used in response, including against powerful and wealthy individuals such as Abramovich. JUST IN: Man Utd backed to axe Harry Maguire in summer with two stars ready to step up - EXCLUSIVE With the threat of frozen assets hanging over his head, the Chelsea owner is supposedly selling off his lucrative portfolio of London properties. The Blues themselves are also believed to be in the shop window, and Swiss billionaire Wyss claims that he has already been offered the chance to buy.  "I and three other people received an offer on Tuesday to buy Chelsea from Abramovich," he told Blick, via Sky Sports. "I have to wait four to five days now. Abramovich is currently asking far too much." DON'T MISS...Tottenham flop Bryan Gil lifts lid on reasons for disappointing spellDonny van de Beek explains view on proving Man Utd ‘wrong’ at EvertonJoao Felix spotted at Carabao Cup final amid Arsenal transfer rumours Despite the early hiccup between Abramovich and Wyss, the Evening Standard claim that the club changing hands is simply 'a matter of time'. Abramovich took control of Chelsea in 2003, signalling the start of a wealthy new era, and the trophies did not take long to follow. Five Premier League titles and two Champions Leagues are among the Blues' bulging trophy cabinet since the Russian took over, with a report from The Sun last year claiming that he had pumped more than £2billion into the club. Abramovich is often spotted at Stamford Bridge, but has often cut a reclusive figure who almost never gives interviews, with one rare example in 2021 ending a 15-year stint of silence. Thomas Tuchel launched into an angry rant on Tuesday when reporters pressed him on Chelsea's ownership and the ongoing situation between Russia and Ukraine. "Listen, listen, listen you have to stop, I’m not a politician," he pleaded with a reporter. "To even talk about it I feel bad because I’m very privileged – I sit here in peace. I do the best I can but you have to stop asking me these questions because I have no answers for you."