The controversy, which Scottish Tory leader Douglas Ross called a "scandal", concentrates on the contract for two overbudget and delayed ferries. Audit Scotland, the country's public spending auditor, said the Ferguson shipyard was given the contract against expert advice and without expected financial safety nets. Estimates show the ferries will cost over two and a half times the original budget for their construction, totalling £250m, rather than £97m. They will also be ready five years late. Mr Ross denounced the decision as one of "the worst public spending disasters since devolution".  The preferred bidder for the ferry contract was originally the Port Glasgow yard, which Ms Sturgeon visited back in 2015. However, advice from a government agency was discounted when the Ferguson yard was awarded the contract. It then emerged that Ferguson Marine Engineering Ltd (FMEL) would not be able to provide a full refund to the Scottish Government, should anything go wrong in the process of producing the vessels. This is a standard guarantee often built into government contracts. READ MORE: Biden to snub trade deal over 'blood, sweat and tears'   The decision was condemned by Scots on social media, with one Twitter user, @majorityscot, beginning a Twitter campaign in which they said: "Retweet if you think Sturgeon should resign over the ferry scandal." Twitter user Facundo Savala also wrote: "When it comes to the ferries, the buck stops with Nicola Sturgeon. "I believe she should take ownership and resign."  This echoed the statement of the SNP leader in Holyrood, where she admitted the "buck stops with me" over the ferry contracts. She told MSPs: "This is a government that operates by collective responsibility...ultimately... responsibility stops with me." She did, however, point to former Transport Minister Derek Mackay as a key part of the decision-making process. Dismissing this on Twitter, @JoyousCivic wrote: "We all know Sturgeon signed off on Ferguson Marine being awarded the contract for two ferries, no Minister can make any decision unless she confirms it. "She should resign, she won't, she thinks there are enough anti-English Scots who will continue to vote for her."