 Emmerdale fans have patiently been waiting to see Meena Jutla (played by Paige Sandhu) face justice. The villainous nurse murdered several villagers over the past year and is currently in prison awaiting her court date. According to official ITV soap spoilers, Meena will soon address her many crimes in a plea hearing. But, will she be imprisoned for life?   In upcoming scenes, Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker) tries her best to put on a brave face as she anxiously awaits Meena’s plea hearing. As the villagers prepare to face the evil Meena in court, anticipation for the hearing quickly builds. However, when the time comes, the serial killer is left frustrated by the small turn-out for her hearing. Despite being perturbed by the lack of audience, Meena still tries to unsettle the court attendees. Everyone’s surprised when Meena pleads guilty to the first of her many charges, but will she take accountability for all the murders? READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot?    Rebecca Sarker, who plays Manpreet in the soap, recently spoke about the dramatic storyline in an interview with Express.co.uk and other press. The soap star opened up on how she feels about Meena’s time in Emmerdale coming to an end. “It feels very surreal, I have to say, because it has been so intense, you know,” the actress confessed. Rebecca explained she’s close to Paige Sandhu, who plays Meena, and feels sad her final days on the soap could be drawing near. “We messaged each other the other day,” she said, making it clear they are both aware the storyline’s end is on the horizon.   Rebecca admitted it will feel unusual to no longer have scenes between Manpreet and Meena. She remarked: “It’s a bit strange, to say the least, that I'm not going to be with her. “I can't really imagine her not being a part of Manpreet’s storyline or vice versa. “But, you know, you’ve got to be sort of sensible about it. There was life before Meena and there will be life afterwards,” the actress added. DON'T MISS...‘Not realistic at all!’ Our House viewers fume over ‘plot hole’ [MUST SEE]Death in Paradise star shares first impression of ‘crazy’ newcomer [INSIGHT]Emmerdale twist as Rhona Goskirk’s left penniless after betrayal? [SPOILERS]  Rebecca continued: “That’s the life of an actor, you know, people come and go. "I’ve come and gone in various places. So, such is our career and our profession,” she commented. Rebecca insisted there was “no doubt” in her mind that Paige will go on to do more great work in the future. “She’s fabulous,” the actress added, praising her Emmerdale co-star.    As Rebecca has hinted Meena’s reign of terror will be ending shortly, could this mean the serial killer will be locked up for good? Even if Meena doesn’t plead guilty to all of her crimes, there’s a good chance she’ll be found guilty at a trial. There’s plenty of evidence against her as the police have discovered the trophies she collected from each murder victim. Will Meena be found guilty of all the murders and sentenced to life in prison? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV.  