Tiffany's departure from EastEnders last year left fans fuming as her manipulative brother Liam Butcher (Alfie Deegan) intercepted a letter she'd sent to ex-husband Keegan (Zack Morris), asking him to join her in leaving the Square. Tiffany never found out Keegan didn't receive the letter, with Liam instead making sure the BBC soap favourite received Tiffany's divorce papers. Months after her exit though, it seems the popular character will be making a comeback to tie up loose ends - will the couple finally get their happily ever after and leave together? Appearing on Morning Live on Monday, Maisie, 20, talked about taking part in the recent Strictly Come Dancing tour. She was also asked by host Kym Marsh about a potential return for her character Tiffany, and revealed she would be back for one episode. "Of course, we know you as Tiffany Butcher from EastEnders," the presenter explained. "And you're going back for an episode?" READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell "Yes, I am!" Maisie replied enthusiastically. "You're going back!" Kym commented. "Can you tell us anything?" Hesitating for a moment, the actress stated: "I feel like no matter what I say I'm going to get into trouble, but I'm sure I can say that I'm hoping that a few unresolved storylines will finally be answered." "Oh, we like that!" co-host Gethin Jones responded. Liam wanted to break his sister and Keegan up after he found out the latter had cheated with Dotty Cotton (Milly Zero). Although the two wanted to try to fix their marriage, he stepped in to make sure that couldn't happen before Tiffany left with him for Germany. Fans will be hoping Keegan might finally realise his ex-wife wanted him to go with her. It seems if they finally work this out, the two might decide to leave and start a new life together. Keegan has been in the soap for five years, and it was recently confirmed his character would be moving on. DON'T MISS... Schofield hits back as guest blames Brexit for refugee crisis [LATEST]Susanna catches out Wallace over response to refugee crisis [VIDEO]Richard Madeley causes 'outrage' with 'patronising' First Lady probe [REACTION] With the truth about his tragic sister Chantelle Atkins' (Jessica Plummer) death set to be revealed soon, will Keegan's decision to leave be partly to escape painful memories? Viewers know abusive lawyer Gray Atkins (Toby-Alexander Smith) murdered Chantelle. With the net closing in on Gray, it's likely the truth will come out sooner rather than later. With this coinciding with Keegan's exit and Tiffany's return, it seems possible she will come back to Walford to comfort him over the horrifying revelations before the pair move on together. EastEnders' official Instagram account announced Keegan star Zack had filmed his final scenes. Sharing the news, EastEnders posted an image of Zack as Keegan next to his sandwich truck. The caption read: “EastEnders is set to say goodbye to Keegan, aka [Zack Morris].” Commenting on his time in Walford, Zack said: ”After five beautiful years on this incredible show, I have made the tough decision to leave Walford and give Keegan Butcher-Baker some well-earned rest. “This show has quite frankly changed my life for the better. It will always hold a real loving place in my heart.” Tiffany has been on and off the show since she was a young child, and viewers were upset to think her departure left Tiffany without answers about her relationship. Could she finally be reunited with Keegan for good? Perhaps Keegan will confide in her about Chantelle's murder and the two will get back together. EastEnders continues on Tuesday at 7.30pm on BBC One.