Kate Middleton and Prince William attended the memorial service for the late Prince Philip on Tuesday, March 29. The couple, who are freshly back in the UK from the Caribbean, brought along Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, six, to the service. On a few occasions, the Duchess could be seen telling her daughter Charlotte to be quiet, making an audible “shh” with her index finger to her lips.  Upon arrival, the family were greeted by clergy before heading to their seats. However just after the service began Kate was seen appearing to reach over to tell a seemingly unsettled Charlotte to be quiet. Angela Karanja, a parenting expert and founder of Raising Remarkable Teenagers spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain the techniques used by Kate during yesterday’s service, and if they were successful. The expert said: “I think what's even more important is that Kate did not just correct Charlotte, that is, tell Charlotte to 'shh' and be quiet at that pivotal moment, but she took time to connect!  READ MORE: Peter & Autumn's body language 'looked pretty besotted' post-split “Throughout the event, especially notably at the beginning, there were several moments of connection. “For example, at the beginning when the young daughter appears nervous, the mum leans over and whispers something that evidently cheers her up. “We notice a lot of ‘Connection before Correction’. “This is a powerful and positive parenting skill that I encourage a lot with parents, ‘Connection before Correction’”, Angela noted.  She continued: “When we correct our young people after we've connected, this doesn't feel like an attack on their being because they already know you’ve got them and you love them. “However, you are now addressing a behaviour that is inappropriate and needs to stop. “Also we don't see Kate telling Charlotte off angrily. “She does the correcting in a matter of fact way that is swift, and as contained and concealed as she could in that public place.  “Sometimes some behaviour needs to be addressed immediately, but it doesn't need to turn nasty or embarrassing. “Just a firm gesture is enough,” Angela added. What most likely happened after the memorial service? Angela continued: “I'm not sure if they talked about the situation afterwards but I usually advise parents on the importance of processing such experiences with children.  “This is because sometimes as much as we think we've done well as parents, children can make up crazy stories and retain this as hurtful memories. “This is how trauma is stored in the body to later rear its ugly head in all sorts of ways.” The memorial service was a stark contrast to Prince Philip’s funeral last year. Due to coronavirus restrictions, only immediate family members were able to attend. 