Manchester United have made contact with Torino star Gleison Bremer ahead of the summer transfer window. It comes after a shocking loss to Manchester City which badly exposed Ralf Rangnick’s backline. United have made contact with Bremer ahead of the transfer window opening this summer. The defender has had a brilliant campaign with Torino and has alerted plenty of clubs interested in his services. But the Red Devils are desperate to snap up the Brazilian, especially after their horrendous loss to City at the Etihad on Sunday. Pep Guardiola’s men were ruthless as they tore apart their local rivals after thrashing them 4-1, with goals from Kevin de Bruyne and Riyad Mahrez. Harry Maguire is one of the players to have come out of the match with his reputation in tatters after a miserable display at the back. And it is no surprise to see United looking at answers in the transfer window while Bremer has emerged as a top target. According to TuttoJuve, via Sport Witness, the Red Devils have made contact with the defender with the view of signing him in the summer. The club have already sent their scouts to watch Bremer in action last month while he has even taken on the armband on several occasions this season. The former Atletico Mineiro star has been described as a physical player with excellent positioning and searing pace. Bremer is also a huge threat from set-pieces and has been denoted for his dominance in the air while his ability on the ball is also not to be sniffed at. However, United are not the only ones interested in the 24-year-old with plenty of clubs taking a closer look across Europe. In Italy, Inter Milan and Juventus are both keen on snapping up the centre-back as they look to hoover up the best players in Serie A. And in the Premier League, Tottenham are also in the race with Antonio Conte a huge fan of Bremer. The Italian has close links to the Serie A with club transfer chief Fabio Paratici known to scour the division for talents. Conte is also desperate to bring in a defender, who has had similar problems with his backline like United.