Lewis Hamilton feels as though he has "a lot in common" with 2021 F1 world champion Max Verstappen despite the pair coming to blows on track on numerous occasions last season. Ever since Verstappen burst onto the F1 scene as a teenager, the Dutchman has been gunning for a shot at a world title. The dominance from Hamilton and Mercedes largely prevented Verstappen from battling at the front on a regular basis, but there were clear signs that he was the one driver capable of challenging with the right car. There were times earlier on in Verstappen's career where he rubbed a few drivers such as Hamilton up the wrong way with his fearless and sometimes reckless driving. But that aggression played to his advantage last year when Red Bull finally gave him a car capable of challenging Hamilton on a regular basis. The pair were locked in one of the most memorable title battles in recent memory, coming down to the very last lap of the final Grand Prix. JUST IN: Max Verstappen raged at Drive to Survive: 'Don't like it'  There were a number of crashes involving the pair which added further tension to the title battle throughout the season. Hamilton was penalised when the rivals touched wheels at the British Grand Prix, where Verstappen was sent flying into the tyre wall. And Verstappen was lambasted for his aggressive approach in Monza which saw his car end up on top of Hamilton, with only the halo protecting the seven-time world champion from serious harm. They also hit out at each other on multiple occasions in press conferences as the title race continued. DON'T MISS  But there was still a level of respect at the end of it all in Abu Dhabi, despite Hamilton's grievances in how the season finale played out. Both drivers will be expected to be challenging at the front again this year with the first race of the season just days away. Hamilton has now given an insight into the rivalry he holds with Verstappen, insisting there is no animosity from his side. "Me and Max, we see each other in the paddock, and things are normal," Hamilton told Sky Sports. "We're two individual drivers. "We have a lot in common in a sense of how much we love doing what we do and driving, then on the other side we're ruthless. He is ruthless, I am. "That's what you have to be in, I would imagine business, but hopefully with a bit of compassion. "We are fighters out there, there's no friends on track. It's like when you go skiing, there's no friends out there." When pressed on the several collisions between the two title protagonists, Hamilton admitted that he also played his part. "Some days we get it right, sometimes we get it wrong," he added. "But I think what's really important is that we're human beings and that we do keep respect."