The Money Saving Expert founder took to Twitter and This Morning to remind Britons that everyone should send in a meter reading so that they are only charged the higher rate for energy they use from tomorrow. While millions of households are already struggling to pay soaring energy bills, more increases are unfortunately on their way. From April 1, Ofgem will increase the price cap which will see the average household’s bill rise by almost £700. This will mean a typical household will spend around £2,000 a year just on their gas and electricity bills. To make sure they aren’t charged the higher rate for their energy used so far this year, financial journalist Martin Lewis is urging people to take a meter reading today. READ MORE: ‘Limited time only’: Nationwide is offering 2.5% interest On Twitter, Mr Lewis said: “Thursday 31 March is energy Meter Reading Day. “So firms can’t assign some of your current usage to April when rates are 54 percent higher." Mr Lewis advised sending a reading as late in the day as possible if people don’t have a smart meter. For those with a smart meter, he suggested taking a picture of the reading just in case there were any disputes. DON'T MISS:'Thank you!' Martin Lewis saves man £492 a year on his Sky TV bill [INSIGHT]State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less [WARNING]Pensioner explains simple way she earns £2,000 a month [UPDATE] On This Morning he reiterated his advice and said that things are only going to get worse. “Do it today so you know your exact usage of everything that was at the cheaper rate. He predicted that in October Britons are likely to see another 25 percent rise in the price cap. “This is catastrophic.” He continued: “People are going to need more help or there are potentially devastating consequences for many people in this country on the lowest incomes.” April’s increased energy cap on energy bills is the biggest increase since Ofgem introduced the cap in 2019. Gillian Cooper, head of energy policy at Citizens Advice, urged people not to suffer in silence. She said: “We’d recommend sending meter readings to your supplier ahead of the price cap rise on April 1."  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea She continued: “This means your energy company will have an accurate picture of your usage before higher rates come in. “If you’re struggling to pay your bill, speak to your energy provider as they have to help you. “Citizens Advice can also provide you with free, independent support.” People can go to the Citizens Advice website or call them on 0808 223 1133.