Mowing is the key to a healthy lawn – each cut encourages the grass to grow more thickly, creating a luxuriant look. It also blocks out weeds and makes the grass more hard-wearing. Cutting the grass can take up quite a lot of time in the growing season, so it’s worth making sure that gardeners are doing it properly. Mowing frequency, cutting heights and lawn mower maintenance are all important factors in keeping your lawn looking good. David Truby, lawn care expert and Managing Director of Greensleeves spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about what lawn preparations need to be carried out before spring officially begins. He said: “The lawn will really be coming out of the winter season now and warmer temperatures will usually mean the grass is starting to grow. “So, here are three tips for last-minute lawn prep before spring begins.” David advised gardeners to get their lawnmower serviced and the blades sharpened. READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it He explained that “sharp blades” are “essential” to keeping grass blades healthy. The lawn expert said: “Before spring starts, I recommend servicing your lawnmower. “This service should happen at least every 12 months and just before spring is the perfect time to do it. “Keeping your mower well maintained by cleaning grass clippings from the underside after use and keeping the mower blades sharp to ensure a nice, clean-cut is essential to the health of the grass blades after mowing.” DON'T MISS: Lawn care: The ‘spiking’ trick to remove all signs of moss  [EXPERT]Orchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms [TIPS]Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home  [INSIGHT] Before mowing the lawn, it is best to clear any debris left on the lawn, especially after bad weather. David said: “Over the winter months, most gardens will have a build-up of debris, such as leaves, branches and moss, which will potentially be damaging to your lawn’s growth. “Of course, some of this debris, like dead plant parts and leaves, can add nutrients to the soil, but they can also cause a nuisance in large quantities. “For instance, when you allow them to linger, they prevent the entry of sunlight and thus hinder the growth of your lawn.” To combat this, the lawn specialist recommends gardeners to lightly rake the lawn first to ensure that the grass blades sit upright. Scarifying lawns is an important step for gardeners preparing their grass for spring. David explained that it is key in controlling the issue of moss. He said: “Scarification is so important for any lawn to encourage new growth in the springtime. “It thins out unwanted organic matter – thatch – and of course helps to control the ever-growing issue of moss. “It also slices through stolons and rhizomes to produce new plants and a denser turf as a result. “While DIY versions of scarification machines can be bought online and aren’t that expensive, they are far more like motorised rakes.” David recommended calling in a team of experts to carry scarification out for best results.