Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows may have completed JK Rowling’s hugely popular Wizarding World novels, but the story continued at the 19 Years Later epilogue with two-part play Harry Potter and the Cursed Child. Since its debut and the publication of its script as a book, fans have been wondering if a movie or two could ever happen. Daniel Radcliffe has been asked in a recent interview and admitted it could happen one day, although he’s not up for it at this exact moment. Speaking with The Hollywood Reporter, Radcliffe said that a Cursed Child movie is “not something I’m really interested in doing right now. This isn’t the answer that anybody’s going to want, but I think I was so able to go back and enjoy it because it’s not a part of my day-to-day life anymore. I’m getting to a point where I feel like I made it out of Potter OK and I’m really happy with where I am now, and to go back would be such a massive change to my life.” However, The Lost City star who took part in Harry Potter 20th Anniversary: Return to Hogwarts this year, admitted: “I’m never going to say never. The Star Wars guys had like 30, 40 years before they went back. For me, it’s only been 10. It’s not something I’m really interested in doing right now.” Radcliffe was pointing out how Star Wars legends Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher reprised Luke, Han and Leia in the sci-fi franchise for 2015’s The Force Awakens and beyond. However, this was over 30 years since 1983’s Return of the Jedi. And even just a few years before they did come back, there was reluctance at first from the likes of Hamill who questioned whether fans wanted to see them at their age jumping around with lightsabers. The Harry Potter star may have a point given that he’s only 32 and his character turns 40 in the Cursed Child play. And while he doesn’t want to make a movie of it just yet, he admits he could be up for it when more time has passed by. Interestingly, Warner Bros now own the rights to the theatrical production so perhaps they plan to adapt it when Radcliffe and his co-stars Rupert Grint and Emma Watson are a bit older. In the meantime, Warner Bros have three more Fantastic Beasts movies in the works, with The Secrets of Dumbledore being the latest to land in cinemas in just a few weeks time. Given the gap of a few years in between each one of the prequels, by the time the studio has finished making this set of Harry Potter spin-offs, perhaps they’ll be asking Rowing is she’d be up for doing the Cursed Child. Certainly one of the producers is keen, having exclusively told Express.co.uk this a few years ago. DON'T MISSDaniel Radcliffe ‘I won't see Harry Potter and the Cursed Child’ [CURSED CHILD PLAY]Harry Potter and the Cursed Child Broadway REVIEWS [REVIEWS]Daniel Radcliffe thinks more Harry Potter books would be 'fantastic' [HARRY POTTER BOOKS] Harry Potter and Fantastic Beasts producer Lionel Wigram told us: “Whatever she wants, as far as I’m concerned, is right. I think [Cursed Child] would make a great movie. Maybe at some point she’ll be ready to do that. I think it’s got a wonderful, long, theatrical run…it works brilliantly as a piece of theatre. I love the fact that there’s another aspect of the Harry Potter world which is completely different from everything else. I think it’s very special as it is and there will be a time when she’s maybe ready to do it [as a movie].” At the time, in 2017, Warner Bros commented: “Harry Potter and the Cursed Child is a stage play, with no plans for there to be a film.” Who knows if that’s still the case five years on though? Aside from Radcliffe, there is enthusiasm from other members of the Harry Potter family for an adaptation to be made. Ron Weasley star Grint told GMB in January: “I can’t really think of a reason not to. I love that character, I love that world. It’s a huge part of my life. I would [come back]. If the others did, I think, yeah!” On top of him, Christopher Columbus who directed the first two Harry Potter movies would love to helm a Cursed Child movie. Also referencing the Star Wars sequel trilogy, he told The Hollywood Reporter: “A version of Cursed Child with Dan, Rupert, and Emma at the right age, it’s cinematic bliss. If you’re a film nerd or cinephile, it’s kind of like what J.J. [Abrams] did with Star Wars. Star Wars really started to be great again when J.J. made the film and we had all the original cast back. There’s no question if you’re a Star Wars fan, you were moved just seeing them on screen. Seeing Harrison Ford as Han Solo again, and Chewy. It was very moving.” SOURCESOURCE