President Zelensky was seen by those asked in Ukraine very positively with a net favourability of +79, whereas Mr Johnson came in second at +49.6. Russian President Vladimir Putin was deeply unpopular across those polled in Ukraine, with a net favourability of -86.7. The poll was conducted jointly by Cygnal, Gradus, and Response: AI, covering 3,674 people from March 6 to March 7 across the UK, EU, US and Ukraine. Mr Zelensky maintained a positive public impression for those in the UK, scoring a 78.7 percent approval rating in the UK and just shy of two-thirds backing him in the US. Mr Zelensky was seen favourably by 69.2 percent of those polled in the EU. Mr Johnson hailed Mr Zelensky’s appearance in the House of Commons earlier this week, as the Ukrainian President appeared via video link in the chamber. Mr Zelensky thanked the UK for its support of Ukraine throughout the lead-up and the reality of the Russian invasion, saying: "We are thankful for this help and I am grateful to you Boris.” He continued: "Please increase the pressure of sanctions against [Russia] and please recognise this country as a terrorist country.” He added: "Please make sure that you do what needs to be done and what is stipulated by the greatness of your country." He called on the spirit of Winston Churchill as he told MPs: “We will fight in the forests, in the fields, on the shores, in the streets." READ MORE: Putin’s troops shooting OWN comrades for not killing innocent The poll showed strong support from Western countries and from Ukrainians for EU, UK and US for financial packages for Ukraine. Just short of seven in ten Americans backed financial aid for Ukraine, jumping to 79.5 percent in the UK. This figure hovered at 75.3 percent in the European Union. It also highlighted a reticence in those surveyed for military intervention from the West, including the instituting of a ‘no-fly zone’ in Ukrainian airspace. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Rejoiners demand urgent 're-run' of referendum [LIVE] Poignant pictures show US bombers at UK airbase amid World War 3 fears [REPORT] Russians disclose General’s death as comms broken by OWN army [REVEAL] Less than two in five Americans were in favour of their country “joining the military response” - a figure only slightly higher in the UK at 41.9 percent. For those in the EU, 37.6 percent would support their military forces wading into the war. Western leaders have maintained their opposition to instituting a ‘no-fly zone’ above Ukraine, or to deploying troops to fight with Putin’s forces in the country. Speaking to MPs in the Commons, the Ukrainian President once again called for the enforcing of a no-fly zone, pleading with politicians to “please make sure that our Ukrainian skies are safe". However, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg has reiterated that NATO forces are “not going to move into Ukraine, neither on the ground, nor in the Ukrainian airspac