Last month, during a visit to the Children’s Museum in Copenhagen, Kate, 40, teased that meeting babies makes her “very broody” and that she often jokes with her husband, Prince William, about “having another one”. While at the museum, the Duchess of Cambridge met with first-time parents who are benefiting from the Understanding Your Baby research project. After meeting with two eight-month-old baby boys and their parents, the Duchess joked: “It makes me very broody. “William always worries about me meeting under one-year-olds. I come home saying, ‘let’s have another one’.” Emily Nash, Royal Editor at Hello! claims the Duchess once again showed off her “broody” side during her latest joint engagement with her husband. On Tuesday, Kate and Prince William, 39, marked St David's Day by meeting young people in Wales, leaders in the agricultural sector and even trying their hands at making Welsh cakes. The couple visited Abergavenny and Blaenavon during their visit, including a stop off at Abergavenny Market. While there, the royal couple learned first-hand how important local suppliers are to the rural community. Following their visit, Emily Nash shared a video of the couple exiting the market, and the pair stopped to interact with two local women, both holding young babies. In the video, the Duke can be heard saying “Aw look” before gesturing to the youngsters, while Kate pulls on her gloves. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's comeback plan to RETURN as 'part-time royals' Kate then cooed over the babies and turned to speak with William, before placing her hand on his back. Accompanying the video, Emily wrote: “William and Kate on their first joint walkabout since the pandemic outside Abergavenny Market earlier. “It seems Kate wasn’t joking when she said that William worries that meeting young babies makes her broody! Lots of little ones in traditional costume for St David’s Day.” The video was met with delight by royal fans, with some gushing about the potential of a fourth Cambridge baby. A fan account for William and Kate called DuchessDearly wrote: “It's so funny how Catherine turns to William once they see the babies! Just say yes William!” DON'T MISS Queen’s traditional present to soldiers on St David’s Day explained [INSIGHT] Prince Charles gives update on Queen's health after Covid [REPORT] Meghan Markle and Harry hailed as 'world leaders' [REVEAL] Maria wrote: “She is such a great mum! I’d love to see a 4th baby Cambridge.” Another called Angie added: “She’s wearing him down. Definitely see them having number 4.” While Fan account LoveforCambridg shared their amusement after watching the footage, writing: “Love his horror and her delight when they saw the babies! So funny.” One more wrote: “Guys, from all over UK, please listen if you have babies. Keep turning up wherever W&C goes with your babies. Please, till W gives in, and we get a little sister for Louis. Our little boss baby loves babies.” At the start of their day in Wales, William and Kate visited Pant Farm, a goat farm near Abergavenny. While there, the Duke and Duchess heard from farmers Gary and Jess Yeomans about their decades-long work as well as the challenges and opportunities their sector faces. At the farm, the couple had the opportunity to cuddle and pet the animals, and Kate was filmed bursting into laughter as an excitable goat bit at one of her sleeves. After a visit to Abergavenny Market, they then visited a youth club at Blaenavon Hwb in Blaenavon and played a game of pool. The community-focused youth centre helps to support more than 600 young people in the surrounding area.