Holidaymakers from the UK who visit France can expect to pay huge fees to take cash out of ATMs in the country. French banks are imposing up to €5 to withdraw money from ATMs. Some customers have even reported a new flat fee of €18 on transfers from the UK. These changes will affect British visitors who do not have a French bank account. The new fee was implemented by French bank Credit Agricole. A Credit Agricole spokesperson told Connexion they were looking into the issue, but added that: “Each regional bank of Credit Agricole is an autonomous entity and decides its own charges policy.” Under the Single Euro Payments Area (Sepa) rules, international transfers should incur no more charges than domestic transfers. READ MORE: ‘No hesitation’ Defector issues chilling nuclear warning  The UK is still a member of Sepa but post-Brexit British banks are not being protected by this rule. Bianca Shulz, the French director for the European Consumer Centre, said the new measures being applied to Britain are not consistent with the rules. She said: "Even though the UK has left the EU, it remains a Sepa member." Britons were quick to respond with fury at the new fees. DON'T MISS:‘Paranoid' Putin 'holding back' full Russian army in 'fear' [INSIGHT]Russia's plans for stealth invasion of Baltic states laid bare [ANALYSIS]Oil Price surge: Fears of ‘de-facto lockdown’ soar [DATA]  Express.co.uk reader 'AndrewUK' said: "Tit for tat, charge the French visiting here, so the Remainers think the EU is wonderful, they are more deluded than I thought." Another Express.co.uk reader, bmcgifford, said: "The UK should treat EU citizens in the same manner as UK citizens in Europe are being treated, if a UK passport holder can only remain in the EU for six months then it should be similar for an EU citizen in the UK, if a UK citizen has to have health insurance for treatment in the EU then an EU citizen should have to have the same here." However, one reader, SarahBe said: "Well, you all voted for that! "Enjoy Brexit! "Jacob Rees-Mogg, did you take note of that?" Although, a reader called 'bizliz' responded and said: "Yep Brexit is great. "EU is a wallowing mess." 