Sergey Lavrov stressed that, if a third world war was to happen, it would involve the use of nuclear weapons. He told Al Jazeera: "World War 3 will be a devastating nuclear war." This follows Vladimir Putin's orders to his military forces to place Russian "deterrent forces" on a "special mode of combat duty". This includes Russia's nuclear arsenal. The Foreign Minister's statement comes after dozens of international diplomats walked out of a conference at the UN Human Rights Council as Lavrov addressed the crowd. More than 100 diplomats left the room as Lavrov defended the Russian invasion of Ukraine on Tuesday.  Lavrov put the blame for the war in Ukraine at Kyiv's door, claiming Ukraine had attempted to acquire nuclear weapons and therefore posed a "real danger" to Moscow. He said: "Today the dangers that [Ukrainian President] Zelensky's regime pose for neighbouring countries and international security in general have increased substantially after the authorities set up in Kyiv have embarked upon dangerous games related to plans to acquire their own nuclear weapons." He added: "Ukraine still has Soviet nuclear technologies and the means of delivery of such weapons. "We cannot fail to respond to this real danger."  Among the envoys who took a stance during Lavrov's speech were representatives of the UK, US, Japan and the EU. The few remaining included Venezuela, China and Syria. The walk-out was spearheaded by Ukrainian ambassador, Yevheniia Filipenko. She said: “Thank you very much for this wonderful show of support to Ukrainians who are fighting for their independence.”  Lavrov's speech was widely condemned among delegates as a display of misinformation from the Kremlin. German ambassador, Katharina Stasch, condemned his address, saying: “Foreign Minister Lavrov’s grotesque claims must be exposed for what they are: a cynical distortion of the facts." Lavrov appeared by videolink at the UN Human Rights Council meeting, citing "outrageous measures by the European Union" for his virtual appearance. His aircraft was not able to pass through EU airspace, as EU sanctions against Russia mean the bloc's airspace is closed to flights from Russia. MORE TO FOLLOW...