Jane McDonald, 58, married her second husband Henrik Brixen in 1998, however, the marriage ended in just four years. The former Loose Women star has spoken about the demise of the relationship and how it felt like "everything ripped from under" her in an unearthed interview. Jane's marriage seemed to be picture perfect at the beginning, as the pair shared their nuptials in a Caribbean fairytale-style wedding. Henrik and Jane met whilst she was filming the BBC documentary The Cruise. However, by 2002 their relationship had hit the rocks, with the divorce finalised in 2003. Speaking to the Daily Mail about the relationship in 2008, she said: "I was gobsmacked when it didn’t work out. READ MORE: 'Can't believe it' Dick Strawbridge bids farewell to special show "I sat at home for six months with the shutters down until my mum said, 'Come on, get off your backside'. "I didn’t even want to leave the house – I felt such a failure I didn’t want to see anyone." Jane said the divorce made her "question" herself in "every way", revealing it was the most "unhappy" time of her life. She continued: "I was with the wrong person, fundamentally. And when it all went wrong, I felt like everything had been ripped out from under me." Henrik was also Jane's manager at the time, so when the relationship ended her "confidence was knocked to smithereens". Jane's fiance Eddie Rother died last year at the age of 67, with the pair starting to date in 2008. Eddie was a member of the 60s rock band The Searchers whose hits included Sweets for my Sweet and Super and Spice. They first dated for a few months back in 1980 when Jane was just 17. DON'T MISS... 'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [COMMENT] Peter Bowles dead: To The Manor Born star dies at 85 from cancer [DEATH] Amanda Holden, 51, puts on eye-popping display in silky blouse [PICTURES] Jane admitted that at the time due to Eddie's crazy lifestyle, but years later they were the perfect match. She said: "He was really rock and roll in those days, well he still is, but he’s calmed down a lot now. The pair got back together in 2008 and became engaged after Eddie proposed on Christmas Eve of that year. Jane announced in March last year that Eddie had died after being diagnosed with lung cancer. She said in a statement that he had been battling the disease over the past few months. She wrote: "It is with immense sadness that we share the news that Jane’s beloved life partner, Ed, passed away on Friday 26th March. "He had been battling lung cancer for the last few months. "We would like to thank everyone for all their help and support during this very difficult time, especially the NHS staff and the wonderful team at The Wakefield Hospice."