The war between Russia and Ukraine began a fortnight ago, when Russian forces crossed the border and began to make their way towards Kyiv. The world watched on with horror and indignation - not least Sam Rice, who has expressed her anger with the Russian President by blocking him from her establishment if he were to visit Burton-upon-Trent. Ms Rice runs the Loaf and Cheese, on Waterloo Street, in the town near the border with Derbyshire. She added that the ire runs deeper than just the pub’s management. The locals of the Loaf and Cheese would have something to say to Putin if he walked through the door for a drink, she said. She told StaffordshireLive: "What he is doing is just wrong. “It is all my customers are talking about at the moment. "They said if he came in they would wreck him. “It is absolutely wrong what he is doing." A number of food and drink outlets have thrown their support behind the Ukrainian people as the invasion continues to displace millions of people and destroy infrastructure across the country. READ MORE: Russians disclose General’s death as comms broken by OWN army On Tuesday, fast-food chain McDonald’s announced it would temporarily shut around 850 shops in Russia, joining Coca-Cola and Starbucks in suspending operations in Russia. The chain said it felt it was an appropriate response to the “needless human suffering unfolding in Ukraine”. They added it was “impossible to predict” when the shops would reopen. Chris Kempczinski, chief executive of McDonald’s, said in a memo made available to the public that “our values mean we cannot ignore the needless human suffering unfolding in Ukraine”. DON'T MISS: Zelensky was a Churchill in a room Chamberlains, says PAUL BALDWIN [COMMENT] Ukraine LIVE: Putin’s forces scuppered by snow as -20C [LIVE] Couple lives on less than £1 a day to pay off £43,000 debt [REPORT] Ukrainian President, Volodymyr Zelensky, spoke directly to MPs in the House of Commons on Tuesday afternoon, appealing for further aid from the listening politicians. MPs in the Commons rose to their feet as Mr Zelensky spoke to the chamber via videolink. He told the House: “We are looking for your help, for the help of Western countries. "We are thankful for this help and I am grateful to you, Boris.” "Please increase the pressure of sanctions against this country (Russia) and please recognise this country as a terrorist country.” He added: "Please make sure that you do what needs to be done and what is stipulated by the greatness of your country. "Glory to Ukraine and glory to the United Kingdom." Additional reporting by Helen Kreft.