A new report published by the ONS on Monday reveals how long Covid is affecting some of the youngest in UK society. The report says: “Since March 2020, 1.0 percent of primary school-aged pupils and 2.7 percent of secondary school-aged pupils met the Delphi criteria for having experienced long Covid lasting at least 12 weeks.” Furthermore, the report also found that on symptoms loss of taste and smell: “was the only symptom group where the prevalence was significantly higher for those who had received a positive coronavirus test since March 2020 than those who hadn’t.” It is important to note that while one and two percent sounds like small numbers, in practice it equates to thousands of children. READ MORE: Covid: The 'No 1' symptom seen in the UK right now  According to the government website there were “8.9 million pupils attending 24,400 schools in England in 2020/21”. If 2 percent of that school cohort has long Covid symptoms, that equates to 178,000 young children who could be affected by a form of long Covid. While long Covid may not be particularly severe in those children, for some it may not be, for some the impact is severe. This increase in severity has been found in the impact of the virus on the mental health of the children concerned.  The ONS report said: “Primary school pupils with long Covid were significantly more likely to have a probable mental disorder than those without long Covid." Statistically this meant: “For primary school pupils, 111 percent of those who received a positive COVID-19 had a probable mental disorder and 7.2 percent of those who hadn’t received a positive test had a probable mental disorder.” A similar trend was followed for secondary school pupils: “Years 7 to 13, 13.9 percent of those who received a positive COVID-19 test had a probable mental disorder”. Overall, the ONS report concluded that: “Pupils who have experienced long Covid are more likely to have a probable mental disorder.” As with other institutions and reports, this highlights the ongoing youth mental health crisis in the UK. Since the start of the pandemic the youngest generations have been hit on all sides from an educational, emotional, and biological standpoint. Along with the rest of the nation they have had to be separated from friends and have lost loved ones to a virus that has claimed over 150,000 lives. This has taken its toll and the NHS is beginning to see a rise in the number of young people coming in with eating and mental health disorders. NHS leaders have said there is a “second pandemic” of mental health disorders on the horizon. As a result, more services will need to be created in order to serve those patients who need specialist mental health support. Along with the ONS report, it is yet another indication of how badly hurt the youngest generations have been. For more information on mental health conditions and treatments available contact the NHS or consult with your GP.