England came from behind to beat Switzerland as a much changed side from Gareth Southgate showed the heart of an experienced outfit at Wembley. Harry Kane was the hero once again as he edged closer to Wayne Rooney's England record. It wasn't the start that a packed Wembley Stadium was expecting as Breel Embolo put the Swiss ahead in the 22nd minute with a fine header. But Luke Shaw casted flashbacks across the nation with a smart finish of his own to level the score just before half-time. England enjoyed the majority of the play in the second half, but were made wait until the 78th minute when a VAR decision awarded Harry Kane the chance to slot home a penalty and draw level with Sir Bobby Charlton on the list of all-time England goalscorers. So after a busy night of action in captial, Express Sport looks back at five things we learned. It's been a difficult season for Everton stopper Jordan Pickford, who has only kept five clean sheets in 25 appearances so far. But hats must go off to him again for putting his club woes behind him after pulling on that England shirt. It wasn't a perfect performance from the 28-year-old, but his shot stopping certainly kept England in the game at times. Nick Pope and, in particular, Aaron Ramsdale will certainly have dreams of usurping Pickford, but for now he has to remain England's no. 1. If there's one position England aren't particularly short on, it's right-backs. But after earning a call-up with some fine form for Southampton, Kyle Walker-Peters wasn't messing about after being given his chance to shine. It wasn't long ago that Walker-Peters could barely get a look in at Tottenham, but performances like this will make it difficult for Southgate to overlook him, even with world-class talents such as Kyle Walker and Trent Alexander-Arnold knocking on the door.  Conor Gallagher has been one of the standout stars of the Premier League this season during his loan spell at Crystal Palace from Chelsea. And my oh my, what a player we have on our hands here. Eyebrows were raised when the 22-year-old was hooked on the hour mark, but Gallagher really showed what all the fuss is about with a near-complete midfield performance. This is a star in the making, and expect to see him don the Three Lions again, and again, and again. There were plenty of familiar faces in the England team, but also some who are less well known that were picked by Southgate. Along with Kane et al., was Marc Guehi and Kyle Walker-Peters. Having been given an audition on a relatively big stage, those emerging talents certainly gave Southgate something to think about with a World Cup awaiting England this winter. There aren't many players in recent memory who have become more synonymous with England than Tottenham striker Harry Kane. And his excellent penalty was a fitting way to bring up his 49th goal for the Three Lions. Kane now has 49 England goals to his name now, meaning only Wayne Rooney stands ahead of him on the list, with 53. The Spurs forward turns 29 this summer, and with the armband not leaving his side any time soon, it's more than likely he'll be at the top of the list soon enough.