Piers Morgan, 56, has once again taken to Twitter to condemn Russian President Vladmir Putin as he continues to "slaughter" Ukrainians. The former Good Morning Britain presenter has called for the world to stand up to Putin, along with leaders with "the guts to do it". Piers posted a series of tweets this evening in response to distressing pictures from Ukraine. Journalist Olga Tokairiuk took to Twitter to post pictures of pregnant Ukrainian women "covered in blood", along with pictures of dead bodies being put into mass graves. In response, Piers said in view of his 7.9 million followers: "FFS. How can we ignore this? (sic) "The world must stand up to Putin, and we need leaders with the guts to do it." READ MORE: Strictly's Janette Manrara discusses 'pulling plug' on show with Aljaz He also took to Twitter to comment on a video showing Russian troops directly targeting a maternity hospital, full of women and children. In response, Piers said: "This is so f*****g disgusting. "Putin's a genocidal monster deliberately slaughtering women & babies. "At what point do we stop watching him commit these sickening war crimes and do something to stop him? "Our cowardly inaction is shameful & pathetic." (sic) Many social media users took to the comments of both posts to express their sadness on what is happening in Ukraine. Deanyemery said: "For once I agree with you @PiersMorgan. "All those arguing against action as it would cause WW3 are just delaying the inevitable. DON'T MISS... Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [INSIGHT] Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top [INSTAGRAM] Louise Minchin speaks out on stalking ordeal ahead of documentary [COMMENT] "Putin will not step down unless he makes some serious gains. If we give him those gains he will just keep on taking." FanofKalyan14 added: "Oh glory to Ukraine. Keep the light shining on the bravest President." KmKent2359 commented: "I have been saying this from the beginning! We need to take action NOW!" After the attack on the maternity hospital, The United Nations and the World Health Organisation have called for an "immediate halt to attacks on health care, hospitals, health care workers and ambulances." United Nations spokesperson Stephane Dujarric added: "None of these should ever, ever be a target." The World Health Organization has so far verified at least 18 different attacks on health facilities since the Russian invasion of Ukraine began. It said those attacks have caused at least 10 deaths and 16 injuries. The United Nations human rights office has verified 1,424 civilian casualties since the invasion of Ukraine began two weeks ago. 516 people have been killed and 908 injured, but the United Nations human rights office believes the real figures are "considerably higher".