The alarm has been sounded by campaigners after a commercial poultry farm near Stowmarket, in Suffolk, yesterday brought the count of premises affected by H5N1 bird flu up to a total of 108. In comparison, there were just 26 outbreaks of the “highly pathogenic“ infection in the UK last winter. Since late October 2021, more than two million captive birds have been culled in an effort to stop the disease from spreading. Bird flu — or avian influenza — is a viral infection similar to the strains that infect humans, pigs, dogs and horses. While it mainly affects birds, it can spread to humans and other mammals, although fortunately, human-to-human transmission remains a challenge for the virus at present. However, nearly 900 cases of the H5N1 strain have been recorded in humans, with a fatality rate of more than 50 percent. For comparison, seasonal flu kills only 0.1 percent of those infected. Symptoms of the flu in birds include a swollen head, closed or watery eyes; lethargy, apparent loss of coordination,  drooping or dragging of the wings, neck or legs, loss of appetite; respiratory problems; fever, trembling; and discoloured or watery droppings. The virus spreads from bird to bird mainly through either direct contact or through contaminated bodily fluids or faecal matters. It can also be spread by means of contaminated feed or water and via dirty clothing, footwear or vehicles.  Vegan campaign group Viva! have launched a campaign to highlight the risks posed by avian influenza to human health, and how such might be mitigated. They said: “There is a deadly infection spreading around the UK at unprecedented levels — avian influenza, otherwise known as bird flu. “Never before has the UK experienced such an outbreak. “With infection numbers reaching record-breaking levels and the UK Health Security Agency announcing a confirmed case of bird flu in a human — alarms bells have begun to ring.” The continued spread of the disease, the charity claimed, “suggests biosecurity measures are failing". They added: “Avian Influenza Prevention Zones, strict biosecurity measures and lockdown — with all captive birds, including free-range and backyard flocks, ordered by law to be housed indoors — have failed, bird flu continues to spread.” Farmers have been forced to keep their poultry inside since November last year as a result of the influenza outbreak — and as of last week are now prohibited from labelling their eggs as “free-range” and must now label them as “barn eggs” instead. READ MORE: Free range eggs no longer available in UK supermarkets due to bird flu According to Viva!, the poultry industry likes to blame the spread of avian influenza on migratory birds. According to the campaign group, 500 wild birds in the UK have tested positive for bird flu — although it is estimated that thousands more may have died. On Scotland’s Solway coast, for example, ornithologists estimate that some 3,000–4,000 barnacle geese have died as a result of the outbreak. Viva! founder Juliet Gellatley claims that “the real problem is factory farming". She added: “Whilst wild birds undoubtedly contribute to the local spread of the virus in the wild, it is human commercial activities, particularly those associated with poultry, that are the major factors responsible for the global spread of bird flu. “Large, industrial-sized units — housing tens of thousands of birds — provide the ideal environment for infectious diseases to spread and mutate. “Viva! have been into these hellholes and exposed the horrific conditions these birds are forced to endure during their short lives.” DON'T MISS:Morocco offers UK 'abundant resources' to slash Russian ties [INSIGHT]Solar storm warning: NASA predicts direct Earth hit from 'fast' impact [ANALYSIS]Macron humiliated by Germany for being ‘dishonest’ over Russia crisis [REPORT] Ms Gellatley said: “Over one billion chickens are slaughtered for their meat in the UK every year and around 95 per cent are intensively reared on factory farms. “There are 24 billion chickens in the world — more than three birds for every single person on the planet. “Whichever way you look at it, domesticated poultry are massively over-represented among the world’s bird population. “We are giving bird flu every chance to mutate and become infectious to humans.” Public health expert David Nabarro of Imperial College London — who is the World Health Organisation special envoy on COVID-19 — has previously warned that should H5N1 mutate and become more transmissible, the resulting pandemic could kill anywhere between five–150 million people across the globe. Similar concerns have been expressed by virologist Robert Webster of the St Jude Children’s Research Hospital in Tennessee and his colleagues. In a 2006 paper in the journal Emerging Infectious Diseases, they wrote: “Conventional wisdom about pandemic influenza holds that a pandemic is inevitable and that the only question remaining is ‘When?’ “The H5N1 virus continues to evolve and spread, with additional human infections occurring in Vietnam, Cambodia, Indonesia, China, and Thailand. “If this virus acquires human-to-human transmissibility with its present fatality rate of 50 percent, the resulting pandemic would be akin to a global tsunami. “If it killed those infected at even a fraction of this rate, the results would be catastrophic.” More information on the campaign can be read on the Viva! website.