Naga Munchetty, 47, took to her Twitter account to set the record straight after a “member of the public” found her cat and gave her to a local vet, falsely telling the staff that the cat appeared malnourished. The BBC Breakfast star recounted the moment she received a call from the veterinarian to let her know that someone had found her cat. In view of her 267,000 followers, Naga shared a picture of the long-haired feline eating from her food bowl. She typed: “Tonight's mini adventure: Missy gets let out for half an hour (she refuses to use the cat flap and this is a regular evening occurence). “I take a shower and get organised. “Next thing a phone call telling me that the cat has been handed in by a member of the public to the vet.” (Sic) She continued: “I collect wayward cat. “Vet (who I've known for years) says  member of public believes Missy is hungry as she's so thin. “Vet explained that said cat is very old but very well loved. “Member of public not convinced. “Upshot: Missy is no longer allowed out to roam for her safety.” In a separate tweet, Naga simply exclaimed: “Cats!” Fans of the TV star and fellow cat owners shared Naga’s relief following the feline’s ordeal as they uploaded pictures of their own pets. Mary86976292 said, attaching a picture of a cat: “I'm glad Misty is home now, after her little adventure. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan blasts Justin Trudeau after royal meeting with the Queen [LATEST]Eddie Boxshall pens emotional post to ex-fiancee Denise Van Outen [UPDATE]'Royal-trashing whine-a-thon' Piers Morgan stands by Meghan Markle row [INSIGHT] “Here's my furbaby Willow... Who's not a baby anymore as she is 20 years old, but sometimes acts like she is still a youngster.” Shankleychamp added, alongside a picture of their cat: “Exciting times for Missy!! “Good to hear we aren't the only cat parents who get up and down to open the door, despite there being a fully functioning cat flap! Hi to Missy from Stan.” ShayNicol23 typed: “I've not got a cat now, but I see this contemptuous ginger fur ball sometimes on his 'patrols' of our houses! “Only chooses when and how long if any that you can stroke him. Liked playing with the stick though.” (sic) SequinSte stated: “You would think as they get older, they’d get wiser. “That seems not to be the case. They just turn into dopey kittens. “Such a regal lady though.”