William Saliba is yet to be told of Arsenal's plan for him next season, according to reports. Other teams in England are said to be interested in signing the defender if he were to leave Arsenal. Saliba is currently spending this season out on loan at Marseille. It is the third loan spell he has been on since signing for Arsenal for £27million in 2019. The 21-year-old is yet to make a single first-team appearance for Arsenal. But his performances at Marseille earned him a first call-up to the senior France squad earlier this week. Saliba's contract at Arsenal runs until 2024, if the Gunners choose to activate a one-year extension to the current deal. But The Athletic claims he is unlikely to commit to a new contract until his future is decided. READ MORE: Merson proven wrong by Arsenal star who is now 'one of the Premier League's best'  The report says Arsenal have not kept in regular contact with the player during his loan this season. Manager Mikel Arteta and technical director Edu are yet to tell Saliba what their plan for him is next season. But if he were to leave Arsenal, there would be plenty of interest in his signature. Saliba said this week he would be open to staying at Marseille. However, the Ligue 1 club would have to secure Champions League qualification to be able to afford to sign the centre-back. Marseille are well placed to do so, currently sitting second in the table with nine games of the season remaining. But if they were to miss out, there would be interest from other clubs in France and Spain, as well as England. The report does not name which clubs in England who are keeping an eye on Saliba's situation. DON'T MISSMan Utd have new manager announcement timeline despite new option available [REPORT]Achraf Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Lionel Messi and Neymar 'don't speak to him' [GOSSIP]Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt [GOSSIP]  Following confirmation of Saliba's move to Marseille last summer, Arteta explained the decision to let him go out on loan again. He said: "I know that sometimes it’s difficult to explain or understand, after the money that the club has spent trying to bring him in, to send him on loan. “But a lot of things have happened to him. He’s a long-term player for us and we need to protect him as well. And giving him three or four games is not enough.” But there is a growing feeling that Saliba could perhaps never pull on an Arsenal shirt. Gabriel and Ben White have formed a strong partnership at the back this season and breaking into that will be difficult next season. In a World Cup year, Saliba will want to play as much as possible to give him the best chance of remaining a part of Didier Deschamps' squad moving forward. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 