Princess Michael of Kent, born Baroness Marie Christine von Reibnitz, has been described as one of the Royal Family’s most controversial members. The princess is married to the Queen’s cousin, Prince Michael of Kent, and is herself descended from Austrian royalty. Over the years, she has become known for her glamorous and gregarious outspoken ways. Princess Michael has been nicknamed “Princess Pushy” in some royal circles, a moniker reportedly given to her by another member of the Royal Family. The 2020 Channel 5 documentary ‘Princess Michael: The Controversial Royal’ has claimed that the sobriquet was given to the European princess by Princess Anne. Narrator Stephen Greif said: “The moniker ‘Princess Pushy’, a phrase that’s said to have been started by Princess Anne, was one that would stick, and was quickly picked up on by others.” Princess Michael tackled the nickname in an interview with The Telegraph in 2000. She said: "It comes up all the time but nobody has ever given an incident of where I have pushed. We're not very social. We don't go out that much. But they had to put a handle on me. I guess someone said, 'She pushed her way into this family'. I didn't. I held out for years, refusing to marry." However, the princess has garnered a reputation to go with the nickname. Bidisha, film maker and broadcaster told the documentary: “She did what she wanted when she wanted, and as a result, the rest of the royals began calling her the pushy princess because she wanted things her way.” Julie Montagu, Viscountess Hinchingbrooke added: “It was all on her timetable, not anybody else’s. So, she was very, very well known for turning up when she wanted to. Definitely not on time, but also making demands. “She kind of works, and still does, to her own agenda.” Ever since they married, in 1978, Prince and Princess Michael have been at the centre of many controversies. In 2002, they caused a stir when it was revealed that the Queen had provided them with rent-free living space in Kensington Palace, despite their lack of official duties. The Queen subsequently began paying the rent for the space out of her personal funds, but by 2010, following intense public backlash, they had reportedly agreed to handle the payments themselves. DON'T MISS:Queen absolutely 'thrilled' after monarch treated to special LA visit [REPORT] Queen almost ran out of money before ‘generous’ deal saved Firm [INSIGHT] Princess Beatrice's stepson Wolfie in heartbreaking remark [ANALYSIS] This earned them the nickname ‘Rent-A-Kents’, reportedly given to them by Prince Charles. Princess Michael’s strained relationships with members of the Royal Family don’t end there. Channel 5 documentary “Royals at War” delved into the tense relationships between Princess Michael and Princess Diana. The Princess of Wales’ former security officer Ken Wharfe said: “I didn’t think her relationship with the Royal Family was particularly friendly, there was an air of snobbery about her." Mr Wharfe also spoke about how Diana also had a nickname for the Princess. He said: “Diana used to refer to her as the U-Boat Commander, it was really common knowledge.” Meanwhile, Princess Michael made her feelings for the Princess of Wales clear when she spoke to an undercover reporter, now known as the “fake sheikh”. Royal author Katie Nicholl explained: “Princess Michael of Kent described Diana as ‘nasty’ and ‘bitter’. “She alleged that Charles was jealous of his wife’s fame.” Although Prince and Princess Michael are not working royals, they still represent the Queen at some royal events. However, they do not receive public funds for their work at such events. Prince Michael is Patron for a large number of charities and organisations, while Princess Michael is actively involved in many animal and wildlife trusts and health and welfare charities. She is also Patron of the London Arts Orchestra and of The Budapest Festival Orchestra.