The Volcanological Institute of the Canary Islands (Involcan) reported 103 earthquakes across the islands. The quakes occurred between February 25 and March 3.  The strongest earthquake measured 2.6 on the Richter scale and occurred 30km from the north coast of Tenerife. Despite the earthquakes, the volcanic alert level on the islands of Tenerife, Lanzarote, Gran Canaria and El Hierro remains at green. This means that tourists and residents can carry out their normal activities on the islands without risk. Following the volcanic eruption on the island of La Palma last year, experts say things have still not returned to normal. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares secret passengers don’t know La Palma is currently at the yellow volcanic alert level. This means that residents and tourists need to remain aware in case volcanic activity increases. However, only low levels of seismic activity have been recorded on the island since the eruption came to an end. Involcan said that the Canary Islands are prone to experiencing moderate seismic activity. The Canarian Geochemical Network recorded a higher level of volcanic gas emissions in Tenerife recently. However, it added that the process is normal in an active volcanic area and does not mean an eruption is likely. The volcanic eruption on La Palma caused widespread damage and destroyed over 1,000 homes. It also damaged banana plantations and essential infrastructure such as roads and transport facilities. Some tourism officials on the island have appealed for tourists to return to support the local economy. Some tourists have visited the islands as part of a volcanic tour where visitors can view a volcano from a safe distance. Volcano tourism is a controversial practice as some people believe it is disrespectful to people impacted by the eruption. However, others see it as a way to revive the tourism economy and bring visitors back to the island. Volcanic tourism is not without dangers and in 2019, 22 people died during a visit to a volcano in New Zealand. British tourists who want to travel to the Canary Islands will need to be fully vaccinated unless they have a recent recovery certificate. Unvaccinated British teenagers aged between 12-17 will need to take a PCR test 72 hours before travel. The Canary Islands still have a few Covid restrictions in place including a ban on dancing in nightlife venues. There are also restrictions on the maximum number of people who can meet indoors and tourists must wear a face mask indoors.