Secretary of State for Transport Grant Shapps has announced all remaining Covid travel measures will be scrapped for those travelling the UK. The news has been hailed by members of the travel industry, with Steve Heapy, CEO of Jet2.com and Jet2holidays, saying it has come "at the perfect time". Posting to Twitter, the transport secretary said: "All remaining Covid travel measures, including the Passenger Locator Form and tests for all arrivals, will be stood down for travel to the UK from 4am on March 18. "These changes are possible due to our vaccine rollout and mean greater freedom in time for Easter." In the UK, a total of 140,430,802 COVID-19 vaccines have been given. This includes 52,708,425 first doses, 49,209,241 second doses and 38,513,136 booster doses. READ MORE: Ryanair hand luggage policy - cabin bags The removal of all rules will come into force on Friday, March 18, 2022, for all passengers regardless of their vaccination status. At 4am, both vaccinated and unvaccinated arrivals into the UK will be exempt from taking a coronavirus test before entering the country. The current passenger locator form, which was "simplified" in February, will also be removed in time for the beginning of the Easter holidays in April. Previously, Mr Shapps described the form as "ridiculously complicated". However, holidaymakers will still need to check the travel rules of the country they are hoping to visit. DON'T MISSLastminute.com launches spring holiday deals and book hotels from £42 [DEAL]Cruise worker on paradise island shares ‘the best’ tip [INSIDER]Flight attendant explains what happens with ‘violent’ passengers [COMMENT] Jet2's CEO said: “Two years after the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, today’s announcement marks international travel finally returning to normal. "The removal of needless forms and ineffective testing regimes means that customers can at long last enjoy hassle-free travel, just like they did before the pandemic. "With Easter just around the corner and Summer fast approaching, this announcement comes at the perfect time. "Since restrictions started to be eased at the beginning of the year, we have experienced strong, sustained demand and the complete removal of forms and requirements will boost that demand even further.” The Government has said it is working on creating a contingency plan in case any new strains of coronavirus emerge in the future. These are expected to be unveiled in time for the April holidays as part of the "Living with Covid" plan. Under this plan, new measures at the border will be considered only in "extreme circumstances". Travel became one of the hardest-hit industries by coronavirus restrictions. According to the Office of National Statistics (ONS)," turnover in travel and tourism businesses fell to its lowest level in 2020 in May, at just 26 percent of February levels, compared with 73.6 percent in all other industries. A Virgin Atlantic spokesman said the move to "frictionless" travel will restore passenger "confidence". They commented: "The removal of all remaining UK travel restrictions, including the passenger locator form, is the final important step towards frictionless air travel, helping to further restore consumer confidence as we welcome more customers back to the skies this Spring and Summer." Mike Tibbert, president of The Scottish Passenger Agents’ Association (SPAA), the professional body for travel agents and the travel sector in Scotland added: "Today’s news is the boost both our members and the industry need." 