Richard Madley’s passion for antiques is a family affair as he followed in his father’s footsteps when he became an auctioneer. The Bargain Hunt expert is a beloved regular on the BBC show and has travelled all around the world establishing his career in the international auction market. As for his personal life, Express.co.uk has everything you need to know. Richard Madley is an international auctioneer for the Indian Premier League. He joined Bargain Hunt seven years ago and has been a regular ever since. Richard was born and raised in Cardiff and played hockey for Wales under-21s. He aspired to be a professional cricketer but instead focussed on a career in auctioneering. Read more: Tim Weeks partner: Is the Bargain Hunt expert married? His father jointly ran Lucas & Madley auctioneers in Cardiff which specialised in selling homes and their contents. Richard has been married for 40 years and the couple are parents to Flora, Harry and Olly. His wife is an auctioneer herself and so was his father-in-law. Meanwhile, the Bargain Hunt expert’s mother-in-law was an antiques dealer. As well as appearing on Bargain Hunt, Richard has appeared on Antiques Roadshow. He is a passionate collector of antiques himself and he and his wife share an impressive collection of Poole Pottery and vesta cases. Speaking about his collection, he said: “I started with stamps then moved to coins but became hooked on bottles (all by the age of 11). “My father bought me a box of Britain's lead soldiers which I added to, then sold them all to buy my first house. DON'T MISSDanny Sebastian height: How tall is the Bargain Hunt expert? [INSIGHT]Bargain Hunt expert left mum 'furious' over antique chair  [VIDEO]Bargain Hunt's Charlie Ross on biggest break 'Fate of circumstance' [INTERVIEW] “I built up an impressive collection of postcards which I sold to re-roof that first house. “I built up an even better collection of Poole Pottery over twenty years which I sold to pay school fees. “My current area of collecting is Wisden Cricketer's Almanacks which I will probably sell to finance my nursing home fees!” The antiques expert previously revealed his most memorable team on Bargain Hunt was the very first one he led. He added: “Well I've got to say the very first team I lead in Peterborough in 2014. “Memorable principally due to the look on their faces when I confessed that I didn't know what a ‘golden gavel’ was. “Made even more memorable when we won one on my very first appearance on the show.” Bargain Hunt airs every day on BBC One at 12.15pm.