Nationwide’s latest HPI has found that the annual house price growth increased to 14.3 percent in March, from 12.6 percent in February. The average house price in the UK now stands at £265,312, up from the £260,230 last month, with prices increasing by more than £33,000 in the past year. Commenting on the figures, Robert Gardner, Nationwide’s Chief Economist, said: “March saw a further acceleration in annual house price growth to 14.3 percent, the strongest pace of increase since November 2004. “Prices rose by 1.1 percent month-on-month, after taking account of seasonal effects, the eight consecutive monthly increase. “The price of a typical UK home climbed to a new record high of £265,312, with prices increasing by over £33,000 in the past year. “Prices are now 21 percent higher than before the pandemic struck in early 2020.” READ MORE: Check your boiler is working efficiently ahead of energy price rise Mr Gardener explained the housing market retained a “surprising” amount of momentum despite the rising pressure on household budgets as well as the rise in borrowing costs. The expert added: “A combination of robust demand and limited stock of homes on the market has kept upward pressure on prices.” Detached properties have increased by nearly £68,000 since the start of the pandemic, while average flat prices are up £24,000. Mr Gardener continued: “The significant savings accrued during lockdowns is also likely to have helped prospective homebuyers raise a deposit. DON'T MISS:Prepare the grass for ‘healthy growth’ now by weeding and aerating [COMMENT]Co-living: The new way of renting with Folk at The Palm House [PICTURES]Mrs Hinch fans share how to use 2p coin to ‘dissolve’ limescale [INSIGHT] “We estimate that households accrued an extra £190bn of deposits over and above the pre-pandemic trend since early 2020, due to the impact of Covid on opening patterns. “This is equivalent to around £6,500 per household, although it is important to note that these savings were not evenly spread, with older, wealthier households accruing more of the increase.” Nationwide thinks the housing market is likely to slow down in the quarters ahead. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Iain McKenzie, CEO of The Guild of Property Professionals said it is hard to know how long the “incredible” streak of house price rises will continue for. The expert said: “These are the highest growth figures since 2004, and if this momentum doesn’t slow down soon, economists will have to start dusting off figures from the 1990s. “It will take some time for a decline in consumer confidence to impact on house prices, as the demand for properties is still high and competition for each home is fierce.” Iain said affordability remains a big concern for many, and with the increasing house prices, first-time buyers are worried about being priced out of the market. Commenting in the London Market, Guy Gittins, CEO of Chestertons, said: “Not even half way into March, we had already witnessed a spike in buyer enquiries and sales compared to the same period last year. “Historically, spring marks the beginning of increased market activity with a surge in properties coming to the market. “We expect this to be the case again this year, particularly since strong demand from buyers is driving the capital’s average property price even higher, making a transaction potentially more appealing for sellers.” Regionally, Wales remained the strongest performing, with house prices up 15.3 percent year-on-year, down slightly from 15.8 percent in the previous quarter. Scotland saw a 12 percent year-on-year rise in house prices, the strongest rate of growth since the third quarter of 2007. England also saw an annual price increase to 11.6 percent from nine percent in quarter four of 2021.