Josefin Asplund is best known for her performance as the shieldmaiden Astrid in two of the six seasons of the History Channel’s hit medieval drama, Vikings. After the action-packed series came to an earth-shattering conclusion in 2020, the actress opened up exclusively to Express.co.uk about her experience shooting her death scene with Lagertha’s Katheryn Winnick. Astrid star Josefin revealed she shot one of Vikings’ most emotionally devastating scenes in the show’s history around her birthday. The Swedish actress became known to international viewers as one of Lagertha’s most trusted shieldmaidens in the fourth and fifth seasons of the historical drama. They eventually became lovers, though their relationship came to a tragic and bloody end. Later, Astrid was kidnapped, brutally raped and forced into a marriage with Harald Finehair (played by Peter Franzén), whereupon she became pregnant. READ MORE: Alexander Vlahos age: How old is Outlander’s Allan Christie star? Not knowing who the father is, the shieldmaiden pleaded with Lagertha to kill her as she couldn’t bear the thought of living under Harald’s rule any longer. Recurring star Josefin had mixed feelings about her departure and although she was keen to seek out other projects, she had grown close to the cast over her year spent with the series. She recalled to Express.co.uk: “I was more like, ‘Okay, let’s do this’. I had been on the show for a year at that point, and I’m kind of a restless person. “I love to do different things all the time, and I love the challenges and the big contrasts. I felt quite ready, actually.” Even so, it was difficult to leave the character and set behind after Josefin had spent two seasons getting to know the cruel and immersive world of ancient Scandinavia. “But it’s always sad,” she continued. “It’s a great show and a great group of people. “It was sad, definitely, but I was also ready to take on new adventures.” Thankfully, Josefin wasn’t alone for her departure, as series regular Jasper Pääkkönen also left his role as Halfdan the Black in season five. DON'T MISS:Vikings’ Alexander Ludwig thanks fans on new film shoot [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul fans ‘rumble’ identity of season 6 mystery man [THEORY]Yellowstone’s Beth Dutton star admits backstory was hidden [INTERVIEW] Although Halfdan later returned as a brief vision in season six, the two co-stars rolled their departures, as well as Josefin’s birthday, into one massive farewell party. Josefin added: “And on the day it was very sad. “It was also the same week Jasper had his death scene and his last day. So we shared that sad moment together. “I also turned 25 that same weekend, and it was Jasper’s last weekend. So we mashed it together into a huge party.” Vikings fans have had to watch some of their favourite characters meet a gruesome end over the years, including the show’s heroes Ragnar (Travis Fimmell) and Bjorn (Alexander Ludwig). Now, the show’s legacy continues in a brand new sequel on Netflix, titled Vikings: Valhalla - but, could Astrid eventually make a surprise appearance? The star also told Express.co.uk: “It depends on what way. But yeah, hell yes. It would be fun. “One of the leads, Frida Gustavsson, is one of my friends in Stockholm. So, it would be great to join. “And the whole team is the same team as well, so it would be great to join that. So, what the heck! Why not?” Valhalla may be set around 100 years after the events of the original show, but it might not stop Astrid from returning in a flashback or dream sequence in a future episode. Vikings seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Amazon Prime Video.