Edward and his wife Sophie met charity workers, community leaders and emergency service workers doing important work in the region. The Queen also posted on Twitter to pay tribute to her youngest son on Twitter, something she notably did not do for Prince Andrew’s birthday last month. The Royal Family Twitter account posted a picture of the prince with the caption: “Wishing the Earl of Wessex a very Happy Birthday!” along with a birthday cake emoji. Prince Andrew turned 62 on February 19 but the occasion was not marked by the Queen on social media.  The Countess of Wessex also met 90-year-old Edna Farley for the first time, a pensioner she has been in regular contact with over the COVID-19 pandemic. Coincidentally, March 10 was also Ms Farley’s 90th birthday.  The couple started the day opening the Ken Dodd Happiness Hall, a community centre named in memory of the late entertainer. They also spent time with Ukrainian clergyman Father Taras Khomych and director of Merseyside Polonia Gosia McKane, whose organisation is helping to organise donations to be sent out to Ukraine. Edward and Sophie continued speaking with refugee support workers at Asylum Link Merseyside, before the Earl of Wessex officially opened the new headquarters of the Merseyside Police. The Police Band even gave a performance in honour of the Earl’s birthday  READ MORE: Kate's second wedding dress 'sweet' while Meghan's 'far more her' On Instagram, fans were quick to congratulate the Earl, with one user, @southernsister23, writing: "Happy Birthday to the Earl of Wessex! Wonderful work!" Another user, @dee0151, added another kind message, writing: "Welcome anytime to our wonderful city". The sentiments were also echoed by the Merseyside Police department who said: "It was a pleasure to host His Royal Highness to HQ. "Once again, we thank him for his kind words and also wish him many happy returns on his birthday." DON'T MISS:Brits can house Ukrainian refugees after Priti Patel came under fire [LATEST]Ukraine fears surge as Russian forces encircle ‘fortress’ Kyiv [REVEAL]Brexit Minister Jacob Rees-Mogg says Government must rethink fracking [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile Sophie had afternoon tea with Ms Farley at Newsham House, after first getting into contact with her through the NHS Volunteers Responders programme. The pair first began having telephone calls in April 2020 and spoke to each other every fortnight. The Countess of Wessex, 57, said the meeting was “meant to be”. Hello! Magazine called the meeting “a particularly emotional moment for Sophie”. Ms Farley seemed delighted to finally meet her royal friend, asking: “Who else would get anything like this for their 90th birthday?”  The Earl and Countess of Wessex have been married since 1999. They have two children together, Lady Louise, 18, and James, Viscount Severn, 14. 