MotorEasy founder and CEO Duncan McClure Fisher said drivers should call a breakdown service instead of using the repair kits. Manufacturers are increasingly handing out the simple repair kit instead of giving way an extra tyre. But, Mr McClure Fisher has warned drivers can specifically ask for a spare tyre when purchasing their vehicles instead of settling for a repair kit. The tyre repair kits use a sealant that is inserted into the tyre using a pressurised canister. The substance is then transferred around the tyre to block air from escaping. Mr McClure Fisher said: “We would recommend calling a breakdown service to get you moving again, and only use a puncture repair kit if it’s really necessary. READ MORE: Car tyre repair kits may ‘damage’ vehicles “While most car manufacturers supply a puncture repair kit as standard on new cars, you can request a spare tyre when purchasing. “You can also take out tyre insurance to protect yourself from any hefty costs. “Getting a puncture is one of life’s unfortunate realities, but ensuring your tyres are in good condition and maintaining the correct pressure can help minimise the risk.” Motoring experts at GreenFlag has also raised concerns over the effectiveness of tyre repair kits. DON'T MISSDrivers warned of massive £10,000 fines for basic tyre issues [INSIGHT]Wheel and tyre issues mean EV's 'twice as likely' to break down [ANALYSIS]£60 for ‘premium air’ in tyres - ‘that's the f*** air that you breathe [COMMENT] They said kits “certainty won’t help” fix severe structural damage which will need to be looked at by mechanics. GreenFlag said: “For every one in five flat tyres they don’t work. “For example, if you hit a kerb and cause significant damage to the sidewall of the tyre a repair kit won’t do the job. “And if your tyre suffers a sudden structural failure – more commonly known as a blow-out – they certainly won’t help. “In addition, the inside of the tyre and wheel will be covered in a mousse-like substance. “Although they can be cleaned and repaired, contrary to what some say, many fitters will refuse because it’s such an unpleasant job.” GreenFlag did raise some positive points, claiming the repair kits will usually offer a temporary fix for “four out of five punctures. They said in most cases, the repair kit will ensure drivers have enough air to last for around 300 extra miles. Experts at Confused.com have also warned drivers may need to buy a brand new tyre after using a repair kit, even if there was only a small amount of damage. They said: “It’s difficult to professionally repair a tyre after using a repair kit. The sealant is usually difficult to clean so many fitters might refuse to repair it, or charge extra for cleaning it. “This means you might have to buy a brand-new replacement, even if the puncture was minor.”