Tottenham look back on track following the 5-0 demolition of Everton on Monday, but there is still the very real possibility of them missing out on an immediate £13.4million transfer windfall this summer which may determine whether Antonio Conte stays or not. Tottenham's win over Everton kept them within touching distance of the top four with a couple of games in hand on both West Ham and Manchester United. The Red Devils appear in disarray at the moment with just two wins from their last six league games. West Ham are on a similar run of form with just eight points picked up from their last 21 available. It's been a different story entirely for Arsenal with Mikel Arteta's side winning four games on the bounce. That has pushed them into the top four for the time being and they also have games in hand on those around them. JUST IN: Ex-Arsenal chief 'not concerned' by Tottenham transfer interest  But there remains just three points separating all four sides with the end of the season fast approaching. For Tottenham, there's plenty at stake with Conte seemingly still toying with the idea of leaving should he fail to finish inside the top four. The Italian head coach bit the bullet in taking on the Tottenham job last year knowing that there was no Champions League football. Conte has made no secret that he not only wants to be challenging on Europe's biggest stage, but he wants to see the club battling for silverware. DON'T MISS  Missing out on a top-four place would certainly test Conte's position to stay on as manager beyond the summer. But, perhaps more importantly for Tottenham, they would once again miss out on the huge cash windfall from qualifying for the Champions League. This year, every team who qualified for the Champions League group stage were awarded a huge £13.4m. Each group stage win sees teams pick up an extra £2.4m, while qualification through to the round-of-16 adds an extra £8.2m. Liverpool ended up winning all their group games and, based on those figures, have already recouped an impressive £36m in bonus fees from the Champions League. Tottenham have missed out on that kind of money for the past two seasons now and a third could spell further trouble in the transfer market. This week may prove pivotal in building up some momentum to catch Arsenal with Tottenham facing rivals United at the weekend. That is then followed by a midweek trip to Brighton before the host West Ham ahead of the international break. Wins against United and West Ham could see Tottenham move clear of both clubs in the battle for a top-four finish with north London rivals Arsenal the only obstacle left. Arsenal also have to play United and West Ham later this season with the race for the Champions League places potentially going into the final round of matches.