The NATO chief conceded the alliance is "concerned" about Vladimir Putin resorting to non-conventional weapons to exert its full control over Ukraine. Jens Stoltenberg suggested Russia is "trying to create a pretext" to justify the use of his chemical and biological arsenal after his troops failed to make significant advances. However, Mr Stoltenberg warned the use of chemical weapons would "totally change the nature of the conflict." He also warned there would be "widespread consequences" not only for Ukraine and Russia but also other neighbbouring European countries. Mr Stoltenberg said: "We are concerned partly because we see the rhetoric and we see that Russia is trying to create some kind of pretext accusing Ukraine, the United States and NATO allies of preparing to use chemical and biological weapons. "There is also a risk that it (a chemical weapons attack) will have a direct effect on people living in NATO countries because we can see contamination, we can see the spread of chemical agents or biological weapons into our countries." Mr Stoltenberg said Nato's chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear defence elements had been activated and "we are taking measures both to support Ukraine and to defend ourselves". FOLLOW THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S UKRAINE LIVE BLOG  Asked whether the move was based on credible intelligence, the NATO chief said: "We are concerned, partly because we see the rhetoric. And we see that Russia is trying to create some kind of pretext - accusing Ukraine, the United States, Nato allies - for preparing to use chemical and biological weapons." Any use of chemical weapons "will totally change the nature of the conflict, it will be a blatant violation of international law and it will have widespread consequences". He said Russia had used chemical weapons before - including in Salisbury - and had supported the Assad regime in Syria. READ MORE: Putin ally issues chilling nuclear warning in major threat to NATO ‘Why not?’ He added: "We agreed to strengthen our deterrence and defence for the longer-term. "We also agreed to give further support to Ukraine and to continue to impose costs on Russia." The alliance massively increased its presence across Eastern Europe, with some 40,000 troops spread from the Baltic to the Black Sea. Four new combat units in Bulgaria, Romania, Hungary and Slovakia were announced on Thursday, DON'T MISS:  'This is huge' Putin faces 'biggest defeat' yet  [REVEAL] Putin 'facing massive mutiny' his own FSB secret service [INSIGHT] Ukraine LIVE: Putin humiliated as Russian soldiers 'refuse to fight' [SPOTLIGHT] Despite the European Union pledging to support Ukraine to the fullest, Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte said leaders will not agree to new sanctions against Russia during their two-day summit starting on Thursday. He said: ""I do not expect concrete new sanctions today. "We can't brainstorm about sanctions with such a broad group, we need proposals. "We have already imposed a lot of sanctions, we are now entering more complex terrain."