In the strategically important southern port, where the suffering population has been without heating, food or water for more than a week, the misery continued with further shelling and atrocities. For those who had just escaped Mariupol, there was more horror yesterday as some 20,000 civilians fleeing to neighbouring Zaporizhzhia, the first port of call along a ‘humanitarian corridor’, found themselves coming under further heavy Russian shelling. Vladimir Putin's troops launched rocket strikes on the nearby city overnight, hitting a railway station, though there were no reports of casualties, the regional governor Oleksander Vasylyovych said in an announcement on Facebook. In another message posted to Telegram, the Ukrainian regional military administrator Oleksandr Starukh wrote that as well as the train station, a public park in Zaporizhzhia had also been hit by Russian missiles. "The morning was not good... The rockets landed in the area of the Zaporozhye-2 railway station. According to preliminary data, no one was killed. The second rocket landed in the area of the botanical garden,” he said. Starukh claimed the attacks occurred as people from the besieged city of Mariupol arrived in Zaporizhzhia. But back in Mariupol, more atrocities continued with an elderly man apparently blasted to death by a Russian tank on the streets of war-torn city. Ukrainian forces, which released the footage, called the incident a "murder" and have referred it to the International Court of Justice (ICJ) in The Hague. The clip was reportedly shot on Tuesday and showed a Russian tank hidden among the rubble of a destroyed building. Moments later, it suddenly opened fire on a civilian, reportedly an elderly man, allegedly killing him instantly as the shell hit the building right behind him, creating a fireball. The chilling footage wad shared with Ukrainian ministers and MPs. "Cruel footage of the murder of a resident of Mariupol by Russian tankers," said the Azov Regiment, which released the clip. “The elderly man drew attention to himself so that he would not be shot, and Putin's villain shot at a defenceless civilian man. "This is what the 'Russian world' looks like. "This evidence must go to the Hague tribunal." Meanwhile, the hostage situation in the besieged city is also alarming Ukrainian authorities. Russian troops rounded up some 400 innocent civilians from houses neighbouring the city's hospital number two, along with 100 doctors and patients who were already inside, and are refusing to let them leave, according to regional governor Pavlo Kyrylenko. It is not known what their demands might be to ensure the hostages release. But Mr Kyrylenko, trapped in the hospital, appealed to international human rights organisations to respond to what he called "crimes against humanity". "It's impossible to get out of the hospital," Mr Kyrylenko wrote in a Telegram post. "They're shooting hard, we sit in the basement. Cars can't drive to the hospital for two days already. High-rise buildings are burning around. Russians drove 400 people from neighbouring houses into our hospital. We can't get out." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Mr Kyrylenko posted a picture of what the regional intensive care hospital looked like before it was "practically destroyed". But aid agencies have warned Mariupol is facing a humanitarian catastrophe, since heavy bombardment has left some 400,000 inhabitants with no running water or heating, and food running short. The lack of power comes against a backdrop of biting late Winter weather, with temperatures seeing a wind chill of some -20C. But taking Mariupol, which is situated 34miles (55km) from Russia's border, would be seen as a strategic breakthrough for Russian President Putin. The city lies between territory held by Russian-backed separatists in the Donbas region and the Crimean peninsula, which was annexed by Moscow in 2014 and from where it has launched its assault on key southern towns.