Top Boy returned with a bang on March 18 with its second season of the Netflix revival. And the drama around Summerhouse showed no signs of slowing down as Dushane (played by Ashley Walters) and Sully (Kane ‘Kano’ Robinson) continued their reign at the top of London’s drug scene. However, in true Top Boy fashion, there were a number of shocking deaths and departures which have taken the fandom by storm ahead of another series. But with so many exits, a new theory has emerged which could welcome back a familiar face - and it’s pretty convincing. WARNING: This article contains major spoilers from Top Boy. To recap the events of season two and how the next series is teed up, everyone in Summerhouse and Dushane’s drug ring will undoubtedly be reeling after Jamie’s (Micheal Ward) murder. Despite being seen as Dushane’s “retirement plan” and the potential new leader of the criminal enterprise, Jamie was never able to win over Sully and it was clear he and his best pal had very different plans for the business going forward. So when Sully heard of Dushane’s plans to keep Jamie close and potentially take over, Sully reacted in a way only Sully knows how: through violence. After planting two bullets in Jamie’s chest in season two’s final moments, he also shot his enemy in the head - leaving Jamie’s brother Stef (Araloyin Oshunremi) and Aaron (Hope Ikpoku Jr) inconsolable. READ MORE: Top Boy fans left 'in tears' over season 2 finale death Stef caught a look at Sully’s face as he planted the bullets into his brother and should season three be given the green light, there’s no saying the lengths he may go to avenge his older sibling. However, with Stef already sowing the seeds of potentially going down the criminal route in season two, a new fan theory suggests this could be the perfect time for Ra’Nell (Malcolm Kamulete) to enter the fray. Ra’Nell was a pivotal figure in the first two seasons of Channel 4’s Top Boy: Summerhouse but is yet to appear or even be mentioned in the Netflix revival. When introduced to viewers, Ra’Nell was an innocent schoolboy living on Summerhouse who eventually ended up crossing paths with Dushane and headed down a dark path. Ra’Nell was told numerous times by father figure Leon (Nicholas Pinnock) to steer clear of this way of life, something which irked Sully and ultimately led to Leon’s demise after being accidentally shot in a physical altercation with Sully and former righthand man Dris (Shone Romulus). So with Ra’Nell absent for all these years, he’s clearly not involved in Dushane’s organisation and may have moved on to follow in Leon’s footsteps as a carer/mentor after his death. It’s a theory which has garnered plenty of attention among the fandom, with Redditor Somarica putting it forward. They said: “Season three would be a great time for Malcolm Kamulete to reprise his role as Ra'Nell Smith from the original 'Top Boy' run, acting as the 'mentor' for the increasingly AWOL Stef, in the aftermath of Jamie's death.” DON'T MISS:Top Boy: What happened to Ra'Nell? Is he actually Modie? 3 major cluesTop Boy’s Sully star Kane Robinson speaks out on season 2 finaleTop Boy: What happened to Jamie, Stef and Aaron’s parents? They continued: “Much like how Leon was the 'father figure' for Ra'Nell. He would be able to advise Stef, and show him a path away from the streets.” It’s a theory which has certainly got the fandom talking with fellow Redditor Inner-Tumbleweed-103 replying: “Doubt he’ll come back but I wish.” Nycbaconeggncheese theorised: “I'm sticking with the original claim that Ra'Nell grew up to be Modie.” While Sizzling_Sausage123 backed the idea with a twist: “Ra’Nell should come back and cause havoc.” What exactly happened to Ra’Nell remains a mystery among Summerhouse fans with his whereabouts never addressed in Top Boy seasons one and two. And actor Kamulete is yet to speak out on exactly why he hasn’t returned in the first two seasons of the Netflix reboot. Instead, the actor has clearly been made aware of fans’ desire to learn the truth as he “liked” a series of tweets calling for his return since season two dropped. “@MalcsLDN we need you bro,” and “@MalcsLDN we miss you,” were just two tweets the star liked from viewers keen to see him back - but will he return as a new level head amidst Jamie’s murder drama? Top Boy seasons 1-2 are available to stream on Netflix now. Top Boy: Summerhouse seasons 1-2 are also available to stream on Netflix now.