Channel 4's Cathy Newman accused the European Union of "snubbing" Britain after they invited US President Joe Biden to the EU summit on Ukraine, but not Boris Johnson. Speaking from Brussels, Ms Newman said it appeared "petty" for the EU not to extend a similar invitation to Mr Johnson given the ongoing war. This infuriated Remainers, who claimed that Britain was simply suffering the consequences of Brexit and the decision to leave the EU. Last night, Ms Newman told Channel 4 News viewers: "Joe Biden is in the room. Boris Johnson's presence is not required. "And given that Britain is no longer part of Europe, how much influence does the UK PM have had summits like this? "Coming to Brussels post-Brexit is a lonely business for a British Prime Minister. "He was invited to meet NATO members here, but America is the guest of honour at the EU summit. Britain was not invited." The piece presented by Ms Newman later went online under the headline 'Boris Johnson snubbed by EU summit'. JUST IN: Boris hit with major Biden trade deal snub Pedro Marques, a Portuguese Socialist MEP, told Channel 4 News that Britain was simply getting what it voted for. He said: "We are showing unity on the NATO meeting, we are showing defensive alliance. "But Boris Johnson and the UK Government are not part of the EU anymore. That's a choice we didn't take for our side." Ms Newman asked an Irish MEP: "Is it petty for the EU not to get Boris Johnson on board?" She responded: "I don't know what happened behind the scenes. "But I think the more inclusive we are in our approach, the better we are in dealing with Putin and this outrageous invasion." There is speculation the Prime Minister's comments over the weekend comparing the war in Ukraine to Brexit played a role in the snub. Michael Bloss, an MEP for the German Greens, took issue with Mr Johnson's recent analogy between Brexit and Ukraine, saying: "This is a very problematic comparison. "It doesn't go down well here." A Remainer social media account posted the video, adding: "Ouch! Channel 4 News really cuts to the chase. "Brexit Britain is now isolated on the world stage and Johnson's Brexit/Ukraine comparison was ridiculous..." User @claudius0043 responded: "After Brexit, it was always going to be like this, the UK increasingly isolated." DON'T MISS: EU closes ranks as Michel to push for accelerated Russian gas cut [VIDEO]US general makes damning indictment as Russia runs out of missiles [INTERVIEW]Brexit LIVE: 'Uncomfortable truth' EU shackles laid bare [LIVE BLOG] Another user @AlanLFC1968 added: "Why did @cathynewman ask that MEP if she thought that the EU was petty not inviting brexitlandshire to the meeting?" @DrBob317 responded: "What a ridiculous question to be posing. "Brexit meant the UK left the EU. Why should it now be expected that a British representative should attend an EU Summit! "As always, UK media frame the wrong questions. If you kick your cake under the table, there are consequences." @gomurciaspain added: "Why in the hell should the EU trust Johnson? He is such a useless leader, and we are better off without him. "This is what happens when you spend your time lying!" Prominent Remainer Alastair Campbell shared a video of President Biden who claimed the Ukraine crisis was "bringing the European Union & the United States even closer together - that's a win for all of us". Mr Campbell added: "And a defeat for the UK. Which is why Brexit was a foreign policy goal for the Kremlin."