Experts at The Greenhouse People explained that a “little effort” now will have gardeners reaping the rewards of bright and beautiful blooms come the summertime. With so many plants and flowers on the market, it can be hard to know which ones to go for, which is why the experts have shared a variation of flowers gardeners can plant now, including chives. They explained: “While chives may not seem like a go-to plant for pretty flowers, this tasty herb grows beautiful pink blooms. “Plant your chives in a pot and keep in a spot with minimal shade or place in direct sunlight. Sow seeds thinly from March and you can expect a mass of flowers by late spring. “Chives need warmth to germinate, at least 20 degrees celsius, so it’s best to keep them on a bright windowsill or greenhouse initially before transferring them into your garden. “Once they have started to grow, they are incredibly easy to maintain and regular cutting will ensure they keep producing more leaves. READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it “They will reach their full height about six to nine months after planting. As an added bonus, chives are perennial which means you’ll be able to enjoy these plants year after year.” Another flower recommended by The Greenhouse People was dahlias, known for their gorgeous colours. Their flowers can bloom for a long time, perfect for brightening up the garden all summer long. The experts said: “Depending on their size, dahlias grow best in different places. For larger dahlia types, you’ll want to plant them in a bed, with staking for support, while smaller dahlias thrive in containers. Either way, a warm, sheltered spot is ideal. DON'T MISS:DIY couple share £100 living room transformation [PICTURES]Tomatoes: How to get the ‘best’ germination for tasty summer fruit [EXPLAINER]‘Now is the perfect time’ to prepare the lawn for ‘healthy growth’  [EXPERT] “To sow seeds, they’ll need to be kept in a greenhouse until large enough to transplant outside. Alternatively, dormant tubers or root cuttings can be planted from early to late spring.” Lupinus, commonly known as lupin, are tall colourful flowers which can often be found in traditional English flower gardens. With a range of colours, gardeners can find one to suit their garden. The Greenhouse People explained: “The easiest way to grow lupins is by taking cuttings and planting in the spring, with the flowers blooming from May to July. “Be sure to deadhead lupins once the flowers have faded and you’ll be rewarded with fresh flowers. “Lupins will thrive in a sunny spot, with moist, but well-drained soil. They are self-seeing and perennial, so you’ll be able to enjoy their beauty for years to come.” Lilies, which are often seen in bouquets, are also perfect to add a “vibrant” pop of colour into the garden. They can be planted as bulbs from late autumn until early April and grow best in a sheltered but sunny spot. The experts added: “Lilies love slightly acidic soil with a pH level of at least six, so it’s best to plant them in soil with ericaceous fertiliser and ensure the bulbs have at least 12cm of soil above them. “You’ll also need to support tall-growing lilies with a support pole to prevent the stalks from drooping. As the plants start to flower, give the tomato feed every couple of weeks which will help them perform well the following year.” Peonies can also be planted in March or April for the best chance of summer flowers. Before planting the bulbs, the flower bed should be prepared with fertiliser. The Greenhouse People said: “Ensure your peonies aren’t planted too deeply and avoid overwatering, as this is a common cause of failure. “As these plants are top-heavy, you’ll want to ensure they are properly supported to prevent them from snapping.”