Max Verstappen almost certainly won’t join Mercedes in the future after it was reported that’s signed a new deal with Red Bull. The Dutchman won the F1 Drivers’ Championship last term, beating Lewis Hamilton to glory in the process. And the Silver Arrows, really, never stood a chance of bringing the 24-year-old in. According to the Daily Mail, Verstappen has penned a new deal with Red Bull that will see him become one of the best-paid drivers in F1. The 24-year-old’s reputation is currently at an all-time high after he beat Hamilton to the title back in December. Verstappen, according to the publication, is now primed to earn £40million annually with Red Bull. And the deal will see him continue until he’s 30, giving Christian Horner’s team a foundation to build upon as they look to dominate the sport for many years to come. It’s also noted that Mercedes chief Toto Wolff had been tracking Verstappen prior to this development. But the controversy at Silverstone last year, combined with the 24-year-old penning a new deal, now means any ambitions of bringing the Red Bull star to the Silver Arrows are over. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And that should be no surprise, certainly when Jos Verstappen’s comments are considered. Speaking last year, in December, Jos revealed they no longer had a relationship with Wolff. And he even went as far to say that the real Wolff had ‘shown himself lately’. “Here at Red Bull Racing we are in a good place,” Jos said. “There have been conversations with Toto Wolff and I also thought we had a good relationship with him, but the real Toto has shown himself lately. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “There is no relationship anymore.” When quizzed on whether Wolff was a ‘bad loser’, he then added: “You could say that, yes. “Mercedes was, of course, leading for years. Now they are cornered for the first time and you see another Toto. “It’s a shame, but that’s how you get to know people.” Verstappen’s father also said at the time that his son was happy with life at Red Bull and with Helmut Marko in particular. “It also has to do with Helmut Marko,” Jos said. “All three of us – Max, Raymond [Vermeulen, his manager] and I – click perfectly with him. “No bull****, straightforward. We are similar in character. “Sometimes it gets tough and we tell each other the truth. But Formula One is tough. “Trying to hold your own in this world, in whatever area. We know what we want. “And if it doesn’t fit, it doesn’t fit and vague talk is of no use. But that is not the case.” Verstappen’s new Red Bull contract is expected to be announced later in the week. He’ll then be looking to get his season off to a positive start when the Bahrain Grand Prix takes place on March 20. Hamilton won the race last year, as well as in 2020 and 2019. Sebastian Vettel was the last driver to beat the Brit on that track, claiming glory during his time with Ferrari in 2018.