World champion Max Verstappen has broken yet another Formula 1 record, this time after signing a new £40-million a year deal with Red Bull which matches his title rival Lewis Hamilton. Verstppen will be out to defend his maiden F1 championship in 2022, and will be doing it on a new lucrative salary. Like rival Hamilton, the Dutchman will earn an eye-watering £40 million per season after putting pen to paper on an extension. However, it is in fact the length of the contract that has written him into the record books, with the agreed seven-year deal said to be the longest in F1 history, according to motorsport.com. After securing his first-ever world title three months ago Verstappen is no doubt in the form of his life, and his recent brilliance has been rewarded with a mega-money contract that keeps him at Red Bull until 2028. JUST IN: Helmut Marko blasts Lewis Hamilton for role in Michael Masi sacking Upon signing the deal, the 24-year-old revealed it was an ‘easy decision’ to commit his future to Red Bull. He said: “I really enjoy being part of the Oracle Red Bull Racing Team, so choosing to stay for the 2028 season was an easy decision. "I love this team and last year was simply incredible. “Our goal since we came together in 2016 was to win the championship and we have done that, so now it’s about keeping the number one on the car long-term." DON'T MISS  One man who was of course over the moon to tie the Dutchman down is Red Bull boss Christian Horner. As a result, Horner believes Verstappen’s commitment to a seven-year deal is a ‘real statement’ as they eye even more success for the Dutchman in 2022 and beyond. The team principal said: “To have Max signed with Oracle Red Bull Racing through to the end of 2028 is a real statement of intent. "Our immediate focus is on retaining Max’s world championship title, but this deal also shows he is a part of the team’s long-term planning. “With the Red Bull Powertrains division working towards the new engine regulations for 2026 we wanted to make sure we had the best driver on the grid secured for that car." Verstappen will kick off his title defence in just over two weeks’ time, as he and the rest of the Formula 1 circuit head to Bahrain for the 2022 season opener on the 20th of March.