 Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William have landed in the Bahamas for the last leg of their Caribbean tour. It is one of four trips being undertaken by senior royals in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Their tour comes at a challenging time for the Royal Family’s relationship with the Commonwealth’s Caribbean realms.  Their trip has been branded a “charm offensive” and is seen as an attempt to strengthen bonds between the Commonwealth nations and the monarchy. This is not the first time the Duke and Duchess have embarked on a trip in an attempt to save a relationship. In 2007, they jetted off on a “make or break” vacation following a challenging year for their romance. In the 2011 ITV Studios documentary, ‘When Kate Met William: A Tale Of Two Lives’, royal expert Katie Nicholl revealed: “William whisked Kate away to Desroches in the Seychelles.  “That was their make or break holiday, that is where they decided to stay together.” Kate and William had broken up earlier that year, saying their separation was “for good”. However, after a few months apart, they decided to work on their relationship. During the trip, William and Kate are believed to have made a “secret pact” that William would marry Kate, but that he needed to finish his military training first.  In her book ‘The Making of a Royal Romance’, Ms Nicholl claimed: “I supposed what none of us knew was that [she] and William had actually made a secret pact to be married way back in 2007, after they got together after their second major break-up. “And we know that this is a couple who are very good at keeping secrets.” The Duchess was famously given the cruel moniker ‘Waity Katie’ — in reference to her wait for the Duke to propose. However, Ms Nicholl claims that Kate “had the last laugh”. DON'T MISSMeghan Markle receiving '$18m for the first episode' of podcast [INSIGHT]Prince Harry on the spot as key security row paradox exposed [ANALYSIS]Americans rage UK should pay US reparations [VIDEO]  She said: “So really, Kate had the last laugh because she got her prince.” Three years after they’d made the “secret pact”, William popped the question on a trip to Kenya — a place that has held a special place in his heart since his visit shortly after Princess Diana’s death. In a further tribute to Diana, William proposed to Kate with his later mother’s ring. The couple got married in a spectacular wedding at Westminster Abbey in 2011.  Since their marriage, the Duke and Duchess have become integral members of the Royal Family. Their responsibilities have ramped up following the exit of Prince Harry, Meghan Markle, Prince Andrew and Prince Philip — and since the Queen has taken a step back due to health fears. Their current tour is seen as an attempt to garner support for the monarchy, but it has been hit by opposition from local residents, who have called for “reparations”. The couple faced protests in both Belize and Jamaica.  Jamaica’s Prime Minister Andrew Holness made it clear that his country is making moves to become a republic in the foreseeable future.   Speaking during their visit, the Duke expressed his “profound sorrow” for the enslavement of millions of people from Africa to the Caribbean and North America, and described the slave trade as an “appalling atrocity” that “stains our history” and he went on to acknowledge Jamaica’s “pain”. However, his words have been met with widespread criticism and deemed inadequate. Lisa Hanna, a Jamaican MP and Shadow Foreign Affair Minister, wrote in an article for The Guardian: “Condemning slavery with no action, as both Prince Charles and Prince William did, is not particularly bold, nor does it show courage.” ‘The Making of a Royal Romance’ was written by Katie Nicholl in 2011 and published by Weinstein Books. You can find it here.