The UK now has agreements covering trade with 95 nations in six continents after it signed its latest deal. When it left the EU at the beginning of last year, Britain had just 35 trade agreements. On Monday, the UK signed a free trade deal with New Zealand in London, taking the number of non-EU countries with an agreement in place to 68. The UK also enjoys a free trade and cooperation agreement with the EU and its 27 member states, giving it a tariff-free area of nearly a hundred nations. It continues to negotiate with a further four countries at present. The Government said at the time that it expects the deal to see a boost in trade of 60 percent, or £800million. READ MORE: UK trade deals: All 36 of the UK's trade deals with non-EU countries In 2020, it estimated that the trade relationship was worth £2.3billion. The Government added that the agreement “will see red tape slashed for the UK’s world-leading tech, creative and services companies”. It follows “world-beating” agreements with Singapore and Australia, signed last year, and represents the Government’s continued pursuance of a tilt towards the Indo-Pacific region. The Government indicated that the deal drives the UK closer to an anticipated entry to the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP) – a free trade alliance comprised of countries on the Pacific rim. The UK formally applied to become the latest member of the CPTPP – which includes Japan, Malaysia and Vietnam – in February last year, and negotiations began in June. The Government has previously said that in 2019 exports of goods and services to CPTPP nations from the UK amounted to £58billion – or 8.4 percent of all UK exports. Monday’s deal was signed by Anne-Marie Trevelyan, the UK’s international trade secretary, and Damien O’Connor, New Zealand’s trade minister. After reaching an in-principle agreement in October, the two sides “worked intensely” to finalise the deal in the last four months. DON'T MISSSadiq Khan says London well prepared if Russia launches nuclear attack [INSIGHT]Nicola Sturgeon savaged for trying to 'weaken' NATO [REACTION]Boris Johnson threatened with sanctions by Chechnya [REPORT] Under the agreement, tariffs will be removed on all UK exports to New Zealand. Currently, New Zealand places a 10 percent tariff on clothing, and 5 percent on heavy vehicles. British consumers will also be able to make use of potentially more affordable products from New Zealand, including white wine, Manuka honey and kiwi fruit. The welcome news comes at a time when inflation and the cost of living are on the rise as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. Ms Trevelyan commented that as a result of the deal, “our trade with New Zealand will soar, benefiting businesses and consumers throughout the UK and helping level up the whole country. “Like all our new trade deals, it is part of a plan to build a network of trade alliances with the most dynamic parts of the world economy, so we set the UK on a path to future prosperity.” The Government said the deal also slashes red tape for 5,900 small UK businesses exporting goods to New Zealand. By the year 2030, New Zealand’s import market is expected to grow by 30 percent.