Apple has revealed a swathe of new gadgets during its first product announcement of the year, including a new 5G-enabled iPhone SE, a faster iPad Air, and all-new Mac Studio. The latter is a compact desktop PC powered by the most powerful chipset that Apple has ever created, the M1 Ultra. With the arrival of the Mac Studio, Apple has almost completed its two-year transition away from Intel-branded chips to its own custom-designed processors. As the one-hour keynote came to a close, Senior Vice President of Hardware Engineering John Ternus confirmed that Apple has "just one more product to go: ‌Mac Pro"‌. There was no sign of the Apple Silicon-fuelled Mac Pro during the event – "that's for another day," Ternus teased – but eagle-eyed Apple fans were quick to spot that there were two more products in the Apple Store that hadn't been upgraded to the M-series of processors before the keynote started. The Mac Pro and the 27-inch iMac. But with confirmation that only one Mac is due for the upgrade ...what about the 27-inch iMac? Well, it seems Apple has no plans to upgrade its larger all-in-one desktop PC. In fact, as the curtain fell on the first Apple event of 2022, the 27-inch iMac had disappeared from the Apple Store. It seems that those who want a 27-inch monitor and powerful desktop machine will need to opt for the Mac Studio and Studio Display combo (or the Mac mini and the Studio Display, if you need a little less power under the bonnet). If you want a 27-inch iMac, it's still possible to buy one ...but you'll need to be fast. MORE LIKE THISBest Apple AirPods Pro Deals A number of high street stores still have stock of older 27-inch iMac models, which are still available to buy. Since Apple has retired the design, there won't be any more coming off the factory lines, so these models will only be around for a limited time. Thankfully, the advantage of buying one of these older machines is the discounts available. AO.com has slashed £75 off the cost of the 2020 model with 256GB of built-in SSD storage and 8GB of RAM. If you want to spend a little more, Amazon has some brilliant savings. The online retailer has slashed £310 off the cost of the 27-inch iMac with a 5K resolution display, larger 512GB built-in SSD storage, and the same 8GB of RAM. For comparison, Apple will charge £1,499 for its Studio Display with the same 5K resolution. If you decide to opt for one of the older iMac models, you'll only be paying a fraction more to include the same screen with the guts of a computer, the SSD storage, the keyboard and mouse combo. If you're looking for an all-in-one PC with a brilliant 5K display, plenty of storage, and compatibility with the latest version of macOS ...this is a great money-saving choice.