Vic Flynn (played by Shane Harper) is the heir to one of the biggest crime families in Chicago, but he could be about to leave all that behind him after Gloria (Gabrielle Ryan) was caught in the crossfire. After the latest devastating episode of Power, Starz’s Tommy Egan (Joseph Sikora) spin-off will no doubt have an explosive conclusion to the first season, and the new teaser trailer has given fans a small preview of the bloodshed to come. Power Book IV: Force is hurtling towards an epic final battle in the last two episodes, and someone may not survive the oncoming storm. The latest trailer has teased an all-out street war in the spin-off’s upcoming ninth episode, Trust. Following Gloria’s shocking death last week, Walter Flynn (Tommy Flanagan) is gearing up to retaliate against the Serbs. In the promo, he outlines his plan of attack to Vic’s sister, Claudia (Lynn Collins). READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith “The attack on your brother and Gloria has put all this in motion,” he tells her. “We’re at war here.” At the end of episode eight, tragedy struck when Vic and his girlfriend were pursued by a truck and fired upon by a machine gun. Vic’s attempts to shield Gloria proved unsuccessful and she was killed, leaving the Flynns convinced rival drug lord Rodovan Mirkovic (Konstantin Lavysh) orchestrated the attack. Tommy intones in the teaser: “Walter must really believe those Serbs put the hit on Vic.” While Tommy and Diamond (Isaac Keys) have been busy laying down their business in Chicago, Walter has been waging war against Rodovan and the Serbs. Diamond and his brother Jenard (Kris D Lofton) teamed up with Tommy and Vic to take over their rival's pipeline, but the plan got out of hand when Jenard took matters into his own hands. After Vic and Gloria were targeted in an earlier drive-by shooting, Walter officially declared war by taking out Rodovan’s top lieutenants. Walter clearly won’t let the Serbs outnumber him, as he suggested he’ll be drawing from all the allies at his disposal to prepare for the coming attack. DON'T MISS:Ozark fans fume as major character killed in trailer [SPOILERS]Top Boy season 2: Ashley Walters admits co-star Kano rewrote scenes [INSIGHT]Virgin River's Benjamin Hollingsworth defends Will Smith slap [OPINION] “I’m going to be putting together a war room,” he says to Claudia in a later scene. However, Walter’s associate Paulie Muzaski (Guy Van Swearingen) warns him: “We don’t have the manpower for that kind of s**t-show.” To which Walter replies: “Either you’re with us, or you’re against us.” Meanwhile, Tommy is getting ready to build an army of his own, while Diamond lays out his plan to take back what was once his. Jenard and his brother were once on top until Diamond was sent to prison, so this could be the comeback opportunity the CBI has been looking for. However, the Flynns have managed to rule the streets with an iron fist thus far, so the outcome may depend on Tommy deciding where his loyalties lie once the fight for Chicago begins. The teaser ends with rapid gunfire and Tommy asking: “Anything I should know about?” Power fans could have been given a glimpse of yet another major death in the series, but they’ll have to wait nearly two weeks to discover if there are any casualties. Power Book IV: Force continues Sunday, April 10 on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.