Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has revealed his bizarre tactic for predicting which decision VAR will instruct a referee to make. Arteta saw his side benefit from the technology during the Gunners’ 2-0 victory against Leicester on Sunday.   Arsenal were awarded a second-half penalty after Anthony Taylor was advised to review footage of a Caglar Soyuncu handball. Taylor pointed to the spot and Alexandre Lacazette scored the resultant spot-kick. It came after Thomas Partey scored a rare goal to put Arsenal ahead. Arteta was calm on the sideline as Taylor reviewed his pitchside monitor.   JUST IN: Sky Sports suffer fiasco as Arsenal vs Leicester commentary cuts off And the 40-year-old has revealed an unusual tactic he used to guess whether Arsenal would be given a penalty. Arteta said he ‘nominates’ a colleague on the substitutes’ bench to predict what decision might be made. Asked if he was certain Taylor would award a penalty, Arteta told Sky Sports: “Yes, because I nominate one person on the bench who can be cool and have a calm head. “They said, ‘Yeah, it’s a penalty’, so I expected it to be a penalty.”    Arsenal have overcome a woeful start to the season and are now favourites to finish fourth behind Manchester City, Liverpool and Chelsea. Arteta has done an excellent job with a squad that is the youngest on average in the Premier League. The North Londoners could qualify for the Champions League for the first time since 2016. However, Arteta has often downplayed his side’s chances of entering the elite European competition for next term. Asked if he does not want to put pressure on his players by talking about their chances of Champions League qualification, he added: “No, it’s because it’s the reality of football.   DON'T MISS...5 things we learned as Arsenal beat Leicester to move into top fourMan Utd urged to strip Harry Maguire of captaincy by former team-mateArsenal's Ramsdale provokes Rodgers reaction with Leicester save “If you were to ask everyone to make a prediction of what could happen, I think no one in this room would get it right. “All we can control is the performances and for the next game that is what we will do. “We have put ourselves in a very good position but there is still a lot to fight for. “Now [the next game is] Liverpool and we have to prepare for the game to win.”   