If you've not been struck down by serious illness, you'd be forgiven for thinking Covid is akin to the common cold. However, research into its long-term effects should quickly disabuse you of this notion. A new study suggests even a mild Covid infection can take its toll on your body. The study drew a link between a previous Covid infection and increased risk of diabetes - a chronic condition whereby the body does not produce enough insulin. According to doctors at Heinrich Heine University in Germany, Covid infection can hamper insulin production, thereby raising risk of diabetes. The doctors said swelling triggered by the immune reaction to coronavirus can damage cells that produce insulin, which is primarily responsible for regulating blood sugar. In a study of 35,865 people who tested positive for coronavirus, they found the risk of developing type 2 diabetes was 28 percent higher than in people who never caught it. READ MORE: Diabetes: The natural supplement that lowers 'after-meal' blood sugar levels by almost 30%  Professor Wolfgang Rathmann said: "Covid infection may lead to diabetes by upregulation of the immune system. "Patients may have been at risk for developing diabetes due to having obesity or pre-diabetes, and the stress Covid-19 put on their bodies speeded it up." He said weight gain and less exercise during lockdowns may have exacerbated the problem, with both known to raise diabetes risk. Writing in the journal Diabetologia, Professor Rathmann said the same effect was not seen after other chest infections. DON'T MISSCovid vaccine: Woman dies from 'sudden' side effect [ADVICE]High cholesterol: Three early signs on your hands [INSIGHT]Vitamin B12 deficiency: Three unusual signs you're diet is lacking [TIPS] Commenting on the findings, Doctor Faye Riley, of Diabetes UK, said: “This study, and others, hint that coronavirus could be triggering type 2 diabetes. "But it’s not yet clear if the virus is causing new cases of type 2 diabetes, bringing undiagnosed cases to light, or temporarily driving up blood sugar levels." If you have diabetes, you are no more likely to catch coronavirus (COVID-19) than anyone else. "However people with diabetes are more vulnerable to developing a severe illness if they do get coronavirus, but the way it affects you can vary from person to person," warns Diabetes UK. The health body explains: "The majority of people who do get coronavirus – whether they have diabetes or not – will have mild symptoms and don’t need to go into hospital. "However, everyone with diabetes, including those with type 1, type 2, gestational and other types, is more vulnerable to developing a severe illness if they do get coronavirus." As it points out, in adults with diabetes, there are certain factors that increase risk of serious illness like being older, having a high HbA1c (average blood sugar), or having a history of diabetes-related complications. Many people have type 2 diabetes without realising. This is because symptoms do not necessarily make you feel unwell. Symptoms of type 2 diabetes include: According to the NHS, you should see a GP if you have any of the symptoms of type 2 diabetes or you're worried you may have a higher risk of getting type 2 diabetes. "You'll need a blood test, which you may have to go to your local health centre for if it cannot be done at your GP surgery," explains the health body. The earlier diabetes is diagnosed and treatment started, the better.