Liverpool have been astute in the transfer market in recent years with each big-money purchase making an instant impact on Jurgen Klopp's squad. And, according to Spanish reports, they could be about to repeat that success with a move for Aurelien Tchouameni. The Reds are currently on course for a historic quadruple following their FA Cup quarter-final win over Nottingham Forest on Sunday. Players are now off for the international break before the season resumes next month in what will be a hectic final few weeks for Klopp's side. They sit just one point behind league leaders Manchester City and have a strong chance of progressing into the Champions League semi-finals when they take on Benfica. And they also face City in the FA Cup semi-final a week after their league meeting at the Etihad. Klopp will need a fully-fit squad available to choose from after the international break with those on the fringes likely to get big minutes. The Liverpool boss is spoilt for choice in attack with Luis Diaz, Diogo Jota, Sadio Mane, Roberto Firmino and Mohamed Salah to choose from. And it's a similar case in midfield with Klopp happy to chop and change between Thiago, Fabinho, Jordan Henderson, Naby Keita and Curtis Jones. JUST IN: Arsenal and Liverpool in transfer race for £35m Gakpo but face hurdle   Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain got a rare start against Nottingham Forest as well, but Liverpool could bolster their midfield options even further this summer. Tchouameni is regarded as one of the world's biggest prospects having impressed at Monaco and breaking into the international team. But Monaco look set to miss out on European football for next season and Liverpool could be in the mix for Tchouameni's signature. According to Marca, the 22-year-old not only has his eyes on a move to the Premier League, but he is also keen on a move to the north of England. Liverpool won't be alone in trying to sign the midfielder though with both Manchester clubs touted as options. All three clubs are said to have made 'enquiries' on Tchouameni's availability but they may hold an edge over the likes of Real Madrid and Juventus. DON'T MISS  For now, Liverpool's focus remains on the final few months of the season with Klopp insisting that they're up for the challenge. “We have Watford, Benfica, City, Benfica, City, United, Everton (after the international break),” Klopp said. “From a Liverpool perspective these are all massive games and we try to play them one at a time and not all together. “We knew before the game City would be the opponent if we wanted to go to the final anyway. Now here we go. The further you go in whichever competition the more likely you are you will face City at one point. “I don’t think we are the dream draw for anyone, but it will be a tough tie and we have to make sure it will be tough for City as well."