Bridgerton made its big debut in December 2020 and shortly became one of Netflix's biggest success stories, now with a huge cult following. Having concluded Daphne Bridgerton's (played by Phoebe Dynevor) story, it is now time for the plot to focus on her older brother Anthony Bridgerton's (Jonathan Bailey) search for the one. Much like the first series, the developing storylines will be accompanied by memorable background music. As Bridgerton premiered two years ago, fans had expectations of a Waltz to classical music from the likes of Mozart and Tchaikovsky. So when the string quartet began to play Ariana Grande's Thank U Next, fans were delighted with the unusual way of bringing the story of Bridgerton into the 21st Century. There were songs from artists including Billie Eilish, Maroon 5 and Taylor Swift featured in the first eight episodes. With series two now almost here, there is a new list of tracks for the string quartet to play. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Ken Barlow horrified over Jacob Hay's secret? Diamonds by Rihanna, covered by Hannah V and Joe Rodwell You Oughta Know by Alanis Morissette, covered by Duomo Stay Away by Nirvana, covered by Vitamin String Quartet Sign of the Times by Harry Styles, covered by Steve Horner Dancing on My Own by Robyn, covered by Vitamin String Quartet What About Us by P!nk, covered by Duomo How Deep is Your Love by Calvin Harris, covered by Kris Wrecking Ball by Miley Cyrus, covered by Midnight String Quartet Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham, covered by Kris Bowers Material Girl by Madonna, covered by Kris Bowers A musical highlight for the creators was the cover of Styles' Sign of the Times, according to the show's music supervisor Justin Kamps. He explained to Tudum: “When Harry Styles’ team signed off, I was very excited about that because I was just like, ‘This is just a beautiful use.’ “So even though it wasn’t a direct, ‘We love this,’ it felt like, ‘Ah, yes, they approved this, they’re giving their approval. They enjoy the sequence.' "And now, I can’t wait for all the fans to see it.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Graham Foster 'returns from the dead' to help Meena? [THEORY]Death in Paradise’s Don Warrington speaks out on future of series [CAST]Bridgerton almost ditched Whistledown twist as bosses 'weren't sure' [EXPLAINER] According to the show's award-winning composer Kris Bowers, season two will be getting it's "own theme", in terms of music. This second outing will see Anthony move on from opera singer Sienna Rosso (Sabrina Bartlett) and develop feelings for Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran). She is chaperoned by her older sister Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley) at all times so Anthony must seek her approval first. This means spending a lot of time together to ensure the Viscount is the right match for Edwina. But as season two continues, sparks begin to fly between Kate and Anthony. Talks have also already started on what the musicians are planning for season three. The good news of a third series came in April 2021, with the drama receiving the green light for a double renewal. As of yet, there has been no confirmation of a release date but it is expected to be out sometime in early 2023. Bridgerton season 2 premieres on Friday, March 25, on Netflix.