Joanne Clifton was crowned Strictly Come Dancing champion in 2016 alongside her celebrity dance partner Ore Oduba. The 38-year-old has addressed her health concerns as the professional dancer admitted people shouldn't be "embarrassed". The performer, who is currently taking part in The Addams Family Musical Tour, also opened up on her own personal health woes. The former Strictly dancer was diagnosed with osteoarthritis in her knees at the tender age of 31 in 2015, adding that she was "in so much pain". Kevin Clifton's sister has now detailed a common health issue that is found among other professional dancers. Joanne explained that professional dancers are often diagnosed with arthritis. READ MORE: Monty Don stuns fans as host unveils surprise item he refuses to own She said: "Ballroom is what I specialised in more and you dance with your knees. You never straighten your leg. "Of course, wear and tear is going to happen with your knees and your hips as well." Joanne continued: "The number of dancers that have come forward after reading articles, or social media, and said, 'Oh my God I suffer from it too. I've suffered with it for years.' "People have had all kind of problems with arthritis. It's so common in dancers."  She added: "I can only talk about from a dance perspective. I imagine over time that it would affect other styles of dancers as well. So many people. "We've all lived it and get through by doing certain things." The dancer explained that people tend to assume that the disease can only impact the elderly but added that this is far from the case. Joanne has continued to raise awareness about the debilitating effects of arthritis after she teamed up with Arthr, a social venture powered by the charity Versus Arthritis, which is the UK's largest charity dedicated to supporting people with arthritis. DON'T MISS... Anne Hegerty pulls out of Beat the Chasers as she names replacement[LATEST]Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels'[TWITTER]Kirstie Allsopp cries amid Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe's return to UK[ADMISSION] Osteoarthritis (OA) is the most common form of arthritis and is a degenerative joint condition that impacts the bone causing wear and tear resulting in the cartilage joint breaking down. There are 18.8 million people living with arthritis and musculoskeletal (MSK) conditions in the UK. Speaking about her condition, Joanne explained: "I was officially diagnosed with arthritis in 2015 after a flare on a Strictly tour. "I trained in Italy for years and my knees had been painful and made a cracking sound whenever I was bending down. "I put it down to hard work at the time." Joanne has remained resolute and is determined to continue with her dancing career as she explained that arthritis can affect people at any age. "For one, it is important for me to get it out there that we get rid of the stigma that it's only for old people, because it's not," Joanne commented. "You can be diagnosed with arthritis at any age." You can find out more information at arthr.com 