Princess Charlene and Prince Albert tied the know at the Prince's Palace of Monaco in front of 100,000 guests. In 2010, Prince Albert presented Charlene with a stunning diamond ring. The massive ring features a three-carat, pear-cut diamond flanked by smaller diamonds. Jewellers Rogers & Holland said the unique pear-shaped stone is “very stylish and bold”. They explained it has "a resemblance to an elegant teardrop with one pointed end and one rounded end". READ MORE: Rather un-royal': Princess Eugenie's body language is 'carefree' "Combining tradition and brilliance, pear shape diamond engagement rings are perfect for the bride who is drawn to excitement and the unexpected,” they said. The beautiful jewel was crafted by Parisian jeweller Repossi. Love to Know added: “The elongated pear shape shows a woman to be an individual, yet she still has a soft side for traditional romance.” The “unusual” shaped ring was seen many times after the engagement but Princess Charlene doesn't wear it anymore.  Since 2019, she hasn't been seen wearing her engagement or wedding ring. Instead, the royal has been wearing other jewels. During Monaco’s National Day in 2019, Charlene donned a silver and gold ring on the wedding finger of her left hand instead. In June 2020, she wore a chunky silver ring to attend Elizabeth-Ann de Massy’s funeral at Monaco Cathedral. Princess Charlene and Prince Albert have two children together: twins Gabriella and Jacques. The royal spent a long time away from her family last year as she stayed in South Africa while being treated for an ear infection. Charlene explained: "It's taken time to address the problem that I'm having. "I cannot go into full detail, but I cannot force healing so I will be grounded in South Africa until the end of October. The reason being I cannot fly above 3,000 metres otherwise I'll have a problem with my ears." However, rumours about her marriage began circulating while she was away. Royal commentator Stéphane Bearn said: "In Monaco, since the departure of Charlene, tongues have loosened. In the whirlwind of a hard-nosed court, her fine shine is rubbing off. Her sad looks are regarded as haggard. "Disappointed Monegasques talk about her anger, her whimsical moods, which are as changeable as her hair. "The Palace had to invoke a suffering Princess so often that the Monegasques today find it hard to believe. By crying wolf, the mother of Jacques and Gabriella would have discredited and isolated herself."