Julie Tatchell and Amanda Middleditch are two fan-favourites on The Repair Shop, putting their magic to work and giving beloved teddy bears a new lease of life. They have been part of the BBC One series since 2017 and continue to help those who visit the barn. Here's what Express.co.uk knows about Julie Tatchell's personal life away from the cameras. Julie is a soft toy and vintage bear restorer from Southampton who is passionate about preserving the traditions of toy making. With this strong ethos in mind, Julie was eager to set up a business that kept those methods alive. It isn't known how long Julie and partner-in-crime Amanda Middleditch have been friends but it was long before the days of The Repair Shop. They are so close that in 2006, they set up toy and bear restoration shop Bear it in Mind in Julie's hometown of Southampton. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series Julie doesn't give too much away in terms of her private life, preferring to keep out of the spotlight. She is the joint owner of the Bear it in Mind Instagram page but the account focuses on the work that they do at the shop. So very little is actually known about Julie when she is away from her work either on The Repair Shop or at her real-life store. However, it isn't believed that Julie is married or currently in a relationship. Her business partner Amanda, on the other hand, has got a special someone in their life. There are no details on who he is but she has previously mentioned her husband when talking about her teddy bear collection. Speaking to Yours, Amanda said: “Every so often, they’re [the teddy bears] brought down for a bit of a clean and a brush-up, and my husband, being taller than me, puts them back. "I have to direct him, though. ‘No, not that one there,’ I’ll say. "‘I want him on the other side so I can see him when I wake up in the morning!'” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street heartache as Summer Spellman destroys Amy's romance? [THEORY]The Repair Shop expert Dominic Chinea details 'testing' restoration  [EXPLAINER]Jay Blades teases return to Strictly Come Dancing [CAST] Julie and Amanda will be back in tonight's repeat of The Repair Shop on BBC One. The description reads: "Soft toy restorers Amanda Middleditch and Julie Tatchell work their magic on an old teddy called Fred. "Fred is a beloved childhood toy, but his owner migrated to Australia many years ago, sadly without Fred. "The 50-year-old, threadbare bear is stuffed with his original wood fibre, which is not permitted by Australian customs. "Amanda and Julie set about carefully dismantling, cleaning and restuffing the bear so that he can make the long journey down under to be reunited with his owner and a new addition to their family." Sadly, season eight of The Repair Shop came to an end in January 2022. There is no need to be concerned though as the future is looking bright for the show. The Repair Shop has already been renewed for a ninth outing which is expected to begin later this year. The Repair Shop is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.