Houseplants can be difficult to get to grips with, as different species have their own unique set of care instructions. However, if your plant is beginning to feel under the weather, this may manifest itself in physical warning signs. Though different plants give off a variety of signs they aren’t well, there are some hints that are more common than others. Among some of “the first” warning signs given off by your houseplant are changes to its leaves. Experts from MyPlantin.com say that this is a “common signal” that can indicate a number of things - from too much water to too little. If you can identify the cause of your houseplant’s illness, you may be able to treat it. READ MORE: Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home Yellow leaves can be caused by overwatering. This is because when there is too much water, oxygen is pushed out of the soil and the roots are essentially suffocated. With little air, root rot can begin to set in. One way to check whether your plant has too much water is by testing the soil. Though many plants like their soil to be moist, they don’t want to be soaking all of the time. Check the specific watering requirements for your houseplant, and consider holding off until your plant has had time to drink up the water it already has. DON'T MISSHouse prices map: 10 regions see valuations soar across the UK [MAPPED]How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [EXPLAINER]Alan Titchmarsh’s secret to growing ‘beautiful’ roses [COMMENT] Brown leaves can be an indication of a number of things, depending on the plant variety. According to MyPlantin.com, they can indicate too much water, too little water or even an aggressive fertiliser. If your plant is not getting enough water, you might notice the tips of your plant’s leaves are turning brown. In this case, make sure to increase watering or consider replanting so that the roots have more room to grow. Another reason for leaves turning brown is a high concentration of salt in the soil, commonly causes by too much fertiliser. If you do think you have over-fertilised your plant, reduce how much fertiliser you give in the following weeks, and increase the amount of water for a few weeks to wash away the salt. Dark brown or dark grey spots, particularly with a yellow border or black spots at the centre, can be a sign of downy mildew growth. This is caused by fungi, and can affect any indoor plant, though My Plantin.com says it is “quite rare”. The spread is aggravated by high humidity and poor ventilation and often spreads during the spring. The best thing you can do is remove any impacted leaves, and try to eliminate moisture and humidity around your houseplants. When entire leaves turn brown and fall, especially those towards the bottom of your plant, this can indicate underwatering and too much heat. Leaves that wilt and turn brown at the top of a plant may also be a sign of underwatering. However, plants that love the shade, might suddenly turn brown and wilt if they get too much sun. The best way to fix this problem is by identifying your plant’s specific care instructions. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) recommends gently tipping your plant out of its pot and checking the condition of its roots. If roots have turned brown, rotted and soft, you may need to increase or reduce watering. You may also need to relocate your plant to a cooler or shadier location in your home.