According to an intelligence brief by Ukraine's Ministry of Defence, a "group of influential" Kremlin insiders conscious of the long-term threats the war is posing on their country are adamant to replace the Russian president, with FSB director Oleksandr Bortnikov tipped as the most likely alternative. Ukraine's Chief Directorate of Intelligence said: "It is known that Bortnikov and some other influential representatives of the Russian elite are considering various options to remove Putin from power. "In particular, poisoning, sudden disease, or any other 'coincidence' is not excluded." Both Bortnikov and Putin served on the KGB in Leningrad before Bortnikov took over the rebranded security agency. At the start of Moscow's conflict with the West, Bortnikov was viewed as a key figure in Putin's manoeuvres. However, with Russia's plans for a swift victory proving increasingly difficult, their relations reportedly deteriorated. Ukraine LIVE: Mariupol 'will not SURRENDER' as Putin abducting & deporting those trapped One Ukrainian intelligence source said recently: "It is noteworthy that Bortnikov has recently been disgraced by the Russian dictator. "The official reason for the disgrace of the FSB leader – fatal miscalculations in the war against Ukraine. "Bortnikov and his department were responsible for analyzing the mood of Ukraine and the ability of the Ukrainian army." The claims come amid obvious signs Russian troops are struggling in their battle against Ukraine, whose men are showing fierce resistance. According to the Armed Forces of Ukraine, close to 15,000 Russian soldiers had died in the war by Sunday. In addition, more than 100 helicopters, 400 tanks and 900 vehicles have been destroyed. The UK Ministry of Defence, meanwhile, said Moscow had failed to gain control of the air in its war against Ukraine, which "significantly blunted their operational progress". The MoD's intelligence report added: "The Ukrainian Air Force and Air Defence Forces are continuing to effectively defend Ukrainian air space." Losses among Putin's forces and errors of Kremlin leaders might be serving as a wake-up call for a nation gripped with sanctions and virtually excluded from the world economy. A Western source told the Daily Mirror on Saturday: "These rumours and suspicions within the Moscow inner-circle will sow the seeds of paranoia and doubt in the leadership. "There is no doubt that as the Russian elite feel the pinch of sanctions that they will be looking at the future with an eye on what a catastrophe this war is for them – and it's going to get worse. "There is a significant suspicion that a small number of people might actually now try to get rid of the Russian President but whether they will succeed remains to be seen. "Certainly they are being given an awful lot of encouragement by various influential figures in the West and the feeling amongst most people is that enough is enough." DON'T MISS: Nuclear war warning: World on brink as conflict could turn atomic [INSIGHT] Ukraine horror: Putin recruits 40,000 'ISIS' fighters [REPORT] Putin could set up 'concentration camps' in Ukraine [WARNING] The prospect of a new Russian leader not only signals a loss of confidence and respect in Putin from his people but comes amid a renewed display of courage by Kyiv, whose decision-makers on Sunday night reiterated they will not give up. Ukraine has defied an ultimatum by the Russian military for its forces to surrender the port city of Mariupol, which has suffered some of the heaviest bombardments since the war began on February 24. Despite being besieged for almost four weeks, with many of its 400,000 residents trapped, the Ukrainian government disregarded the Kremlin's demand for the city's defenders to "lay down arms" by 5am Moscow time on Monday. Ukrainian Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk said: "There can be no talk of any surrenders, laying down of arms. We have already informed the Russian side about this." According to online news site Ukrainska Pravda, she added: "Instead of wasting time on eight pages of letters, just open a [humanitarian] corridor." On Monday morning, there was no further comment from the Russian side on the deadline to surrender. The Western source added: "Crucially, although Ukraine has suffered immensely from this invasion it has wrong-footed Russia’s military at every step, predicting their military moves and crippling their forces. "It is very possible that somebody has been leaking information and given every bit of encouragement to do so - perhaps with an offer of a future in the west or even in Russia itself."