Manchester United are gearing up for major changes this summer with plenty of contracts set to expire. Ed Woodward usually only tried signing three players every year but that will have to drastically change in the next transfer window. United’s new director of football John Murtough will have no choice but to can Woodward’s long-term summer transfer plan straight away. The ex-Red Devils chief was often reluctant to splash out on more than three players every year to help keep the bulk of the squad the same. But with three key exits planned ahead of the summer, United might have to bring in more than double that number to bolster their chances in the Premier League. Paul Pogba, Edinson Cavani and Jesse Lingard look set to leave at the end of the season when their contracts expire. Talks have been either shelved or not planned at all, paving the way for their departures and replacements will need to be sought after. And that does not even begin to look at the wider issues in the squad that will also have to be dealt with. There is a long list of players that are eyeing departures, though it remains to be seen whether United would grant their wishes with a summer rebuild being craved for by fans. Loanee pair Anthony Martial and Donny van de Beek’s situations will have to be assessed while there are question marks over the futures of Dean Henderson, Eric Bailly and Marcus Rashford. The exit of Pogba might be felt the hardest with Ralf Rangnick already telling his superiors that he needs another midfielder. Cavani’s departure will be a hefty blow as well and a striker is being looked at ahead of the summer. Rangnick has already stuck the knife in at Old Trafford over their shoddy recruitment, saying: “If I look at their transfer policy and their transfer success, they haven’t had many players who after one or two years people would have said maybe that wasn’t the right signing.” And the German coach, who will move into a consultancy role at the end of the season, will be part of a team that will look at the transfer window this summer. The stakes might never have been so high with United teetering in a crucial moment in their history. Drastic changes might be necessary after years of complacency and huge transfer fees with mega wages, it could be time to hit the reset button.