The choreographer opened up about working with Tom Parker when he made his theatrical debut as Danny Zuko in Grease The Musical during an appearance on Thursday's instalment of BBC Breakfast. Dame Arlene, who was still coming to terms with his untimely death, revealed The Wanted singer worked "so hard" throughout his career. She told presenters Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt the star "seemed to be able to battle through anything and everything".   Naga began: "It's very sad the reason we are talking to you this morning, but I think we have learned from the little we saw of Tom, was that he was absolutely determined to make the most of life and I think you saw that up close." An emotional Arlene said: "I first worked with him on Grease where he had to do the biggest dance in the whole of the musical and he said, 'I don't dance,' but I told him he had to." She continued to say he managed to do the best Danny Cha Cha dance than anybody she had ever choreographed for. "He worked so hard, he was phenomenal and they did a lift like you cannot believe and he was strong and worked so hard." READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is  Dame Arlene continued: "He was determined he was going to prove to me he was going to be a dancer." Tom made his Grease the Musical debut in 2017 when it launched at the Palace Theatre, in Manchester. The singer delayed his wedding to now-wife Kelsey Hardwick so he could "achieve his dream" of playing Danny in the musical. He asked Kelsey to marry him in 2016 but after he was picked to play the heartthrob they did not tie the knot until 2018.  Reflecting on his career, Dame Arlene continued: "He absolutely loved performing and he seemed to be able to battle through anything and everything." She said it was difficult to see such a "fit and strong" young man deteriorate since his brain cancer diagnosis. "His wife is so young to lose the dad of her children and her partner," she added with a heavy heart. Doting dad Tom and Kelsey, 30, share daughter Aurelia and son Bodhi together. DON'T MISS...Tom Parker: Wanted star's 'aggressive' brain tumour explained [EXPLAINER]BBC's Deborah James 'text Tom often' amid The Wanted star's death [INSIGHT]Tom Parker's final tribute post to The Wanted before his death [LATEST] Tom was diagnosed with the illness in October 2020 and was undergoing treatment up until his death on Wednesday. Dame Arlene added: "It would touch your heart to watch [Tom and Kelsey] together and see the love they had for each other." The former Strictly Come Dancing star added: "It's a terrible, terrible loss, terrible." Following his death, Kelsey wrote on Instagram to her many followers her heart was broken.  She added: "Tom was the centre of our world. We can't imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence." Her post continued: "We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom's light continues to shine for his beautiful children." His bandmates said they were "devastated" by Tom's death and were with him and his family when he died. BBC Breakfast continues on weekdays between 6am and 9.15am on BBC One. 