Manchester United are continuing to explore their options when it comes to hiring a new manager. And recent reports suggest Erik ten Hag has become the frontrunner to take over at Old Trafford. The 52-year-old has done well at Ajax over the past five years, helping the Dutch giants re-emerge as one of Europe’s elite clubs in the process. Manchester United are being linked with several managers at the current moment in time. They seemingly remain interested in Mauricio Pochettino, despite Paris Saint-Germain insisting the Argentine won’t be leaving the Parc des Princes. United have also been eyeing Roberto Mancini and Luis Enrique, too. But Ten Hag now appears to be the frontrunner to take over from Ralf Rangnick, with the German a particularly big admirer of the Ajax boss. So Express Sport will now take a look at three Ajax players the 52-year-old may bring with him if he ends up being given the keys to Old Trafford. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United are primed to pursue a midfielder when the transfer window reopens at the end of the season. So what about Ajax’s Ryan Gravenberch? The Netherlands international has been likened to Paul Pogba, with the Dutchman strong on the ball, a composed passer and somebody capable of helping his team tick. Pogba is expected to leave Old Trafford this summer amid links to Real Madrid and Juventus. So it’s certainly feasible Ten Hag will target a deal for his current Ajax midfield general if he ends up moving to the Premier League. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Some members of United’s frontline are facing uncertain futures. Mason Greenwood is unavailable, Anthony Martial may be sold and Amad is still deemed too raw to play regularly. Therefore, it’s possible United will try and sign a winger when the transfer window reopens in the summer - regardless of who occupies the hotseat. Antony has fared well under Ten Hag over in Amsterdam. And the Brazilian, who has son comparisons with Neymar due to his trickery on the ball, would certainly a good addition to the Red Devils’ attack. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Sebastian Haller toiled during his previous time in England with West Ham. Yet the 27-year-old has been a player reborn at Ajax, with Ten Hag coaching the best from the Ivory Coast international. Haller has bagged 18 goals from 22 Eredivisie matches this term, clocking up six assists along the way. And he’s also scored 11 times in the Champions League as well. United will need a new striker to replace Edinson Cavani and, potentially, Cristiano Ronaldo. Therefore, Ten Hag could shortlist Haller - a player he knows is capable of dancing to his tune. Before United’s match with Manchester City on Sunday, Rangnick was asked about Ten Hag. “So far, we haven’t at all spoken about that,” he said when asked about the club’s managerial plans. “Not only me but not John Murtough, not nobody else. We haven’t had that topic in the last weeks and months, since I’ve been here. “I know my opinion but so far we haven’t spoken about that so this is only what I can tell you.” He then added: “I don’t know him, to start with, as a person, but obviously I’ve seen the development that Ajax have took since he was there. “I also know a little bit about his work that he did when he was with Bayern Munich and that he’s one of the top coaches in Europe, it’s obvious, but there are a few other top coaches in Europe. “As I said, we haven’t spoken about any new managers so far and therefore we didn’t speak about him.”