One Direction fans have no doubt been enjoying seeing Harry hit the silver screen in recent years. Not only did he give a great performance in his acting debut, Dunkirk, but he has since taken on a number of major Hollywood projects. He was most recently revealed to be Eros, the brother of Thanos, in the Marvel movie Eternals. But it has now been confirmed he has dropped his spot in an upcoming vampire movie. Overnight it was revealed Harry has dropped out of Nosferatu. The information was confirmed by Variety. The movie is a remake of the 1922 film of the same name which was heavily inspired by the 1897 gothic novel Dracula. In the film, Count Orlok - a vampire - preys on the blood of his estate agent's wife, Ellen. Harry's role in the movie had not yet been revealed, but he would likely be taking on the role of the estate agent, Thomas Hutter. He was due to play opposite The Witch and Princess Peach actress Anya Taylor Joy. This news follows an update on Harry's music career which excited fans earlier this week. Harry has been noticeably quiet on the music front since 2019 when he released his second album, Fine Line. The number one record was a fantastic success. Not only did it go multi-platinum in a number of countries - including the UK, USA and Canada - but it also received a Grammy Award for Best Pop Solo Performance. Now, the British pop icon has finally announced his next album will hit in just over a month. Recently on his social media accounts, Harry revealed his third album's title and cover, as well as its release date. READ MORE: 'In mourning' One Direction fans 'devastated' by 'split' news He announced "Harry's House" will be hitting streaming services and store shelves on May 20 of this year. What's more, his fans can listen to his new music by the end of the week after he also announced his first single from the record, As It Was, will be released this Thursday. The song will likely hit the airwaves alongside a music video, as well. Harry has a lot going on in the next few months, so it's no surprise he dropped out of Nosferatu. DON'T MISS...'In mourning' One Direction fans 'devastated' by 'split' news [INFO]One Direction star promised 1D would 'not' split after Zayn Malik exit [NEWS]One Direction: Louis Tomlinson plays historic pointed 1D track [INSIGHT] Later this year two films starring Harry will be released. The first is Don't Worry Darling, a movie he stars in opposite Marvel alum Florence Pugh (of Black Widow fame). The film's plot focuses on a 1950s housewife finding out a dark secret about her husband (Harry). The second film of the year is My Policeman, which is based on a novel of the same name. Harry stars opposite The Crown actor Emma Corrin in a tense story surrounding a secret forbidden love affair between Harry's character and another man. But, despite the Watermelon Sugar's busy schedule, fans are still hoping he'll return to One Direction before the end of the year. Ladbrokes recently dropped some bad news about this potential reunion, however. The bookies worsened to odds on 1D getting back together this year to 7/2. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Reunion odds are only heading in One Direction, and it's bad news for fans of the band, with a 2022 comeback looking less likely than ever before." SOURCE