With energy bills currently at astronomical levels and a price hike looming on April 1, the cost of staying warm has become a real concern for many. Speaking at the Ideal Home Show 2022, Martin Lewis shared some exclusive tips on how people could lower their bills. Mr Lewis explained how by focusing on water usage, Britons could actually reduce their energy bills. He said: “Bizarrely, one way to save on your energy bills is to use less water, because much of the water we use in our home has been heated, so we pay for it to be heated. “There’s a website called savemoneysavewater.co.uk which collates all the freebies available from the water companies around the country, such as £30 aerated shower heads, which you can get for free. “What that does is you can feel the same shower pressure but you’re actually using far less water to do it. READ MORE: ‘I am concerned!’ Martin Lewis issues warning to every household earning under £30,000 “It’s worth checking out, go grab yourself a freebie, save on your water – good if you’re on a water bill – and save on your energy because you’re paying to heat less water." The Money Saving Expert also explained how people may be able to get some support from the Government during these challenging times. He said: “In April, those in bands A to D council tax will get a £150 rebate to help towards their energy bills. “If you’re not in band A to D, though, then the Government is setting up a £140million discretionary fund for the people who are struggling but are not eligible for the £150. DON'T MISSNationwide offers 2.5% interest on savings but building society warns 'limited time only’ [SAVING]POLL: Do you actually want Rishi Sunak’s mandatory energy bill ‘loan’? [POLL]TV licence: How to get 50 percent off your bill or get it for free [INSIGHT] “So, if that’s you, say you’re in Band D and you’ve really got no money, make sure in April you contact your local council because they’re the ones distributing £150 and see if they’ll give it to you. “You might not get the whole amount, but they can give you up to £150. Each council has its own terms as to who will get the money there.” However, he warned that some people may miss out on the £150 if they do not have a direct debit set up. “If you pay council tax by direct debit, that will be paid into your bank account,” Mr Lewis said. “If you don’t pay it by direct debit, you might want to think about setting up one very quickly – I don’t know the exact deadlines because it’s council by council. “If you don’t set that up, do watch out because your council will contact you to tell you how to claim the £150 and you don’t want to miss out on it.” Britons may also be able to reduce their energy bill by topping up their meter just before the April 1 price hike kicks in. Mr Lewis explained: “If you’re on a non-smart prepayment meter, then look to top-up as much as you can before April 1, because the regulators confirmed to me that you get the rate on the day that you top-up, not the day that you use energy. “So, that means put in as much as you can in March before the big April 1 price hike, and then you’ll still be able to use it in April but paying the cheaper price, and then not top-up again until you really need to. “When you top-up again, it’ll change the price.” Another way to get a lower bill before the hike could be to take a meter reading before it comes into effect. Mr Lewis said: “If you pay by monthly direct debit, I’d urge you to do a meter reading on March 31, the day before the 54 percent rise in the April price cap.