According to a flight attendant, senior passengers are more likely to get better treatment on board and she shared exactly how to do it. Flight attendant Helena Afroughi said the secret to getting something for free is to ask for it "nicely". She said: "If someone asks me nicely, or any crew, you must be really a bad person to say no. "UNLESS there's a senior manager right next to you and you say no. But I always go back and give them a meal or what they asked for free and I'm like shhh," Helena admitted. She continued: "With that being said, I mean I'm not gonna give them whiskey Coke because they asked nicely. READ MORE: Simple' hack elderly travellers 'should always do' to avoid injuries  "But if it's not a company like easyJet or Ryanair (where it is sales onboard only) and I have a spare meal to give I'll give it to them. Or some Coke or juice, whatever." Another trick Helena explained "always works" is "when people bring some sweets to the crew, chocolates or whatever. And they make themselves known. "Don't just give it and run away. "When people do that, the cabin chief would be like 'make sure you go up to him and ask him if he wants coffee or tea' because we could give it for free. Obviously not everything from the snack bar though," she said. However, the cabin crew member said she wouldn't give anything that cost her money or things that are not essential for a passenger, such as alcohol. She explained: "Not anything from the bar that would cost me money. And not if it will look like I'm stealing and giving to other people for free." Helena said she normally gives special treatment to any passenger who is nice to her, but "especially an elderly". The flight attendant explained: "They are more fragile etc so yeah I would be more accomodating if I was asked nicely." But how should passengers ask? Helena explained: "I would suggest then going to the crew who looks the nicest. "Maybe is smiling more or looks happier." The flight attendant warned passengers not to go for the "grumpy one". "Don't go and ask the b*** looking ones," she said. Helena added: "Finding a crew member who is a bit more senior might help. "Or finding one who you can tell is kind. "Don't go for the cabin crew who is grumpy and strict looking."