Never mind that it nearly broke most of us. Never mind we didn’t have luxuries, or holidays in the Maldives or cars or six lattes a day. No, we’re demonised as the “grey generation” that has stolen all the housing wealth from the poor millennials. And to listen to those millennials we’re all apparently lounging in luxurious houses that were bought decades ago for the price of a packet of fags – which clearly they weren’t. But hey, it suits the narrative. And they’re quick to tell us it’s our fault that they can’t buy a house now because there aren’t any they can afford. And anyway we have all the best and biggest ones (apparently) which we should move out of and let them have because when you’re old you don’t need a big house that’s bigger than a shoe box (apparently) Never mind the fact we’ve earned the right to own a house – big or small. According to them, us “oldies” should just vacate them and if we don’t we’re being selfish and greedy. Yep, I’ve heard all that about my generation. you don’t hear those young people talking about is how hard we had to work not just to buy those houses but to hang onto them down the decades. You never hear them talking about the spectacular property crashes – like the one in 2008 – where house prices fell by 15 percent in 16 months. Some houses fell by as much as 50 percent and many had to sell their homes still owing tens of thousands to mortgage companies. But they never talk about that. They never talk about the recession in the 90s when property prices plummeted and left people in negative equity. They don’t talk about the worry of owning a house (often for years) that wasn’t worth the money you paid. They don’t talk about the 70s when people were hanging on by a thread . Yes there’s always been a “boom” in the property market but there’s also been “bust”. no one ever talks about the hard times for the Baby Boomers – just the money we’ve made after 40-50 years of house ownership. Which mostly gets left to the Millennials anyway – the children of Baby Boomers! And this week the whingers were out in force again after news that house prices have risen a whopping 10.8 percent this year – the fastest pace since 2007. And many are calling for a cap on prices for the “bonkers” property market. This’ll be the same bonkers market that slowed almost to a standstill in 2018. Anyway….. I’d just like to say a couple of things. First, no one has the God-given right to own a house. You might want one but it’s not your human right to have one. Second, if Millennials hate Baby Boomers so much for owning houses and despise the amount of money we’ve made from them why are they so desperate to buy one? Why not just rent which is normal practice in many countries outside the UK? When I bought my first house 40 years ago it nearly broke me. But, growing up I watched my Mum and Dad, who paid £1,800 for our first house – a tiny two up, two down in a mining village just outside Newcastle. I was 15 at the time and till then we’d lived in a council house because my parents had no way of buying a house. So they saved, they did without, both worked two jobs until eventually they had enough for a deposit. They then used every penny of their spare cash to pay off the mortgage – and then sold and bought a three-bed house which they eventually left to me. ( I was in my fifties) But I watched my working class parents’ determination to own their own home and I decided I’d do what they did. I’d scrimp and save – do whatever was necessary. And I did – and I’ve lost count of the times I thought it was going to break me. My monthly mortgage payment was more than half my salary and there came a point when interest rates hit 17 percent. I remember getting called into my bank one day thinking the bank manager was going to give me a bit of a telling off about my overdraft. Instead he demanded the return of my chequebook and cheque guarantee card on the spot and told me to get out. I had to walk out of there wondering how the hell I was going to eat that month let alone pay my mortgage. So NO, I will not try to justify or apologise for owning my own home. Not after how hard I worked and what I sacrificed to get it. And my story is replicated mong millions of other so called Baby Boomers. We weren’t “lucky” to get our houses. We grafted for them. And thanks to successive Governments raiding our pensions our house has had to become our pension. For many it’s the single biggest asset we have. Whatever equity is in it is all we have to rely on to give us a safe-ish retirement. Because we sell it, downsize and give what’s left to the kids who also get the downsized house when we’re gone. So this resentment of Baby Boomers has to stop. I question whether many young people today would give up doing what they love – going out, clubbing, eating out, going on holiday, buying cars and clothes – all to get their own home. Because it’s what people of my generation did. Which why I’m done trying to justify what I have. I earned it and millions more like me did to!