Married at First Sight UK will be back for another season later this year with a whopping 30-episode season on E4. Last time around, the reality show wasn't short of drama with personal trainer Franky Spencer accused by viewers of gaslighting his wife Marilyse Corrigan. She has since spoken to Express.co.uk on exactly why the couple broke up. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight UK.Fans quickly took to disliking Franky as he made jokes during his wedding speech about him no longer being able to get a word in now he was married. He later commented on how Marilyse had a "bug eye" along with other various jokes that viewers felt were inappropriate. Franky was labelled as "controlling" and there were calls for him to be removed from the show. Domestic abuse charity Women's Aid even commented stating that experts needed to "recognise abuse when it is happening". READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith Nevertheless, Marilyse and Franky did make it all the way to the final commitment ceremony where they agreed to stay together. When the cameras stopped rolling, the pair had remained a couple for a while and were seen walking hand-in-hand during the reunion show. Shortly after their appearance though, Marilyse and Franky did put a stop to their relationship. But Marilyse has previously commented to Express.co.uk that Franky is "harmless", and therefore his supposed behaviour onscreen wasn't the reason for the split. She explained: "We stayed together for about three months after the experiment, so we were at the reunion together. "And then we broke up mid-watching the programme, so it was halfway through it being aired which was probably a bit of a combination of all the messages I was getting as well. "He was upset, I was upset and I think it caused more friction between us. "I think we just spent too much time together afterwards and it just didn't work out the way it should have done. "It's a shame really because we got on so well." DON'T MISS...GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is [REACTION]Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? [CAST]Domenica MAFS Australia: Have Domenica Calarco and Jack Millar split? [EXPLAINER] At the time of their break-up, Franky posted a tribute to his reality star wife on Instagram. He wrote: "Hi Guys. Unfortunately, Marilyse and I have broken up. "It’s very sad because we get along great and have gotten through a lot of obstacles but it just hasn’t worked out. "We have been mature enough to remain friends because we still respect each other and been through so much together in such a short time. "Let me tell you that this woman has a huge heart which I adored and I will always appreciate all the support she gave me when trying to adapt to a new life. "Thank you Maz you're a star! You and your family have been a very special chapter in my life. X" Marilyse is a single mum of two children, teenage boys Calum and Josh. While she and Franky are no longer together, Marlise added they still talk "nearly every day" and she now sees him as a "brother". It isn't believed either of the Married at First Sight stars are dating anyone as of yet. Married at First Sight Australia is available to watch on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.