High cholesterol symptoms are known to be not obvious hence why the condition can be so dangerous. When fatty deposits begin to block the arteries, your toenails may experience some changes indicating your potential risk. Dr Sami Firoozi, a consultant cardiologist at Harley Street Clinic, has said there are two key warning signs linked to high cholesterol that can be found when looking at your toenails. One of the key signs is brittle toenails, the second is slow-growing toenails. These two signs are caused by high cholesterol levels in the blood which can cause peripheral aerial disease (PAD). READ MORE: Dementia: Low levels of vitamin B9 increases risk warns new study - signs of deficiency PAD can cause fatty deposits to block the arteries. It also stops blood being supplied to the leg muscles. Dr Firoozi said: "Although PAD is not immediately life-threatening, the process of atherosclerosis that causes it can sometimes lead to serious and fatal problems. “These include critical limb ischaemia which occurs if the blood flow to the legs becomes severely restricted."  As a general guide, the NHS recommends maintaining total cholesterol levels at 5mmol/L or less. In the UK however, three out of five adults have total cholesterol levels above 5mmol/L. What’s more, the average cholesterol levels among Britons are 5.7mmol/L. Fortunately, there are ways to reverse the condition, and diet should be the main focal point. This might include things like changing your diet or upping the amount of exercise you do. There are several foods which are not just part of a healthy diet, they can actively help to lower your cholesterol too. The optimal approach is to cut down on saturated fat and replace some of it with unsaturated fats, according to cholesterol charity Heart UK. Saturated fats are found in many foods, both sweet and savoury. Most of them come from animal sources, including meat and dairy products, as well as some plant foods. "Oily fish are a good source of healthy unsaturated fats, specifically a type called omega-3 fats," notes Heart UK. According to the health body, you should aim to eat two portions of fish per week, at least one of which should be oily. "A portion is 140g, but you could have two or three smaller portions throughout the week."