Gabby (played by Rosie Bentham) has been taking a backseat from the drama on Emmerdale recently and she has been mostly seen supporting her surrogate mother figure, Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) following her split from Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson). With her baby's father, Jamie Tate (Alexander Lincoln) supposedly dead, she has become a lot closer to Kim Tate (Claire King) and the pair have been working hard to give baby Thomas Tate all the attention he needs. When they decide he should be christened in upcoming episodes of the ITV soap, official soap spoilers have revealed all hell breaks loose, but the day could end in bloodshed for one character. The drama begins next week as the plans for the christening get underway and Kim gets some delightful news about her granddaughter, Millie Tate (Willow Bell). It will be agreed she is allowed to return to the village after going to live with Andrea Tate's (Anna Nightingale) mother, Hazel (Kate Anthony). Plans are soon changed as Kim is furious to discover her granddaughter is too poorly to attend the ceremonial event for her brother. Suspicious something else might be happening behind the scenes, the ruthless businesswoman gets prepared to tell Gabby they will not have the christening until Millie is better. Whilst all this is happening, Arthur Thomas (Alfie Clarke) is over the moon when his sister asks him to be Thomas' godfather. READ MORE: New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air With the mother of one feeling happy about the plans for the christening, she is stopped in her tracks when Kim delivers her news. It's not long before the two women are arguing as they have differing opinions on when the christening can happen. After rowing for a good few hours, the pair decide they will hold off on the christening for an extra day to allow Millie to recover. However, Gabby is setting out on a mission as she wants to give Kim an extra surprise on her grandson's big day. Viewers will have to wait and see what the surprise is but as the day of the christening arrives, the mother of one is the person who ends up being shocked by events. A new theory by Express.co.uk suggests this shock will be the return of Jamie, who was last seen working in cahoots with Hazel to get Kim as far away from her granddaughter as possible. After developing a toxic relationship with his mother, Jamie faked his own death, knowing it was possible he would never see his son Thomas again. On the day of the christening, however, he could decide he wants his son with him and Millie and so could return to the village to retrieve what he believes is rightfully his. Gabby is a character who will fight tooth and nail to ensure nothing happens to her child and when she comes face to face with Jamie, she will know she has to fight harder than she ever has done. Unfortunately, this could lead to deadly consequences as Jamie is also someone who will stop at nothing to get what he wants, whether people get hurt or not. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Emma Atkins left 'devastated' by Charity Dingle's fate [COMMENT]Hayley Tamaddon health: Star was left in 'agony' after IBS flare up [ANALYSIS]Louise Jameson admits making 'wrong choice' with Emmerdale audition [COMMENT] If he were to return, it could be a short visit as he would want to grab his son and leave the Dales before anyone realises what has happened. However, killing Gabby could tie in well to this as he would not want to stick around to find out whether the police would arrest him or not. The actress who plays Gabby, Rosie, spoke with Express.co.uk and other media, stipulating her exit could be on the horizon. Rosie explained the latest storyline she is involved in, saying: "[There is] a lot [coming up for Gabby in the next few weeks]. "When I get the scripts now, it's always something different. We filmed some fresh stuff [earlier this week]." "We had all these scenes and it literally ended in blood, sweat and tears. This storyline is just crazy," she continued. This could be a big indicator the character is going to leave as it seems someone will end up with blood on their hands. A departure for Gabby would also speak huge storylines for several characters, as Kim would come to terms with losing someone she has come to see as a daughter and her grandson. Will she put the pieces of the puzzle together and realise it was her own son Jamie who murdered Gabby and took Thomas? Laurel and Gabby's birth mother, Bernie Blackstock (Samantha Giles) would also be heartbroken over their loss as they would have never expected her to be killed. It would be more heartbreaking to see Gabby leave as she is finally starting to embrace motherhood, something she hasn't always been committed to. Rosie said of her character's thought process: "I think she gets [the urge to be a mother] in waves a bit. "She's young and she's had to mature very quickly in this storyline. The pregnancy was just a whirlwind with Jamie and she was not expecting to be a mum and the responsibilities that came with it. "But she's got such a good support system around her that she is able to be young and then kind of also take responsibility." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.