Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba is at the centre of a battle between at least five European clubs for his signature ahead of the summer transfer window. Pogba's current contract expires on June 30, which has left suitors on red alert, and he's expected to leave Old Trafford as a free agent. The 29-year-old returned to United in 2016 for a then-world record £89million fee, but his second stint at the club hasn't gone as planned. If he departs in a few months, he will only have a Europa League, League Cup and Community Shield to show for it. All three of those trophies came in his first season back in England under Jose Mourinho, preceding a painful five-season silverware drought. Manchester City, Liverpool, Chelsea, Arsenal, and Leicester City have all picked up at least one major trophy during that period. JUST IN: Arsenal icon Wright claims Tottenham have made two transfer mistakes On international duty, Pogba has admitted United's campaign is 'dead' and publicised his craving for trophies, further hinting at an exit. He said: "You have to be honest, the last five seasons have not satisfied me – really not at all. This year it is dead. We won't win anything. Whether it is with Manchester United or at another club, I want to win trophies." According to Sky Sports, the World Cup-winning Frenchman is garnering mass interest in the business end of the season. Numerous European clubs, including his former employers Juventus, Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid, are eyeing his services on a free transfer for next season. The report claims no official offers have been submitted to Pogba's representatives. And whilst he hasn't yet decided on where his future lies, United haven't tabled a fresh contract offer since last summer. However, a stay in England hasn't been ruled out as two Premier League clubs are amongst those vying for his signature. READ MORE: Leeds stance on selling Phillips amid Real Madrid and Man Utd interest The Red Devils are currently stepping up their search for a new manager, who will take charge on July 1. Erik ten Hag is considered the favourite, but Mauricio Pochettino, Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui are also expected to be interviewed for the role. It is said that the identity of United's next boss will factor into Pogba's mind when he eventually makes the crucial decision of where he will be playing his football next term. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.