Strictly Come Dancing's Oti Mabuse has taken to Instagram to pen an emotional farewell to one of her Strictly co-stars, Graziano di Prima. The dance professional, 31, spoke affectionately of their bond, a week after she confirmed that she was leaving the popular BBC show after seven years as a dancer. Oti's goodbye comes as Graziano reposted a message from a fan account. It told their 1,400 followers: "Walked upstairs to a tearful Katie! "The Alexa was on playing this song..." it read, as Celine Dion's hit, It's All Coming Back To Me, played. It continued: "When I spoke to her and asked what's wrong she said I will never see my Graziano and Oti dance together again!" READ MORE: 'Horrible, tragic' Martin Lewis bids farewell after worrying warning Graziano shared the post in view of his 158,0000 followers, adding: "Awww @otimabuse." Responding to the post that had been shared by the Italian dance pro, Oti wrote: "You'll always have a very special unique place in my heart. "Literally my best friend," she ended her comment. Oti's comment comes as she confirmed that she's leaving Strictly after seven years on the programme. Breaking the news to her 640,000 followers last week, she wrote: "Never easy to say goodbye. "Lifting the glitter ball twice and having the best journey with all my celebrities, but also meeting and working with the best team, crew, producers, celebs and incredible professional dancers!" she exclaimed. "You are my family and I adore you all forever." Oti went on to thank the BBC and revealed that she now "calls the UK home" following her nearly decade-long stint on the show. DON'T MISS... Rachel Riley supports husband Pasha as he breaks silence on Ukraine [INSIGHT]Liz Hurley breaks silence on Shane Warne’s death in heartbreaking post [UPDATE]Piers Morgan says Shane Warne was 'one of first' to call amid GMB row [ANALYSIS] She signed off her farewell post: "I will always Keeeep Dancing! and I will never forget my amazing Strictly experience!" Following her announcement, Graziano fired off an emotional tribute that had Oti welling up all over again over her difficult decision. "You have been always there for me, always!!" Graziano passionately praised his friend. "Since the first moment I joined @bbcstrictly. "I’m gonna miss you so so much on the show, I'm gonna miss dancing with you!! you can’t even imagine!" he added, including love heart emojis on the post to punctuate his point." He went on: "I wish you all the best in your life because you deserve it! "You are the strongest woman I ever met and I’ll be always here for you! "I love you friend!! @otimabuse" he ended his tribute. (sic)