Celebrity guests at the BAFTAs this evening were warned they should wear dark colours as a mark of respect amid Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Hundreds of Ukrainian people have been killed since Russia attacked the country last month. The devastating conflict has also created millions of refugees as Ukrainians desperately flee their homes. And according to reports, the celebrities in attendance have been advised to tone things down when it comes to fashion. A source told The Sun on Sunday: “Several senior showbiz agents have advised stars to dress respectably, amid fears attention-grabbing dresses and suits would appear distasteful in light of the Ukraine conflict. "The last thing they want is something like Lady Gaga's infamous meat dress or anything too controversial.” READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update Host Rebel Wilson wore a black floor-length gown with enormous ruffles and a dark blue sequined skirt. Benedict Cumberbatch wore a black velvet tuxedo jacket with a blue and yellow pin to represent the Ukrainian flag as he arrived with wife Sophie Hunter. Stephen Graham, Jessica Plummer and Millie Mackintosh also wore similar ribbons to show their support. Best actress nominee Lady Gaga opted for a dark green velvet gown with a plunging neckline, holding a tiny fluffy black bag as she posed for photos. Salma Hayek went for velvet too, in a stunning dark purple gown with a sweetheart neckline and a risque split up the leg revealing black lace underneath. AJ Odudu looked incredible in a black sequined gown with a sheer mesh panel at the front and detailing that only just covered her modesty, revealing her impossibly toned midriff. Aled Jones’ daughter Emilia, 20, braved the cold in a backless floor-length halterneck dress with a cut out keyhole in the centre of her chest. The gold gown featured a daring split which went all the way up Emilia’s left leg. Also opting for a risque thigh high split up the leg was football pundit Alex Scott, who appeared to go underwear-free as her stunning dress exposed all the way up to her hip. DON'T MISS... A Place In The Sun presenter Craig Rowe says filming thrown into chaos[LATEST]Demi Rose flashes derriere in tiny thong as model strips off[PICTURES]Tom Parker seen in a wheelchair amid battle with brain tumour[UPDATE]  Host Rebel Wilson kicked off proceedings with a gag about Prince Andrew. “I was going to do a musical number as host; it was about Prince Andrew,” she said. “It was on rollerskates. It was called Pizza Express but don’t worry, I’m not going to do it, I’m not going to sing. I’m saving my voice for the sequel to Cats.” The Australian actress also joked she would be taking over from Daniel Craig as the next James Bond. “Hold on to your martinis because the Broccolis have let me announce it here and now, this is a scoop, I’m proud to announce that the new James Bond will be me! Oh my god, yes!” she said. “I don’t want people going crazy because there will be a female James Bond, it’s not going to change things that much.” She added: “Here’s my pitch for the new Bond film – Bond goes to Australia and it can be called Die And G’day. “And because of the gender pay gap I actually won’t be 007, I’ll be 004.5.” 