  Legendary footballer Roy Keane has opened up about the first time he met wife Theresa Doyle, confessing that she once “blanked” him. The Nottingham-born dental assistant first caught Roy’s eye while they were both out clubbing in her hometown.      Roy, 50, met Theresa in 1992 when the midfielder was playing for Forest under Brian Clough. Keane once said: “I spotted a beautiful girl in a club in town. Her name was Theresa Doyle but she blanked me. “She was in a steady relationship and didn't seem at all impressed by Roy Keane, the great footballer. “In fact, I think my reputation was a downer for all kinds of reasons,” the footballer admitted, according to The Sun. READ MORE: Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby      “From time to time we ran into each other around Nottingham,” he continued. “I knew some of her friends, who told me Theresa was a dentist's assistant. “Eventually, after her relationship broke up, she relented and we went out together. I was in love.” The pair got married in a private ceremony at the Church of Our Lady Crowned in Mayfield, which is situated in Roy’s birthplace of Cork.      Roy and Theresa share five children together: Shannon, Caragh, Aidan, Leah and Alanna. Keane rarely speaks about his wife in public, but the ex-footballer once opened up about their relationship in an interview with the Sunday Times in the early 2000s. “I don’t really mention her in public, but in fairness to her, she has been a rock in my life,” he said. “Just brilliant. She reads me better than I read myself. READ MORE... Neil Jones speaks out on Strictly judging role after co-star's exit [NEWS] Ralf Little opens up on 'difficult decision' over disappointing news [UPDATE] Sean Penn shares heartbreak as he walks to Polish border amid invasion [NEWS]      "I wouldn’t say Theresa likes every part of the package,” the Irish football pundit confessed. “She knows I haven’t got a halo over my head. Actually, that’s what she likes about me. “She also knows I am not the nastiest person in the world.” Known for his fiery temperament and passionate displays on the pitch, Roy is one of the most recognisable figures of British football.      Sir Alex Ferguson labelled the footballer the best he has ever worked with and the midfielder is an enduring legend of Manchester United. Roy was signed by Nottingham Forest for £10,000 in 1990, only to be bought by Manchester United three years later for a whopping £3.75m. After the football star resigned in 2005, he began a career as a football manager at Championship club Sunderland, and has since managed Ipswich Town, the Republic of Ireland national team, Aston Villa and Nottingham Forest. Roy has also enjoyed a successful career as a pundit, working for channels like ITV and Sky Sports.    