The penultimate round of Dancing on Ice’s 14th series came to an unexpected end this week as viewers watched two celebrity performers and their partners get sent home. Fans then took to Twitter to accuse the ITV dance competition of fixing the results. Both The Vamps singer Connor Ball and Olympic BMX racer Kye Whyte were eliminated from Dancing On Ice following a tense skate-off in the semi-final. Judges Ashley Banjo, Oti Mabuse, Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean voted to save Pussycat Dolls singer, Kimberly Wyatt. Kimberly will face off against Regan Gascoigne and Brendan Cole in next week’s highly anticipated final. However, not everyone was happy with the result, and some members of the audience accused the series of fixing the results. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson crosses Russian border for The Grand Tour  Twitter user Tammy fumed: “What a fix! Kye and Connor were much better than Kimberley. I will not be watching the final.” And Fayeeee said: “Would never have guessed that three professional dancers [would be] in the final, fix from the start.” While Georgia asked: “How are these votes accurate, surely it’s a fix?” Hayley Hammersley wrote: “You can count on me not watching the fix of a final which will include three professional dancers.   “Kye and Connor was more deserving of being in the final considering how far they had improved every week.” [Sic] And Charlotte argued: “Kimberly’s skate-off routine was not the best routine. “Connor and Kye were much more captivating and fun skates. The judges had already chosen who they were putting through before they even skated. It’s such a fix.” Many fans who tuned in on Sunday night were convinced the series had tampered with the results to ensure three professionals were taking part in the finale. DON'T MISS:The Chase viewers furious as ITV airs repeat celeb special [REACTION]NCIS LA sparks frenzy as co-stars confirm new roles [LATEST]Blue Bloods delayed: CBS drama won’t air until next month [UPDATE] They have suggested all three of the remaining celebrity contestants had a major advantage over Kye and Connor due to their performance background. Kimberly’s girl group The Pussycat Dolls were well-known for their dancing routines, while Regan has trained as a professional ballet dancer and stage performer. Meanwhile, Brendan has been a fan-favourite pro on Dancing On Ice’s rival BBC competition, Strictly Come Dancing. However, other fans felt Kimberly deserved her place in the final after her skate-off performance. Jade Johnston said: “Kimberly has to win #DancingOnIce she is faultless and so elegant!! The stress is real.” And Ry Cuffin argued: “Kimberly is legit the best skater on Dancing On Ice! The British public clearly don’t know what talent is! Don’t hate me but it’s the truth.”  The semi-final already appeared to be in trouble as co-host Holly Willoughby left Phillip Schofield to present by himself after testing positive for Covid-19. Plus, the series final has now been pushed back by a week as ITV decided to show two of this year’s FA Cup Quarter Finals. Thankfully, it has been confirmed Holly will be returning for the live final on Sunday, March 27. However, after this week’s controversial results, it seems a number of Dancing On Ice fans will be reluctant to tune in when Kimberly, Brendan and Regan take to the rink one last time. Dancing On Ice series 14 concludes Sunday, March 27 on ITV.