Right now, everything is shooting up in price. Energy. Food. Petrol. And from April 6, our tax bills will rocket too. Sunak must change course and he's facing increasing calls to do just that. The cost of living crisis is set to intensify, at breakneck speed. Last week people were talking about energy bills hitting £3,000 a year. Now they're talking about £4,000. A couple of days ago, the RAC warned a litre of unleaded petrol could cost £1.60. Now it could blast through £2 or even £3. Together Russia and Ukraine together supply around 15 percent of the world’s wheat, but the widening conflict will hit production. That means even higher food prices. Our shopping bills are set to jump by £180 this year, according to analysts Kantar. Chancellor Rishi Sunak couldn't have picked a worse time to inflict a string of tax hikes. They will land in less than a month, on April 6. Although he has stuck by the NI hike in public, in private he's anxious as pressure grows for him to scrap it. Now Sunak must listen. Prime Minister Boris Johnson's move to introduce a National Insurance surcharge of 1.25 percent to pay for health and social care was never going to be popular. It is designed to raise £12 billion a year to clear post-Covid NHS backlogs and funding social care costs. There were arguments in favour at the time, as the social care crisis will only intensify as the nation gets older. The Government couldn't just borrow the money, like it did to fund Covid bailouts. That will be unsustainable in the longer run. Now the country now has more immediate financial worries. Millions can't pay their food and fuel bills, it's as simple as that. So this is an abysmal time to hike the NI rate to a thumping 13.25 percent. READ MORE: Millions of drivers could be taken off road if fuel costs continue This will hit around 28 million workers, with those on lower incomes suffering most. A worker on the average £30,000 salary will pay an extra £255 a year NI as a result. That's on top of everything else. At the same time, Sunak will also freeze income tax thresholds, so workers will pay more as their pay rises. Everything is going up up up. The pressure on the Government's finances is immense. Especially now that it will have to boost military spending, to counter the threat from Russia and other dictatorships. DON'T MISS:Sunak launches new inheritance tax and capital gains tax grab in April [WARNING]Couple lives on less than £1 a day to pay off £43,000 debt [REVEAL]20m homeowners face £6,000 ‘retrofit’ bill to hit net zero pledge [INSIGHT] Despite that, the NI hike has to be scrapped. Ordinary workers literally cannot afford it. Sunak could make amends two weeks today. His Spring 2022 forecast statement is scheduled for Wednesday, March 23. It's his last chance. Scrapping the NI levy will not solve the cost of living crisis, which is going to drag on for the rest of this year and beyond, but it will ease some of the pain. It will also show that the Government understands just how hard things are getting for ordinary people right now. The vast majority of Britons know we have to take a stand against Vladimir Putin, and are bracing themselves to pay what will be a heavy price. But the NI hike now looks like a self-inflicted wound. It has to go.