Mia Atkins (played by Mahalia Malcolm) and her brother, Mackenzie Atkins (Isaac Lemonius), have lost their parents on EastEnders following the arrest of their father Gray Atkins (Toby-Alexander Smith) last week. They are now living with their grandparents, Karen Taylor (Lorraine Stanley) and Mitch Baker (Roger Griffiths), as their lives have been changed forever in the aftermath of recent events. However, with Walford holding a lot of bad memories for the pair, a new theory generated by Express.co.uk looks at whether the pair are going to be leaving the BBC soap. The drama continues in next week's instalments of the weeknight serial drama as the residents of the Square try to get their heads around what Gray did. As the Carters, the Slaters and the Taylors rally around one another for support, Mia and Mackenzie still have no idea who their father's victims were. They have been told he was a bad man who hurt a lot of people but the extent of his villainy hasn't been explained to them. This isn't helped by the fact Karen and Mitch are on tenterhooks and don't know how to be around each other following the discovery Gray killed their daughter, Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plummer). It's not long before they put their differences aside, however, when they receive a worrying phone call about their grandchildren. READ MORE: BBC's Charlie Stayt apologises as host forced to pull interview They are told Mia and Mackenzie have been told by Arthur Fowler (Hunter Bell) their father killed Kush Kazemi (Davood Ghadami) last year. The grandparents comfort the youngsters as they try to get their heads around who Gray really is and why he did such evil things. Karen and Mitch know they are able to deal with the fallout of the drama and face the judgement of others because they are adults. However, they would be worried their grandchildren are being exposed to too much and would want to find a way to ensure they can continue to live normal lives. This could see the pair decide it would be best if the youngsters moved away from the Square and Karen could call on her sister. Kandice Taylor (Hannah Spearritt) hasn't been seen on the show since December 2018 but she has been mentioned several times by her older sister. The character is very much alive and lives in a mansion on the outskirts of London, making her the perfect candidate for Mia and Mackenzie to go and live with. Karen's sister does have a child of her own so looking after two more would not be life-changing but she would be able to give them a life their grandparents wouldn't. Having to grieve for their daughter all over again, Karen and Mitch would rather make visits to see their grandchildren rather than putting on a face all day every day when they are suffering so much heartbreak. It would be heart-wrenching for them to say goodbye to the youngsters but they would know it would be for the best in the long run. DON'T MISS...EastEnders' Jessica Plummer forgoes underwear in daring lace-up gown [PICTURES]Tamzin Outhwaite left 'in tears' over Liverpool's tribute to Ukraine [COMMENT]Danny Dyer health: Star on mental health 'struggle' and Covid fear [ANALYSIS] This would not be the first exits to come from the Taylor-Atkins family in the past year or so as there have been multiple departures. As well as Chantelle and Gray, viewers have also bid farewell to the likes of Karen's daughter, Bernadette Taylor (Clair Norris), who will be making a return at some point this year. Following the pandemic in 2020, Karen's twin sons Riley Taylor (Tom Jacobs) and Chatham Taylor (Alfie Jacobs) moved away to live with their father. Keanu Taylor (Danny Walters) also left the Square after his love triangle with Sharon Mitchell (Letitia Dean) and Louise Mitchell (Tilly Keeper) came to a dramatic conclusion. Therefore, the family's numbers continue to deplete and Keegan Taylor (Zack Morris) will be saying goodbye in the next couple of weeks. Having suffered so much loss over the past couple of years, will losing Mia and Mackenzie push Karen and Mitch back together? They would need to put on a united front to ensure their daughter, Bailey Baker (Kara-Leah Fernandes), isn't too affected by the departure of her family members. However, they would know the young girl would be able to stand on her own two feet if needed as she is strong-minded. Taking to Twitter, fans have been sharing their thoughts on what should happen to the Atkins children in the aftermath of such tragedy. Ryan wrote: "Karen and Mitch should be adopting Mack and Mia. Chelsea putting Jordan up for adoption is not what I expected #EastEnders." Caitlin added: "Surprised Mack and Mia aren't being shown more #EastEnders." Ms Dvna posted on the social media platform: "This might be extra but I wish Whitney could adopt Mia and Mack #Eastenders." Edie commented: "Can’t stop thinking about how absolutely traumatised Mack and Mia are going to be Jesus Christ #EastEnders." "Whitney has the purest bond with Mack and Mia. I hope she protects them from Gray during his demise #EastEnders," Ryan remarked. So what does the future hold for the Atkins children and will either of them turn out to be like their villainous father? EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday at 7:30pm on BBC One.