Manchester United’s owners the Glazers would prefer not to spend big on compensation for a new manager, according to reports. The Red Devils are being linked with both Erik ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino at the current moment in time. And the fallen Premier League giants are hopeful of announcing the new boss before the end of the campaign. Manchester United have gone through four permanent managers since the emotional retirement of Sir Alex Ferguson back in 2013. David Moyes was given the task of succeeding the Scot but lasted just 10 months, despite being given a six-year contract by the club’s hierarchy. United then hired Louis van Gaal but, despite winning the FA Cup back in 2016, the Dutchman lost his job after two years. Jose Mourinho steered the Red Devils to Carabao Cup and Europa League glory in 2017 but, in December 2018, was axed after losing the support of key figures. And Ole Gunnar Solskjaer spend two-and-a-half years in charge before the Glazers put him out of his misery in November, less than 24 hours after an agonising defeat to Watford. Now, United are eyeing up Ten Hag and Pochettino to take over. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And ESPN say the Glazers’ preference is to hire a manager who wouldn’t have a big compensation package needed to release them from their current contract. That appears to put Pochettino, who is contracted to Paris Saint-Germain until 2023, at a disadvantage. United would have to pay a ‘sizeable fee’ in order to land the Argentine, who has been admired behind the scenes ever since his time at Southampton. PSG are in no rush to decide Pochettino’s future after their recent Champions League exit to Real Madrid, with it possible he’ll stay for another year. Ten Hag, on the other hand, would cost just £4million to appoint from Ajax. And, after the Dutchman was recently interviewed for the position, it’s looking increasingly likely he’ll take over from Rangnick at the end of the season. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Pochettino could yet stay at PSG because they’re set for an overhaul in the summer. Director Leonardo is expected to depart, while the likes of Kylian Mbappe, Angel Di Maria and Mauro Icardi are also attracting interest from other clubs. PSG may even let Sergio Ramos go, with the veteran barely playing since his blockbuster summer move from Real Madrid. And, when it comes to United’s next manager, fans will have to be patient for a little while longer as the Glazers weigh up their options. Dutch football expert Marcel van der Kraan, meanwhile, has suggested United face competition when it comes to landing Ten Hag. "There are three major opportunities for Erik ten Hag," Van der Kraan told Sky Sports earlier this week. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "Manchester United is only one of them. “I don't want to dampen the excitement in England but maybe United have not done all the work yet. "Yes, they've had positive talks with Ten Hag but so have two other major clubs in Europe. “These are clubs who play Champions League football and who have chances to win titles in their own country. "One of those clubs is very concrete for Ten Hag, and I think that is on mainland Europe - not in England. “I know for a fact that Ten Hag is very excited about that job too." He then added: "If Manchester United want to get things going, they will have to speed things up and make things concrete. "They will have to put a contract out to him because I think there's a real danger it could become too late for him. "For Ten Hag, there may be the consideration of the graveyard Manchester United has been for managers. "Not everything during his career has gone well for United when you see how Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer have all failed and seen their reputations damaged. "It needs some more convincing from United."