Detective Superintendent Andy Furphy is leading more than 200 officers in the fight against organised crime gangs involved in slavery and exploitation. Hundreds of men and children are also victims. They are forced to work in construction, distributed to rural areas for crop-picking, into county lines gangs, cannabis factories and other criminal activity, he said.  Det Supt Furphy's team were astonished to discover 150 men being forced to work on building sites when they raided one gang. And over 1,000 women each year are trafficked to the capital for the sex trade. He said: "I don't think the extent of this problem is fully understood. People do not understand how violent and dangerous modern slavery is. Victims are everywhere, on street corners, in shops, building sites, nail bars, car washes. "It's all around us, in plain sight. If you can think of any way to exploit a human being to make money then organised criminals are almost certainly doing it. "In the case of sex work, each group will be trafficking hundreds of women into London per year. If you're a sex worker, you can't leave, your passport's been taken off you, you don't speak the language, you're scared of the authorities anyway, and you're having to sleep with 10 to 15 men a day. It is a terrible crime and inflicts trauma and suffering."  Milana: "They beat me if I didn't agree to be a prostitute" Milana was offered a well-paid job working in a UK pub when she was 16, just a few weeks after Lithuania joined the European Union in 2004. A friend's boyfriend sorted out the arrangements, saying she could pay him back, and boarded a minibus full of young women and teenage girls. They crossed by ferry but on arriving in the UK, identity documents were taken away and the women were split up.  Milana was taken to a brothel in west London. She said: "The woman there told me there was no job in any pub. She told me I had been bought to work as a prostitute. I could not believe it. "She said they paid £5,000 for me and I must pay [it] back. She said I would be beaten if I said no. On bad days I would have to see five men a day." Milana ran away twice, the last time successfully, but fell into an abusive relationship. She ended up in prison after committing benefit fraud. But on release was supported through the National Referral Mechanism (NRM) and the charity Ella's, which helps survivors of trafficking.  Comment by Emily Chalke, co-founder of charity Ella's Milana is a strong, amazing person, who has been through so much hurt. Her story is a shocking one. As a girl of 16, she was forced into sexual slavery in the heart of London, with those responsible for the crime avoiding prosecution or sanction of any sort. But it is one that is also tragically repeated, day after day. The Met Police estimates that in the capital alone more than a thousand young women are trafficked into the sex trade every year. If and when these individuals manage to escape their abusers, they are in desperate need of robust, long-term support from the Government.  This will allow them the best chance of recovery and to identify and speak out against those who have abused them. The House of Lords recently introduced an amendment to the Nationality and Borders Bill which brings survivors of modern slavery closer to receiving 12 months of support and leave to remain. This follows another Bill put forward by Lord McColl of Dulwich proposing further revisions to modern slavery laws.  His Modern Slavery (Victim Support) Bill was introduced to the House of Lords in January 2020. The measures put forward are essential to ensure appropriate support for survivors, prevent trafficking and allow them to assist with police investigations. Until these women are able to access longer-term, needs-based care, their chance at sustainable recovery is severely hindered. The UK Modern Slavery & Exploitation Helpline is on 08000 121700. 