Grant Shapps has written an open letter to P&O's chief exec, Peter Hebblethwaite, urging him to ditch plans that would see workers paid less than the minimum wage. The shipping company faced universal outrage earlier this month when it sacked 800 staff with immediate effect to hire cheaper agency contractors. The crew, which has average annual salaries of £36,000, will be replaced. P&O has said its new crews on cross-Channel and some other routes will earn around £5.50 a hour. The minimum wage in the UK for people aged 23 and above is £8.91 per hour. P&O trades in international waters and its vessels are registered abroad. This means it is not subject to UK employment law. But Mr Shapps has warned he will use new powers, gained by the UK after it left the EU, to close the "loophole" unless the company increases pay. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG The Government is considering banning maritime firms from docking at British ports unless they pay the UK minimum wage. A Department for Transport source told the Daily Mail: "Brexit allows us full control of the prized ferry routes operating between the UK and the Continent and Ireland. "There will be no room on UK ferry routes for firms that think they can get away with sweatshop pay." While the UK was a part of the EU, trade rules set by Brussels would have prevented Britain from barring access for companies based on the continent. In a letter to the P&O chief executive, published today, Mr Shapps warned he was preparring to bring forward a "package of measures" to block the ferry operator's plans. He wrote: "I will be bringing a comprehensive package of measures to Parliament to ensure that seafarers are protected against these types of actions in the way that Parliament and this Government already intended. "Through that package, I intend to block the outcome that P&O Ferries has pursued, including paying workers less than the minimum wage." P&O currently operates the routes: Dover-Calais, Cairnryan-Larne, Hull-Rotterdam, Liverpool-Dublin. Protests took place over the weekend in anger at P&Os actions. DON'T MISS:Brexit FURY: Time Boris stood up to EU bullies [COMMENT]Farage rages at failure to stop P&O exploiting EU law to sack staff [REACTION]Brexiteers fume at Brussels ‘sycophants’ after UK export hit [UPDATE] At ports in Dover, Liverpool and Hull, demonstrators gathered, shouting: "P&O shame on you." Last week, Mr Hebblethwaite appeared at a joint hearing of the transport and business committees. In answers described by parliamentarians as "farcical", the boss admitted the company had broken employment law by failing to give notice of the sackings. However, he said he would take the same action if is a similar situation again, claiming it was the only realistic option the firm had. P&O said it was losing £100million a year and would have been forced to cease operating without the changes. Mr Hebblethwaite, who has a basic salary of £325,000, also refused to say if he would accept a performance-related bonus this year. Asked if he would accept a bonus by MPs, he said: "I can't tell you how far that is from my thoughts. "I don't know the answer to that. I've got to be honest I'm not focused on that, I'm focused on saving the business and getting the 800 seafarers new jobs."