The huge eight-engined bombers, pictured at RAF Fairford in Gloucestershire on Sunday, are subsonic, jet-powered strategic warplanes. They're part of "Bomber Task Force Europe," a project which helps both US and UK forces enjoy continuous growth and development as part of NATO. In a statement issued today, the US Air Force said: "B-52 Stratofortress aircraft from the 5th Bomb Wing, Minot AFB, North Dakota conducted a series of integration flights connecting with Romania, Greece, and Italy, March 7, 2022. "The B-52 aircraft took off from RAF Fairford and flew over central Europe to meet up with Romanian Joint Terminal Attack Controllers, this integration provided crucial Close Air Support training. "Before returning to base the B-52 aircraft integrated with Italian and Greek aircraft. The purpose of these integrations was to practice bilateral operations and bomber aircraft intercept procedures. "Given the inherent speed, flexibility, and range of strategic bombers, Bomber Task Force missions highlight U.S. capabilities and commitment to work closely with our Allies and partners."  The B-52s have also caused a stir with avid aviation watchers in the UK, Gloucestershire Live reports. One similar jet - an F-15 - flew at an altitude of 5,000 feet today and was spotted by plane watchers across the southwest of England and Wales. The two F-15s flew across the UK skies today, after leaving RAF Lakenheath, which is in Suffolk.   But elsewhere deadly ultra futuristic fighter jets "that will make Putin sweat" landed at a separate RAF base the UK on Thursday. The supersonic F-35B Lightning planes, seen arriving one after the other at RAF Marham in Norfolk today, can carry 22,000lbs of firepower including eight Paveway laser-guided bombs and are also equipped with a terrifying "beast mode". They've arrived from Texas, US, as international military tensions skyrocket. With a top speed of 1,200mph and capable of flying at 50,000ft the jets; infrared homing missiles are designed to outrun other airborne bombs. The bombers are the first to evade radar stealth technology with supersonic speeds with a wing span of 35ft and needing just a 450ft runway to take-off. The huge war machines "will leave [Vladimir] Putin or any enemy in a sweat," one witness told The Sun. The planes can also take off and land vertically and will be jointly manned by the Royal Air Force and the Royal Navy, operating from land and sea. It's understood three more of the stealth jets will arrive this year, and seven more in 2023, with an expectation that all of the 48 in the first batch will be delivered by the end of 2025. And four huge US bomber planes were pictured poised for action at another RAF base in the UK today. The American B-52 long-range bombers, pictured at RAF Fairford in Gloucestershire on Sunday, are subsonic, jet-powered strategic warplanes. At least two of the B-52H Stratofortress bombers since flew over Romania on Monday, according to Flight Radar tracking website. But other US fighter jets had to make an emergency landing yesterday after taking off from RAF Lakenheath, in Suffolk. They experienced a "hydraulic issue" and had to land in Norfolk.    It comes as the Russian president lied and said Russia is not bombing Ukrainian cities despite US estimates suggesting at least 500 missiles have been fired by Moscow. And today, a former army general warned Putin, 69,  is "hell-bent on escalation" and urged NATO to act urgently. Sir Chris Deverell said conflict with NATO is inevitable, adding that whatever Putin does to the alliance, "we can do to them". In a statement on Twitter, he said: "So the question is becoming: does NATO fight him now or fight him later? He will likely respond with nuclear threats. But there is no fundamental reason why these are more useful to Putin than they are to NATO. "Our logic has to be that his threats are meaningless. Whatever he can do to us, we can do to him."   