Cristiano Ronaldo has decided to stay at Manchester United beyond this summer, according to reports in Spain. United's nightmare campaign has left the 37-year-old's future in doubt, but he intends to honour the remainder of his two-year contract at Old Trafford. According to AS, Ronaldo will fulfil the remaining 12 months of the two-year deal he signed upon his sensational return last summer. There have been concerns over his transfer stance amid a disappointing season and uncertainty about the club's next manager. However, his doubts may have been privately answered, as the report claims Ronaldo is now confident United have made the right choice of 'the next coach'. It also states he believes Ralf Rangnick's successor will receive reinforcements to help challenge for the 2022/23 Premier League and Champions League. Ronaldo is thought to have close ties with Manuel Sainz, the article's author, which suggests the chances of him remaining in M16 next term have skyrocketed. And the information Sainz has provided suggests the Portuguese icon could know who will be entering the hot seat in July. JUST IN: Arsenal icon Ian Wright's message for Mikel Arteta's squad  On Thursday morning, the Manchester Evening News reported United currently preferred Ajax boss Erik ten Hag as their next managerial appointment. Later in the day, the Telegraph claimed Paul Pogba would let his contract expire in June before deciding his next move. With the Ronaldo developments, there could have been clarification given to the dressing room about United's plans for next season. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner would only stay if he were confident in where the club is heading, especially with no Champions League football on offer. READ MORE: Marcus Rashford's 'phone hasn't stopped ringing' as two giants race  On the other hand, one name who almost certainly won't be in the Old Trafford dugout next season is Rangnick. The German is expected to enter a consultancy role after his spell as interim manager, but Ronaldo has had frustrations over his credentials to lead the United squad. And the AS report claims Tuesday's Champions League exit to Atletico Madrid sparked regret among some figures at the club over his appointment. So much so that the Red Devils could consider dismissing Rangnick at the end of the season. United are blatantly in need of one of Europe's top coaches to challenge the likes of Pep Guardiola and Jurgen Klopp. However, snubbing Rangnick's advice in a role in which he's thrived in recent years wouldn't go down well among the fanbase. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.