Barcelona are preparing a deal for Bayern Munich star Robert Lewandowski, according to reports. The La Liga club have apparently conceded defeat in their pursuit of Erling Haaland and are looking at other targets. Barca are trying to kickstart Xavi Hernandez’s managerial reign and are expecting to attract top players to the Nou Camp in the summer despite their financial issues. A strict salary cap imposed by the Spanish authorities meant they could not tie Lionel Messi down to a new contract last year. The Spanish giants then suffered a disappointing start to the campaign under Ronaldo Koeman, who was swiftly replaced by former midfielder Xavi. And they appear set to back the ex-Spain international with new signings. One of them could be Bayern’s perennial goalscorer Lewandowski, for whom Sport claim Barca are preparing a four-year offer. Lewandowski, who has already scored a remarkable 45 goals this season, has frequently suggested he would be open to leaving the Bundesliga side. Express Sport looks at what shirt numbers Lewandowski could have if he joins Barca. JUST IN: Man Utd outcast Martial's future in limbo as Sevilla 'eye hotshot' Barca’s No 9 shirt is currently unavailable but that could change this season. It is occupied by Memphis Depay, but the winger could take another digit.   Ousmane Dembele’s possible departure would vacate the No 7 shirt. Dembele is out of contract at the end of the season and is stalling on a new deal. Depay has previously worn No 7 at PSV and Manchester United. Switching jerseys would allow Lewandowski to wear his preferred No 9.   DON'T MISS...Jermain Defoe retires: Star explains decision to hang up his bootsTen Hag’s camp respond to Manchester United interview and how it wentLiverpool consider transfer swoop for 'next Sadio Mane' with £83m tag The club’s slightly enlarged squad means there could be a lack of choice when Lewandowski goes to choose a number. All digits up to 25 are occupied. However, defender Samuel Umtiti has been linked with a departure. The Frenchman has appeared just once this season and will want to leave to kickstart a career that has stagnated. Barca’s former 23s include Bolo Zenden and Thiago Motta and Thomas Vermaelen. The highest squad number currently vacant is 26. Lewandowski would surely want a shirt with more tradition attached. But should he take the number, Lewandowski could create his own legacy. At just 33 and with a reported four-year deal on offer, he has plenty of time to become an iconic figure at the club. Other possible numbers include: 26, 27, 28, 29, 32, 34, 35 and above.