Bathrooms are one of the wettest areas of the homes so buying an extractor fan can really help reduce humidity and keep bathrooms clean. It’s especially important during the colder months as hotter showers create more moisture, which can lead to long-term paint damage on walls. Whether you’ve got an outside window in your bathroom or not, having an extractor fan is a necessity for getting rid of odours, growing fungus and unpleasant smells. There are plenty out there so here is some information you need to keep in mind when buying an extractor fan. READ MORE: 9 best electric heaters to buy to keep warm for indoors and outdoors 2022 The top 10 best-selling cleaning tools on Amazon for a big spring clean 12 best fans to keep you cool all through summer There are three types of extractor fans to keep in mind. Axial fans are the most common and can be installed through an external wall and pull 21 litres of air per second, which is what is best for most homes. Centrifugal fans are also installed through a wall but generate more pressure and are ideal for bathrooms with no windows. Incline fans are installed inside the rim of a ducting so it’s out of sight and has a greater extraction rate. It’s not necessary but if you want to isolate the fan, add an isolation switch. Most fans come with a light and continue running when the lights are switched off, so installing an isolation switch could help switch off both feeds, making it safer to use. And there is also a selection of the best bathroom extractor fans for every bathroom in 2022. Specifications: Flow rate: 21 l/s | Power: 8W | Noise: 27dB | Dimensions: 158 x 158 x 125mm (H, W, D) | 850g The STERR bathroom extractor fan has a coloured LED light that adds mood lighting to any bathroom and its modern design makes it an elegant pick. Quiet and simple to install, it’s great if you want to add an extractor fan that’s got a stylish design to your shower. Buy it on Amazon (£49.60) Specifications: Flow rate: 25 l/s | Noise: 25dB | Power: 7.5W | Dimensions: 13 x 19 x 19cm (L, W, H) | 800g A great all-round fan that’s ideal for both bathrooms and kitchens, the Bauberg Calm Design Humidistat has a strong generator that extracts airflow from all types of showers. It’s also got an anti-vibration mount and a run-on timer so it will only activate when needed. Buy it on Amazon (£48.67) Specifications: Flow rate: 22 l/s | Noise: 34.5dB | Power: 6.8W | Dimensions: 100 x 159 x 159mm (L, W, H) Versatile with two motor speeds at installation, customers can also choose an option to have constant trickle speed so there’s always airflow with the Vent-Axia Solo Plus centrifugal fan. Handy with a pull cord, light switch and humidity sensor, it also starts five minutes after the light is switched on so that it can clear the humidity after a shower has been taken. Buy it on B&Q (£62) Specifications: Flow rate: 15 - 21 l/s | Noise: 16dB | Dimensions: 21 x 14.5 x 21cm (L, W, H) | 80g Ideal for those that forget to switch the extractor fan on, the Xpleair Simply Silent Contour Extractor fan has a built-in humidity sensor that will immediately switch on the fan when there’s 65 percent more moisture in the air. The quiet speed is great for bathrooms with windows, while the louder speed is ideal for smaller bathrooms. Buy it on Amazon (£59.99) Specifications: Flow rate: 24 l/s | Noise: 32dB | Dimensions: 100mm If you’re looking for a budget option, the Airvent extractor fan is one of the best value fans and can be installed on walls, windows and ceilings. Easy to fit and quiet, it has all the basic functions to demystify the bathroom. Buy it on Toolstation (£11.98) Specifications: Flow rate: 32 l/s | Dimensions: 22.5 x 4.3cm (H, W) The John Lewis & partners Airflow iCON extractor fan is SFP complacent and conforms to the IOX4 rating, making it resistant to water from all directions. With a stylish design, it’s silent and a great eco-friendly choice to add. Buy it on John Lewis (£199) Specifications: Flow rate: 21 l/s | Power: 7.7W | Noise: 16dB | Dimensions: 18 x 13.7 x 18cm (H, W, D) | 82g For a super quiet fan that doesn’t interrupt your household or routine, pick the Xpleair fan which is designed to extract air silently. Simply twist and lock the fan on a wall, panel or ceiling and pick between two motor speed settings depending on the size of your bathroom. Buy it on Amazon (£37.99 on sale) Extractor fan prices vary but generally most will be under £50. You can find a variety of mid range fans from £30 - £50 and there are budget choices under £20. Yes you can replace an extractor fab by yourself as long as you understand how to disassemble it and have the correct tools. Make sure to check that the dimensions of your new fan line up with the existing holes and if not, it never hurts to ask someone to help you. Extractor fans are best located wherever is nearest the source of moisture in the air, so close to the shower or a bath as opposed to directly above, as this placement keeps the shower warm.