A haulier strike in Spain could cause issues for the Costa del Sol tourism industry. A leading worker said it could cause “serious” problems. Javier Hernández, Aehcos hoteliers association on the Costa del Sol, said: “It’s an issue which is worrying us a great deal.” There could be shortages of fruit, vegetables and eggs in the popular Spanish tourist destination. Hernández said: “If things go on as they are at the moment, we will have serious supply problems of basic food items which are perishable and can’t be kept for long. “We are hoping for a fast solution to this problem because it is something that concerns us more as each day passes.” READ MORE: The bizarre royal travel rule William and Kate always break The transport workers’ strike is due to the increased price of fuel and could cause shortages across Spain. Supermarkets on the Canary Islands also fear shortages. The islands received 70 percent less cargo than normal last week. Currently, around 80 percent of items consumed on the islands are transported from mainland Spain. Representatives from the food distribution sector claimed: “The Government hasn’t done anything, they don’t seem to be aware of the scale of the situation, and the fact that the problem is growing. “They are hiding behind the fact that it is a Madrid issue, and they believe that since there is no strike here, nothing is wrong.” However, the general secretary of the Association of Supermarkets in the Canary Islands said there was “no shortage” on the islands although he acknowledged that less cargo was arriving. The Spanish dairy industry is likely to be heavily impacted if the strike continues as produce may have to be thrown away if it can’t be delivered. Spain’s Government said it would do everything possible to reduce fuel prices and mobilised over 16,000 members of the Guardia Civil to prevent violent behaviour at the pickets. Spain is one of the UK’s top tourist destinations and many Britons travel to the Costa del Sol and Canary Islands. Popular Costa del Sol destinations include Marbella, Fuengirola, Torremolinos and Benalmadena. Many of those in the tourism industry are keen to welcome British tourists back to the resorts after the pandemic. British adults will need to be fully vaccinated to travel to Spain unless they have a recent recovery certificate. British teenagers aged between 12-17 can travel to Spain if they have a negative PCR test from within the last 72 hours. British tourists will no longer have to take any tests or fill out a passenger locator form after arriving back in the UK. Transport secretary, Grant Shapps, tweeted: “These changes are possible due to our vaccine rollout and mean greater freedom in time for Easter.” Many travel experts have welcomed the move which will make it cheaper and easier for Britons to go on holiday.