Outlander has been missing from our screens for two years with fans labelling it as "droughtlander". The Starz period drama is now back with some new faces being welcomed to Fraser's Ridge. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about those joining Outlander in the first episode of its sixth outing. When Outlander returns, Tom Christie will have moved to Fraser's Ridge with his son and niece. Speaking in a behind-the-scenes video posted on social media, Jamie Fraser actor Sam Heughan described Tom as one of Jamie's "ancient foes". Tom joined the Stuarts during the Jacobite Rising in 1745 and was imprisoned alongside Jamie in Ardsumuir Prison which is how they met. "He comes to Fraser's Ridge and tries to take a bit of power actually", Heughan described. READ MORE: ‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life Tom in season six will be portrayed by popular Welsh actor Mark Lewis Jones. He has been in a plethora of shows and films during his career which spans almost four decades. Some of his work has included Paper Mask, This Life, The Infinite Worlds of H.G. Wells, The Bench, Troy, 55 Degrees North, The Last Jedi, The Crown, Stella and The Accident. One of his most recent roles was as Steve Baldini for four years in BBC's Keeping Faith. Malva is the reserved niece of Tom Christie who quickly becomes a member of the community. She will form a bond with Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) but there will be a few bumps along the way which will cause issues for both of them. Unlike Jones, actress Jessica Reynolds is a newbie with only a couple of credits to her name prior to Outlander. Reynolds was Rachael in comedy-drama My Left Nut in 2020 and the titular character in the film The Ballad of Audrey Earnshaw. DON'T MISS...Former NATO commander issues warning over WW3 [EXPLAINER]Outlander: Bree star Sophie Skelton shares embarrassing nickname [CAST]Outlander's Caitriona Balfe gave opinion on Claire and Jamie sex scene [REACTION] Malva Christie - Jessica Reynolds  Portraying the son of Tom and Malva's cousin Allan Christie is Alexander Vlahos. He will have some dark secrets revealed but how are they going to affect his family as well as the rest of his new community? Vlahos was Philippe, Duke of Orléans, in the Canal+ television series Versailles. In 2012, he also took over the role of Mordred from Sex Education star Asa Butterfield in the BBC One drama Merlin. The series six premiere will be called Echoes but little else has been released on what it will be about. Episode one is going to be a feature-length instalment though with a running time of 90 minutes. Outlander author Diana Gabaldon, who has already been treated to the entire new series, has said the first episode is "absolutely spectacular". Outlander season six premieres tonight, Sunday, March 6, on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.