Meghan Markle is being sued for defamation by her half-sister who alleged she presented a “false” narrative during her tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey which aired in March last year. Samantha Markle, 57, claims the Duchess of Sussex launched a “pre-meditated campaign to destroy” her reputation. She has since launched a defamation case against her younger half-sister aiming to sue her for $75,000 (£57,000) and demands that she pay her legal fees. In court documents, she cites the Duchess’ US TV appearances on Oprah and Ellen as occasions where she “falsely claimed… she essentially raised herself from virtual poverty”, which Meghan's lawyers have said the claims are baseless. Samantha also referenced the authors of Finding Freedom, a best-selling biography about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, claiming the book caused "damage" to her reputation. The lawsuit has since been addressed by Loose Women panellist and columnist Jane Moore who claimed "there's just one winner". READ MORE: EastEnders star Danny Dyer's horror after stealing £109 of petrol The ITV star explained that the Duchess addressing her family on a "world stage" has effectively posed a "problem". Writing in her latest column for The Sun, Jane wrote: "The Duchess of Sussex is being sued by half-sister Samantha Markle over claims she made about their relationship to Oprah Winfrey. "And therein lies the problem with giving interviews on the world stage." She added: "You can give 'my truth' to the masses and they can’t really contest it unless it’s provably false."  The Loose Women host claimed it is hard to tell your truth when siblings have different recollections. "But when it comes to families who have known you since birth, they have 'their truth' and if it doesn’t concur with 'your truth' then it can end up in an expensive court case to thrash out what’s 'the truth.'" She concluded: "As ever, there’s just one winner: Lawyers." Following the news of Samantha's lawsuit, Meghan's attorney Michael Kump said: “This baseless and absurd lawsuit is just a continuation of a pattern of disturbing behaviour. DON'T MISS... Susanna Reid reacts to Ranvir Singh's replacement on GMB [LATEST]Vernon Kay's savage quip after replacing co-star on Comic Relief[TV]Demi Moore, 59, leaves fans taken aback with ageless pics[PICTURES]  "We will give it the minimum attention necessary, which is all it deserves.” Samantha has been outspoken about her sister since the former Suits star went public about her relationship with Prince Harry in 2016. At the start of the couple's new relationship, Samantha spoke with The Sun in an exclusive interview, which was titled: "PRINCESS PUSHY Prince Harry’s new flame Meghan Markle is ‘a social climber’ who ‘is not fit to be royal’ – according to her own SISTER." It comes after Meghan's dad, Thomas Markle, announced that he will be starting his own YouTube channel to discuss current affairs. In his debut episode, Mr Markle pledged to support Samantha in the lawsuit, saying he would be "thrilled" to defend his oldest daughter. Addressing Meghan, he said: "I’ve been trying for almost four years to get to see my daughter and her ginger husband in a courtroom face-to-face. "I’d be thrilled to defend my oldest daughter.” Meghan's estrangement from her half-sister has been long documented and she told Oprah that she had not seen Samantha in “at least 18, 19 years”.