Anyone who mothers a child, usually though not always has a menstrual cycle, and who, at different stages of life, goes through puberty and the menopause. But it seems that Sir Keir Starmer, Angela Rayner, assorted Harry Potter stars, the NHS and others too numerous to mention haven't quite grasped that one. As a result, Labour is haemorrhaging support among women. Good. We have now reached a stage where Sir Keir Starmer does not reply when asked if a woman can possess a penis (here's the answer Keir: no.) Angela Rayner has said it's not acceptable to ask trans people if they have a male appendage. She also backs the NHS asking men if they are pregnant. Mothers have become "birthing people". Breastfeeding is chest feeding. The list goes on. The swimmer Lia Thomas, who now competes as a woman, stands 6ft 1in tall and apparently still has male genitalia, thereby making a complete nonsense of women's sport. Elsewhere Emily Bridges was initially given permission - until common sense prevailed - to compete in a woman's bicycle race this weekend, despite being born a man. It has recently emerged that one woman was raped in a hospital ward and then told she couldn't have been attacked because there were no men on the ward, although there was a trans woman, clearly preoperative. After an outcry the police were forced to back down. Meanwhile men who identify as women are being allowed into female changing rooms, operating as rape councillors to women too traumatised to speak to a man, allowed into female prisons where more attacks have taken place and viciously bullying the likes of the courageous JK Rowling who has pointed out that all of this is putting women at massive risk. Is it just a coincidence that as women have come to have more personal power than at any time in history, a huge backlash has begun to undermine women's rights? A fusty old misogynist who believes women should stay at home and tend to the family and leave men to run the country might not, at first glance, appear to have much in common with some elements of the trans rights brigade who are eroding almost every breakthrough women have made in the last 150 years, but what they are doing amounts to exactly the same thing. They are undermining women, destroying their (our) rights and denying the most basic common sense. Unfortunately, women DO need to be protected from some men. And among those men are those who will opportunistically grab any chance to attack a woman, including saying he identifies as one himself. AFTER a lifetime of quite unprecedented service to her country, the Queen can be allowed to wish that her second son Andrew escort her at Prince Philip's memorial service. Andrew himself, of course, should have had the wit to do no such thing and take a back seat. As matters stand it looks as if he took advantage of his mother's age and increasingly frailty to oafishly muscle his way in where he wasn't wanted. No surprise there, then. ---------- THE CHAIR of the BBC, Richard Sharp, says the public may "overstate" their appetite for impartial news, yet again revealing a total misunderstanding of how profound public anger at BBC bias has become. Another nail in the coffin on Auntie, not that anyone much cares anymore. ---------- FIRST they came for the ploughman's lunch… Yup, folks: the ploughman's lunch has been cancelled, with the Tors pub in Belstone, Devon, renaming it the "ploughperson's lunch". Just wait until they latch on to the spotted you-know-what. ---------- APPARENTLY "Easter grazing boards" are the latest foodie trend, complete with chocolate galore, hot cross buns, brownies, popcorn, fudge, honeycombs, ice cream and Heaven knows what else. So much for the sacrificial nature of the spirit of Easter. Is it any surprise that half the country is now the size of a small house? ---------- SHANE Warne's family have the right idea: they wanted his state memorial service to be the "greatest party ever", with his eldest son spotted carrying boxes of vodka mixers. Quite right too: lives should be celebrated as well as mourned. When my time comes I hope people will say goodbye with lashings of pink champagne. ---------- JK ROWLING, mentioned elsewhere on this page, is going from strength to strength. And doesn't she look stunning in her latest frock? Why can't she go into politics; she'd knock some sense into the place. Mind you, she must surely be taking some Potter-esque magical potion. She looks younger every year! ---------- OJ SIMPSON has defended Will Smith's behaviour in slapping Chris Rock at the Oscars. One suspects that support is not entirely welcome. With friends like these. ---------- AND SO it turns out that Handforth Parish Council's Jackie Weaver really did have no authority to mute and virtually eject councillors from an online meeting, according to a new report. What nonsense. It was women like her who helped to build an empire. Step back in line!