Monday's episode of the BBC soap saw Rainie (played by Tanya Franks) desperately trying to get in touch with Bernie (Clair Norris) to get an update on her pregnancy. The youngster agreed to be Rainie and Stuart's surrogate but hasn't been in the Square for months. Meanwhile, EastEnders' new mum Chelsea (Zaraah Abrahams) was making plans to find Jordan a loving adoptive home. Traumatised by what Gray Atkins (Toby-Alexander Smith) put her through, an Express.co.uk theory explores why she might do this before leaving Walford for good. Rainie was heartbroken when Bernie decided to leave Walford for the rest of her pregnancy. She and Stuart Highway (Ricky Champ) have been desperate for a baby and Bernie was their only hope. However, Bernie's due date has passed and Rainie has still heard nothing. On Monday's episode, she became convinced Bernie might decide to run off with the newborn without telling her. At the same time, Chelsea met with someone from an organisation to find out about getting baby Jordan adopted. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales Rainie confronted Bernie's mother, Karen Taylor (Lorraine Stanley) to try to find out what was going on. "Bernie's passed her due date and I ain't heard a thing from her," she stated. As Karen told her not to worry, Rainie asked: "When was the last time you heard anything from her?" "Not since last week," Karen replied, but Rainie became more concerned. "I just want to hear that everything's still okay," she commented. "Well she'll call when she's got news," Karen argued, dismissing Rainie. Rainie accused the two of scheming against her, stating: "Do you know what I think? I think she's had the kid, she can't give it up and that you're in on it - I can tell." Later, Chelsea was speaking to someone about Jordan's adoption. When her mother Denise Fox (Diane Parish) spotted her, she approached the table Chelsea was sitting at and saw an adoption leaflet. "What is this?" she asked furiously as Chelsea snatched it away from her. DON'T MISS... Liam Payne baffles GMB viewers with odd accent [REACTION]Bargain Hunt expert David Harper details phrase buyers shouldn't trust [INTERVIEW]EastEnders theory: Agony as Bernie flees with baby [THEORY] "I wanted to tell you in my own time," Chelsea replied. She added: "Mum, I know what is right for my son. That lady, she's going to find him a family that he can grow up happy with." Official spoilers have confirmed Bernie does in fact return to have the baby, but after learning about Stuart's refusal to go through with cancer treatment, she questions giving the couple her newborn. If she does decide not to, could Chelsea be moved by the couple's heartbreak and make a decision about Jordan? Chelsea's main priority is to find Jordan a family that will love him, and because she knows the Highways and can see how much they want a child of their own, she might decide they are the best people to raise her son. However, she's unlikely to want to remain living close to him once he's been adopted, so could she decide to leave Walford? It was indicated in the episode that Denise isn't likely to come round to the idea, so Chelsea may also leave to escape her family. If Bernie does change her mind, Stuart and Rainie would likely be more than willing to take care of baby Jordan. The pair have been unsuccessful in falling pregnant and Rainie eventually convinced Bernie to carry a baby for them. Her desperation for the baby overwhelmed Bernie, who decided it was best to move away until the baby was born. Having spent so much time away though, she may have grown to the idea of keeping the child herself. Once she starts questioning giving the baby away after she hears about Stuart, she could decide the money isn't worth it. Could the episode be pointing towards the twist of Chelsea giving her baby to the Highways? EastEnders continues on Tuesday at 7.30pm on BBC One.