The new changes will see online shopping cards declined if the owner of the card cannot prove their identity. Retailers will also be making additional checks before allowing people to purchase items or withdraw money from their credit or debit cards. The new process includes customers being sent a code by their bank, usually to their phone, which they will need to enter at checkout in order to pay online. Customers may also be asked to approve payments by logging into the bank’s mobile app. If customers cannot confirm their identity through these checks the card payment may be declined. However, customers that make regular payments with their cards, such as for Netflix, will not need to enter a code each time a payment is made for these subscription items. READ MORE: Sunak unleashes inheritance tax and capital gains tax blitz in April - do this NOW As first direct initially told customers in January: “As we get closer to the regulatory date, the number of times you’ll notice you’re asked to verify it’s you making the payment will increase. “If the retailer isn’t ready for the new process, there could be times when your card might be declined.” Express.co.uk readers have voiced their frustration at the new measures, "Another voter" commented: "Absolute nightmare, trying to pay for online grocery order, accepted card yesterday, today won't validate, two hours onto barclaycard then cut off.... "Ridiculous, whilst I welcome better security, you would think it would be tested before rollout..." Melly666 wrote: "So people like my 90 year old mum won’t be able to buy anything with her card as has no mobile as gets confused. Also surely it will cause more fraud as it says fraudsters can sent fraudulent text."(sic) Heidi 611 added: "This is outrageous my bank has be trying to force me for a very long time to go phone backing and now they think I will have to now no way will I do that, I don't trust it and never will. I will pay cash."(sic) Jascat shared: "Tough luck if you do not have a smartphone. Many old folk do not have any mobile phone." Another person, known as "Where are we going ?" replied: "I am one that has been forced. Hate the dam thing. Certainly will not be having a banking app or any other app to make payment.. "Cash is looking good as are small retailers."(sic) Some people supported the move, however. CliveLondon penned: "This is a good measure to compact fraud. "Some firms have been way too relaxed about security. Got instant, they are supposed to verify the billing address but many obviously do not." Mastercard has estimated that roughly one in four payments will involve these extra measures although some transactions will be exempt if they are deemed low risk. These changes have been enabled under the new Financial Conduct Authority fraud-prevention rules, also known as Strong Customer Authentication. These measures were supposed to be put in place over two years ago but the deadline was extended by 18 months and then again due to the pandemic. Ultimately, the new measures are hoped to curb fraudsters from taking advantage of Britons. The rules now also apply to transactions made through PayPal and buy-now-pay-later firms such as Klarna.