The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been criticised during their Caribbean tour after Jamaica confirmed it was making plans to step away from the Commonwealth. Prince William has also come under fire for his speech in which he expressed "profound sorrow" for slavery but didn't apologise for the Royal Family's role in the slave trade. Discussing the subject on This Morning, royal expert Camilla Tominey said more countries would follow Jamaica's lead once "polarising" Charles takes the throne. Speaking to Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield, Camilla stated: "The truth of the matter is because of the Queen's performance on the throne and her support of commonwealth countries, she remains sacrosanct." The journalist continued: "Are there going to be more countries flirting with republicanism when we have King Charles III on the throne? "Well yes maybe, because he's a more polarising figure than his mother. "He hasn't got that 70-year longevity and sense of service to the crown. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role "And maybe then, particularly now that we're in 2022 and we've had the Black Lives Matter movement, and we've had far more thought, frankly, given to our colonial past, maybe some of these Commonwealth countries will fall away." She added: "They'll remain in the Commonwealth family and the royals will always support that. "But they may become republics and therefore not be the Commonwealth realms in which the monarchy's head of." While the Duke of Cambridge has been in Jamaica, protestors have called for him to apologise for the Royal Family's role in the slave trade. Addressing the country, he said in a statement: "I strongly agree with my father, the Prince of Wales, who said in Barbados last year 'the appalling atrocities they bring forever stains our history'. "I want to express my profound sorrow, slavery was abhorrent and it should never have happened." Many believed the speech did not go far enough and argued the royal should have apologised personally. Speaking to William and the Duchess of Cambridge prior to the speech, the Prime Minister of the country said: "Jamaica is a country that is very proud of what we have achieved. DON'T MISS... Awkward moment Rishi Sunak tries to end GMB interview [VIDEO]Prince William labelled 'deeply embarrassing' over slavery statement [LATEST]Louise Minchin took BBC bosses by 'surprise' with exit [INTERVIEW]  "We are moving on and we intend to attain, in short order, our development goals and fulfil our true ambitions and destiny as an independent, developed, prosperous country." He also added the country would be "moving on" from the commonwealth. Jamaican government officials deemed the interaction "deeply embarrassing" for the Prince as the desire to break away from the monarchy was expressed. ITV viewers soon gave their views on Camilla's strong claim. Twitter user @Jude84 wrote: "Camilla says we can have a referendum to get rid of the royals and I'm here for that!! Cannot idolise a man born into wealth and a woman who married into it! Not inspiring for me! "They want the good without the responsibility of history #ThisMorning." @Zabocathief penned: "Barbados did not constitutionally require a referendum to confirm republic status, therefore, not for us to comment on their process in achieving their sovereignty @CamillaTominey @thismorning." Candy commented: "If Jamaica wants to become republic. Let the people decide." (sic) This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.