State pension payments are vital to millions of people right across the country. As such, it is important to understand the sum and how it operates. Changes are on the horizon due to the start of a new tax year at the beginning of April. These could affect many people in different financial circumstances, so individuals may wish to check. Perhaps the first major change to make note of is the suspension of the triple lock mechanism. The Government says it was forced to drop out the average earnings component of the mechanism due to warped data this year. READ MORE: State pension warning as Britons face ‘deduction’ to retirement sum Consequently, it is implementing a double lock system based on the highest of inflation or 2.5 percent. This means the state pension will rise by 3.1 percent - inflation measured in September 2021. But many pensioners are frustrated by this notion, as an original eight percent rise was first predicted. However, a second point to make note of is that the new state pension will rise from next month. At present, the full rate of the new state pension is £179.60 per week, but this will increase to £185.15 per week. DON'T MISSPensioners could get up to £300 for heating bills [UPDATE]Barclays issues warning as woman, 50, loses £40,000 in vicious scam [WARNING]Britons shown how to manage spending for retirement [EXCLUSIVE] Individuals are eligible if they are a woman born on or after April 6, 1953 or a man born on or after April 6, 1951. To get any new state pension at all, Britons usually require 10 qualifying years of National Insurance contributions. To be in receipt of the full amount, however, 35 qualifying years are typically needed. Another change relates to the older state pension, known as the “basic” scheme. The full basic state pension will also rise from its current rate of £137.60 to £141.85. It is available to people who retired before April 6, 2016, the Government has outlined. Here, Britons will usually need a total of 30 qualifying years of National Insurance to unlock the full sum. In a similar sense, the fourth key change is to the Married Woman’s Pension - a type of basic state pension. In this case, women derive payments from their spouse or civil partner’s National Insurance contributions. The sum is worth 60 percent of the basic state pension rate, and is thus set to rise from £82.45 to £85. Another change relates to the state pension for those over the age of 80. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The Over 80 state pension is intended for those who receive a basic state pension of, currently, less than £82.45, or no state pension at all. Individuals in this situation can expect their state pension to be topped up to that amount to provide support. The rate is changing next month from £82.45 per week, to £85 per week. Finally, another key change to the state pension is the rise to the Additional state pension rate. The maximum amount people will be able to get is increasing from £180.31 to £185.90. The Additional state pension is an extra sum certain individuals can get on top of their basic state pension. There is no fixed amount, and what a person gets usually depends on how long they paid National Insurance for, their earnings, and whether they were contracted out.