Following heavy wind gusts and rain over the past four days, the UK is expected to undergo more extreme weather as the week draws to a close. This is likely to include bouts of thunder and hail. Bands of rain will push their eastwards across England, Wales, Northern Ireland and southern Scotland tomorrow, on Friday, according to the BBC Weather for the Week Ahead programme. Britons can also expect “quite heavy showers” and “possible thunder and lightning and hail” as the weekend sets in according to BBC Weather. This will come with some gusty winds. Parts of Scotland are set to see more than 5.5mm of rainfall on Friday evening and into Saturday morning, according to WXCharts. A slightly higher 5.6mm is expected on Saturday afternoon in Northern Ireland. Tomorrow evening in Cornwall, the figure will be pushing on 7mm. Jim Dale from the British Weather Services confirmed showers will be pouring down on the approach to the weekend. He told Express.co.uk: “Rain then showers on Friday and into the weekend. READ MORE: Solar storm warning as huge eruption from Sun to strike Earth He added that “some of it [will be] heavy in the west”. Next week is, however, set to be a little more calm on the weather front. The BBC reported bands of rain and cloud will start to fizzle out for Monday. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] The weather will be more dry as a result, though the broadcaster warned there is “some uncertainty” about this at the moment. Mr Dale said it will be “less mild” after the weekend. He told the paper the weather will be a “little more settled through much of next week”. He added, in caution: “Though never totally.” Mr Dale said: “We are stuck between bases right now.” There are currently no weather warnings from the Met Office either for the weekend or the week ahead.