Roman Abramovich has announced that he will be selling Chelsea, and there are rumours that it could be done fairly quickly as the Russian is threatened with sanctions. However, his advisor has spoken out about the deal. After 19 years as Chelsea owner, Roman Abramovich has announced that he will be selling the club following political pressure due to his links with Russian leader Vladimir Putin. There have reportedly already been offers put forward to Abramovich, who is under threat of being sanctioned by the UK government if time is allowed. Should a sanction occur, he would not be able to fund the club and the financial consequences could be dire for Chelsea, who have been so heavily reliant on Abramovich's riches since 2003. Therefore, a quick exit strategy for Abramovich and Chelsea is the obvious move forward, but an advisor at the club has suggested that this may not be the case.  JUST IN: Chelsea star Kante lifts lid on team reaction to impending sale Despite growing pressure to sell the club quickly, Abramovich will not rush the sale of Chelsea, according to Joe Ravitch who has been tasked by the Blues to help find a buyer. The co-founder of investment bank Raine Group LLC has said in an interview that Abramovich will be taking all the time necessary to not only sell the club for a fair price, but also find the best owner for Chelsea. The Russian clearly cares about the club as he waved the cool £1.5billion loan that Chelsea had tainted over the business, and according to Ravitch, he's willing to risk sanctions in order to find the best owner possible to take over. Ravitch told Reuters: "We are not going to rush anything. It is very important that Chelsea have the right owner to guide the club forward." MUST READChelsea's £635.7m fortune wasted on 19 players under AbramovichChelsea star Werner 'wants Tuchel assurance' amid showdown talksBroja may have shown Tuchel he can be a secret weapon  Although Abramovich has had his hand rather forced due to the ongoing crisis between Russia and Ukraine, the Chelsea owner set up a charitable foundation that will receive all net proceeds from the eventual sale, which will benefit victims from the war in Ukraine. Abramovich said: "The sale of the Club will not be fast-tracked but will follow due process. I will not be asking for any loans to be repaid. This has never been about business nor money for me, but about pure passion for the game and Club. "I would like to address the speculation in media over the past few days in relation to my ownership of Chelsea FC. As I have stated before, I have always taken decisions with the Club’s best interest at heart. "The foundation will be for the benefit of all victims of the war in Ukraine. This includes providing critical funds towards the urgent and immediate needs of victims, as well as supporting the long-term work of recovery.  "Please know that this has been an incredibly difficult decision to make, and it pains me to part with the Club in this manner. However, I do believe this is in the best interest of the club." Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss is the favourite to take over Chelsea, although he has rubbished reports that he has been offered the chance to buy the club at this stage. Wyss told Blick: "Abramovich is trying to sell all of his villas in England, he also wants to get rid of Chelsea quickly. "I and three other people received an offer on Tuesday to buy Chelsea from Abramovich. I have to wait four to five days now. Abramovich is currently asking far too much.  "As of today, we don't know the exact selling price. I can well imagine starting at Chelsea with partners. But I have to examine the general conditions first." It's a time of uncertainty at Chelsea, with fans starting to worry about what the future will look like without Abramovich at the helm. 