Married At First Sight star Domenica Calarco was speaking with Australian presenters Rebecca Morse, Andrew 'Cosi' Costello and Anthony 'Lehmo' Lehmann during their SAFM breakfast show. While the interview was seemingly going well for the Sydney makeup artist, one question prompted quite a response from the reality star. Worried that she may have said too much, Domenica lamented she didn’t have “enough media training" to keep a major spoiler about her romance with Jack under wraps. During her morning chat on the morning show, Andrew asked: “How’s Jack getting on with your family, all good?” Domenica responded: “Ahhh, [like] just one big Italian family. “Like today we’re doing [a] sauce day, I’m here at my parents’ house and we’re making the sauce. “We’ve got 15 boxes of Roma tomatoes, if anyone wants to come round and help, that would be great,” she told listeners. READ MORE:Ex-US VP Quayle warns of dire consequences 'We're on brink of WW3!' “But yeah, we’re getting along like a house on fire. “On the weekend it was my birthday, we all had a huge party with my family." Not holding back, the 28-year-old let slip: “Jack was there, it was great.” Andrew chuckled: “So, that sort of alludes you are still together, I'm sure a producer somewhere is beside themselves.”  The Aussie presenters then broke out into fits of laughter at the reality star, when Andrew wrapped up with: “We wish you the best of luck anyway.” The telling interview came after Jack had revealed he was once a promising winter athlete. Impressively, Jack had taken part in the freestyle ski cross at Innsbruck, Austria, in 2012, finishing in 13th place. Having once been branded the “Italian power couple”, fans saw the pair tie the knot on the show’s latest season.   Most recently, viewers get to see a more romantic side of Dom after she surprised Jack with a gesture that brought him to tears. Speaking to New Idea about the occasion, Jack gushed: “I was so overwhelmed with joy and gratitude, and might have shed a little happy tear.” Despite their picture-perfect relationship, Domenica did confess it hadn’t always been easy for the couple. She revealed: “The first few weeks were really intense … [but] I really do believe that by pushing us out of our comfort zones.  “We were able to come out of it stronger! No pressure, no diamonds!” the TV star added. Expressing his love towards Domenica, Jack, 26, said it was the love for her family that he admired the most. He said: “Dom is such a caring person. I can see her giving up everything for her children. “So I guess you could say, yes, we would make pretty good parents!” The ninth series of Married At First Sight: Australia begins on E4 on Monday 21 February