Kate will have surely rejoiced on Tuesday as the only daughter of her sister Pippa turned one. The Duchess of Cambridge hasn't publicly acknowledged the first birthday of baby Grace Elizabeth Jane Matthews but it is likely she has planned celebrations for her niece's big milestone. Pippa and Kate are known to be incredibly close. The Middletons rarely speak to the press about their family and in particular the Duchess of Cambridge. However, in 2014 Pippa did let slip she is always present for her sister whenever needed. Speaking to Today at the time, the writer and columnist said: "We are very close. Follow live updates on the Royal Family here "And, you know, we support each other and get each other's opinion and things." Pippa welcomed her daughter on March 15 last year. One of Grace's middle names is believed to be a nod to both Pippa's mother Carole and Kate, whose second name is Elizabeth. Jane, on the other hand, is the name of Pippa's mother-in-law - James Matthews' mother. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's 'bravery & boldness' makes her most influential royal Pippa and James also have a baby boy, Arthur Michael William, who was born on October 15 2018. The boy was delivered at Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital - where the three children of Kate and Prince William were also born. The Duchess is known to love children and recently revealed she gets "very broody" whenever she works with young babies. Kate made this confession on her first day in Copenhagen, where she travelled in February to learn more about the world-leading approach Denmark has to early childhood. During a visit to the Children's Museum in the Danish capital, Kate joked with the mothers of two baby boys saying her work with young children is a source of concern for the Duke. She said: "It makes me very broody. "William always worries about me meeting under one-year-olds. "I come home saying, 'Let's have another one.' This wasn't the first time Kate signalled she may be happy to welcome a fourth little Cambridge. During a joint visit of the Cambridges to Lancashire, Kate was spotted cooing at a baby girl named Anastasia after her mum let her hold her. William joked: "Don't give my wife any more ideas!" As Kate handed back Anastasia to her parents, William quipped: "Don't take her with you!" Three years ago, as she was visiting Northern Ireland, Kate admitted she was feeling "broody" as she met an adorable five-month-old baby. The father of the tot joked asking her: "Baby number four?" To which the Duchess replied laughing: "I think William would be a little worried."