But nearly half can’t bear the idea of giving up meat to be environmentally friendly, while 27 percent are confused about how best to be green. And 55 percent cite cost as a top barrier to making more sustainable choices. Others are too busy (20 percent), like to buy new things (21 percent), or think they are hampered by where they live (10 percent). Those aged 18-24 are least likely to adopt a sustainable lifestyle due to their busy work life, and are the most confused over what they should and shouldn’t do to lead a more eco-friendly life. It also emerged one in five adults feel it’s been harder to do things to help the environment over the last 12 months. A spokesman for car firm Hyundai, which commissioned the research to launch its Drive the Change Tour, said: “Many seem to be struggling when it comes to making greener changes, but younger people seem to find it harder than most. “It’s important to recognise every age group will have its own challenges, based on the different things people have going on at different stages of their lives.” The study also found those aged 55 to 64 are least likely to feel they currently do everything they can to help the environment. While seven in ten 18- to 24-year-olds believe the last year has helped them understand more about what they can do to help the planet. It also emerged nearly a fifth (19 percent) of those who try to be green at least some of the time have told someone off because they were doing something bad for the environment. Partners are most likely to bear the brunt (47 percent), followed by children (43 percent) and friends (39 percent). But three-quarters of adults who think they could do more for the environment feel they need to protect the planet because it’s the only one we’ve got, while 64 percent want to protect wildlife. And over half (53 percent) of those polled, via OnePoll, want to live a greener lifestyle so the planet is in a better state for their children. Hyundai’s spokesman added: “There are a number of changes, both big and small, people can make to do their bit. “What works for one, may not work for another – but we can all consider individual changes that collectively make a difference.” THE TOP 10 BARRIERS TO BEING MORE ECO-FRIENDLY: