Manpreet Sharma actress Rebecca Sarker, 47, has spoken out about the much-anticipated exit of evil Meena Jutla, played by Paige Sandhu, 25. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Rebecca confessed that she found saying goodbye to her on-screen sister “very surreal”. The actress explained: “It feels very surreal, it has been so intense. “We messaged each other the other day and we know it’s coming soon. “It’s a bit strange, to say the least, to think that I’m not going to be with her. “I can’t really imagine her not being part of Manpreet’s storyline and vice versa. READ MORE:Martin Roberts breaks down in tears after Costco purchase rejected “But you’ve got to be sensible about it, there was life before Meena and there will be life afterwards, I think,” she laughed. Meena arrived in the Dales back in September 2020 with intentions of reconciling with her estranged sister, Manpreet. As the story progressed, Meena has turned into one of the soap’s wickedest villains after her killing sprees saw her murder four characters and injure many more. Paige’s exceptional performance even landed her the award for Best Villain at the 2021 Inside Soap Awards.  Now that Meena’s time on Emmerdale is coming to an end, Rebecca gushed: “Paige is absolutely going to go onto great things, there is no doubt in my mind. She’s fabulous.” It comes after Paige promised Meena’s exit will be “incredible”. She told Liverpool Echo in February: “The ending's incredible, better than I could ever have imagined, and I have already started crying. "[Meena] is a psychopath and believes nobody will ever get the better of her. Psychopaths are incapable of feeling fear like we can." DON'T MISS‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak[LATEST]Tamzin Outhwaite left 'in tears' over Liverpool's tribute to Ukraine[INSIGHT]‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle[NEWS] As for Manpreet’s future, Rebecca remained largely tight-lipped but teased: “That’s the life of an actor, you come and you go, I’ve come and gone in various places. Such is our career and our profession.” Rebecca also opened up about how she tackled filming the difficult scenes surrounding Meena’s plea hearing. Becoming utterly overwhelmed by the pressure of testifying, Manpreet suffers a panic attack and sets off in her car into the night. Rebecca said she was “nervous” to portray something she had never experienced in real life, but that the atmosphere on-set helped her call upon the required emotions. She explained: “Usually when you are on-set, you have other actors, you can have a laugh and then you can call upon the emotions when you are filming. But because it was such an isolated project, on my own in a car in the woods, in the dark on a cold February night, it wasn’t pleasant. “It was sort of pathetic fallacy, it really fed the emotions quite well, so I was given a little bit of help there.” Emmerdale airs weeknights on ITV.