Manchester United's legendary former midfielder Paul Scholes has called out the club's owners for appointing Ralf Rangnick as interim boss. Scholes admits he has been left "baffled" by the decision to bring in Rangnick on a temporary basis. The German saw his side lose 4-1 at rivals at Manchester City on Sunday to put a big dent in their hopes of finishing in the Premier League top four. A brace apiece from Kevin de Bruyne and Riyad Mahrez condemned United to defeat at the Etihad. The Red Devils are now a point behind Arsenal in fourth having played three games fewer than Mikel Arteta's side. United are set to appoint a permanent manager in the summer, with Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag two of the top candidates. But Scholes is at a loss as to why Rangnick was appointed in the first place. TOP STORY: Roy Keane claims six Man Utd stars should never play for club again in post-Man City rant  He claims there is no way someone with Rangnick's CV should have been given the job. "What do we expect? We've brought in an interim coach who hasn't coached at an elite team," Scholes told Premier League Productions. "He hasn't coached a big team, he hasn't coached at a big football club like United where there's so much expected of Manchester United. Whoever you're playing against, it doesn't matter. "He's never been at a top club. He's coached a club for two years out of the last 10 years. DON'T MISSMan Utd players ‘angry’ after Cristiano Ronaldo fails to show for Man City clash [REPORT]Roy Keane calls out two Man Utd players in heavy Man City defeat - 'It's frustrating' [REACTION]Cesc Fabregas hails two players as 'future of Arsenal' in Watford win but makes mistake [SOCIAL]  "How have United behind the scenes come to the conclusion that this man is going to be the right man for seven months? It baffles me. "The players are lost on the football pitch. The first 20 minutes I was actually surprised they played really well, they were comfortable on the ball, Pogba up front looked alright. "His subs have worked the last few weeks don't get me wrong but it was a deflated team. "As much as you can have a go at Man United today, they're playing against possibly one of the best teams we've seen."  Scholes says United have goalkeeper David de Gea to thank for just a three-goal difference to City on Sunday. He added: "They're lucky it's not five or six. Again the goalkeeper, five or six saves. "You spoke before the game saying defensively since Ole's gone he's sured things up - he hadn't. Never in a million years. He's kidding himself if he thinks that. "The keeper has stopped him from getting batterings for a long time. Today was exactly the same."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here