Good Morning Britain's Kate Garraway has been vocal about her husband Derek Draper's gruelling battle with long Covid. Draper spent 13 months in hospital battling COVID-19 after catching it in the early days of the pandemic. Derek has consistently defied the odds but he needs full-time care. Last month - ahead of her forthcoming docuseries Caring For Derek - Garraway detailed the daily impact long Covid has on her husband. The GMB presenter said Draper experiences “a kind of heartbreak” every day. Despite returning home from hospital, Derek bears the scars of Covid. The viral disease inflicted severe damage to his organs – including his liver, lungs, pancreas, kidney and heart. Draper’s leg muscles and tendons have also seized up from having to be placed in a long, medically induced coma – meaning there’s a distinct possibility he may never walk again. READ MORE: 'I'm really struggling' Kate Garraway opens up on 'absent' husband Derek amid health woes “There are flashes of the old Derek and then he disappears again, and you’re left just feeling really lonely,” Garraway told The Sun. Adding that Draper – who sleeps between 16–20 hours every day – dreams about the “before”. Garraway revealed that it is “awful” to see him grapple with his condition “every single morning”. "There’s a kind of heartbreak in his eyes". DON'T MISSMatt LeBlanc health: Star 'almost had a nervous breakdown' [INSIGHT]Statins side effects: Statins may cause hepatitis - signs [TIPS]Dementia: 'Commonly prescribed' antibiotics linked to decline [ADVICE] Further providing an update on Draper’s slow recovery, Garraway said that her husband doesn’t have much of an appetite any longer. Derek's story has strongly resonated with Britons, many of whom are grappling with long Covid symptoms and desperately seeking answers. It is estimated that over a million Britons in private households are experiencing long Covid symptoms. Long Covid is a term to describe the effects of COVID-19 that continue for weeks or months beyond the initial illness. For some, it can seem like a cycle of improving for a time and then getting worse again. These long-term effects aren’t only among those who needed to go to hospital, or even those who felt seriously unwell when they first caught the virus. Lasting symptoms of coronavirus can include: "Contact a GP if you're worried about symptoms four weeks or more after having COVID-19." According to the health body, your doctor will ask about your symptoms and the impact they're having on your life. "They may suggest some tests to find out more about your symptoms and rule out other things that could be causing them." These might include: The NHS adds: "If the symptoms are having a big impact on your life, you may be referred to a specialist rehabilitation service or a service that specialises in the specific symptoms you have."