Foreign Secretary Liz Truss is to urge India to work with other democracies to counter Russia's aggression in Ukraine. Ms Truss is in New Dehli for talks with counterparts amid concern in the West about prime minister Narendra Modi's reluctance to publicly condemn the actions of Russia - a long-standing ally dating back to the Cold War. Ms Burley asked: "Putin still has some friends amongst the international community not least India and we're looking to do a trade deal with them later on but they refuse to condemn what is happening in Ukraine. "They don't seem to as a result be respecting international borders. Do we really want to do a trade deal with a country like that?" Speaking to the Kay Burley show on Sky News, Ms Trevelyan said: "The Foreign Secretary has gone out to India this week to have conversations with her Indian counterpart to discuss what is a difficult situation for all of us who are democratic nations. "India is of course the largest democratic nation in the world. "Standing for democratic nations and peaceful borders where Ukraine has been breached is something we want to see everyone doing. READ MORE: Remain campaigner blasts Brexit Britain's trade deals  "I know that Liz Truss will be continuing to have those conversations with the ministers in India to do that. "Our trade talks are at a relatively early level at the moment." The Sky News host pressed: "Does it really sit comfortably with you doing business with a country that by admission is sanctioning the death of innocents?" The Trade Secretary continued: "No it doesn't and I think we have to be clear that we stand up for democratic countries and the right to live peacefully in your sovereign nation is something that should be respected by all. "I know that Liz Truss will be continuing to do what is the Foreign Office's job to do; to present those arguments and try and persuade her colleagues in India of the merits of giving their opinion on Putin's outrageous and illegal rule." Earlier this month, India agreed to import three million barrels of heavily discounted Russian oil as Moscow was forced to drop prices due to the effect of international sanctions. Although the amounts are relatively small, there are concerns the volumes could increase in the coming months, potentially weakening the impact of economic restrictions. Ms Truss will use her visit to confirm £70 million of UK investment funding to support the development of renewable energy in India, which remains one of the world's biggest users of hydrocarbons. DON'T MISS Used car prices hit all-time high as costs could continue to rise [INSIGHT]Same old Labour! MPs celebrate after Colston statue topplers cleared [ANALYSIS]Trader loses almost $2m Bitcoin fortune after password theft [DATA] She will also announce a new joint cyber security programme aimed at protecting online infrastructure in both countries from attacks. Since taking office in 2019, Boris Johnson has set great store by building relations with India, and last year struck a landmark agreement with Mr Modi to strengthen ties over the coming decade. In a statement, Ms Truss said: "Deeper ties between Britain and India will boost security in the Indo-Pacific and globally, and create jobs and opportunities in both countries. "This matters even more in the context of Russia's unprovoked invasion of Ukraine and underlines the need for free democracies to work closer together in areas like defence, trade and cyber security. "India is an economic and tech powerhouse, the world's largest democracy and a great friend of Britain, and I want to build an even closer relationship between our two nations."