RB Leipzig playmaker and reported Manchester United target Christopher Nkunku would like the German club to lower his asking price ahead of the summer transfer window, according to reports. The Red Devils are said to be on the lookout for a new midfielder and have recently been credited with an interest in Nkunku, who has chipped in with a remarkable tally of 26 goals since the beginning of the campaign. The Leipzig man has emerged as his side's most influential player over the course of this season but is reportedly being eyed by a number of top European clubs, including the likes of United, Liverpool and Bayern Munich. Nkunku has already been valued at around £63million by Leipzig but is privately hoping that his current employers can be tempted to accept a cut-price offer for his services, according to ESPN.The report claims that Nkunku's preference would be for his asking price to be reduced to £50m in order to increase the likelihood of a successful move elsewhere at the end of the season. It is said that Bayern Munich would struggle to meet his current price tag of £63m but may be handed a lifeline if Leipzig decide to lower their demands in advance of the summer transfer window.The midfielder remains under contract until the summer of 2024 but will soon enter talks over a new and improved contract with Leipzig, who are hoping to convince him to stay for at least another year. The Bundesliga heavyweights are said to be hoping that their strong relationship with Nkunku's agent, Pini Zahavi, will swing proceedings in their favour but have accepted that it will be tough to keep hold of him if their transfer demands are met. JUST IN: Chelsea star Antonio Rudiger's agent filmed in Barcelona for meeting It remains to be seen whether Nkunku will eventually decide to leave Leipzig over the coming months, with the 24-year-old set to have no shortage of options from across Europe when the bidding opens in the summer. He was signed by Ralf Rangnick during the latter's spell at Leipzig back in 2019 and the interim United boss is still believed to be a keen admirer of the versatile Frenchman.Rangnick recently insisted that it will be imperative for United to lead a fruitful summer recruitment drive in order to stand any chance of troubling the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City over the course of next season. "If I look at their transfer policy and their transfer success, they haven’t had many players who after one or two years people would have said maybe that wasn’t the right signing," the Red Devils manager told reporters earlier this month. "Both clubs have been pretty successful and this is where Manchester United have to go again. Under Sir Alex [Ferguson] they were there, but since then there have been quite a few different managers."To close the gap to those two clubs, you have to make sure that the recruitment is right. You have to be quick enough in the transfer market, knowing the market and signing the right players in the right moment." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here