More than two weeks have now passed since Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a full-scale invasion of Ukraine. The Kremlin has justified what it’s dubbed as a “special military operation” on the grounds of demilitarising it's ex-Soviet neighbour. However, there is now talk that President Putin’s fixation on religion could also be influencing his mind. Russia’s President was raised by a devout Christian mother and is known to have worn a crucifix around his neck for most of his life. While President Putin, like most Russians, identifies himself as a follower of the Orthodox Church, the state is officially secular. Russian Orthodoxy compared with Western religious ideals share significant differences. Mark Tooley, President of The Institute on Religion and Democracy wrote in World Magazine that “Russia is a longtime nemesis to the West, precisely because of its version of Christianity”.  READ MORE: Captured Russian bomber pilot says 'we have already lost this war' He said: “Russian Orthodoxy for centuries saw itself as guardian of the true faith in contrast to Western Catholicism and Protestantism. “Moscow, according to this lore, is the third Rome, the seat of the true Christendom, after Constantinople and the Roman Empire.” Mr Tooley added that Russian Orthodoxy has nearly always been a “cheerleading nationalist subordinate to the state”. The theological circumstances in Ukraine and Russia become increasingly concerning when it’s considered the Ukrainian Orthodox Church was granted autonomy from Russia just three years ago.  Although a portion of the Orthodox church in Kyiv still recognises Russian authority, the schism has grown. In fact, the BBC’s Harry Farley recently said President Putin views himself as a “messianic figure, a saviour, to reunite Eastern Orthodox churches under Moscow.” When the Ukrainian Church did split with Russia, the decision was labelled as “historic” by the country’s then-president Petro Poroshenko. He said: “This day will go down in history as a sacred day. The day of the final independence from Russia.”  DON'T MISS: Russian bombing rattling windows in Poland in 'dangerous expansion' [WATCH]Britons paid £350 a month for providing a room to Ukrainian refugees [NEWS]The 2 clear signs that Vladimir Putin is suffering with ill health [INSIGHT] In the past, President Putin has been coy when asked about his personal religious beliefs - including his views on God. When interviewed by Time Magazine in 2007, he was particularly ambiguous on the matter. The outlet asked him about the role faith plays in his own leadership, and how it should affect politics and the public sphere to which he provided a measured response.  He said: “First and foremost, we should be governed by common sense, but common sense should be based on moral principles first. “And it is not possible today to have morality separated from religious values. I will not expand, as I don’t want to impose my views on people who have different viewpoints.” In a follow-up question, the Russian President was asked if he believes in a “Supreme God,” which he declined to answer. He added: “There are things I believe, which should not, in my position, at least, be shared with the public at large for everybody’s consumption, because that would look like self-advertising or a political striptease.” 