This week NATO met at an emergency summit in Brussels, where they released a statement condemning the Kremlin's brutal invasion of neighbouring Ukraine. The alliance also provided arms to Kyiv to help a fierce Ukrainian resistance prevent Putin from an easy victory, and sent more troops to NATO’s eastern flank. While at the summit US President Joe Biden also said that the alliance “would respond” if Russia used chemical weapons in Ukraine.   Asked whether the use of chemical weapons by Putin prompted a military response from NATO, the President said: “It would trigger a response in kind. “We would respond if he uses it. The nature of the response would depend on the nature of the use.” UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson added that it would be “catastrophic” if the Russian leader used chemical weapons. NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg also made it clear that there would be severe consequences if Russia launched a chemical attack in Ukraine. Read More: Xi loses patience with Putin as China pulls plug on £380m deal Western leaders have shown a united front in the face of Putin’s invasion. However the alliance’s previous expansion was deemed a contributing factor to Russia’s tension with the West. In the Nineties NATO expanded with the alliance considered a tool for stabilising Eastern Europe and Central Asia, and incorporated a number of new partners. Moscow interpreted the expansion as the US in particular seeking to extend its sphere of influence by subjugating a number of former Communist countries by integrating them into NATO.   In pursuing the policy, the West allegedly broke a promise to former Soviet Union leader Mikhail Gorbachev not to extend the alliance to the east. In ‘Open Door: NATO and Euro-Atlantic Security after the Cold War’ Andrei Zagorski wrote: “In a nutshell: Starting with the negotiations on German unification, the West systematically took advantage of Russia’s weakness. “The West never acted in the spirit of the Charter of Paris, in which the indivisibility of security was a key concept. “The West never tried to address security with Russia, only without it, or against it. The United States instead seized the opportunity to dominate international affairs especially in Europe. Don't Miss:Le Pen on rocks as leader plagued by 'prominent falling out'[OPINION]Macron's 'reprehensible' Putin comments once infuriated NATO ally[INSIGHT]Putin 'extremely paranoid' about assassination attempt [ANALYSIS] “The ‘common European home’ failed because the West was unwilling to build new, open security architecture—and to fulfil its promises.” Mr Walt, who is a professor of international relations at Harvard University, claimed that NATO made a key “strategic misstep” by expanding in the Nineties as it alienated Russia. Writing in FP in September 2014, Mr Walt said: “As George Kennan, Michael Mandelbaum and other experts warned in the Nineties, NATO expansion turned out to be a fundamental strategic misstep. “It alienated Russia without making NATO stronger; on the contrary, expansion involved extending security guarantees to mostly weak countries that would be the hardest to defend should Russia ever recover.  “Instead of sticking with the early Nineties Partnership for Peace, an initiative that provided many of the same benefits as NATO expansion ‒ including military-to military contacts, security dialogue and support for civil society ‒ but also included Russia, Washington succumbed to hubris and decided to add to its defence burdens without getting much in return. “Undertaken like the old British Empire, in a ‘fit of absentmindedness’, NATO expansion rested on the assumption that the various guarantees would never need to be honoured. “It was not until brief Russo-Georgian war of 2008 that a few Washingtonians (and a larger number of Europans) begin to recognise that these commitments might actually involve some cost and risk. “But by then it was too late, because any challenge in Eastern Europe would be seen as a test of US credibility and NATO’s resolve.”   Putin’s invasion has led to the reinvigoration of NATO and the newfound unity established between previously bickering western nations. However, speaking in 2014 after Russia illegally annexed the Crimean peninsula, the expert added: “Unitil the Ukraine crisis arose, NATO looked like a nearly extinct dodo that had somehow managed to last into the 21st century. “Russia’s aggression in Ukraine is making it easier for the belated, ageing alliance to pretend that it still matters.” ‘Open Door: NATO and Euro-Atlantic Security after the Cold War’ was written by Daniel S Hamilton and published by Brookings Institution Press. You can find it here.