Russia had sparked fears of an imminent invasion of Kyiv after satellite imagery showed a 40-mile long convoy heading towards Ukraine's capital days after Vladimir Putin declared war. But two weeks since the start of the conflict, the convoy has failed to make any significant advance as tanks and armoured vehicles became stuck in a gridlock impossible to untangle. Reporting from Lviv, LBC host Matt Frei said: "That armoured column of tanks that we've seen from space and up close in person in the last few weeks that seems to be advancing towards Kyiv has stopped advancing. "And it's now a sitting duck for some of the anti-tank missiles used by the Ukrainian forces. "They've exerted quite a lot of damage on those particular ground forces advancing towards big city centres. "The weaponry Britain has sent them, those anti-tank missiles are working pretty well. At the same time, the Stinger missiles provided by the Americans make it very difficult for the Russians to fly at low altitudes over Ukrainian population centres. "That's why we're not seeing a lot of air activity in the sky. The further up you go, the more inaccurate your bombing becomes." READ THE LATEST IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Despite Ukraine mounting a fierce resistance against the invader, Russia has continued to target Kyiv and other major city centres with heavy bombing. On Wednesday, the eastern Ukrainian city of Mariupol reported the Russian Army had hit a maternity hospital, injuring 17 people and killing 3. The laws of war prohibit attacks on hospitals and other civilian targets, including schools. Kyiv has reported a school in the city of Zhytomyr, west of the capital, was hit on Monday. READ MORE: Horror warning as Putin tipped to unleash 'dark activity' to outsmart Truss masterstroke Another report emerged of a high school in Kyiv proper also being destroyed alongside residential buildings last week. Mariupol deputy mayor Sergei Orlov claimed the Russian army was aware they were bombing a maternity hospital in his city. Mr Orlov told the Today programme on BBC Radio 4: "I am absolutely sure that they know about this facility. "This is the third hospital that they have destroyed in the city. The previous day they destroyed hospital number nine by artillery shelling. This was a Covid hospital with 300 beds. DON'T MISS:  Putin’s troops shooting OWN comrades for not killing innocent [REVEAL] Ukraine LIVE: Putin gloats as Russian army uses horrific 'vacuum bombs [INSIGHT] 'Russia is rattled!' Kremlin rocked by Boris Johnson's Ukraine support [SPOTLIGHT] "They have also attacked and destroyed a blood collection station in Mariupol. So, it is the third hospital, I'm absolutely sure they know what are their targets." Mr Orlov added: "The last information that we have about victims is that most of the visitors were in a bomb shelter. "That's why we have information about 17 injured people - and that's mostly pregnant women and doctors who work in this hospital. "We don't have information about children, but the information is being collected at the moment."