Damp can be a persistent and unsightly problem in the home. Over time, damp can lead to more serious issues in the home and can even have an impact on a person’s health. In a video for Rightmove, an expert has shared what a person can do if they come across damp in their property. For some people, the presence of damp can be a worry, but it doesn’t mean people need to move out. There are several simple ways to deal with damp in the home. The expert said: “There are three things you need to think about. “The first is moisture after cooking or having a shower.  READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 6p hack to clean burnt oven door glass “Open the window and put on the extractor fan with the door closed. “The next thing to think about is ventilation. “When you're drying clothes, open the window. “Leave a gap between furniture and external walls, and don't overfill your wardrobe.  DON'T MISSWhite vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it [INSIGHT]Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [UPDATE]Where did Shane Warne live? Inside his impressive property portfolio [ANALYSIS] “These may sound trivial but these things will allow air to ventilate properly.” The last aspect householders should think about is the temperature of their home. Large dips in temperature from hot to cold can impact damp. As temperatures drop, condensation rises which creates moisture on windows and other parts of the home. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Signs of this are most clear in the morning on windows. Cold walls can also hit a dew-point for moisture in the air which means it can condense and cause damp. The expert added: “Keeping a constant temperature throughout the home and only using dry heat sources will keep the air from becoming moist.” Another way homeowners can combat damp is by investing in a dehumidifier.  If the problem persists, it could be a sign of a more serious problem. It could be a crack or a blockage in a pipe, a leak a roof tile that slipped or you may just need an extractor fan. Other signs of damp include a distinctive musty smell, mould, discoloured patches on walls or plaster and peeling wallpaper. It’s best to contact an expert if damp persists and you can’t find its cause.