A neat lawn free of weeds will never go unnoticed and, according to a gardening expert, two particular plants could just give your house the edge. When it comes to selling a house faster, incorporating crowd-pleasing plants is an easy win. Chris Bonnett, a gardening expert at Gardening Express shared which plants should be planted in spring to “add to the look of a property”. Improving the front garden is certainly worth doing for those putting their property on the market. Potential sellers should treat the garden in the same way that they treat any other part of the interior of their home. A few small changes could make their outdoor space more attractive to potential buyers and could subsequently help to sell their house faster. These changes include adding certain garden plants to the front of a house. READ MORE: Lawn care: The ‘crucial’ mowing trick to avoid lawns diseases  The gardening expert recommended hydrangeas for your front yard now and for the winter months, a Choisya ternata 'Sundance’. Chris said: “When selling your home, having beautiful gardens can really add to the look of a property and make them more desirable.” He believes that a well-kept garden will be seen in a positive light because potential buyers won’t look at it and see yet another thing that needs work and money, along with a new roof and kitchen extension. Chris continued: “If there’s a certain plant you should have in your gardens when selling your homes then I would recommend a hydrangea. DON'T MISS:How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [INSIGHT]Garden plants: ‘Clever’ placement trick gardening pros swear by [EXPERT]Gardening: The ‘most effective’ solution for getting rid of all kinds [TIPS] “The big, colourful, beautiful blooms are really eye-catching and can really make a home look inviting and classy.” However, for those selling their homes in the winter, the gardening pro advised opting for evergreen shrubs. This is because hydrangeas don’t look their absolute best during the winter. Chris explained: “An evergreen shrub such as Choisya ternata ‘Sundance’ is a good choice if you're putting your home on the market in the colder months.” As for which colour to go for, calming blues, whites, lilac and pinks are best, according to Juliette Hohnen, an estate agent at Douglas Elliman. She said: “Gorgeous landscaping contributes to an emotional ‘I must have it’ reaction from buyers.” This is before they have even stepped into the house. Juliette added: “When you use reds and yellows your garden tends to look like a park in Brighton or garden at Buckingham Palace.” It's well worth thinking about garden design ideas before putting a house on the market, as well as simply keeping things looking neat. If spending time outdoors doing some garden therapy speeds up the emotionally fraught process of buying and selling, then it's a no-brainer. Creating a beautiful looking garden can be a daunting task, but it’s important it looks the part. Homeowners will need to assess the space and decide whether they can do it themselves or if they need to bring in a professional.