The Ministry of Defence (MoD) said Russia's proposed ceasefire in the Ukrainian city of Mariupol on Saturday was “likely an attempt to deflect international condemnation while resetting its force for renewed offensive activity”. In an intelligence update on Saturday afternoon, the MoD said: “By accusing Ukraine of breaking the agreement, Russia is likely seeking to shift responsibility for current and future civilian casualties in the city.”  According to the reports, safe “green” routes had been negotiated out of the strategic port of Mariupol in the southeast of the country and the eastern town of Volnovakha, aimed at enabling children, women and the elderly to leave, but the fragile agreement was short-lived. Ukraine has said Russian forces continued to shell evacuation corridors which should have been opened this morning - but Russia blamed Ukrainian “nationalists” for preventing civilians from leaving. Russia launched its attack in the early hours of February 24 from three main directions: north, south and east. Since then, troops have poured into Ukraine and targets across the country have been struck by air strikes and artillery attacks.  On Saturday, the United Nations said at least 350 civilians have been killed so far, although the true numbers are probably “considerably higher”. Russia had earlier offered to open the humanitarian corridors near Mariupol and the town of Volnovakha to enable the evacuation of civilians. However, Mariupol council ordered people to return to their shelters, saying Russia had failed to observe the agreed ceasefire in the city and as a result it would not be safe for children, women and the elderly to travel. The mayor of Mariupol, Vadym Boychenko, said talks were ongoing, adding: “Unfortunately, at the moment when we were ready the regular Russian Federation army started shelling the corridor we were supposed to move along.  READ MORE: Diane Abbott accused of dreadful statement about Putin “Therefore, there is no silence regime today at this particular moment... We are waiting for that silence regime to provide a safe pass, safe evacuation of inhabitants of Mariupol.” But, rejecting this, Russia's defence ministry said no one had made use of the corridors and that Ukrainian "nationalists" had prevented civilians from leaving, according to the state-run RIA news agency. In later comments, Mr Boychenko said “relentless shelling of residential blocks is ongoing, airplanes have been dropping bombs on residential areas”, adding: “The city is in a very, very difficult state of siege.” He said thousands of children, women and the elderly had come under fire as they arrived for a possible evacuation through humanitarian corridors.  DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: ‘If a comet struck earth, they’d blame Brexit’Boris warns ‘radioactive clouds’ could spread over EuropeBritain to witness snow up to 50cm of snow The stalled evacuation plan, comes after Moscow said it had agreed to create safe "green" routes with Ukraine to allow civilians to leave the encircled communities of Mariupol, in the southeast of the country, and the eastern town of Volnovakha on Saturday. Ukraine said it planned to evacuate 200,000 people from Mariupol and 15,000 from Volnovakha, with the Red Cross acting as the guarantor of the ceasefire. 