Princess Sofia of Sweden was born Sofia Hellqvist, and she began dating Prince Carl in 2010. However, the couple broke royal protocol before they were married. In April 2011, the couple moved in together in Djurgården of Stockholm, which was confirmed by the palace.  Usually in royal circles, couples do not officially move in together until they are married. However things got quite serious between Prince Carl and Sofia. The raven-haired beauty, who was a former Swedish reality TV star and model, decided to ignore any naysayers and move in with the dashing royal. The Swedish press had revealed how the 25-year-old at the time was “ensconced in Carl's flat”, which was close to the royal palace in Stockholm.  READ MORE: Aldi Specialbuys: The ‘secret sale’ for sold out items Although she was officially listed as living with her parents Erik and Marie in Alvdalen, to the north of the city, she actually spent all her time at Carl's residence, according to the Swedish magazine Svensk Damtidning. The couple began dating in January 2010, following Carl's split from his long term girlfriend Emma Pernauld in March 2009. When the couple began living together, they reportedly made some changes to the décor of Carl's apartment to reflect Sofia's tastes. The Prince was spotted shopping in IKEA shortly after his girlfriend moved in.  A source at the time told the press: "Sofia wants nothing to do with any of Emma's things, so some changes were absolutely necessary." During the years that the Prince lived with his ex-girlfriend Emma, the Royal Family did not mention anything. Their spokesperson would never confirm that the Prince was cohabiting, without being engaged or married, if it were not serious. In her formative years, Sofia was a glamour model, who even posed topless for the Swedish men’s magazine Slitz.  The recognition from her modelling led to a TV gig in 2005 when she appeared on the Swedish reality show Paradise Hotel. The popular programme featured singles living together at a luxury resort. Sofia was named a finalist before being voted off. After a few years in New York, she returned to Sweden and met Prince Carl Philip through mutual friends. Both were eating at a restaurant with friends, and the two groups ran into each other, completely changing Sofia’s life. Although much has been written about Sofia’s past, she said in a Swedish TV interview that she wouldn’t change a thing.  She said: “I don’t regret anything. All these experiences have made me the person I am. I wouldn’t have made those choices today.” Princess Sofia and Prince Carl Philip are now parents to three children, Prince Alexander, five, Prince Gabriel, four, and Prince Julian, one. Today Princess Sofia is a beloved member of the Swedish Royal Family. Her friendly and down-to-earth personality has helped to make her a relatable and popular Princess. With her work in the areas of health and fitness, youth issues, and anti-bullying, she is a massive asset to Sweden. 