Sophie Wessex, 57, is wearing a beautiful lacy, sheer dress in London as a guest of honour at the awards show. The burgundy coloured dress is long-sleeved and features elaborate decorative detailing. The Countess of Wessex has tied her hair back into a low bun and is also wearing bright red lipstick to match her outfit.  Sophie is wearing dangly silver earrings to perfectly complete the look. Royal fan @tanndde tweeted: "Stunning Sophie! "Countess of Wessex puts on a glamorous display in a burgundy gown as she attends the Arab Women of Year Awards."  The burgundy midi dress featured gorgeous mesh sleeves and floral embroidery. READ MORE: Prince William stands with hands on hips in Caribbean for key reason The Countess' statement teardrop earrings were decorated with multicoloured gemstones. They also came with a matching ring on Sophie's finger. Sophie always looks polished on royal outings, and tonight was no different. At the award ceremony she opted to have her blonde hair slicked back in a chic up-do.  Her glamorous make-up look featured a dark smokey eye, peach blush and light bronzer paired with a glitzy silver highlight. Sophie appeared in high spirits as she posed for photographs ahead of the event, which is being hosted by The Bicester Collection in partnership with London Arabia. The award ceremony was held as part of London Arabia's Unlock Her Future campaign at Jumeirah Carlton Tower Hotel. It celebrates achievements made by Arab women across the globe. The award ceremony was founded in 2014 by the London Arabia Organisation.  Royal fan @DrLindaTribuzio tweeted: "A lovely woman. "Noticing that she doesn't follow the royal directive for light coloured nail varnish!" Royal women are only supposed to wear nude or clear nail varnish, according to style protocol. Daena Borrowman, a marketing manager at jewellerybox told Express.co.uk: "Royal women are not permitted to wear bright or dark nail paint on their fingernails.   "Only nude shades, sheer whites and light pinks are allowed. "A firm favourite of the Queen’s is Essie’s ‘Ballet Slippers’. "In fact, for their weddings, both the Duchess of Cambridge and the Duchess of Sussex, famously combined two nude nail colours. "While Kate wore a mix of, '28 Rose Lounge' from Bourjois and the now discontinued '423 Allure' from Essie, Meghan wore a mix of CND Shellac’s ‘Unmasked’ and ‘Negligee’. "However, both Duchesses have occasionally favoured dark red or oxblood toenails on open-toed heels."