Asda has opened their largest On the Move store to date. This is not the only huge change happening within the supermarket chain, with 250 new specialist greengrocers now employed to deliver the best and most knowledgeable fruit and veg service. On March 18 Asda opened its largest store on an EG Group petrol filling station in Nottinghamshire. It will offer customers the choice of more than 2,500 essential products. The store, located on EG’s London Road forecourt in Redford, offers Asda own brand and branded items including Extra Special ready meals, fresh and chilled products, and EG-operated food service brands KFC and Leon. The new store is a whopping 5,000sq ft space. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘one minute’ trick for unblocking plugholes Shoppers will be able to access the grocer’s full online range for Click & Collect. Customers can also make collections and returns on parcels for more than 100 brands and George.com. In line with EC’s agenda to expand the modern charging facilities through its estate, the site will be equipped with two electric vehicle charging point. There are currently 32 Asda On the Move stores, with more set to launch in the long term. Asda is owned by billionaire brothers Zuber and Moshin Issa from the UK, who each hold a 25 percent stake in EG Group. The launch suggests that the partnership between Asda and EG Group is so far thriving. Baked good lovers rejoice, as EG Grou-owned Cooplands, the UK’s second largest bakery chain, is set to open a café inside the Asda On the Move store, offering hot food-to-go options. This change will be implemented in April. Oliver Silvester, Head of Asda On the Move, said: “The launch of our largest ever Asda On the Move with EG Group marks an important step in Asda’s commitment to ensure more customers have greater access to our extensive range of value products and services – whether on the move, online, in-store, or via Click & Collect. “Our partnership with EG Group makes this possible and combines our expertise in food retail with EG’s roster of innovative and well-known food service brands. It’s fantastic to see our biggest Asda On the Move to date launch in Retford.” Barry Westley, Head of Retail Integration at EG Group, added: “We are excited to partner with Asda on the opening of the most ambitious Asda On the Move store to date. There is a real opportunity to bring customers something different by combining our experience in food service and convenience retailing with a carefully curated range of Asda products and services. “The complementary strengths of both EG Group and Asda enable us to make it even more convenient for motorists to access everything they need when they fill up with fuel.” In a bid to reclaim its spot as the UK’s second largest supermarket, Asda are keen to make some impressive innovations. Moshin Issa stated that he would be “happy to commit to whatever we need”. In September 2021, the supermarket chain announced that it would appoint 150 specialist greengrocers in stores throughout the UK. Asda recently announced that this initiative will be offered to a further 100 stores, ramping up the total to 250. This, and the greater choice of premium fruit sold in stores from October 2021, aims to improve customer experience across the chain.