Footage has emerged from onboard the Jet2 plane which was forced to divert after a passenger became aggressive and had to be confronted by aircrew. The flights had left Manchester Airport at around 9.15 am on Monday bound for Turkey but was forced to land in Austria. The woman can be heard be ordered to "stand back" by the cabin crew to which she responds: "I am back. Sort your head out you." An air hostess responds with: "You are not doing yourself any favours." "You're not doing yourself any favours either," replied the passenger. "So what have I done? Don't touch me, don't ****ing touch me," erupts the woman. JUST IN: Brexit LIVE: 'Ultra-Remainers' score major own goal over Boris remarks The woman reported to be from Kirkless in Yorkshire, continues: "What have I done? What have I done wrong on this flight, eh? "See, you haven't got an answer." One passenger on the plane told Manchester Evening News: "There was lots of noise. Then she came to the front of the plane. "She was really angry towards Jet2 staff and wouldn’t calm down. Her voice was getting louder and more aggressive - she was shouting in people’s faces. "People were saying she was kicking off at the airport before she even got on the plane. Then some people said it was over babies crying on the flight. "A customer said something and she slapped him in the face. Then a man got up to try and calm the situation before taking her to the back of the plane." The commotion saw the plane diverted to Vienna, where armed police officers escorted the woman off the plane. Passengers in the video can be heard shouting "bye-bye" as the woman is led away by armed officers. DON'T MISS Ukraine LIVE: Lukashenko eyes 'imminent' Russian nuclear deployment 'Brexit La La Land' Former Finnish PM in stunning attack against UK Henry VIII: Key evidence on Anne Boleyn that ‘went unnoticed’ found The plane touched down at Vienna almost two and a half hours after departing Manchester. After police had escorted the woman off the plane flight continued on to Antalya in Turkey at 1pm.  Jet2 informed passengers onboard the flight of the diversion in a text message that read: "Hello, we are sorry that due to the disruptive behaviour of a fellow passenger, your flight has been diverted to Vienna. "We are working on a situation to get you on your way as soon as possible." A Jet2 spokesperson later confirmed that flight LS895 has been rerouted to Vienna "so that a disruptive passenger could be offloaded. "As a family-friendly airline, we take a zero-tolerance approach to disruptive behaviour," they said.