Kate Middleton and Prince William are visiting Pant Farm near Abergavenny in Wales in honour of St David’s Day. This farm is where Gary and Jess Yeomans have supplied goat’s milk to local cheese producers for the past 20 years. Prince Charles even visited the farm back in 2002.  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are learning about the importance of the agricultural industry to rural populations. Kate looked “ethereal” for the occasion according to some royal fans, who praised her devotion to Wales through her daffodil accessory. She wore the daffodil as a brooch over her ‘Seeland Woodcock Advanced Hunting Jacket’ in the colour ‘shaded olive’. Kate previously wore this jacket last week during her whistle-stop tour to Denmark. The stunning piece retails for £189.95 which worked nicely with the bright daffodil. Another bright item on Kate’s outfit was her vivid Hugo Boss red scarf which she had bunched around her neck, perfect for the cool weather today in Wales. The red scarf, which she first wore a decade ago, also perfectly complemented the national flag of Wales with its famous red dragon, as an homage to their country’s feast day. Both Kate and William appeared to be “twinning” in blue jeans as well as brown hiking boots.   The Duchess appeared to be wearing her pair of Blundstone's popular Chelsea boots. These retail currently for £163.56, however can be purchased even cheaper at £109.50 on Amazon. Kate wore minimal makeup for the trip to the farm, and her hair was curled into stunning ringlets. The Duchess also wore a pair of miniature gold Gaia hoop earrings from Sezane, which cost a whopping £50. Royal fans took to social media praising Kate’s style.  Twitter user @judithin77 said: “Great to see that our Duke and Duchess are in Wales and appropriately wearing their daffodils. “Leeks used to be used years ago.” Another royal fan, @Kate125096381 added: “Twinning!” in reference to Kate and William’s similar outfits. Social media user @loveforcambridg wrote: “Aw what a lovely picture! So excited for their engagement there.”  Similarly, Twitter user @harryandmegxit commented saying: “Such an ethereal beauty.” Royal fan @enkienkiiii said: “She looks so fresh!” William and Kate later enjoyed meeting the very friendly goats and heard a lot about how important farming is to the local community. Kate could be heard laughing as the goats were licking her hand. 