The Queen appeared in high spirits as she led two audiences via video link from her home in Berkshire. On Thursday morning, she first met Elisa Nkerabirori, the incoming ambassador to the UK of the Republic of Burundi. Speaking from the Court of St James's in London, Mrs Nkerabirori presented the Queen with the Letters of Recall of her predecessor and her own Letters of Credence. Later in the day, the Queen also received Marie Chatardovà, the new ambassador from the Czech Republic. During one of the audiences, the Queen was photographed while smiling widely at one of her guests. As seen from the monitor, she was wearing a baby blue dress accessorised with a diamond brooch and her iconic pearl earrings and necklace. Follow live updates on the Royal Family here The Queen has carried out several duties this week. On top of receiving more incoming ambassadors to the UK, on Monday the sovereign also met in person Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. During their meeting, the Queen - who is also the head of state of Canada - appeared in great health and was not supporting herself with a walking stick as she was seen doing during other in-person meetings last month. Commenting on the monarch's latest round of engagements on Thursday, royal editor Rebecca English tweeted: "The Queen is firing on all cylinders this week - another two virtual engagements today". READ MORE: US fury after Harry 'shows face at American event' Similarly, royal author Omid Scobie wrote: "Two more virtual audiences for the Queen today. Looking very happy!" Her Majesty's schedule filled up again after she successfully battled a mild bout of COVID-19 which affected her with cold-like symptoms, according to Buckingham Palace. The week after the palace announced the Queen's Covid diagnosis, the monarch sparked health concerns among royal fans as she pulled out of all her scheduled virtual audiences. However, she continued to carry out her day-to-day duties as a monarch and held her weekly phone meeting with the Prime Minister. Her return to in-person duties on Monday boosted hopes the monarch will be well enough in the coming weeks to take part in a few important engagements and in celebrations for her Platinum Jubilee. Royal author Phil Dampier told FEMAIL: "It's wonderful to see the Queen back meeting people after recovering from Covid... "Most importantly the fact she is well again gives hope that she will be able to fully enjoy her Platinum Jubilee celebrations later in the year." He added: "She would have been very pleased to see Justin Trudeau as she takes her role as Head of State in Canada very seriously." This month, the Queen is expected to take part in two in-person engagements outside of her palace. On Monday, Westminster Abbey will host the yearly Commonwealth Day service. The Queen is reportedly hoping to attend it, alongside her son Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and her cousins Princess Alexandra and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester. This year's theme for Commonwealth Day is "Delivering a Common Future" and will highlight how Commonwealth members are "innovating, connecting and transforming". This gathering will also reflect on the Platinum Jubilee year, which officially started on February 6. On March 29, the monarch will be expected to return once again to Westminster Abbey to attend a service of thanksgiving dedicated to her late husband Prince Philip. The Duke of Edinburgh died on April 9 last year. His funeral took place on the following Saturday at St George's Chapel in Windsor in a streamlined capacity due to the Covid restrictions in place at the time.