Houseplant care instructions vary depending on the species of plant you have and, as a result, keeping your green friends looking their best may seem like a challenge. However, there are some natural ways to give your plants a boost without the use of specialist fertilisers. According to Chris Bonnett, an expert from Gardening Express, there are three popular drinks that your plant might enjoy drinking just as much as you do. He said: “Plants need a plethora of nutrients and a bit of care to survive. "Some fertilisers and repellents can be costly when bought, but nature has many of the answers if you have a little bit of time. “Plant can start to die when they lack the proper nutrients it needs to live, and then can be upsetting for plant owners, especially when they live in the house. “Homemade plant food is an easy and inexpensive way to feed plants without accidentally harming them or breaking the bank.” READ MORE: DIY homeowner uses clever Dunelm trick to transform stairs for £117 Though it is common knowledge that water is essential for healthy houseplants, according to Mr Bonnett, adding a little effervescence could give them an extra boost. This is because of the "macronutrients" which are often included in carbonated water. Mr Bonnett explained: "Carbonated water contains several macronutrients, like carbon, oxygen, hydrogen, potassium, and sodium. "These are incredibly beneficial for your greenery, but let the fizzy water go flat before pouring it on plants." Once the fizzy beverage is flat, simply water your plants as usual with the liquid. DON'T MISSHow to remove brown stains from a toilet - 4 ways to shift limescale [EXPLAINER]Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home [COMMENT]Houseplant hacks: 3 ways vinegar can help your plants thrive [INSIGHT] Dry coffee grounds are often touted for their ability to infuse soil with lots of nutrients. Mr Bonnett explained: "Dry coffee grounds are perfect for fertilising soil and providing plants with antioxidants, potassium, phosphor, and nitrogen. "However, make sure that the grounds are dry, wet ones can cause fungus to grow, which will harm plants." One of the best ways to use coffee grounds is by making compost. To do this, add all of your used coffee grounds to your compost and wait until it is ready to be used. You can either apply this compost when repotting or add a thin layer to the top of the soil. You can also work the compost into the top few inches of soil. One thing to note is compost is a rich organic matter, so it naturally retains water. Bear this in mind when watering so as not to oversaturate your plants. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Another much-loved hot drink that can also benefit your plants is green tea. According to Mr Bonnett, holding onto green tea leaves could give your plants some added nutrients. He said: "Instead of throwing away the green tea leaves you’ve used for a brew, simply give them to your plants. "It is great for plants that need a large amount of iron, which green tea has stacks of."