The two fearless Ukrainians were filmed removing the seal at the end of the bomb after pouring water on it. The process, which would ordinarily be done remotely, used water to prevent static discharge. Sky News journalist Nick Stylianou wrote on Twitter: "The water is to prevent static discharge. "Steady hands, nerves of steel." While Charles Lister, senior fellow and the director of the countering terrorism and extremism programs at the Middle East Institute, added: "This Russia-dropped bomb would flatten a building — and yet these Ukraine EODs defuse it with 2 hands and a bottle of water, while shells audibly land nearby." It comes after Russia shifted its stance over the bombing of a Ukrainian hospital in the city of Mariupol, with a mix of statements on Thursday that veered between aggressive denials and a call by the Kremlin to establish clear facts. READ MORE: Putin’s troops shooting OWN comrades for not killing innocent Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said three people including a child had been killed in the bombing on Wednesday, and rejected Russian assertions there had been no patients there. "Like always, they lie confidently," said Zelensky, who has accused Moscow of waging genocide in the war it launched two weeks ago. In the face of worldwide condemnation there were rare signs of inconsistency in the response from Russian officials, who since the start of Moscow's invasion on February 24 have stuck tightly to the same narrative for what Russia calls its special military operation in Ukraine. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov, asked for comment in the immediate aftermath, told Reuters on Wednesday: "Russian forces do not fire on civilian targets." On Thursday he said the Kremlin would look into the incident. "We will definitely ask our military, because you and I don't have clear information about what happened there," Peskov told reporters. "And the military are very likely to provide some information." Other Russian officials took a more aggressive line, rejecting the hospital bombing as fake news. DON'T MISS Russia's disastrous military losses laid bare [INSIGHT]Russia news: Staggering fortune of Russian oligarchs unravelled [ANALYSIS]Toxic issue at heart of EU laid bare by Ukraine war as Poland hit [VIDEO] "This is information terrorism," foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said. The Defence Ministry later denied having bombed the hospital, accusing Ukraine of staging the incident. It said Russian forces at the time had been respecting an agreement to hold fire to allow the evacuation of civilians. "Russian aviation carried out absolutely no strikes on ground targets in the area," spokesman Igor Konashenkov said. "The alleged air strike was completely a staged provocation... that can deceive the Western public but not an expert."