Fancy making a very easy £80 in cash? That's exactly what Virgin Media is offering customers who are happy to refer the provider to their friends. Virgin is no stranger to offering this enticing incentive but from now until March 16, the firm has upped the amount it dishes out from £50 to £80. All you have to do is find someone who fancies switching from a rival supplier, such as Sky or BT, and then refer them via Virgin's dedicated webpage. The best part is, both the current and new customers get the £80 reward so there's a total of £160 up for grabs. It's worth noting that the cash incentive is different depending on the deal the new user take out. For example, a standard broadband-only or broadband and phone package offers £60 back in cash. Anyone joining The Big bundle or Big + Picks bundle will get £70 whilst The Bigger bundle, Bigger bundle + Sports, Bigger bundle + Movies, Bigger bundle + Sports & Movies, Ultimate Volt bundle all get £80 cash back. Virgin says it's easy to register and the money will be paid out within 60 days of the new customer signing their contract. If you want to know more and find out how to take advantage of this deal then full details can be found here. Along with offering this cask incentive, Virgin is also offering new users access to the web for just £25 per month - that's its "best priced" broadband. For that money, you get a speedy 100Mbps connection which will allow you to download a full HD movie in around 8 minutes. There's also a landline included with free weekend calls plus Virgin has even scrapped the usual £35 set-up fee meaning it's completely free to join the firm. Considering that Virgin charges £44 per month for its M100 broadband service without a phone line this is new deal sounds like a serious bargain. Full details about this deal can be found below. Virgin Media best priced broadband • £25 per monthINCLUDES: Fast 100Mbps speeds - Free weekend calls - No setup feeSEE THE DEAL HERE Virgin Media best Bigger Bolt Bundle • £57 per monthINCLUDES: Fast 500Mbps speeds (was 350Mbps) - Free weekend calls - 190+ TV channels - 10GB O2 SIM - No setup feeSEE THE DEAL HERE Virgin Media Ultimate Volt bundle • £85 per monthINCLUDES: Fast 1Gbps speeds - Unlimited O2 SIM - 230 TV channels - Free weekend calls - No setup feeSEE THE DEAL HERE