Marlon (played by Mark Charnock) has found himself in a bit of a dilemma on Emmerdale over the past couple of months, what with having to sell his share of the Woolpack and trying to find another job. The stalwart of the ITV soap has also had to get his head around Rhona (Zoe Henry) betraying his trust by helping Pierce Harris (Jonathan Wrather) find his son, Marcus Dean (Darcy Grey). So when her mother Mary Goskrik (Louise Jameson) turns up in the village in upcoming episodes, it seems he could be about to get payback. The drama begins next week on the weeknight serial drama as Rhona is continuing with her campaign to propose to Marlon. For weeks, she has been trying to find the perfect time to get down on one knee but the time has just never come for the perfect moment. Having exhausted quite a few avenues, the mother of one decides to take her chance but she is interrupted by a sudden arrival. Estranged from her mother Mary, she is shocked to see the woman who birthed her standing before her wanting to reconcile. This will of course derail her proposal plans once again but when she meets Marlon, Mary could forget all about why she came to the Dales in the first place. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plans to destroy the Dingles? Although she wants to build bridges with Rhona, the newcomer might not be able to control herself from having a little flirt. Marlon could quite enjoy the attention, given he has had so much on his shoulders lately he hasn't clocked on to the fact Rhona is trying to propose to him. Despite also telling his partner he was willing to move past the Marcus situation, he could have done so because he had other aspects of his life to sort out. With a job on hand and his place as the Woolpack chef secure, he could reevaluate whether he is able to forgive and forget. As he and Mary get to talking, possibly over a few drinks, he could cross the line by planting a kiss on the woman who is going to become his mother-in-law. With Rhona in a quandary about seeing her mother, she could be wanting some time alone and so she wouldn't realise her mother and partner are spending some alone time together. As one thing leads to another and the drinks keep on pouring, the newcomer could fall into bed with her daughter's other half. When they wake up the next day, they would both be mortified they have crossed the line and they would promise to keep it a secret. Rhona could have also had some time to think about rebuilding a relationship with her mother and she would be willing to give it another chance. But when she discovers Marlon has slept with Mary, the mother of one will be heartbroken beyond belief she has been betrayed by two people who are supposed to love her. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Emma Atkins issues warning to Lucy Pargeter over soap [COMMENT]Zoë Henry: Emmerdale star on husband's life-changing condition [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Charley Webb clashes with husband Matthew over 'obsession' [COMMENT] Could this be the end of Marlon and Rhona as she is unable to forgive him for his sleazy affair with her mother? It was announced last month the actress who plays Mary, Louise, would be returning to the show in another role from the one she played almost 40 years ago. Discussing her character's arrival, the soap star said: "[Mary is] incredibly tactless and very opinionated, although she would see herself as an incredibly generous spirit. "I think she probably suffers a little bit with narcissistic personality disorder, a lot of sentences start with ‘I’. Things other people do, she relates to herself. "I suspect she’s going to get her finger in as many pies as possible, sit on committees, gatecrash other people’s parties. She’s just got an opinion on everything that should be happening in the village." The producer for the show, Laura Shaw, has also offered some light on what drama Rhona's mother is likely to bring over the coming months. The soap boss said: "We are absolutely thrilled to welcome Louise to Emmerdale. "It's great to have such a high calibre and talented actor join our already strong team and she will be a fabulous asset to the show. "Intelligent, witty and complex, Mary promises to be a force to be reckoned with in the village and for Rhona, there won't ever be a dull moment whilst her domineering mother is around." Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media recently, the actress who plays Rhona, Zoe, spoke about her character's relationship with Marlon. The soap star said: "I've made no secret of it but I am a big fan of them. "I think if you people together that are friends or have a history of working together, you're going to have better results. "So going back to Mark [the actor who plays Marlon], Mark and I have known each other for 22 years which is an appallingly long time. "There’s something quite catastrophic that is going to happen in the Dingle/Goskirk household coming up and I don’t think that Marlon’s and Rhona’s worlds will ever be the same again." So could this be Marlon's affair with Mary? Emmerdale currently airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV, with an extra episode airing on Thursdays at 8pm.