This comes as the United States remains "distracted" by the war in Ukraine. Harry Kazianis, an analyst at the Centre for National Interest and an expert on U.S. foreign policy and national security challenges, told Express.co.uk on Monday that North Korea is "more than likely" going to test a more advanced Intercontinental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) "in the next two days". The national security expert claimed that similar challenges to the West will become increasingly common as a result of the major disruption caused by Putin's war in Ukraine. He said that Iran is also likely to be developing its nuclear arsenal, collaborating with North Korea as part of an "authoritarian axis". Iran, he said, is set to possess an ICBM within "the next few years", despite attempts to broker a nuclear agreement with the United States. The US and Iran are engaging in crunch talks as President Biden attempts to prevent the country from obtaining nuclear weapons. Mr Kazianis also said that China will continue to "push Taiwan" in the coming years, amid growing tension between the two countries. When asked if the West is likely to see increased challenges from countries like North Korea and China as a result of the war in Ukraine, Mr Kazianis said: "Absolutely. "This is a time that countries, who know that the United States are distracted, to really do things that they would be afraid to. "It's not a coincidence that North Korea is more than likely going to test a bigger and badder ICBM probably in the next two days or so if reports are accurate. "I wouldn't be shocked. READ MORE: Kim prepares to make North Korea ‘space power’ with serious escalation "You're going to see the Iranians developing an even bigger weapon and maybe get to ICBMs. "North Korea and Iran actually trade missile technology. "So don't be shocked to see Iran with an ICBM in the next few years, even with a nuclear deal. "You're going to see the Chinese continue to push Taiwan in the south china sea. DON'T MISS: North Korea nuclear fears: Kim testing for first time in years [INSIGHT] North Korea nuclear warning: Alert after activity detected [REVEAL] Kim humiliates Putin after Russia begs for help [REACTION] "What these countries all are is what one scholar calls an authoritarian axis. "They are all starting to work together more and more because all of their interests starting to align. "Which is basically to rip down the international order that the United States built because it's in their interest to do it. He concluded: "So this war in Ukraine is like a cancer. "The longer it goes on, the longer it's untreated, the more of the planet that is going to get infected." So far this year, North Korea has already carried out tests on hypersonic as well as short-range, intermediate-range and long-range ballistic missiles. In January 2021, the country unveiled a new submarine-launched ballistic missile at a military parade, calling it "the world's most powerful weapon".