Manchester United have been warned they are missing three things in comparison to the leading clubs in the Premier League. The Red Devils have endured a disappointing season, with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer paying the price for a run of poor results. While results have improved under Solskjaer’s interim replacement Ralf Rangnick, performances have been mixed. With Arsenal having three games in hand and a one-point lead over United, it also appears they will miss out on a top four place. They can still qualify for the Champions League by winning this season’s edition of the competition, though that would be an unlikely achievement. Even if they did win that trophy, the Red Devils remain some way off Liverpool and Manchester City, the two sides battling for the Premier League title this season. United are 20 points adrift of league leaders City and were left humiliated by their fierce rivals at the Etihad Stadium last week. JUST IN: Man Utd receive huge boost as Ajax believe Erik ten Hag 'will leave' One of the big talking points from that game was the absence of superstar striker Cristiano Ronaldo, who Rangnick claimed was suffering from a hip injury. It was then revealed that the 37-year-old had flown home to Portugal ahead of the game, catching his team-mates by surprise. Rather than an injury though, it has since been reported that Ronaldo opted to miss the game because Rangnick was set to drop him to the bench. And Ronaldo’s reaction to Rangnick’s team selection has only served to highlight the glaring difference between United and the title rivals to Neville. DON'T MISS: Man Utd ‘join transfer race’ for Raphinha with Chelsea on standby (TRANSFERS)Man Utd: Rangnick has three players who need dropping for Atleti tie (INSIGHT)Rangnick is set to unleash a brilliant Man Utd double act for Atletico (NEWS) “The two teams at the top, their managers have got complete control in their clubs. Faith, trust, belief all the way through,” he told Sky Sports. “Pep can leave Sterling out in the derby no one bats an eyelid, brings Grealish in, no one thought it would happen but gets on with it because he’s got complete control, no one questions him. “Manchester United haven’t got that and they haven’t had it for a number of years. “The worst thing about a player being left out and not being happy about it, what I always used to think was is that it’s disrespectful to the players who were left out in the previous week. “You might be playing a lot and then you’ve been left out but what about the players who are on the bench for the last four weeks, that’s disrespectful and I don’t like it.” Ronaldo returned to action in stunning fashion on Saturday, when he scored a hat-trick to ensure United defeated Tottenham. Despite that win, they are no fifth in the Premier League table following Arsenal’s defeat of Leicester on Sunday. And they would appear to have even further to go to regain the three things Neville believes they are missing in faith, trust and belief.