The issue of state pension age changes has been a long-standing one for 1950s-born women. Traditionally, state pension age was 60 for women and 65 for men, but a rise took place which means both sexes now become eligible for the state pension at the same age. Those most palpably impacted by changes are women born in the 1950s who argue they were not given enough time to prepare. Groups such as Women Against State Pension Inequality (WASPI) have brought this issue to the fore in recent years. And it appears the Scottish Government is throwing its support behind the campaign. A recent post on the website of the Scottish National Party (SNP) has heralded the work of the party on “advancing equality for all women and girls”. READ MORE: State pensioners could be due up to £8,900 after ‘shameful shambles'   It referenced Nicola Sturgeon’s position as Scotland’s first female First Minister, as well as the fact the Scottish cabinet is gender-balanced. The devolved government has stated it will remain steadfast in backing so-called WASPI women. Its website reads: “We’ve stood up for the women in Scotland, and across the UK, who have been short-changed by the UK Tory Government due to the accelerated timetable for increases in the women’s state pension age. “Your SNP representatives continue leading the way in supporting the WASPI campaign in their efforts to secure fairness for the women affected – and put this historic wrong right.” DON'T MISSPension warning as you may be set for shock 55% tax [ANALYSIS]State pension: What will you get in retirement? [EXPLAINED]State pension will undergo SIX key changes from next month [UPDATE] In February 2019, Nicola Sturgeon visited Govan to speak with WASPI campaigners. Their protest took place in front of a statue unveiled to commemorate political activist Mary Barbour. At the time, the First Minister said she stood “in solidarity” with the women impacted. She tweeted: “These women are being robbed of their pensions. “We should all demand justice for them.” Currently, the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman (PHSO) is looking into complaints brought forward by a handful of 1950s born women. They have asserted the changes to the state pension age were not amply communicate with them. Last summer, the Ombudsman said it had found “failings” in communication from the DWP from 2005 onwards. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The issue, however, is not over as the PHSO is currently considering whether this maladministration led to “injustice” for those involved. A DWP spokesperson recently told Express.co.uk: “The Government decided over 25 years ago that it was going to make the state pension age the same for men and women as a long-overdue move towards gender equality. "Both the High Court and Court of Appeal have supported the actions of the DWP, under successive Governments dating back to 1995, and the Supreme Court refused the claimants permission to appeal.”