Car S.O.S airs on National Geographic and fans are excited to see Tim Shaw and Fuzz Townshend take on new renovations. Celebrity guests featured in the 10-episode season include football star David Beckham and Sir Paul McCartney. Tim and Fuzz spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how the famous faces had risen to the challenge to help others. One of the nation's favourite car restoration shows returns with a special anniversary treat. In the new series, fans will witness the 100th car to be made over by the pair and it was a huge task. There are plenty of emotional moments throughout the series, including the first episode when Tim and Fuzz meet the family of motorhead, Gerry. Gerry, 55, used to work for Toyota and he lived and breathed cars; his favourite being his Fiat Uno Turbo from 1989. Gerry had planned to restore the car to its former glory, but he fell seriously ill. READ MORE: Emmerdale heartache as history repeats itself in tragic romance twist? Tim explained how he is in the final stages of cancer and his friends and family wanted to fulfil his dream more than anything. He said: "The truth is we were rebuilding a car for someone in the final stages of cancer and it was a rush to get the car done. "He's a guy that's a similar age to me and we got approached by his best friend and wife. "He was a massive football fan and a massive fan of his Uno Turbo. "His wife was explaining how she just wanted to see Gerry smile again, she hadn't seen him smile like that since his diagnosis." Gerry discovered he was suffering from a rare form of blood cancer, leaving him unable to fix up his car. He underwent several months of chemotherapy which initially helped, but sadly it was discovered the cancer had spread to his spine. The pair knew Gerry was a huge fan of football star David Beckham and Tim approached him directly as he knew how important it was to get David on board to fulfil Gerry's dream. He said: "It's lovely to see that David obliged...when you find out the likes of someone like David Beckham regularly watch the show, and what a lovely guy to do a lovely thing for Gerry. "We played a clip of David talking about cars to Gerry and saying 'Hey Gerry, hope you have a good day.' DON'T MISS... All Creatures Great and Small: Helen Alderson radiant in wedding snaps [PHOTOS]  The Repair Shop’s Dominic Chinea addresses 'pressure' behind scenes [INTERVIEW] Amanda Middleditch leaves Repair Shop duo in tears 'How!' [VIDEO] "We wanted to see his wife looking at her husband and seeing the smile she wanted, and feeling young again." He said the pair were "so lucky" to be able to bring some joy to Gerry's life. The series has acted as a form of escapism for people from all walks of life and the hosts explained how it has helped viewers manage conditions such as depression. Fuzz added: "These are people's real lives and real stories. "We take care not to make things intrusive but they are being nominated by friends and family who want good things for them. "The cars are often a good distraction for people who are going through all kinds of stuff. "They can be a real boost and take people out of themselves "It's a privilege to be able to get involved and to help people have good times again."  Car S.O.S returns to National Geographic with season 10 airing Thursdays at 8pm from March 10.