Nick Bullen, a distinguished expert in the Royal family, discussed how the Royal family honoured the loss of the late Prince Philip. Mr Bullen noted Princess Charlotte appeared to be in awe throughout the service and kept looking around as the family paid tribute to the Duke of Edinburgh. He told podcast Royally Us: “Did you notice Charlotte couldn’t stop looking around?  “I don’t think we were expecting the great-grandchildren,” said Mr Bullen as he spoke of how Charlotte stole the show, capturing viewers' attention as she stared around the event in awe. “Charlotte’s eyes were spinning everywhere,” said the expert, as he looked at footage of the young Princess scanning the huge crowd of attendees gathered to remember her great-grandfather. Mr Bullen celebrated the attendance of the great-grandchildren at the memorial service. “It just points to this family event”, he explained, noting that their presence at the memorial demonstrates the close family ties among the royals.    Following the memorial, there are believed to have been “receptions happening at Kensington Palace”. The gathering allowed the family to reconvene after the formal memorial service to support one another as they celebrated the accomplished life of Prince Philip. It was a notable moment for the extended Royal Family as, for much of the last two years, they have been forced to maintain distance from one another in line with covid restrictions. “The fact that covid prevented it from happening before, this is their opportunity to get together,” confirmed Bullen. The occasion, though marked by sadness, had the air of “a celebration” as the family honoured the memory of Prince Philip with fondness. Read more: Queen packs day with seven engagements as she honours Philip's aides    Of the atmosphere at the memorial, Bullen said “people were chatting, people were laughing, people were smiling” and the occasion appeared to have a joyous tone. Bullen said the Royal gathering “did feel like a celebration”. The presence of the young Royals, Prince George and Princess Charlotte, is sure to have lifted the spirits of many attending the ceremony. He added: “It felt like a thanksgiving, it didn’t feel like a very sad funeral”. Don't miss:Princess Charlotte and George 'kept secure' by parents' gestures [INSIGHT]Loving support as Queen bids farewell to Philip - EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT]Princess Charlotte melts hearts as she shares adorable interaction [VIDEO]     Many will remember the scenes from the funeral of Prince Phillip in April 2021. Her Majesty, the Queen, was forced to sit alone and wear a mask during the service for her late husband. The scenes from the memorial service are far brighter, the Queen surrounded by family from all over the world who have travelled to attend the event. The life of Prince Philip was kindly remembered by over 1,800 attendees to the memorial service and many more who watched the live stream of the Royal event.   