Grace (played by Kate Spencer) made her return to Coronation Street on Monday evening as she came back to celebrate her daughter, Glory's first birthday. Although Michael Bailey (Ryan Russell) was pleased to see her, his parents Aggie Bailey (Lorna Laidlaw) and Ed Bailey (Trevor Michael Georges) were less than happy to see the troublemaker. As the couple discussed what they could do to ensure she never darkens their door again, Aggie made a sinister comment which could indicate she is going to go to extreme lengths to stop Grace blackmailing them on the ITV soap. Strolling back into the picture, Grace made it seem as if she was the one in charge, telling Michael he'd got the wrong colour dress for their daughter to wear at her birthday party. The troublemaker hasn't been since before Christmas, meaning the child's father has been raising her on his own for several months. But it soon became clear Grace wasn't back to see Glory as she wanted to get more money out of Aggie and Ed, who originally paid her £20,000 to leave the cobbles and never return. Yet, she is back and she demanded they pay her another £10,000 so she could enjoy a life of luxury for another couple of months. However, with their finances tight and barely keeping their heads above water, the couple were worried they would not be able to pay her off this time around. READ MORE: 'I just love it' Brenda Blethyn shares future plans for playing Vera The pair met at the bistro where they tried to think of alternative means to get rid of Grace, ones that would not leave them bankrupt. "Michael said Grace took back the dress he bought," Aggie remarked, with Ed telling her: "Yes and I bet he won't see a penny of that refund." "We should flaming well invoice her," his wife continued before he stated he was considering giving Grace the money. "We could always take it out of what we pay her," Ed declared, which is when Aggie made a rather menacing threat towards the mother of her granddaughter. "Pay her? I would rather spend all our money on a hitman," she said - does this suggest she is going to order Grace's death? The troublemaker doesn't have any family around her and no one has ever come to visit her since she turned up on the cobbles in 2019. If Grace were to disappear, there would be no questions asked other than Michael possibly quizzing his parents about where she has gone to. They would be able to spin a tale about the mother of one moving abroad as she didn't want to confuse Glory by coming in and out of her life. Looking to the future, the couple would hope their deadly secret would remain harboured so they never had to deal with the consequences of their actions. However, secrets don't stay secret for long in Weatherfield so it would only be a matter of time before Michael found out the truth. DON'T MISS...'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown [COMMENT]Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure [ANALYSIS]Corrie star Susie Blake explains why she hasn’t dated since 2000 [COMMENT] He would be livid to discover Aggie ordered Grace's death and his father went along with it so they wouldn't have to pay her any more money. Michael would have to think long and hard about whether he reported his parents to the police or if he remained quiet. As they wouldn't have killed her themselves, the hitman would be keeping a close eye on them to ensure he wasn't involved in any criminal charges. Seeing Michael could become a serious problem, he could approach the father of one with a warning to stay quiet or else. With the beloved character being blackmailed in the midst of a death storyline, will his life ever be the same again? As they continued their conversation about Grace at the bistro, Ed said: "We've got no choice [but to pay her], Aggie, you know that. "If we don't come up with the money, she is going to tell Michael what we did and he is never going to speak to us again." "So, how are we meant to find this money?" Aggie asked her husband, who was none the wiser about how they could deal with their problem. Therefore, resorting to using a hitman could be looking more likely over the coming weeks to keep their life intact. It is not yet known how long Grace will be sticking around for this time following her exit from the show in December. If it is a shorter run than last time, her death being the conclusion of her story could spark a bigger storyline for the Bailey family. The actress who plays Grace, Kate, has reprised the role for Glory's birthday plot but she has given no indication as to how long she is going to be staying. Speaking of her exit back in December, Kate wrote on Twitter: "Grace Vickers: Babies, blackmail, fraud, prison, labour and slamming many a door. "A hell of a lot of bad choices. But a hell of a lot of fun to play. "Thanks @itvcorrie, 10 year old me would never have believed it. It's been a privilege to be a small part of your story #corrie," she concluded. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.