Deep Water is based on Patricia Highsmith’s novel of the same name and is about to have its digital release. Starring Ben Affleck and Ana de Armas, the leads began a real-life relationship on set that eventually ended at the start of 2021. The film was initially set to premiere in cinemas on January 14, 2022 but a last-minute decision was made to drop in on streaming services instead. Deep Water will premiere on Amazon Prime in the UK on Friday, March 18, 2022. The service typically drops new content between midnight and 8am, so eager fans will have to keep their eyes peeled for it in the morning. For audiences in the USA, it will be streaming on Hulu, which is not available in the UK. Both services offer a seven-day free trial to users that are new to the platform. READ MORE: Obi-Wan Kenobi trailer has Star Wars The Phantom Menace connection Ben Affleck and Ana de Armas are leading the cast as Vic and Medina Van Allen. The pair were dating throughout the shoot, so the steamy scenes are more realistic than audiences may first expect. They eventually split in early 2021, but their chemistry throughout the film still shines through the screen. Joining them is Tracy Letts as Lionel, Rachel Blanchard as Maggie, Lil Rel Howery as Nash, Finn Wittrock as Dom, Jacob Elordi as Terry, Dash Mihok as Arthur, Kristen Connelly as Jackie and Jade Fernandez as Evelyn Cowan. The film is directed by Adrian Lyne who has returned to filmmaking for the first time in 20 years. He is best known for the films Fatal Attraction, Unfaithful and Indecent Proposal. Speaking to the Independent, Lyne admitted: “It’s a very bizarre movie – certainly the strangest that I’ve done. I was anxious [about Deep Water]. People tend to want to take out the bumps in the script, whereas the bumps are always what’s most interesting.” Critics are certainly divided on the film, with it currently sitting at 44 percent on Rotten Tomatoes from 80 reviews. The Los Angeles Times loved it though, writing: “Notably and refreshingly, Lyne largely seems to have purged himself of the moralistic streak that’s often marred his work; for the first time in a long time, he’s enjoying his characters’ awfulness rather than damning them for it.” Indiewire added: “Not only does this delirious movie find [director Adrian Lyne] swan-diving back into the same fetid lap pool of envy, lust, and psychosexual control where he used to swim laps every morning, it finds that he’s basically got an entire lane to himself.” However, Entertainment Weekly was less favourable, stating: “Deep Water isn't really thrilling or erotic, but it accomplishes a kind of diagonal camp sincerity, plummeting its glamorous characters into ever-tawdrier situations.” While Screen Rant added: “The end result isn't very compelling. Deep Water is a dull and bland thriller held back by a weak script that even Affleck and de Armas can't save.” DON'T MISS...Johnny Depp got Edward Scissorhands after Top Gun star 'questions' [INSIGHT]Harry Potter star challenges Marvel over playing X-Men hero [EXPLAINER]Doctor Strange 2: Benedict Cumberbatch shoots down Avengers hopes [INSIGHT] The film is based on Patricia Highsmith’s novel of the same name. The author also wrote The Talented Mr Ripley, Carol and Strangers on a Train. The official synopsis reads: "Ben Affleck and Ana de Armas star as Vic and Melinda Van Allen, an affluent New Orleans couple whose marriage is crumbling under the weight of resentment, jealousy, and mistrust. As their mutual provocations and mind games escalate, things quickly turn into a deadly game of cat and mouse as Melinda’s extramarital dalliances start going missing. With sizzling and complex performances from Ben Affleck and Ana de Armas and helmed by one of the most celebrated filmmakers of the genre, Deep Water marks the return of the A-list erotic thriller, grabbing your attention from the start and refusing to let go as you discover just how far a person will go." Deep Water is available to watch in the UK on Amazon Prime from March 18 