Everton boss Frank Lampard has questioned whether his players have the ‘b*******’ to take on their Premier League survival mission after their dismal 4-0 FA Cup thrashing at Crystal Palace. The Toffees enjoyed a good start in their cup quarter-final but fell apart after going behind at Selhurst Park.  Goals by Marc Guehi, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Wilfried Zaha and Will Hughes condemned Everton to an embarrassing defeat. Lampard and his players were booed off by the travelling Everton support. The end of their FA Cup run means Everton’s sole focus is now remaining in the top-flight. Lampard’s side are 17th in the Premier League and only three points above 18th-placed Watford. The Chelsea icon has gone in hard on his stars, insisting there is only so much he can protect them. The 43-year-old then asked if they have the ‘B*******’ to fight for the club’s top-flight status. JUST IN: Man Utd tipped to make 'radical' Cristiano Ronaldo transfer decision “It's been an issue for quite a long time before I got here. To get inside people's heads and change that at the flick of a switch is not possible - as frustrating as it is for me, and the 4,000 fans who followed us here,” Lampard said post-match. “There is only so much time you can keep buttering someone up to give them confidence. You’re playing at the cut-throat end of football here. This is a quarter-final to get to Wembley and if you haven’t got the confidence to play, you can quickly flip it and say ‘Have you got the b******* to play?’ Excuse me, but that’s the football reality." DON'T MISS...Chelsea woes increase as 'next Lampard' is wanted by Inter and JuveLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp hits back at criticism over cup recordBrentford star Ivan Toney mocks club AGAIN in bizarre interview Lampard inherited a team low on confidence following some poor form under unpopular former boss Rafa Benitez. He has struggled to turn around the club’s form. And Lampard ominously conceded some of the mistakes made by his players in the defeat by Palace and in the 5-0 bashing at Tottenham earlier this month are ‘intrinsic’ and ‘cultural. “Huge. Some of the things I’ve seen out there and in our last away game (5-0 loss at Tottenham) are intrinsic. They’re in the culture and the don’t turn with a flick of a switch. “They change with a lot of hard work and character. I’m up for that and I believe the players are up for that. They have to show that in games and they have to show reactions in games to do things better.”    