The symptoms of vitamin B12 deficiency can develop slowly and worsen over time. Some symptoms may be experienced by people who have a vitamin B12 deficiency without anaemia. Some people may experience no symptoms, despite low levels of vitamin B12. How can a B12 deficiency effect your mood, thoughts, feelings and behaviour? According to Ada, early vitamin B12 symptoms may include: READ MORE: Taking too much vitamin B12? Your hands and feet can signal you're overdoing supplements In a study published in the National Library of Health, vitamin B12 supplementation for preventing onset and improving prognosis of depression was further looked at. “Over 264 million individuals suffer from depression across the world,” began the study. “Depression is one of the most commonly occurring mental health disorders occurring in adults and children.” Numerous studies are being performed to determine the relationship between Vitamin B12 and depression, and if supplementation of Vitamin B12 can slow the progression of depression or prevent it.  Some studies have shown positive effects on patients with depression when supplementation of Vitamin B12 is implemented. “Deficiency of Vitamin B12 can result in haematological changes, neurological and psychiatric problems, which can manifest as irritability, changes in personality, depression, and memory loss. “It is also known to worsen depression by excitotoxic reactions caused by the accumulation of homocysteine.” It concluded: “Based on the reviewed studies, it was found that although there is no concrete evidence showing positive effects of Vitamin B12 on depression or depressive symptoms, the lower levels of vitamin B12 in the body are associated with a higher risk of developing depression.” If left untreated, the symptoms of vitamin B12 deficiency tend to worsen and irreversible problems involving the nerves and brain may develop. The risk of experiencing a number of serious complications, including heart failure, may also increase. For this reason, it is important to seek medical advice without delay should any of these symptoms be present. The NHS said: "See a GP if you're experiencing symptoms of vitamin B12 or folate deficiency anaemia. "These conditions can often be diagnosed based on your symptoms and the results of a blood test." Early diagnosis and treatment is needed to improve symptoms and to prevent irreversible changes.