Steve Beasant, the North East Lincolnshire deputy mayor and East Marsh ward councillor, said Phil Beasant won't be able to redeem himself. Phil Beasant, a heroin addict, was banned from being within 100 metres of the family home in June last year, Grimsby Live says. But a court heard he breached this multiple times, often in search of money for drugs. The drug addict punched his brother Ian repeatedly and also burgled the family home after breaching a court order which banned him from the address. His mum Carol suffered a stroke since the trauma.    Speaking after the case, the defendant's father said: "He is no longer my son. No apology will change this. "These incidents have made me feel very concerned for me and my wife. I do not know how much longer we can take it."  Beasant breached the order 19 other times, including on an occasion when he demanded money from his mother and took her purse with bank cards to use for two transactions of £36.09 and £44.49.  He was jailed for three years and four months on Friday at Grimsby Crown Court. Sentencing, Recorder Gavin Doig said: "You will have caused considerable upset by your behaviour . You said you do not want to be like this and I hope you receive help in custody. I do not underestimate the difficulties you face. "I accept you are remorseful and glad to hear you are seeking help."   Speaking from the home in Grimsby, Steve Beasant added: "He deserves everything he got. It is Carol who has been through hell and back. She had a stroke. It is a sad state of affairs. "We have struggled with this for a long time. He was extremely good at school but was being bullied a lot. That led to problems and no matter what we did, he would not have it. "I feel sorry for any other parents who go through similar situations. We need to do more, not just for the drug users but their families too. It is a blight on the East Marsh and the whole of the borough. Something needs to happen. How many other families have lost thousands of pounds and struggled with addiction in the family? It is very difficult. I do not recognise him anymore. For his mother it has been traumatic. An apology won't change things. "If he were to change and he has got a good chance when he is in prison, which is the best place for him, we would not welcome him back with open arms, but there might possibly be some sort of reconciliation. The ball is in his court. "We are not the only family. There are many who have been through the same journey and they come from all walks of life." The defendant, a former factory worker, pleaded guilty to burglary, theft and assault. He admitted two further offences of fraud having obtained his mother's bank cards. Katherine White, prosecuting, Beasant called at the home on one occasion to find it locked and used a concrete block to smash a window. He climbed through it and again took bank cards to purchase items to a similar amount as before. He was later arrested and told police he was addicted to drugs and needed a fix, the prosecutor said. Miss White said following the offences last year, the mother always drew the curtains at home and the stress was "having a detrimental effect on her health" and she never left the home.  Nicola Quinney, defending, said her client had made full admissions of his offending. She said he had spent seven years out of the criminal justice system and had regular work in factories. "It was a heroin addiction that led to this. "He was introduced to heroin by his partner. Ironically she rid herself of her drug addiction, but he has not managed to do that," said the defence barrister.  