In a recent Antiques Roadshow episode, auctioneer Steven valued the old blanket which had been in the guest's family for generations. As the ceramics enthusiast examined the fabrics, he explained how old the blanket was and quickly warned the owner of the colourful quilt never to allow it to be machine-washed as he gave an impressive valuation on the hit BBC weekend show. "As this is blowing in the wind, I'm reminded of back lanes of washing in my youth," he stated while observing the large blanket. He asked the guest who brought it along: "Is it a family piece?" "It is, yes," she replied. "It's been handed down the family through my mother's side of the family, from I think her great-great-grandparents, who were farmers in Northumberland." Steven explained: "These are works of folk art. They're not just bedspreads. READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up "These are amazing documents of the textiles of the time, this is what we would call a chintz quilt. "So, it's chintz furnishing fabric, which would have been glazed originally." The expert added: "The fabrics date from the 1790s right up to the 1820s, when this was made. "These would have been very expensive pieces of dress fabric. "Sometimes old pieces reused, sometimes the larger pieces, new pieces. "If you were to try and go out and buy another one, you'd need £1,500 to buy it." Clearly not expecting the quilt to be worth so much, the guest replied: "Wow." Emphasising the high value, Steven instantly warned the guest to keep it in good condition. DON'T MISS... BBC viewers plead for Clive Myrie to leave Kyiv as rivals exit [LATEST]Amanda Middleditch leaves Repair Shop duo in tears 'How!' [VIDEO]Call The Midwife bosses open up on 'dark' and 'difficult' series [VIDEO] "Definitely don't put it in the washing machine," he informed her. "No, better not, better not," she answered, laughing and still appearing shocked by the price. Pointing towards her pet dog she'd brought along, she added: "And don't let the dog lie on it either!" The episode, which originally aired last week, was filmed in Northumberland. Steeped in history, guests in the area were keen to get their items valued at an ancient monument. Fiona Bruce hosted the episode from what used to be Woodhorn Colliery, which was built in 1894. "Buildings like this were once a common sight," she explained. "Particularly here in the north-east. Today, it's a rare survivor." Antiques Roadshow continues on Sunday at 7pm on BBC One.