Nick Kyrgios has reacted to a point won by Alexander Bublik with his racket upside down. The Kazakh was playing sixth seed Casper Ruud when he left the crowd aghast by returning the ball with the handle of his racket, eventually winning the point. Like Kyrgios, Bublik is known for hitting an abundance of trick shots during his matches and it was no different when he faced the sixth seed at the Miami Open on Sunday. At 0-4 down in the second set having already lost the first, the world No 33 had a game point to finally get himself on the scoreboard and attempted a bizarre shot against Ruud. As Ruud fired his return into the air, Bublik stood in his half of the court looking for the ball before making a dash to the net when he saw it about to land in. As he ran forward he turned his racket upside down, holding it at the head and managing to hit a near-perfect drop shot with the handle. The world No 8 managed to get the ball back but Bublik won the point on an overhead smash to get on the board for the first time in the second set. The crowd were in awe as the commentators were left in stitches and the 24-year-old retreated to his bench with a big smile on his face. Despite wowing the spectators with his upside down trickshot, Bublik went on to win only one more game as Ruud sealed a 6-3 6-2 victory in just 58 minutes. JUST IN: Azarenka storms off court and quits match while losing to 16-year-old  The 30th seed was still in good spirits at the end of the match, wishing his opponent luck for his future rounds as he told Ruud: “You played well today”. The Norwegian responded by telling Bublik he would end up on ATP platform Tennis TV’s social media for his trick shots during the match, laughing as he said: “At least you have two or three hot shots so you will be on TennisTV like always.” And Ruud wasn’t wrong, with Bublik’s unorthodox upside down shot hitting social media shortly after the match. The footage of his winning rally using the racket handle was even noticed by another master of trickshots and Tennis TV highlight-reel favourite, Nick Kyrgios. DON'T MISSMurray's thoughts on Ivan Lendl training block after Medvedev lossDjokovic given French Open advantage over Nadal in Grand Slam raceRaducanu branded 'princess' as former No 1 appears to take aim at Brit  The Aussie himself had played a relatively tame match against Fabio Fognini on Sunday to advance to the round-of-16 6-2 6-4, hitting just one of his trademark underarm serves. But he was quick to notice Bublik’s new shot, responding to one of the videos saying: “That’s crazy”. Kyrgios had admitted his strategy against the also-fiery Fognini was to keep his head down which proved successful as he took just an hour to oust the 31st seed but said after the match he enjoyed some of his more entertaining performances. “I definitely probably enjoy the ones where I’m having a bit of fun and hitting some trick shots but Fabio hit some absolute laser-beam forehands today which made me look pretty bad,” he laughed. 