A senior FIA figure has admitted the radical new designs in F1 cars 'exceeded' what he expected during the three days of pre-season testing in Bahrain. With brand new technical regulations being introduced into the sport this season, designed to make racing more competitive, an intriguing campaign lies ahead as drivers get to grip with their adapted cars. Prior to heading to the Middle East, teams had undergone a first round of testing in Barcelona in February, and ahead of the opening Grand Prix this weekend one of the major talking points has been the contrasting approach to sidepod designs. In particular, Mercedes are sporting a radical slimline solution on Lewis Hamilton's car, a design which initially prompted complaints from Red Bull boss Christian Horner. He branded the design "illegal" and argued the Silver Arrows had gone "a step too far," but has since backed down from the claims. However, the design has continued to turn heads, and Nikolas Tombazis, the FIA's head of single-seater matters, admitted that, while leeway was left for teams, certain approaches surprised him. "If you asked me whether I expected to see the variety of the solutions that teams produced in the sidepods, then no, that exceeded what I was imagining, I must say," he told motorsport.com. However, Tombazis added that it was the area where regulations weren't so stringent. JUST IN: McLaren handed major boost ahead of season opener as Daniel Ricciardo recovers from Covid  "We did consciously free up the sidepods more than we did other areas," he continued."We could easily have written rules for the sidepods that would have been all the same if we wanted to. "We didn't do that because we felt it was an opportunity. So in that respect, that wasn't totally random that happened with the sidepods." The 53-year-old, who has been in his role since March 2018, did also praise teams for working "really hard on the regulations like one would expect them to do." DON'T MISS:Martin Brundle brutally dismisses Max Verstappen's Red Bull team-mate Sergio PerezLando Norris thought he could have been forced out after first season - 'Is this the end'Lando Norris opens up on pressures of first F1 season - 'Am I good enough?’    Despite his eye-catching new W13 car, Hamilton was left concerned by how testing went, saying afterwards he didn't think Mercedes would be competing for wins in the early races. Indeed, it was world champion Max Verstappen, and Ferrari rivals Carlos Sainz and Charles Leclerc, who impressed the most. A new era for F1 will get underway this weekend at the Bahrain Grand Prix in Sakhir. The event will be the first of a record breaking 23 race season.