Haas are reportedly yet to make contact with the "ideal" partner for Mick Schumacher in the upcoming season despite Nikita Mazepin's future being up in the air. The 22-year-old's seat with the team has been insecure ever since Russia launched its invasion of Ukraine on February 24. The invasion led to widespread criticism and condemnation of Vladimir Putin, and those closest to him in the Russian regime. Several mega-rich Russians have been targeted for sanctions and other criticism by the western world, with one of those under scrutiny being the racer's father Dmitry Mazepin. All traces of the fertiliser firm Uralkali – Haas' title sponsor and the company co-owned by Mazepin Snr – were removed from the 2022 car last week after intense pressure from fans. Mazepin was even under the threat of being banned from racing, thought the FIA confirmed on Tuesday that would not happen. At an emergency meeting of the World Motor Sport Council, it was decided that Russian athletes can continue to race. JUST IN: F1 praised for cancelling Russian GP while FIFA branded 'shameful' However, they will not be allowed to do so under the Russian flag, while their national anthems and all other national symbols are also banned. That means the Russian colours will not be returning to the Haas livery and, though, Uralkali is yet to be officially dropped as a sponsor, that move is expected within the coming days. That is one of the reasons why, despite the green light from the FIA for Mazepin to continue racing, his future in F1 remains far from secure. As well as the loss of his father's sponsorship money – one of the main reasons why he was given the seat in the first place – there is also an issue surrounding his ability to travel throughout the season. DON'T MISS:George Russell shuts down Red Bull mind games after Mercedes claimMercedes told 'easiest solution' to Hamilton and Russell troublesToto Wolff's 'significant' Mercedes fears answered by Michael Andretti Because of the west's condemnation of Russia and sanctions imposed, as well as his father's relationship with Putin, Mazepin may struggle to get a visa to enter some countries. Those uncertainties are perhaps part of the reason why Haas chose to remain tight-lipped immediately after the FIA's statement was made public. "At this time we decline to comment," was the team's brief message after the World Motor Sport Council announced its decision that Mazepin would be allowed to race. If he were to be replaced, then as the reserve driver Pietro Fittipaldi would be a reasonable choice to fill his seat. If not, then German outlet Bild advocates for the signing of Nico Hulkenberg, who hasn't been a permanent driver since 2019 but has kept his skin in the game as a reserve for Aston Martin. Bild's argument in favour of the 34-year-old is that he already has plenty of experience in the sport, and that he will be able to pass that on to young Schumacher in only his second season as an F1 driver. However, the German newspaper also reports that Haas have yet to make contact with Hulkenberg. Other potential replacements could be Antonio Giovinazzi, who was replaced at Alfa Romeo over the winter by Guanyu Zhou, and F2 champion Oscar Piastri who was unable to secure a drive for 2022.