Ex-Manchester City star Danny Mills has expressed fear over the impact five Manchester United players could make in Sunday's highly-anticipated derby. Whilst United grip onto their top-four hopes after a dismal draw to Watford last weekend, Man City face increasing pressure from Liverpool in the Premier League title race. Ralf Rangnick's side will travel to the Etihad Stadium with confidence, despite facing frustration last time out, after a recent flurry of impressive results away at their city rivals. The Red Devils have lost just one of their last seven games at the Etihad, winning five of them. That run includes the last three in all competitions, with former boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer never tasting defeat at the ground. And despite Man City heading into the derby as favourites again, especially after a comfortable 2-0 win at Old Trafford in the reverse fixture, Mills expects a tough day at the office. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel makes Granovskaia plea Ahead of the derby clash, he has pinpointed five 'big-game players' at United's disposal who could cause Man City an 'issue' at the Etihad. He told Genting Casino: "My head says that Manchester City should win this comfortably because of the way that they play, the way that they dominate the ball. "But there is always an issue in that Manchester United have big-game players. Bruno Fernandes, Cavani, Ronaldo, obviously. Sancho could step up, Pogba has done it before. "These are all players that thrive on games at the highest level, and they will see this as one of the biggest games, if not the biggest game of the season for them, playing in the Manchester Derby. READ MORE: Man Utd skipper Harry Maguire 'upsets team-mates' "Now if they all bring it, and they all turn up and put in a performance, it's going to be tough for Manchester City." Mills emphasised United's threat through individual quality but has tipped Pep Guardiola's side to have too much on Sunday. He continued: "They could make it very, very difficult – this is what you don't know about Manchester United – they have fantastic individuals. "And they have some big game players that probably prefer playing against Manchester City, Liverpool, rather than against Watford, Burnley and Norwich. "I think Manchester United will bring it. It's whether enough of the players bring it on the day. "I expect City to win 3-1 something like that, but the caveat to that is United have some very special, incredibly talented players, and if they turn up, they can easily turn Manchester City over." Guardiola has lost four home games against United in his career, more than he has versus any opponent. United's woes this season aside, with Liverpool right on Man City's tails in the title hunt, they are one of the last teams the Catalan coach will want to come up against in the run-in. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.