Series 16 of The Apprentice concluded this week, with Harpreet Kaur selected as Lord Sugar's newest business partner. It came after this year's finalists were whittled down after last week's brutal interview round. Hotel manager Brittany Carter revealed all when she spoke to Express.co.uk and other media, and labelled business executive Claude Littner as the "scariest" of Lord Sugar's aides. Each year, the final five - or in this year's case, final four - candidates dread having their business plans ripped apart by several of Lord Sugar's advisers. Brittany was asked who the "scariest" person was, and explained the show's regular Claude made her particularly "nervous". "The person that I was most nervous was definitely Claude," she replied. "I think because he wasn't shadowing us throughout the time, we didn't really have that relationship with him. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5: Kayce Dutton to die after Luke Grimes clue? "And I knew that he was going to be the one that was really going to be scrutinising the numbers and the data. "Because he is so close to Lord Sugar, you just want to really give the best impression to him. "So I think walking into Claude I was particularly nervous. But you know, all of them are very, very intense. "So I think every single one you have to make sure that you are prepared for what's ahead!" Talking about the most brutal interviewer, Brittany continued: "It's really funny because Linda [Plant] is obviously renowned and known for being quite brutal. "But when I went into her interview, she's almost talking so much at you and criticising so much you don't really have the opportunity to speak back. "But when you're in an interview with Mike [Soutar], he will give you very, very difficult questions posed to you. "And then he'll stop you have to answer so that actually made it a lot more intense because he really, really puts you on the spot. DON'T MISS... BBC viewers slam Grant Shapps for calling for P&O boss to resign [REACTION]EastEnders star Letitia Dean’s transformation leaves fans stunned [LATEST]The Apprentice candidate talks 'making history' in final [EXCLUSIVE] "You think that you have thought of every possible question that they could ask or every single critique they could face you, but no, they always find stuff that you were not expecting." Brittany admitted with hindsight, she would have done things differently in the process. "When I watched it back, I just wish that I hadn't allowed myself to be so nervous and kind of feel the pressure so much," she explained. "If it was now, I would have been so much more powerful and confident with my answers. "But I think I just really allowed the pressure to get to me and that's kind of my biggest regret from this. "When I'm watching back now, I'm like, 'I would have answered this, this and this' and I would have been really powerful and kind of not allowed the pressure to impact my responses." In yesterday's final, Harpreet became Lord Sugar's business partner. It came after she and Kathryn Burn battled it out in the final, with former candidates returning to assist the pair. The Apprentice is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.