Russia will block the photo and video platform from Monday after its parent company Meta relaxed its stance on hate speech aimed at Vladimir Putin and the Russian Army. The Mark Zuckerberg-owned company confirmed this week it would allow posts calling for acts of violence aimed at Putin in light of Ukraine's recent invasion, sparking the furious reaction of the Russian leader. News of Instagram's incoming ban was greeted with tears from an influencer from Russia, where the social media platform is extremely popular among younger generations. In footage shared by Nexta, a Twitter account sharing video insight on Russia and Belarus' reaction to the invasion, the influencer said: "Do you still think that for me as an Instagram influencer this is [a] source of income? "To me it's just – it's all life. "It's the soul. It's the one with which I wake up, fall asleep, f**king five years in a row." The distraught Instagram user told her supporters she was in the first stage of grief over the upcoming ban READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG In addition to the ban, Putin is also seeking to designate Meta as an "extremist organisation." The ban will affect Instagram, Facebook, and WhatsApp. Former deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg, who now serves as Meta's President of Global Affairs, insisted allowing Ukrainians to incite acts of violence against the Russian Army is protected by people's right to speech. In a statement shared on Twitter, Mr Clegg said: "The fact is, if we applied our standard content policies without any adjustments we would now be removing content from ordinary Ukrainians expressing their resistance and fury at the invading military forces, which would right be viewed as unacceptable. READ MORE: Putin on brink: 'Symbolic' move to hammer in final nail of dictatorship: 'Massive impact' "We have no quarrel with the Russian people. "There is no change at all in our policies on hate speech as far as the Russian people are concerned. "We will not tolerate Russophobia or any kind of discrimination, harassment, or violence towards Russians on our platform." DON'T MISS Musk humiliates Putin after Russia threaten to block US from old tech [REPORT] EU masterplan to CUT Russia's gas tipped to 'backfire' [INSIGHT] How to live longer: Scientists REVERSE ageing in elderly mice [REVEAL] Duma Chairman Vyacheslav Volodin said in a post on VKontakte, Russia's answer to Facebook: "They should think about how they are using these platforms. "They incite hatred, and even more, they call for the murder of Russian citizens." In addition to Meta, Moscow has also cracked down on tech companies, including Twitter, which said it is restricted in the country, during its so-called "special operation" in Ukraine. Dmitry Rogozin, head of Russia's space agency Roskosmos, had deleted his Facebook profile, news agency RIA Novosti reported on Friday.