Newcastle captain Jamaal Lascelles has credited three of the club's January recruits for the major role they've played in turning the Magpies season around. The club have propelled themselves away from the relegation zone after stringing together a nine-match unbeaten run under Eddie Howe. Newcastle were in deep trouble before Howe succeeded Steve Bruce back in November. The Magpies were languishing in the drop zone; just weeks after they became the wealthiest club in the world after their Saudi-backed owners wrapped up a £305million takeover. Howe was given a handsome winter warchest in a bid to galvanise the Magpies' beleaguered squad. Newcastle spent more than £90m in January, bringing in five new players in a bid to ward off the threat of relegation. And Lascelles - who has already played his part in previous Premier League survival bids on Tyneside - has credited the likes of Kieran Trippier, Dan Burn and Chris Wood for the role they've played in leading the club to safety both on and off the pitch. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Klopp granted Premier League wish over five-sub rule As well as crediting Newcastle's new boys, Lascelles has also commended Howe for overseeing the "shift in mentality" that the club desperately needed to turn their woeful form around. Lascelles told The Daily Mail: "There’s been times here, years here, where I’ve found it difficult, trying to keep the dressing-room together, keep relationships, keep things positive. But now, when you’ve got five, six or seven players doing that, it just makes my job so much easier. We’ve got a great bunch, there is no negativity. "Before, there is moaning about this and moaning about that. Everyone knows now just to nip it in the bud, even if there’s a bit of grumbling. That can be quite a negative thing in the dressing-room and can cause upset. "A lot of the stuff I do isn't necessarily on the pitch, it's on the training ground. You look at the bigger teams back in the day, like at Man United, they’d have a group of players, lieutenants. I think we’ve got that now, a leadership group. "The new players have added to what was already here. The manager was smart about that. He went for players who are good in the dressing-room. Leaders. Chris Wood, a great guy off the pitch. Kieran Tripper, leader. Dan Burn, leader. Matt Targett, you’re talking well-established players. "And then you’ve got Bruno, who has got the quality and has mixed with the South American boys. The manager knows exactly what he’s doing. The shift in mentality is down to him."