It was confirmed in December Ms Kuenssberg was stepping down as Political Editor after almost seven years in the role. Political Editor of the BBC is widely considered one of the hardest jobs in the industry. It is also one which receives a great deal of attention. So it is no surprise there is a lot of interest in who will step up for the job next. It is, perhaps, also unsurprising that those tipped for the position are all female, given it is widely reported the BBC was keen to create to get a woman in the role (for the first time) the last time around. In 2015, other potential candidates reportedly included both then and now BBC News Special Correspondent Lucy Manning and then Newsnight Political Editor Allegra Stratton, who later took up work in Downing Street before tearfully resigning amid what was dubbed ‘Partygate’. Ms Kuenssberg was, of course, eventually chosen to replace Nick Robinson. More than half a decade on, she said it had been “incredible to occupy the chair during a time of such huge change”. This time, the two female candidates reported to be the favourites to take the reigns are both currently with different broadcasters. Sky News’s Sophy Ridge and ITV’s Anushka Asthana are understood to be frontrunners in the race, according to the Times. The paper said second-round interviews are being conducted on Friday. READ MORE: P&O fury as 'ZERO French staff fired' despite all UK staff going Pippa Crerar, Political Editor at the Daily Mirror, is tipped as another potential candidate. So too is Alex Forsyth, the BBC’s out-of-London political correspondent. It remains unconfirmed whether this shortlist is all female for the sole purpose the BBC wishes the role to continue to be held by a woman or because the broadcaster believes these candidates to be the most suitable, irrespective of sex. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] Some candidates have already dropped out of the race. These include Jon Sopel, the BBC’s former North America Editor. He, alongside Emily Maitlis, moved away from the BBC and settled into a new Global radio role last month. But Mr Sopel was, according to the Times, until then considered “the man to beat”. Ms Kuenssberg will leave her role behind next month, in April.