Alan Titchmarsh welcomed Good Morning Britain host Kate Garraway onto his ITV series, Love Your Garden on Tuesday night as he looked to transform his backyard into a stunning kitchen. Kate also opened up about creating her own health and well-being garden to suit the changing needs of her husband and two children, Billy and Darcey. After Derek's contracted COVID-19, Kate wanted to create three separate beds in her garden to help with health and wellbeing. She created a medicinal bed, an aromatherapy bed and one with plants that could be used in tea. However, before the transformation had even begun, the GMB host detailed how she coped when Derek was in a coma. "I think the last year and a half has been very tough for everyone," she began. "And our challenges has been my husband, Derek got very sick in March 2020." READ MORE: Alexander Vlahos age: How old is Outlander’s Allan Christie star? She continued: "For a long period he was in hospital in a coma and we were here in the garden on our own not knowing whether he'd live or die, trying to manage that fear. "It made me view the garden in a whole different way." As they showed a clip of Derek and Kate sitting in the garden, the Life Stories presenter added: "He's now home but still very unwell, so we want to make the garden into something more than just a space to be. "I really want to grow some plants that will actually improve our health and wellbeing." Towards the end of the programme, Kate unveiled the garden transformation to Derek and her children. "This is your area," Kate told her husband before adding: "This has been so much more than I thought it was going to be. "I've taken the garden which is a place of family fun and turned it into something that can suit the way our family has to live now. "If you look past the initial beauty of the plants it can give you so much more and I can't wait to do more now." DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly red-faced as Mr Motivator demands apology [VIDEO]Tipping Point fans distracted by player's 'odd' name for machine [REACTION]Vera star opens up on rejection by TV bosses [INSIGHT] "I don't think I've proved that you can grow yourself well, but I think I've definitely learned you can grow yourself happier," the mum-of-two said. Kate's husband spent 374 days in hospital after contracting coronavirus in March 2020. Almost two years on, the former lobbyist still requires round-the-clock care. According to Kate, Derek now sleeps up to 20 hours a day and she even wakes up every two hours at night to help his carers move him around their bed. While Derek is no longer infected with coronavirus, it has damaged his internal organs. In February, Kate gave viewers an insight into what life is like for her family at home with her documentary Kate Garraway: Caring for Derek. During the ITV programme, Kate revealed she flew out to Mexico with Derek to look into a specialist treatment trial for him. "I think actually there’s a huge amount of hope for him to improve," Kate said in the show. "I think the treatment could be positive. I want to be slightly careful about saying too much because I’m aware everybody will go, ‘What is the trial?’" Love Your Garden airs on Tuesday at 8pm on ITV.