The idea that Nessie is a symbol of England's domination over Scotland will be taught in schools north of the border. Youngsters are to be taught that class played a part in creating the legend and stories about the mysterious creature related to Scottish independence. Campaigners have criticised the classes as nationalist, anti-British propaganda aimed at brainwashing pupils. A social studies lesson plan about how the monster is represented in films includes a number of claims about how Scotland is represented and how this influences issues such as the Independence Referendum. The material seeks to help 11-to-14-year-olds "recognise persuasion and bias", claiming that the monster was designed as a tourist attraction to appeal to "the motoring middle classes" during the Great Depression. Interest in Nessie boomed in the 1930s with a rush of alleged sightings. The first film about the beast was 1934 horror The Secret Of The Loch.  The lesson plan says the movie monster "shows the somewhat ambivalent position that Scotland holds in the Union… the very idea of a prehistoric monster in a loch affirms the stereotypical idea that Scotland – by contrast to England – is a rural wilderness, perhaps one bypassed by progress. "The monster’s depiction suggests that although there was a 'primitive' wilderness in Scotland before the state of Britain, the modern state has the ability to control it using advanced knowledge and technologies." The news provoked a Twitter storm with users @BertTheBearBook fumed: "Absolutely ridiculous. Nessie brings about imagination. Imagination sparks creativity. Allow children to wonder about the wonders."  READ MORE ABOUT KATE MIDDLETON'S MUM'S HEARTBREAKING FEAR Fellow Twitter user @aer1716 cried: "Noooo!!! The Loch Ness monster is one of the many, many wonderfully magical things about Scotland. "Next they’re going to try to tell us that wild herds of haggis aren’t roaming the Highlands." But sceptical Twitter user @jilletteblue said: "You know, April 1st isn’t until next Friday." @JamesMelville chimed in: "Even the Loch Ness Monster is being cancelled."   DON'T MISS: UK strikes major new nuclear energy deal in £20bn venture [REVEALED] Have your say: Should the UK scrap clock changes? [POLL] Expert warning - UK government 'disingenuous' about inflation realit [LATEST] To which @niallfraserlove replied: "What absolute rubbish. Most films about Scotland are made by Hollywood. "You think that Simpsons episode where they meet the Loch Ness Monster was written by Whitehall?"  Chris McGovern, chairman of the Campaign for Real Education, which pushes for more parental choice in schooling, said: "There is no question about [the material] presenting anti-British bias. "The nationalist cause must be in desperate trouble if it has to resort to such propaganda tactics with young people." He told MailOnline: "My advice to teachers is to use the Nessie Plan itself as an example of how 'bias' is used by educators." Education Scotland said: "Through the study of films, the resource encourages students to debate, to analyse bias and understand the role film has played in shaping the global view of Scotland.  "It also seeks to support pupils in learning about the importance of respecting the heritage and identity of others." However, journalist @LiamODellUK added on Twitter: "Funny how the same right-wing commentators who claim 'educational institutions are a place for challenging ideas' are the ones now criticising Education Scotland for 'anti-British bias' - all for asking how the Loch Ness Monster shapes global views of the country." 