Lewis Hamilton has revealed that he is in the process of changing his name ahead of the start of the Formula One season. Hamilton has used the surname of his father, Anthony, throughout his illustrious racing career, but is poised to change it.  The 37-year-old wishes to honour his mother, Carmen Larbalestier, by incorporating her name in his professional title. "It would mean the world to my family [to win an eighth title]; it would mean a lot to me knowing that, for example, I am really proud of my family's name, Hamilton," he said at 2022 Dubai Expo. "None of you might know that my mum's name is Larbalestier and I am just about to put that in my name. "I don't fully understand the idea that when people get married the woman loses their name. "I really want my mum to continue on with the Hamilton name. Hopefully soon, not this weekend [for the Bahrain Grand Prix], but we are working on it." Hamilton is preparing for the 2022 season, which begins at the Sakhir track in Bahrain next weekend. The seven-time champion is looking to bounce back from last season, when he was controversially pipped to the title by Red Bull’s Max Verstappen. All the teams have been undergoing pre-season testing in Bahrain and Hamilton made headlines over the weekend by playing down Mercedes’ chances in the upcoming season. The Brit said his car had the "potential" to do well, but insisted it was "not at the top" currently. DON'T MISS Vettel copies Hamilton with retirement vow but makes Alonso point Pierre Gasly disagrees with Max Verstappen as he gives Mercedes view Marko 'not impressed' by Hamilton's car but has warning for Verstappen  "Next week we will get a much better showing of our pace," said Hamilton. "I'm sure everyone can figure that out - we are not the quickest at the moment. “Ferrari look to be the quickest, then perhaps Red Bull, and then maybe us or maybe McLaren, I don't know. But we're currently not at the top." Some observers have claimed that Mercedes are intentionally hiding their power – an accusation Hamilton has dismissed. "I think people will be surprised maybe,” he added. “Or at least people keep talking about us talking ourselves down. But it's a bit different this year."