This Is Going To Hurt has been airing weekly on BBC One with the finale taking place tonight (March 22). The side-splitting yet heartbreaking series follows junior doctor Adam (played by Ben Whishaw) on the obstetrics and gynaecology unit within the NHS. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the TV show's future. The medical comedy-drama has shone a light on some candid truths about working in the NHS. Each episode was inspired by former doctor Adam Kay's real-life experiences in the field. Fans have witnessed some harrowing moments, but the series is also loved for providing comic relief in the right places. The BBC is yet to commission a second season but Shruti actress Ambika Mod suggested there was "talk" of another season. She said: "I've heard people talk about a second series. READ MORE: This is Going to Hurt star shares why Ben Whishaw apologised to her "I don't know if that's confirmed or anything. But I can definitely see a potential for it. "But no one said anything to me about it," she told Radio Times. If the series is to get the green light for another season, it could air at the start of 2023. The drama has been hailed as one of the most memorable series of the year so far. It received critical acclaim, albeit it was met with some backlash by viewers for its coverage of certain medical issues. Kay left the medical profession to become a writer full time. Following the release of This is Going to Hurt, he wrote Twas The Nightshift Before Christmas. There is a chance another series could touch on moments recalled in the short follow-up book. The book describes life as a junior doctor over the relentlessly hectic festive period. Another novel, titled Undoctored: The Story of a Medic Who Ran Out of Patients, is due to be published in September. DON'T MISS... This Is Going To Hurt's Adam Kay on 'impossibly difficult' NHS role [INSIGHT] This Is Going To Hurt stars were ordered 'not to talk' to one another [INTERVIEW] Ben Whishaw’s crippling fear on This Is Going to Hurt [INSIGHT] His latest book reflects on the reason Kay decided to leave his NHS role. The TV adaptation could go as far as seeing Whishaw's character quit the medical profession for good. Whishaw would most likely return in another season but beyond this, the casting is up in the air. The BBC may look to renew the series following its success if the demand is there. Kay has not mentioned anything about the show's future but as he left his work as a doctor in 2010, there are at least four more years left to cover. Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the show's future. Duke Skywalker said: "Best thing on TV. Hilarious & Heartbreaking. Throw awards at Ben Whishaw and Ambika Mod. Season 2 please. #ThisIsGoingToHurt" @ROSS91H added: "Finished #ThisIsGoingToHurt yes I cried, Adam is such a kind soul, who basically tried to do the right thing & please everyone but sadly in life you can't! "I hope there is a season 2 where he gets his happy ever after with someone who loves him unconditionally." Claire Pollard commented: "Hilarious, heartwarming and heartbreaking but absolutely brilliant! "Have watched all of @amateuradam this is going to hurt on BBC and couldn’t recommend it enough. The whole cast is fantastic! Hope we get a season 2. #ThisIsGoingToHurt." [Sic]  This Is Going To Hurt is available to watch on BBC iPlayer