Whether you’ve got a kitten, adult or senior cat, feed your favourite pet with tasty treats and food to keep them healthy and happy. Cats need to eat food that is good quality and its important to give them delicious food with tons of nutritional benefits. It can be tricky finding the right food as different cats like different food and there are so many brands that are available online. To help, here is a guide with all the information you need to consider when buying cat food online. And after that, there is a round-up of the best cat food you can buy in the UK in 2022. READ MORE: 14 Best beds for dogs and cats 2021 10 best-selling carpet cleaning products on Amazon for a professional level deep clean This cooling mat keeps pets comfortable during heatwaves - and it's on sale This depends on your cat’s needs as the biggest difference between the types of food is the moisture levels. Dry cat food has 10 percent of water, while wet or canned food has 70 percent water. This is important to think about because cats with certain health conditions will need more water intake. What separates the two is the formulation. Kittens need food with a higher amount of fats, proteins and calories to help them grow. Adult cat food will have lesser calories and more minerals to help them maintain and age well. Opened canned food can be kept for a maximum of five to seven days if its stored somewhere that’s between five or seven degrees Celsius. If its unopened, check the expiry date on the bottom of the food. Here is the best cat food to buy in 2022. Specifications: Food type: Dry | Primary Protein: Chicken | Size: 350g - 2kg | Cat type: Adult Made with 65 percent fresh chicken and five percent chicken liver, this dry cat food from Lily’s Kitchen is designed to keep cats healthy and taste delicious. In a triangle-shaped kibbles with seaweed to reduce plague, your cat will have a healthier breath when they snack on this. Buy on Lily’s Kitchen (£21.50) Specifications: Food type: Wet | Primary Protein: Chicken, duck, poultry | Size: 8.4kg | Cat type: Adult In wet jelly pouches, this delicious food is great for adult cats and has a juicy combination of chunks of jelly and food. Supporting your cat’s health and improving its skin and coat, keep your cat healthy with these pouches. Buy on Amazon (£23.03 on offer) Specifications: Food type: Wet | Primary Protein: Chicken, turkey, tuna, salmon | Size: 85g per pouch | Cat type: Kitten / one month Healthy with no added grains, salts or sugars, Blink Kitten food is great for growing kittens and comes with a variety of proteins including chicken, turkey and tuna. With natural ingredients, the food is easy to digest and delicious with tasty meats. Buy on Pets at Home (£8.29) Specifications: Food type: Dry | Primary Protein: Chicken | Size: 750g | Cat type: Adult If your cat has health issues, choose Scrumbles for cat food and this one is naturally hypoallergenic and designed to improve a cat’s glossy coat and gut friendly for easy digestion. Wheat free with no derivates, preservatives or filler, it’s perfect for sensitive stomachs. Buy on Pets at Home (£8.29) Specifications: Food type: Wet | Primary Protein: Chicken, turkey, salmon, hake | Size: 100g per pouch | Cat type: Adult Treat your cat to this premium food from Lifelong and buy a selection of packs that include chicken, hake, turkey and more. It’s 100 percent balanced in nutrition and made with meat in jelly and vitamin D3 to support bones and teeth. Buy on Amazon (£8.81) Specifications: Food type: Wet | Primary Protein: Tuna and Chicken | Size: 6 x 70g / 420g | Cat type: Senior or seven years Older cats will love this Applause as its made from prime cuts of meat, low in phosphorus and is extremely high in protein, which will help with ageing. High-quality with natural ingredients, this box has both tuna and chicken flavours, which will satisfy your cat. Buy on Amazon (£7.37) Specifications: Food type: Dry | Primary Protein: Chicken | Size: 1.5kg | Cat type: Adult or one year Help promote a healthy diet with the Eukanuba dry food, which is packed with nutritional ingredients that give cats a variety of benefits. Including antioxidants like Vitamin E and helping keep teeth clean by preventing tartar build up, it also helps with weight reduction. Buy on Amazon (£15.73 on sale) Specifications: Food type: Dry | Primary Protein: Salmon | Size: 60g | Cat type: All breed If you’ve got a cat that’s a fussy eater, this is the perfect treat and you can sprinkle this seasoning on top of cat food to give it an extra boost of flavour. Made with real meat, its highly digestible and grain-free, it’s delicious and super healthy. Buy on Amazon (£8.99) Specifications: Food type: Dry | Primary Protein: Chicken | Size: 6kg | Cat type: Adult Popular online, the Purina One Adult Cat Food will help your cat improve its health in just three weeks with minerals and vitamins that support its vitality levels. With a delicious chicken and wholegrain flavour, reviews love how it keeps cat happy and has helped boost their wellbeing. Buy on Amazon (£25) Specifications: Food type: Dry | Primary Protein: Turkey | Size: 1.5kg | Cat type: Adult or one years over Made with natural ingredients, the James Wellbeloved No Cereals cat food combines turkey protein with vitamins and minerals to help cats with skin and stomach issues. A blend of dietary fibres help for firmer excrement and its got natural inulin from chicory to help promote gut health. Buy on Pets at Home (£10.99) Here is some more information to help you when buying cat food. How do you transition your cat into eating new food? Start slowly and feed your cat small amounts of the new food with the old food. Then, gradually increase the amount of new food and decrease the amount of old food. By the end of the week, they should be eating new food only though some cats are very picky. Can cats eat vegetables? Unlike humans, cats need to eat meat because they need certain amino acids like taurine and protein to live. But you can still feed your cat some vegetables if they’re keen and this includes carrot, broccoli, peas, corn and spinach. Avoid garlic and onion as it can make cats ill.