Liverpool officials are facing a big decision this summer, with Mohamed Salah's contract situation currently the main talking point on Merseyside. Salah, 29, is set to enter the final year of his deal at Anfield. Liverpool supporters seem to be unanimous in their desire for Salah to be rewarded with a new long-term contract, as the Egyptian has been in scintillating form this season. Salah, 29, has bagged an astonishing 20 goals and ten assists in 27 Premier League games, and is the league's top goalscorer. With those stats in mind, there's little wonder the forward's agent wants to make him the top-paid player in the division. But for that to happen, Liverpool would have to obliterate their current wage structure. If Salah got his way, his new contract would likely be worth £500,000 per-week. Few could argue Salah doesn't deserve to be given such a wage, especially when compared to some of his counterparts throughout the league. But would it be wise for Liverpool to commit that much money on a long-term basis? Salah will be 30 this summer, and any new contract would likely run for four years at least to make it worth it for the player. That would mean Liverpool could end up paying £500,000 per-week to a 34-year-old forward who, at the moment at least, is incredibly reliant on his blistering pace. So what should Liverpool do? Risk someone else coming in and reaping the rewards of Salah's impeccable goalscoring ability? Such a move would be a disaster with the fanbase, despite the arrival of Luis Diaz in January. Liverpool have made great strides this season after forking out for Diaz in January, and can now boast a number of options in their front three. But the uncomfortable truth is that Salah's situation is an un-winnable one for the club, there's little chance everyone will get what they want. With that in mind, Liverpool could do with taking a look at the situation of Barcelona's Ousmane Dembele. The injury-plagued French forward has endured a torrid time in Catalunya since moving for £126million, and seems destined to leave this summer on a free transfer. Dembele has been linked with pretty much every top Premier League club thanks to his obvious talent, but it's clear he needs somewhere he can play every week in a formation designed for him to thrive. Liverpool would provide him exactly that. His two-footedness would mean he doesn't need to be played on the right wing, and can deputise on the left - a similar quality that makes Diogo Jota so valuable to Liverpool. The absence of a transfer fee would also be a huge factor for Liverpool, considering their desire to be sensible with their finances when it comes to transfer activity.