Researchers at the Semnan University of Medical Sciences noted how patients admitted to the coronary care units benefitted from drinking a milk and honey mixture. In the three days when the trial took place, patients who received the milk and honey mixture reported improved sleep quality compared to those who received a placebo. The differences in sleep quality, reported between the experimental and control group, by day three were "significant". Further research, at Osaka University Graduate School of Medicine, found that fermented milk has a "favourable effect on improving sleep in healthy elderly people". The study involved 29 healthy elderly subjects between the ages of 60 to 81 years of age. For the experiment, subjects had 100g of fermented milk or a placebo drink every day for three weeks. The participants then had a three-week washout period, and then those who had the placebo first time round then had the milk drink and vice versa. READ MORE: How to sleep – 'Hypnotic' sleeping pills and why there's a better alternative For each period, sleep quality was measured via actigraphy and a sleep questionnaire. The researchers found that the consumption of milk had a "significant improvement in sleep efficiency". The Sleep Foundation noted that milk's sleep-promoting property "might be due to the amino acid tryptophan". Tryptophan plays an important role in the production of melatonin, which is a hormone that helps a person to feel sleepy. While drinking milk before bedtime can be a helpful sleeping aid for many people, it is not suitable for everyone. People who are lactose intolerance would want to avoid milk, no matter the time of day or night. Lactose intolerance The NHS said lactose intolerance is a "common digestive problem" where the body is unable to digest lactose – a type of sugar mainly found in milk. People with lactose intolerance will develop unsettling symptoms within a few hours of consuming milk. For each period, sleep quality was measured via actigraphy and a sleep questionnaire. The researchers found that the consumption of milk had a "significant improvement in sleep efficiency". The Sleep Foundation noted that milk's sleep-promoting property "might be due to the amino acid tryptophan". Tryptophan plays an important role in the production of melatonin, which is a hormone that helps a person to feel sleepy. Symptoms may include farting, diarrhoea, a bloated stomach, cramps and pains in the belly, a rumbling stomach, and feeling sick. "The severity of your symptoms and when they appear depends on the amount of lactose you have consumed," the NHS added. People's reaction to lactose will vary, with some people not able to have any milk in their tea or coffee without experiencing symptoms while others could have a glass of milk. Lactose intolerance can develop at any age, meaning that a person who did not have an issue with drinking milk can develop the condition. So, if you do have lactose intolerance and you simply can't drink warm milk before bedtime, what can you do to improve your sleeping quality? The Sleep Foundation strongly recommends committing to a daily wake-up and bedtime routine. This will involve waking up and going to bed at the same time every day, as much as possible. Furthermore, the removal of electronic devices, including e-books, one hour before bedtime is recommended.