Piers Morgan, 56, has launched a scathing attack appearing to reference all of Europe and the United States over Russia’s nuclear threat during the Ukraine crisis. Taking to Twitter, where he boasts a following of 7.9 million, the broadcaster claimed Putin was “laughing at us”. He tweeted: “Putin’s laughing at us. “He now knows that all he has to do to is threaten to use his nukes (which he won’t) and we’ll all run away in terror. “When did we get so pathetically spineless in the face of nasty little bullies?” The former Good Morning Britain presenter accompanied the tweet with a picture of Putin laughing. Piers has been outspoken on his criticism of the West’s handling of the ongoing crisis. He recently called out the international community over its response to Putin’s advances into Ukraine. The TV star questioned what’s to stop the Russian leader “taking other countries” amid his “nuke threats”. The tweet came on Tuesday after Putin ordered his military to move nuclear weapons to a "special mode of combat duty”. Piers wrote: “If Putin succeeds in taking Ukraine by scaring us all off with his bulls**t nuke threats, what’s to stop him taking other countries including those in NATO? “Once you cave to a bully, they keep bullying. #StopPutinNow.” He also called attention to a 40-mile convoy of Russian military vehicles that satellite images showed en route to the Ukrainian capital Kyiv. Piers questioned the lack of military intervention from NATO. He typed: “There’s a 40-MILE convoy of Russian military vehicles heading towards Kyiv to surround the city, trap the people there, and bomb them into submission. “Are we really just going to sit back and watch Putin do this? “There’s a war crime unfurling in front of us. Who will stop it?” So far, the main international action that has been taken against Russia’s invasion has been a series of sanctions. These restrictions are aiming to isolate Russia and spark a recession in the country. The situation would potentially limit Putin’s military capabilities and change the Kremlin’s tactics.