Manchester United star Bruno Fernandes is yet to sign a new contract at the club. The Red Devils have been negotiating a deal with the Portugal international for some time, with the player an undroppable asset under Ralf Rangnick like he was under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. And, now, his position on his future has emerged. United wanted to sign Erling Haaland back in the summer transfer window of 2020, with Solskjaer earmarking his compatriot as a priority target. Yet when it became clear he’d cost too much money, and Mino Raiola would be meddling behind the scenes, they then decided to land Fernandes instead. In the time since, the Portugal international has established himself as an Old Trafford talisman. Fernandes dazzled as United finished third in the table in 2020 before propelling his side to second the following year. While he’s been overshadowed by Cristiano Ronaldo at times this term, the 27-year-old has still managed nine goals and 13 assists from 35 matches across all competitions. Only Ronaldo has scored more, while Paul Pogba is closest to his tally of assists with eight for the season. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz At the start of the year, it was reported that United contract talks with Fernandes had ‘stalled’. This, it was claimed, was down to the fact Fernandes wanted to know more about the team’s situation by the end of the current campaign. There’s plenty of uncertainty surrounding the Red Devils at the moment, especially when it comes to their next manager. Mauricio Pochettino is believed to be the frontrunner to replace Ralf Rangnick, with the Paris Saint-Germain boss eyeing a Premier League return. However, the likes of Erik ten Hag, Luis Enrique and Roberto Mancini have all been linked as well. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Yet Fabrizio Romano, speaking to The United Stand, has claimed the former Sporting Lisbon star is keen to stay at the club. “#MUFC also want to discuss a new contract with Bruno Fernandes,” he said. “It is taking time, the club wanted to extend with him last summer but the situation changed. “Bruno wants to stay at United.” Not every player the Red Devils have signed since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013 has been a hit. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Yet Fernandes has been a shining light during the Solskjaer and Rangnick eras so far and it’s feasible he’ll end up extending his deal eventually. His current contract runs out in 2025, though the club can extend it by an extra year. And how the situation unfolds remains to be seen. Speaking recently, he thanked supporters for cheering him on and admitted he wanted to give them a trophy to celebrate in the foreseeable future. "Thank you for your support, I really appreciate everything done from you since I came to the club,” he said. "I hope to get more joy for you and bring trophies to the club." Fernandes also revealed that Juan Mata was his closest friend at the club, despite the Spain international barely playing. "I would probably choose [Mata] because I learn a lot from him in this two years,” he said. "He’s been someone who's been really special and make me better every day, on and off the pitch. “He made me grow up to be a better player and a better person also."