US President Joe Biden has sent a host of former defence and security officials to Taipei, as Taiwan frets Beijing could take advantage of the Ukraine crisis to bring the island under central Chinese control. Meanwhile, Valdis Dombrovskis, European Commission Vice-President, described how the EU is in “a complicated phase of relations with China”, one of Russia’s most reliable allies, as the bloc balances trade talks with political beliefs. Mr Dombrovskis added: "It is clear that some of those topics need to be addressed at the highest political level to see to what extent we can align and improve our cooperation.” He continued on to say there are indications that a closer relationship between China and Russia is emerging in the wake of the Kremlin’s invasion of Ukraine. He said: "As you also know, China is taking a very careful approach in this conflict. “They are clearly not following the Western democratic world example. “The risk is there." This comes after Ukrainian President, Volodymyr Zelensky, issued an urgent plea to join the European Union. Mr Zelensky, speaking via Telegram, urged Brussels: “We ask the European Union for Ukraine’s immediate accession via a new special procedure. He continued: “Our goal is to be together with all Europeans and, most importantly, to be on an equal footing. I’m sure it’s fair. I’m sure it’s possible.” READ MORE: Crack team of SAS veterans to join Ukraine's fight against Russia  Commission President, Ursula von der Leyen, expressed a similar conviction last week that Ukraine should be accepted as an EU member state. She told Euronews: “They are one of us and we want them in.” But the process of accession is more complicated than Ms von der Leyen’s proclamation, as a decision on admitting a new member state must be unanimously supported by all 27 countries. European Council president, Charles Michel, said there are “different opinions and sensitivities within the EU on enlargement”, despite the vocal support for the move from a number of member governments. DON'T MISS: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin new threat as tank convoy nears Kyiv [LIVE] Keir Starmer threatens to kick out Labour members who attack NATO over [REPORT] Ukraine MAPPED: The chilling amount of land Russia has taken over [MAP] In a joint statement on Monday, Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Poland, Slovakia, Slovenia and the Czech Republic pushes for the “highest political support” for Kyiv from the bloc. They called for the “EU institutions to conduct steps to immediately grant Ukraine [… ] EU candidate country status and open the process of negotiations.” Backing for Kyiv’s immediate admission was less forthcoming from Germany and France, with German Foreign Minister, Annalena Baerbock, emphasising the timeline of such a move. She said on Monday: “Ukraine is part of this European house, and we know that the desire of many Ukrainians is and was to have closer ties with the EU.” She continued: “Everyone is aware, as the president of the Commission emphasised yesterday, that joining the EU is not something that can be done in a few months, but that it involves an intensive and far-reaching transformation process.” Against the backdrop of Western support for Ukraine’s resistance against Vladimir Putin’s forces, Ukrainian officials have reported 70 deaths in the city of Okhtyrka on Sunday. Dozens of civilians were also killed on Monday in Kharkiv, Ukraine’s second-largest city. But as negotiators for Moscow and Kyiv met for talks in Belarus, satellite imagery showed evidence of a Russian convoy making its way to the Ukrainian capital. Estimates place the length of the convoy at a staggering 40 miles long.