Half also get a buzz from taking a “bag for life” to the shops with them, while spirits are lifted for one in three when ditching single-use wipes in favour of reusable ones. And two in five are making more effort to visit zero-waste shops to refill old bottles and pots with produce, instead of buying it in packaging. The research was commissioned by household cleaning brand Ecover to mark the launch of the Ecover Refillery - a reused petrol station fighting plastic waste with refills. Tom Domen, Ecover’s global head of long-term innovation, said: “A small change can make a big difference. “The simple act of refilling a plastic bottle can make you feel good, while also reducing the amount of plastic waste sent to landfill. “That's why we urge you to choose to reuse and join the “refillution” by opting for refillable, reusable household products where you can use the packaging over and over and over.” The study also found it works the other way, as one in five (19 percent) have felt “embarrassed” when they put the wrong items in the recycling bin - while another 18 percent even feel ashamed. But half of adults are confused about what can and can’t be recycled. As many as 52 percent feel guilty about the number of plastic bottles they use that have a negative impact on the planet. With the average household getting through seven plastic bottles a week, this amounts to more than 364 a year. The research also found 41 percent think the government should be doing more to make refilling as accessible as recycling. And one in five want to make refilling their products and pantries a priority for the year ahead. In fact, over half (53 percent) would use “refill” shops more if they had one closer to home, while more refillable stations in mainstream supermarkets would make 62 percent more likely to reuse rather than recycle. But millions of Brits are already making valuable swaps - including refilling water bottles, reusable coffee cups, and opting for reusable bags. Ecover’s Tom Domen added: “Refill stations are becoming increasingly common across the country, and a simple search will tell you where your local store is. “By the end of 2022, we aim to help people refill their Ecover bottles over three million times in the UK - which would be the equivalent of one refill every 10 seconds. “Just remember that plastic can last a lifetime, so let’s all put it to work.” The Ecover Refillery will be open to the public for two days - 23rd March (10am - 7pm) and 24th March (9am - 7pm), at 69 Borough Road, London. TOP 20 ENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY ACTIVITIES TO PUT BRITS IN A GOOD MOOD: