British BAFTA-winning comedy The Full Monty, is set to make a comeback with the original cast reprising their roles for a new limited TV series. The classic 90s striptease hit, which was filmed in post-industrial Sheffield, has continued to be loved by the nation and fans will be delighted to see the cast reuniting after almost 25 years since the film’s release. Robert Carlyle will return as Gaz, Mark Addy as Dave, Lesley Sharp as Jean, Hugo Speer as Guy, Paul Barber as Horse, Steve Huison as Lomper, Wim Snape as Nathan and Tom Wilkinson as Gerald. The comedy-drama series will also reunite the original film’s Academy Award-winning screenwriter Simon Beaufoy (Slumdog Millionaire) and producer Uberto Pasolini (Nowhere Special), co-commissioned by Disney+ and FX. Speaking about the series, Simon beamed: “We’re chuffed to bits to get all the Monty Men back together again. “Now, with a chaotic entourage of children, grandchildren, pets and assorted hangers-on, to see what life in Sheffield is like 25 years on.” READ MORE:'He LAUGHED at the joke!' Eamonn Holmes blasts Will Smith       Production kicked off in Sheffield and Manchester on Monday, March 28 and leading actor Robert shared the news with fans on Twitter. He announced to his doting followers: “The Full Monty.. Original Series.. coming soon to @DisneyPlusUK.” Excited about the news, fans shared their support for the actor with @darker_dearie commenting: “This made my day. I admit I'm old school & I'm against doing sequels, reboots, etc but this project is most exciting… “It's not a random block buster but a very relevant social fact. Society has evolved and so have these characters. I'm really looking forward to it.” (sic) @kira_geissler exclaimed: “Who said I'm excited? (certainly didn't squeal in class and my classmate asked if everything was alright.” @sister7277 gushed: “Great way to celebrate another film that crosses time, but which always remains relevant for the social issues it deals with which unfortunately are still present but with the invitation to 'roll up your sleeve' to move forward. CI PIACE. Grazie e buon lavoro. Stefania.” @AKristensson82 echoed: “Exciting news! The full monty is my favourite comedy movie of all times.” Even Sheffield City Council weighed in on the news, saying: “We're so thrilled the cat is finally out of the bag. “Full Monty is back almost 25 years on and the filming will take place right here in Sheffield, where it all began! #FullMonty #DisneyPlus @disneyplus.” (sic)  The plot will catch up with the characters as they navigate healthcare, education and employment today. Disney+ said the series “will explore the brighter, sillier and more humane way forward where communal effort can still triumph over adversity”. Lee Mason, the director of scripted content at Disney, added: “25 years ago, Simon introduced us to a group of funny, fearless and resilient unemployed working-class men from Sheffield and the world fell in love with them. “We’re delighted to reunite the original cast … and we can’t wait to introduce a host of exciting new faces and characters,” he added. Speaking on The Graham Norton Show back in 2017, Robert confessed he had no idea just how big The Full Monty was going to be. “I thought it was a load of f****** p***, to be honest,” he jested. “This thing went almost from straight to video to date, it’s taken 400 million or something. “Who knew?” The much-loved actor asked BBC host Graham. Robert chuckled: “Not me.” The original film, The Full Monty, is available to stream on Disney+ in the UK. A release date for the new series is yet to be announced.