Streets in the Dales area have become packed with vehicles as residents and university students clash for space. The issues are caused by a high number of HMOs in the area with multiple cars for each prosperity. The issues are so bad residents have been forced to park on street corners, meaning vulnerable people need to walk in the road to get past. Siobhan, 53 said she has considered moving out “lots of times” due to the issues in the neighbourhood. Speaking to the Liverpool Echo, she said: “​​The issue we've got is when you've got cars parked either side, if you've got a car coming up and down the road then nobody can get past. “Then we have standoffs and arguments and road rage all the time. It's a nightmare.” READ MORE: New parking law would see drivers charged £550 per space Siobhan has called for the council to introduce a one-way system to help traffic flow in the area. She also warned the relationship between students and residents was “at an all-time low”, partly due to the road issues. However, Nicole, 23, who is studying a Media degree at the University of Liverpool warned residents were igniting the feud by putting wheelie bins in the way to block parking spaces. She added: “The biggest thing that annoys me is, I sound like a right Karen, but people always reserve the car parking spaces. DON'T MISSNew car tax parking fees could have ‘unintended consequences’  [COMMENT]Residents ‘fear for safety’ over parking chaos [INSIGHT]Parking rules are a ‘poll tax on wheels’ [ANALYSIS] “They literally put bins in the space. "A couple of days ago everyone woke up and everyone's cars had been scratched. "Our house get on with everyone. “I've spoke to a few other people and it's the odd people - they write a bad name for everyone else." Some students have also called for a one-way system to stop using the roads as a "shortcut”. Liverpool City Council said they would carry out a review of the area to determine what could be done. They said this will look at a number of options, including whether a one-way system would be appropriate for the area. A spokesperson said: “As part of the review we would also look to see whether waiting restrictions are required at strategic locations (such as around junctions) to prevent vehicles from parking in unsafe/obstructive locations, and to allow turning manoeuvres at junctions." Greenbank Councillor James Roberts has also got involved with the crisis, warning cutting down on cars was the way to solve the issues. He has called for the councils to speak to universities to encourage students to ditch cars or public transport. He added: “These are old streets, Victorian streets that were never designed for this many personal, private motor vehicles. “Part of the solution is reducing the total number of vehicles that occupy those streets.”