Arsenal have been told to bring in up to three “heavy” transfers to bolster their Premier League standing. George Graham admitted that his former club would have to splash the cash if they wanted to take themselves to the next level. Arsenal have been told to splash out on three “heavy” transfers this summer to make themselves a top-four outfit in the Premier League. The Gunners have had a rough period in their history after finishing eighth for two years running, reducing their standing as a global club. However, Mikel Arteta has had a better campaign this year after some extreme transfer activity that has seen several players leave but also a number of youngsters signed. In a summer window that saw over £100m spent, the Spaniard made it his ambition to revolutionise the squad and bring in the likes of Ben White, Aaron Ramsdale, Martin Odegaard and Takehiro Tomiyasu. And, while it has been far from the perfect campaign, Arsenal are looking to finish in the top four - a position they have not seen since 2016. It would be a remarkable rise considering the underachievement in recent years and one that Graham believes the Emirates outfit must capitalise on in the transfer window. Speaking at the London Football Awards, the former Gunners manager told Express Sport: “I think the top four race is very interesting. "The top teams are already up there and I think that my old club Arsenal will definitely finish in the top six but they are hopeful of finishing in the top four. “Mikel Arteta is finding his feet as a manager and how to be a manager but he is not getting the goalscorers and that is a big problem, any club will tell you that. “Arsenal are famous are bringing young players through the academy since the days I was there. We bring a lot of young players through so it is no surprise to see them play. “So I am just hoping that they make the right two or three signings, exceptional signings, and exceptional means a heavy price.” Arsenal currently sit sixth in the Premier League but have three games in hand over Manchester United and West Ham above them. Winning them would take them into the top four but consistency has been a problem for the Gunners this campaign but Graham reckons his old club must aim high. “The aspirations should definitely be top four, I like the way Arteta works,” the Scotsman added. “He is a young manager and he had a great coach to work alongside in [Pep] Guardiola. So overall, I think he is doing very well.”