The Duke of Sussex announced Friday that he would not attend Prince Philip’s memorial service on March 29, amid speculation his ongoing security battle is to blame for his decision. The prince, 37, was told he would no longer be entitled the same level of security when he comes back to the UK, despite his assurances that he would pay for it himself.  Prince Harry has insisted that he “does not feel safe” to make the trip across the pond with his wife and children without the protection he seeks as the Duke’s security team reportedly cannot operate with the same efficiency abroad without access to UK intelligence networks. A spokesperson for the Duke of Sussex confirmed Prince Harry will not make the trip across the Atlantic for the event. The decision was tweeted by Omid Scobie, the author of 'Finding Freedom', who added that the Duke was hopeful he could be reunited with his grandmother soon. He tweeted: “A spokesperson for the Sussexes confirms that Prince Harry will not be returning to the UK for the Service of Thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip on March 29.  “He does, however, hope to visit the Queen as soon as possible.” The prince has received both public condemnation and support for his decision on Twitter. GB News host Dan Wootton criticised his plans, tweeting: “Prince Harry’s silly feud with the Government over security means he won’t return to the UK for his late grandfather’s Service of Thanksgiving later this month. “But he managed a jaunt to Texas for a rodeo this week.  READ MORE: Queen’s teenage job to be honoured during Platinum Jubilee “A disgraceful decision that he will end up regretting.” Daily Mail Diary editor Richard Eden echoed Mr Wootton’s sentiments: “#PrinceHarry can make it to a rodeo in Texas but not to his own grandfather’s memorial service.” He sarcastically added: “How very sad.” Former political correspondent Rupert Myers tweeted: “Sure it’s a tedious circus, but it’s still dispiriting to see Prince Harry following in Meghan’s footsteps by driving a wedge between himself and his own family like this.” However there were those who expressed solidarity with the Duke, who now lives in California with his wife Meghan and their two children.  DON'T MISS:'We need stronger Europe!' EU sent huge warning by Verhofstadt [EUROPE]Jacinda Arden’s party slips in polls amid spiralling Covid cases [COVID]'Paranoid’ Putin invaded Ukraine because 'time was running out' [INSIGHT] One twitter user, @SueJon8, wrote: “Well done Prince Harry. Put your safety first. No security & No show.” Another user, @TvKhaleesi, tweeted: “Prince Harry returned for the actual funeral service for Prince Philip. “He already paid his respect. “He is currently fighting for security service for him and his family when he comes back again. “I don’t know why anyone thinks he will return for a public event without it.” 