Will Smith took home the Best Actor award in Sunday's Oscar ceremony but the moment was overshadowed by his violent outburst towards Chris Rock. The comedian took aim at Jada Pinkett Smith, seemingly making fun of her alopecia condition, leading to Will jumping on stage and hitting Chris. However, actress Jane Seymour didn't agree with the actor's actions. ITV Hollywood correspondent Ross King was reporting liven for GMB from the Vanity Fair Oscar Party. He asked Jane's opinion on the controversial matter and she admitted she felt Will could have handled the moment in a better way. She said: "I don't think there's any reason to jump on stage and punch anybody just go, 'Hey hey this is not cool.'" Will slapped the comedian in the face on stage after Chris made a joke about his wife. Read more: GMB reporter told DON'T ask about Will Smith as Costner avoids probe Referring to Jada's shaved hairdo, Chris quipped: "Can't wait for GI Jane 2." Will struck the comedian before returning to his stage and shouting: "Keep my wife's name out of your f*****g name." When he picked up the Oscar for Best Actor later in the night, Will apologised to the Academy. He said: "I want to apologise to the Academy. I want to apologise to all my fellow nominees. "Art imitates life. I look like the crazy father, just like they said about Richard Williams. But love will make you do crazy things." Jane wasn't the only red-carpet star to give her thoughts on the violent outburst. Jon Voight commented: "I know Will very well and I love him I think he's a great man and if anybody insulted my wife I would be pretty angry too." Donatella Versace added: "I feel bad for [Will], I feel bad for Chris Rock too. DON'T MISS'There were three losers' Liam Payne gives verdict on Will Smith slap [INTERVIEW]'Thank God that's behind me' Richard Madeley details career struggles [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew's Freedom of York removal an 'attack' on The Queen [VIDEO] "The Oscars are watched by so many people around the world and for young people to see that violence is not good. "It was not a big thing but still it could have been avoided." However, many stars did not want to comment on the altercation. Kevin Costner echoed the responses of many celebrities when he told North America correspondent Noel Phillips he couldn't comment as he was "backstage" at the time. Once he'd wrapped up the chat, Noel remarked: "You get the sense here stars don't want to answer that question. "When I was asking the question I had Kevin Costner's manager poking me in the back." "Unbelievable," GMB host Susanna Reid commented. Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.