Roman Kemp has shared his battle with his mental health in a candid new chat. The Capital Breakfast star was speaking amid the launch of a new service from Boots which hopes to make therapy and mental health treatment more accessible. Roman has been lauded for being very open about his own experiences with mental health over the past few years. The star even fronted a BBC documentary looking at the impact of mental health and suicide called Our Silent Emergency. Now the star has shared some more insight into his own experiences, reflecting on how he spoke to his parents about his struggles. Roman is the son of Spandau Ballet star Martin Kemp and singer Shirlie Holliman.  Speaking earlier this week, he said: “I even remember that I'd never really spoken to my dad about it. “Which is odd because you know, people look at me and my dad and they say we have a great relationship and stuff like that. “But it was always something that I would talk to my mum about.” Elsewhere in the chat, Roman opened up about being in a really “bad place” while his career was booming.  He added: “I think I was getting ready to go to I’m A Celeb and do shows like that. “I’d done Gogglebox, I’ve done the radio show, I’ve got this life that’s all fun. “One day it just hit me like that and I just remember it’s like a professional doctor inside your head, beating up your brain. “I just remember being sat in my pants on the floor in my bedroom and just crying. “I was in a really bad way.”  Roman was speaking amid the launch of on-demand mental health services from Boots. This is hoping to combat the backlog of people waiting on support and services from the NHS. Now the company has launched the Boots Online Doctor Depression & Anxiety Treatment, which is a GP consultation service. Users can speak about their experiences with a professional and then receive a tailored treatment plan and, if appropriate, be prescribed medicine. DON'T MISS... Singer FKA Twigs bares all in totally see-through dress at NME Awards [PICTURES]Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [INSIGHT]Gethin Jones posts update from hospital after ankle surgery [VIDEO]   As well as this, Boots.com has launched additional mental health advice and support as well. This included the SupportRoom, which matches a therapist offering psychological and emotional support via ‘text talk’ and video check-ins. Also available is Cognitive Behaviour Therapy via video call, a mood and symptom checker and an information hub of articles with free information and advice about mental health. Prices start from £10 for the mood and symptom checker, £40 per month for a SupportRoom subscription package and £65 per session for Livi Talking Therapies. Boots Online Doctor Depression & Anxiety Treatment costs £65 for the initial consultation and first month’s medication, if needed. 