Novak Djokovic has been tipped to win a 21st Grand Slam at the French Open, to match Rafael Nadal’s all-time Major record. The world No 1 has played just one tournament so far this year and was left unable to defend his Australian Open title over his unvaccinated status but will get a chance to try and win back-to-back French Opens in May. Djokovic won the first three Grand Slams of 2021 to equal the then-record of 20 men’s singles titles, shared with Federer and Nadal. He was unable to attempt to win a record 21st at the Australian Open this January when he was deported from the country on the eve of the tournament and Nadal went on to break the record instead, winning his second Aussie Open after a six-month injury layoff. The Spaniard is now the favourite to extend his lead to 22 Major titles at the French Open where he is a 13-time former champion, having started the season with a 20-1 win-loss record so far. But he has been struck by a rib injury that has sidelined him for the next four to six means, meaning he will miss the first two clay events in Monte Carlo and Barcelona. While many are tipping Nadal to win a 14th French Open and 22nd Grand Slam title at the next Major in the calendar, former world No 1 Mats Wilander believes Djokovic will be the favourite to defend his title win from last year once he gets some more matches under his belt.  JUST IN: Raducanu branded 'princess' as former No 1 appears to take aim at Brit  The Serb will be able to compete in Monte Carlo next month after France’s Covid vaccine pass rules were lifted and has also confirmed his participation in the Serbia Open, played in his own Novak Tennis Centre in Belgrade, so has at least two tournaments to get some matches on the clay before attempting his title defence in Paris. "Novak will be incredibly hungry," Wilander told Eurosport. "His head and heart are rested. He was able to put together his training plan perfectly for physical fitness. Of course he would have liked to play more games, but if he plays three more tournaments and maybe ten to 15 matches, then he's probably the favourite in Paris but he'll need a bit of self-confidence in the run-up to the French Open." DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu defended by Kyrgios in brutal shutdown of former proMurray admits doing 'wrong things' after Medvedev loss in Miami OpenMedvedev sends Djokovic warning as he stakes world No 1 claim   Putting his faith in Djokovic, the seven-time Major champion also admitted Nadal’s injury woes also gave the Serb an edge. Wilander added: "Nadal will not have the perfect preparation. Can he train fully? Can he be on the court enough hours before Roland Garros? That's the big question." Nadal is set to be back in time for the two Masters 1000 events in Madrid and Rome in the lead-up to the French Open but the three-time former champion in Paris thought it would be “very, very tight” for the world No 3 to be ready in time for his favourite tournament. 