Originally broadcast on Channel 4 in 2011 and 2013, Top Boy was later revived by Netflix in 2019 for a critically acclaimed third instalment, marketed as the show’s first season. The revamp is now coming back for a second outing after a three-year gap, but the new footage has hinted towards the tragic death of one of the show’s key characters. Fans of the London-based crime drama are convinced Ats Ayittey (played by Keiyon Cook) has been killed off between seasons. Ats was introduced in the revival as a 12-year-old student who gets mixed up with Summerhouse dealer Jaq (Jasmine Jobson). Sadly, it appears he won’t be among the returning characters after fans spotted some heartbreaking references to his death in the new trailer. The second season was teased with an explosive two-minute promo previewing the return of Ashley Walters' Dushane. READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up He’s ready to take his drug empire international, and has even teamed up with his former rival Jamie (Micheal Ward) after aiding his release from prison. Unfortunately, their plan to set up Ats to take the fall seems to have backfired, with Ats becoming the latest casualty in Hackney’s ongoing turf war. The likes of Sully (Kane Robinson), Jaq (Jasmine Jobson), and Shelley (Simbiatu Ajikawo) will all be returning in the new season, but Ats is noticeably absent in the new trailer. Moreover, some observant fans have spotted Ats’ name written on a piece of paper in a vigil, next to some flowers and a soft toy. The memorial displays his full name, Attica, in plain view, and confirms he was killed in 2020. Ats’ death seems pretty irrefutable at this point, though there’s still a chance Keiyon could reprise his role in flashbacks. However, the chances of him coming back are slim to none, as even the cause of his death seems to have been revealed in the new trailer. Shortly after the vigil is seen, Dushane says: “You can’t have people come on the block, stab one of our youngers.” DON'T MISS:The Rookie season 4: Fan-favourite death ‘sealed’? [SPOILERS]Yellowstone’s Jamie star hints at tragic series ending [INSIGHT]NCIS season 19: Vance quits agency after daughter’s death? [THEORY] This could very well be an indication that one of Dushane’s rivals took out Ats when they caught wind of a vulnerable young dealer encroaching on their territory. Top Boy fans have already caught wind of the clues, and have taken to Twitter to complain about Ats’ off-screen exit. @DarrionR-P said: “I’m excited for the new season of Top Boy, HOWEVER if they’ve killed off Ats like I think they have I’m gonna be so upset. Was Jase not enough?!” @Tino tweeted: “Seen the Top Boy trailer and it’s looking like they killed off my boy Ats.” “So Ats died in Top Boy,” Enii wrote, adding a crying emoji. Anya also posted a crying emoji and said: “Nah, Ats can’t be dead.” Fans will have to tune into the new series to find out if Ats has indeed been killed. There’s still a chance for him to appear at the start of the series before meeting his tragic fate, but his absence from the new trailer certainly has viewers concerned. Top Boy season 2 will be released on Friday, March 18 on Netflix.