David Harries, 30, attacked his victim, Peter Grimes, with the blade and threatened to “butcher” Alec Hammersley. The window cleaner slashed Mr Grimes’s finger in the attack in Mold, North Wales, before calling Mr Hammersley to say: “You’re getting butchered.” Harries was sentenced to 22 months in prison for the April 22 2021 attack, in which he told Mr Hammersley the cutting of Mr Grimes was “f** all”. He appeared via videolink at Mold Crown Court for sentencing on Thursday. The window cleaned admitted wounding, having a bladed article, intimidating a witness and sending malicious communication. After Harries was put behind bars on Thursday, March 24, police released the mugshot taken of the jailed attacker.  In the photo taken by North Wales Police, Harries’ expression is one of shock, which prompted no small amount of ridicule on social media. Catherine Thomas said: “A picture tells a thousand words, or in this case just two: ‘Oh sh**!’” Justin Glaves asked: “What’s with the shocked expression or did he just remember he’d left the cooker on at home?” Harries held a grudge against Mr Hammersley, and went after Mr Grimes because of his friendship with the latter. READ MORE: Astonishing wage of P&O boss behind mass sacking5 Oliver King, prosecuting, told the court Mr Grimes was at his home when he heard shouting, and went to investigate. Harries was waiting for him, demanding to know if he was a “friend of Alec”. Once Mr Grimes said that he was, Harries replied: “A friend of Alec is my enemy.” He then stalked towards Mr Grimes, walking onto the driveway brandishing a knife. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: 'Firing squad' forms in Kremlin chaos in threat to Putin [LIVE] UK covid infections surge - Is your area one of the worst hotspots? [MAP] POLL: Do YOU think pensioners have been let down by Tory Party? [VOTE] Mr Grimes threw up his hand to deflect the attack before escaping back inside the property. He sustained an injury to his hand, with a cut measuring around one inch just below his little finger. He also suffered a light injury to the head. Harries was then arrested and released on bail, but with the strict instruction not to contact Mr Hammersley. He then sent Mr Hammersley a number of threatening messages on May 11, 2021, calling his victim “a grass”. Defending Harries, Simon Rogers said he “is adamant this will never happen again”. He added: "There have been issues with drugs previously, but he has resolved those." He said Mr Harries had a “good work record” and a solid business with hundreds of customers. He continued: "Through me, he wishes to apologise for his actions."