NBC's long-running crime drama Law and Order returned in February after its 12-year hiatus but in a huge blow to the show after only two episodes of its new outing, it appears fans are already tuning out. The much-loved show excited many onlookers but has failed to deliver what it once had, with its spin-off SVU still at the forefront of viewers' minds.  After a 20-year stint as one of NBC's most popular shows, the crime drama's fall in ratings forced the show off air in 2010. However, the show's spin-off Law and Order: Special Victims Unit has managed to continue its run to its 24th season with no extended breaks. The Law and Order franchise has nine titles under its belt, with some only lasting a season, while others still fight for screen time. The original picked up its 21st season, which premiered in February 2022. Read More: 90s TV presenters: Where are Pat Sharp, Jayne Middlemiss and Ortis Deley now?    Despite relaunching to a strong start, according to TVLine, the most recent episode drew 4.3 million total viewers and a 0.4 demo rating which is down on its premiere. The newest rating figures demonstrate an unwelcome blow to the supposedly new and improved series, with this meaning it's down 26 percent with its viewer numbers and down 43 per cent in its demo rating from episode one. The original show was nominated for and won many awards over its 20-year lifespan, securing an impressive 50 Emmy nominations. The reincarnation is a mixture of veteran cast members and new faces, with NBC sure to hope that this mild dip will not last.  The recent few episodes seemed to divide viewers, with @Macktheknife221 tweeting: "I'm very happy Law and Order is back. "Let's get some straightforward, punchy drama with minimal virtue signaling. Thanks @nbc I hope the views reflect the quality. #lawandorder." @filafresh seemed to be excited about the show's return: "The only Law and Order I KNOW AND RESPECT COMES ON NBC!!!!" "The Law and Order series may be the death of me. Anxiety level is off the meter. Another episode for the books," @TaylorGal4ev shared. DON’T MISS…Coronation Street twist as Daniel Osbourne begins affair with former flame? [SPOILERS]Emmerdale return for Megan Macey after Laurel betrayal in Kim Tate twist? [SPOILERS]Donny Osmond explains why he handed over iconic hit to Michael Jackson [LATEST]  However loyal viewer @RShaffer1 was not so keen on its rebirth: "The 'original' Law and Order is back on NBC, Thursday nights. The good news: it still has the old 'gong' song. The bad news: it's not very good. Mediocre writing, fair acting, takes MANY liberties with the way things actually are. (Other than that, it's 'fine'.)" @LimburgGarth added: "Watched the new Law and Order tonight. I wasn’t impressed. Waterson is too damn old. 81. Why did they bring him back? He can barely talk. They use much more profanity. Why? The new courtroom is too big. The original courtroom is much more intimate and real." (sic) At the time, news of the show's cancellation came as a shock to diehard fans, with them growing with the characters as the years went on. The show's unique perspective of showing both the views and thoughts of the detectives and prosecutors made it stand out and gave onlookers the chance to feel like they were solving the case with the team as they saw into the district attorney's office.   Returning cast members include District Attorney Jack (played by Sam Waterston) and Detective Kevin Bernard (played by Anthony Anderson). New characters included Bernard’s new partner, Frank Cosgrove (Jeffrey Donovan), Lt Kate Dixon (Camryn Manheim), senior prosecutorial assistant Nathan Price (Hugh Dancy) and ADA Samantha Maroun (Odelya Halevi). Law and Order season 21 continues Thursday on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 