Chelsea’s summer transfer plans have been thrown into doubt with several targets reportedly ‘nervous’ about joining the crisis club. The Blues have suffered from the ramifications of government sanctions on Roman Abramovich and are only able to operate under a special license.   Abramovich was sanctioned by the government a week ago due to his alleged association to Vladimir Putin. The Russian, who purchased Chelsea in 2003, had his UK assets seized. The repercussions for Chelsea have been extreme. The club are under an effective transfer ban, cannot agree new contracts, and their matchday expenses have been limited. A special license allows Thomas Tuchel’s side to fulfil the remainder of the season. It also limits their revenue stream to ensure no money goes into the pockets of Abramovich, with the club also unable to sell merchandise.   JUST IN: Liverpool's Salah issue is 'really serious' after 'negative meeting' The government are overseeing the sale of the club. Bidders have until Friday to submit their offers for the Stamford Bridge outfit. But that sale might not go through until the end of the season, leaving Chelsea’s transfer plans unclear. Tuchel was able to spend nearly £100million on one player – Romelu Lukaku – last year, but might not have that same luxury in the off-season. According to the Daily Mail, some of Chelsea’s targets are ‘nervous’ about the prospect of joining a club in such disarray. They could instead opt to sign for other clubs as the transfer window approaches.   DON'T MISS...Arsenal icon Ian Wright's message for Mikel Arteta's squadCristiano Ronaldo 'makes final decision on Man Utd future'Man Utd 'may not win title for 20 years' as next manager told to axe 5 In addition, agents are reportedly ‘looking elsewhere’ for the perfect destination for their clients. That strikes a major blow into Tuchel’s plans. Tuchel’s own future seems unclear. The German has been linked with the soon-to-be vacant Manchester United job, with Ralf Rangnick expected to step aside at the end of the season after failing to improve the Red Devils during his interim spell. Rangnick – who is set to become an advisor at Old Trafford – knows Tuchel well from their time in Germany and could persuade the Chelsea boss to make the switch. The possibility of rebuilding the 20-times English champions might be a tempting offer.    Tuchel, though, has insisted he remains ‘committed’ to Chelsea and would like to see out the two years that remain on his contract. "For sure, there's no doubt I stay until the end of the season,” he said after Chelsea defeated Newcastle on Sunday. He added: "The focus is on the first team - but Chelsea is much more than the first team in the Premier League. It's a massive club with huge tradition and hundreds and hundreds of people and for them it's important we show the spirit, give them a distraction and show them what we're about."   