Just weeks after its flagship Galaxy S22 series went on sale Samsung is back with another blockbuster event taking place tomorrow, March 17. The Korean firm has made it clear that this month's big Unpacked showcase will be all about its mid-range A-series devices but it has stopped short of revealing any more details until the online keynote begins. However, like most of Samsung's launches, full specs have begun leaking online and it's very bad news if you've just splashed out on an expensive flagship. According to the latest whispers from some top tech experts - including the ever-reliable Evan Blass - it seems fans will be treated to three new devices later this week including a budget call maker named the Galaxy A33. The leaked specs look pretty mighty with it thought that this phone will get a 6.4-inch screen OLED screen with a speedy refresh 90Hz rate. There's also a quad rear camera, huge 5,000mAh battery and some striking colours including gold and blue. That all sounds impressive but what's even better is the price as this device could land in pockets for under £380 - that's half the price of the new Galaxy S22. In fact, you could buy three of them for the same price as the new S22 Ultra Along with that A33 there's more good news as it also appears that Samsung will reveal a new Galaxy A53 and A73 at its “Awesome Galaxy A Event”. Recent leaks hint that A53 will get a bigger 6.5-inch screen with a faster 120Hz refresh rate. It will also feature a fast processor, quad rear camera and massive battery for all-day life. There's less news about the A73 but it's likely that this phone will get an even bigger screen and more power under the hood. If any of those rumours have got you excited then watch out for all the news coming tomorrow. Samsung recently teased the upcoming event with a message that states, "The Galaxy A series is Samsung Electronics’ most popular smartphone category, leading the democratisation of Galaxy innovations that is giving people the power to create, connect and thrive. "This year, Samsung is taking the impactful Galaxy innovations for the A series even further. The awesome new Galaxy A series devices are designed to provide the fully-loaded experience that people want from a smartphone." Express.co.uk will bring you all the announcements live and it could be a good time for anyone wanting a feature-packed phone on a budget.