Andy Murray has been pictured with Ivan Lendl for the first time since the pair reignited their player-coach relationship. Murray is set to stay in Miami at the conclusion of the upcoming Miami Open for a training block with the eight-time Grand Slam champion but Lendl has joined him for his preparations ahead of the tournament. Murray has struggle to find a coach since parting ways with Jamie Delgado in the off-season after more than five years together. He took on Jan De Witt for a trial period but did not extend their partnership after a disappointing second round loss at the Australian Open. He is yet to find a full-time travelling coach but recently announced he would be reuniting with Lendl for a training block at the conclusion of the Miami Open in preparation for the grass-court swing after announcing he would skip the clay season. It will be their third stint together, with the former world No 1 also working with Murray from 2011-2014 and again in 2016-2017. Lendl has been with Murray for all three of his Grand Slam title wins, his two Olympic gold medals and his ascent to world No 1. While the current world No 88 is only set to start training with his former coach after the Miami Open, they have now been spotted together ahead of the tournament which begins on Wednesday. JUST IN: Nadal concerns shared by former Federer coach ahead of Alcaraz clash  The pair were seen practicing at the Rick Macci tennis academy in Boca Raton after Murray's second-round exit in Indian Wells. Having also received a wildcard into this week's BNP Paribas Open he crashed out to tenth seed Jannik Sinner 7-5 6-2 in what was his fifth second-round loss in a row, going back to the Australian Open. He is now hoping to end his streak of early exits in Miami, where he has not played since 2016 when he was last working with Lendl. The three-time Grand Slam champion recently explained this was part of the driving force behind his reunion with his former coach. "It is about just getting back to playing better tennis really. I have had some good results over the last couple of years but the consistency of them has been poor and that is because my level of tennis I am playing hasn’t been that high," he explained. DON'T MISSKyrgios slams Zverev comparison after Nadal Indian Wells outburstNadal draws Alcaraz comparison as he downplays Indian Wells chancesRoger Federer fires warning to Djokovic and Nadal - 'Not over yet'  The former world No 1 was also taking confidence from Lendl's continued belief in him as he continues to come back from a hip resurfacing surgery he underwent in 2019. Murray continued: "I trust a lot in what Ivan says. We obviously had some excellent results together in the past. It means a lot to me that he is still willing to help me and believes that I can achieve great results. I trust him in that, too. I still feel like it is possible. "If he didn’t believe that, I don’t think he would work with me, and I think he would tell me. So, I am looking forward to it. I hope there are better results ahead. In the short term, after the Miami tournament I will spend a large portion of time in Orlando, training there, close to where he is based at Vero Beach." 