Ukraine has been attacked by Russia for more than five days, and the local army has put up a staunch defence of its nation. But Vladimir Putin's army has been creeping closer and closer to the main Ukrainian cities, including the capital of Kyiv. Russian artillery strikes killed at least 70 Ukrainian soldiers on Monday night, Ukraine officials have claimed. Putin's army is slowly making its way closer to Kyiv, and satellite images showed an armoured convoy that's about 40 miles long. But Kyiv's defence has been strong so far, with limited Russian activity over the past few days. However, there are still some major battles elsewhere across the country, including in the southern city of Mariupol, and the eastern city of Kharkiv. READ MORE: Have Your Say: Should we pressure China to its turn back on Russia? The latest territorial control map has been released by the Institute For The Study Of War (ISW), for about 8pm on Tuesday, March 1. It showed the area directly north of Kyiv under Russian control, while some forces appeared to be heading around the capital city to the west. The Ukrainian army can't stop the Russians from surrounding Kyiv, and the pincer movement would make the city's fall more likely. However, its defence has been heroic thus far, and it could take longer than expected for Russia to gain control of the city. Elsewhere, three separate brigades launched attacks on Kharkiv within the past 48 hours, the ISW said. Russian troops are attacking from the Russian city of Belgorod, which is extremely close to the Ukraine border. Sumy is becoming increasingly surrounded by Russian troops, as well as the northeast city of Chernihiv. Chernobyl remains under Putin's grasp, after falling to the Russians at the end of last week. DON'T MISSDan Walker leaves Raab squirming with Ukrainian refugee probe [VIDEO]Hungary denies passage for crucial weapons to reach Ukraine [NEWS]Putin looking 'puffy faced' as actions 'driven by personal factors' [ANALYSIS] The ISW said: "Russian forces are completing the reinforcement and resupply of their troops north and west of Kyiv. "[They are] launching an envelopment of the capital likely aimed at encircling and ultimately capturing it. This effort will likely accelerate in the next 24-48 hours. "Russian troops claim to have encircled Mariupol and have reportedly entered the city of Kherson in the south. "The Russian effort around Kyiv remains poorly organised, however, with elements of many different battalions combined into what seem to be ad hoc groupings rather than operating under standing regiment or brigade headquarters." Air raid sirens have consistently been heard in Kyiv over the past few days. Analysts warned that another Russian assault on the capital could develop within the next 24 hours. On Monday, Ukraine and Russian officials met on the Belarus border to discuss an end to the conflict. But the talks ultimately ended in failure, with both sides agreeing to meet again in the next few days, according to Russia.