Arsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale has snubbed the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo and Mohamed Salah by revealing that Jamie Vardy is the player he most 'hates' playing against. Ramsdale joined the Gunners in the summer in a £30million deal but has plied his trade in the Premier League for the last three years. After a stunning loan spell in League One with AFC Wimbledon, Ramsdale jumped up the pecking order to feature for Bournemouth, where he earned rave reviews. Unfortunately, his stint was cut short following relegation, with Sheffield United snapping him up; only for the same thing to occur at Bramall Lane. However, Ramsdale has impressed since his surprise summer switch to the Emirates and has played a key part in an Arsenal side who are on the cusp of ending their multi-year exile from the Champions League. And the Gunners shot-stopper has opened up on his toughest Premier League opponent - and it isn't who you might expect. JUST IN: Roy Keane claims six Man Utd stars should never play for club again in post-Man City rant “The one I hate playing against most is Jamie Vardy," Ramsdale revealed. "The guy just doesn’t stop running. "I’d love to have him on my team, hate playing against him. I’ve played against him five times now, he’s scored four times.” While Salah and Ronaldo have pinched the headlines for the majority of the season, Vardy has been one of the most consistent goalscorers in the top-flight over the past few years. DON'T MISSMan Utd players ‘angry’ after Cristiano Ronaldo fails to show for Man City clashGary Neville tears into 'embarrassing' Man Utd against Man City - 'I've never seen that'Barcelona's ridiculous XI if Erling Haaland and three other players join Xavi's team Vardy was instrumental in Leicester's iconic title win back in 2016. But with Leicester struggling under Brendan Rodgers this year, it's Ramsdale and Arsenal who currently harbour ambitions of breaking up the monopoly that Liverpool and Manchester City have established at the summit of the Premier League. While that may still be some way off, Mikel Arteta has quietly steered the Gunners back into the conversation for Champions League football with some astute signings. Ramsdale has arguably been the pick of the bench - despite fans and pundits criticising the move back in the summer. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ However, Arteta never doubted the 23-year-old's quality. And the Spaniard revealed that Ramsdale's character played a key role in persuading him that the shot-stopper was the perfect fit for his rebuilding project at the Emirates. “The day I spoke with him for the first time on the phone," Arteta said back in December. “That is when I realised he had a special personality and was going to fit in really well with what we are trying to do, and the way we want our players to behave."