With energy bills rising in two weeks, the money saving expert explained that some people could be owed £750 through winter funds launched by some energy firms. British Gas’ Winter Fund gives eligible customers up to £750 toward the cost of their energy bills. The company says the average payout per grant so far has been £510. In April, the average energy bill is set to rise by 54 percent as the price cap is increased significantly. The cap is rising from £1,277 a year to £1,971 on April 1, with further rises expected from October. The financial journalist says many households are paying even more than that. On ITV’s This Morning last week, Mr Lewis answered a viewer's question about the rising prices. READ MORE: 'A gross, terrible error' Retiree, 77, devastated after losing home in heartbreaking scam National Energy Action is a charity that helps Brits with fuel poverty. Many energy companies have launched hardship funds to help customers with rising fuel bills and associated debt. British Gas has launched its British Gas Winter Fund, which gives eligible customers up to £750 toward the cost of their energy bills. Through this fund, thousands of eligible British Gas customers with energy debt of between £250 – £750 will be able to apply for a grant to help pay what they owe. British Gas says the average payout per grant so far has been £510. Other similar grants include the Ovo Energy Fund, E.ON Energy Fund, Bulb Energy Fund and the EDF Energy Customer Support Fund. British Gas also has an Energy Trust Individual and Families grant that gives money off unpaid energy bills. This is open to all customers, not just those with British Gas. The scheme will reopen on July 1. Energy providers can also set up payment plans to help customers with bills. Alternatively the Warm Home Discount is available to some people on benefits with more information available at Citizens Advice. The scheme could help you take £140 off your bills. Shelter also provides information to help people struggling to pay their energy bills - it can give more details of the Warm Home Discount and explain what you can get dependent on your particular circumstance. This Morning airs weekdays on ITV from 10.30am.