Loose Women panellists Ruth Langsford, Frankie Bridge, Janet Street-Porter and Kelle Bryan were joined by Marichka Padalko to get an insight into what the current situation in Ukraine is like and how she is coping with the coverage. After explaining to the ladies that she and her team had moved to their backup studio in an undisclosed location, Marichka had to cut the ladies short as evacuation sirens were sounded. As Ruth kicked off the interview and began to speak with Marichka about how she was feeling, their chat was interrupted as she revealed she had to make an emergency broadcast. She explained: "I work at the backup studio, and we have to pick up and fill in every time we have an alert in Kyiv. "Guys, I know we have been preparing for this interview for a long time and making arrangements, but what we are hearing now in the studio is that the airstrike was just announced in the studio. "I am having to live broadcast now, which means I have three minutes only to fill in, that's why I am here, but unfortunately, I have to say goodbye and maybe join you on another occasion." READ MORE: Coronation Street arrival for Daisy Midgeley's family with new set? Ruth understood and said: "Absolutely, we totally understand, so you're saying the sirens have gone off and you are told there is an airstrike coming?" Marichka explained: "Gone off in the place of where we are broadcasting right now, in a different place, so we are the back-up studio so we have to fill in because they cannot broadcast any longer. "That is why I am saying goodbye, we never expected it to happen, but it has happened." Ruth told her: "Please go, be safe, you and your colleagues, please go we will try and get back to you if we can." Viewers who watched on and witnessed the ongoing fear Ukrainians are currently experiencing, and the pressures Marichka and her team are under, took to Twitter to express their worry and support. Elle-Rae commented: "Having to say goodbye because you're fearing for your life... I can't even imagine #LooseWomen." Chris Doyle added: "That is awful, jeez #LooseWomen." Louise McGregor praised: "What a wonderful strong lady that reporter is. I can’t imagine what they are all going through #LooseWomen." DON'T MISS...Janet Street-Porter sparks outrage in NHS obesity row [INSIGHT]Loose Women cancelled: ITV show taken off air in schedule shake-up [LATEST]Loose Women's Carol claims Queen is 'protecting us from Charles' [WATCH] Dawn emotionally tweeted: "My goodness, that broke my heart to watch, hope Marichka and her colleagues stay safe #LooseWomen." Sally Price exclaimed: "Just absolutely shocking. Stay safe, Marichka, incredible woman. God Bless Xx #loosewomen." Julia Kearney said: "@MarichkaPadalko #LooseWomen. I have just watched your interview. Your strength is beyond amazing. My heart is with you all." (sic) After a while, they were able to get Marichka back online and back live on air where she explained what had happened. She said: "We fill in as a backup studio, so we fill in every time the people working in a different studio cannot do their show because of air alerts. "So there was an air alert, and we had to get ready to go online, but fortunately, nothing happened, and we could come back here." Speaking about her children and husband, who she hasn't seen since February 24, she said: "One of your colleagues asked me this morning, 'How are you?' and I didn't know what was the correct answer. "It was in terms that I am alive, my parents and children are alive, and my husband gave me a call this morning, I think I am good compared to people who are under heavy shelling." Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV.