Homeowners across the country face a postcode lottery as electricity bills are expected to rise significantly in some areas but remain relatively stable in others. Power companies plan to upgrade Britain's electricity systems to prepare the grid to reach the UK's net-zero strategy by 2050. This includes making people's homes and the wider grid capable of coping with increased demand from net-zero technologies. Customers are expected to pay for upgrades, with the money going to distribution network operators that own and run power lines in the country. These costs already make up around a sixth of customers' overall energy bills - at around £100 a year on average.  Ofgem's policy states that bills for net-zero improvements, such as increased electric car charging ports, will be spread over around 45 years rather than 20 years that had previously been used. Some operators are pressuring Ofgem to allow them to charge customers more now than spreading costs over a longer period. Northern Powergrid submitted a draft plan to Ofgem which sets out ambitions to increase customers' bills by about 5 percent on average in the hopes of meeting net-zero targets. However, some companies have said they won't add anything to consumers' annual bills for at least five years but Northern Powergrid insists this risks causing "our children’s generation” having to foot the bill instead. READ MORE: Fears over physical and mental health after IPCC issues global warning The northern-based company also claimed spreading costs would make the bills cheaper in the short term but lead to higher prices overall after interest. Paul Glendinning, Northern Powergrid’s director of policy and markets, said: “Today’s children, and their children, will be hard hit by Ofgem’s policy. “We do not know what cost of living problems our children will face, and we do not think it is fair that Ofgem is guaranteeing they start from a worse position than today’s customers.” He added: “Even at current levels of investment, this new approach will more than double in real terms the size of the financial investment in distribution networks that customers have to pay interest on by about 2060. The extra investments needed to meet net-zero will further add to this.  DON'T MISS:Energy bills: The flooring that could slash 10 percent off energy bill [INSIGHT]'Confusing' Child Benefit rule puts thousands at risk of shock bills [ANALYSIS]How to prevent 40% heat loss in your home as energy bills soar [COMMENT] “In contrast, customers today are benefiting from the old approach of paying back each year’s investment relatively quickly – because it means they are paying less today for previous investments. In fact, they are paying nothing for investments we made as recently as 2000, since these have already been fully paid for. “The previous approach to repaying electricity distribution investments is therefore helping to soften today’s cost of living crisis, although this is easily overlooked as it was already built into bills.” In a press statement, Ofgem said their policy "will significantly cut investor returns to make sure consumers pay a fair price for energy whilst networks attract the investment they need to be safe and green". 