Newcastle United have laughed off links to Paris Saint-Germain superstar Neymar and have settled on a summer transfer budget that will likely surprise many, given the Saudi-backed fantasy widely discussed in the buildup. Eddie Howe is set to be handed less than the £90million he spent in January to bolster his squad ahead of the 2022/23 season. The Magpies were the Premier League's top spenders in the winter transfer window, in what many presumed was just a taster of the expenditure to come this summer and beyond. However, they are expected to act within the restrictions of a lower budget than January's in what should still be a period of change. The Telegraph report that Newcastle have poured cold water on suggestions that their Saudi-backed consortium ownership possesses the power to pursue Europe's most stellar names immediately. And senior figures were 'amused' reading recent links to a £200m move for Neymar. Newcastle board member - and temporary chief executive - Amanda Staveley, chief scout Steve Nickson and manager Eddie Howe recently held a recruitment meeting, where they laid out surprisingly meagre summer plans. Instead, the club will aim for 'room to manoeuvre' under Financial Fair Play (FFP) rules. JUST IN: Leeds stance on selling Phillips amid Real Madrid and Man Utd interest Whilst the Telegraph haven't heard a precise figure, Howe's summer budget is expected to be around £60m. The Magpies boss hopes to make up to four signings whilst staying in line with his squad's current wage structure. There isn't likely to be a significant increase in the £100,000 the top earners currently rake in weekly. The club's reserved stance could be with next January in mind. If not enough space is left for winter signings, they could risk breaching FFP. Funds can also be raised through player sales and cutting the wage bill; Isaac Hayden, Jamal Lewis and Ciaran Clark were excluded from Newcastle's latest 25-man Premier League squad. READ MORE: Man Utd learn staggering fee it will take to sign Declan Rice The Tyneside outfit's hesitance to splash big cash in the summer will surprise many, given their newfound status as the world's 'richest club'. However, becoming a European powerhouse overnight was never in the plans of the Saudi Arabia Public Investment Fund (PIF), Staveley or Jamie Reuben. Optimism is growing amid a run of excellent results under Howe's guidance, but there will still be internal caution over Newcastle's Premier League survival. But once that is confirmed, preparations for the summer window will likely develop further. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.