The National Eye Institute explained that as age-related cataracts grow, symptoms of the condition begins to emerge. One such sign of a cataract is your vision becoming "cloudy or blurry". Colours may seem faded, night vision might decrease, and you might notice a halo around light sources. In fact, any lamps, headlights, or even natural sunlight might seem "too bright". "Over time, cataracts can lead to vision loss," the National Eye Institute cautioned. If you suspect you might have a cataract, you are strongly advised to book an eye appointment with an optometrist. As well as older age, other risk factors for developing cataracts include: What causes cataracts? From the age of 40, proteins in the lens of your eye begin to break down and clump together. READ MORE: Vaccinated aspiring model, 21, has both legs amputated after traumatic Covid complications "Over time, cataracts can lead to vision loss," the National Eye Institute cautioned. If you suspect you might have a cataract, you are strongly advised to book an eye appointment with an optometrist. As well as older age, other risk factors for developing cataracts include: Having diabetes Smokers Drinking too much alcohol Have spent a lot of time in the sun Those who take steroids And having an eye injury. What causes cataracts? From the age of 40, proteins in the lens of your eye begin to break down and clump together. READ MORE: Vaccinated aspiring model, 21, has both legs amputated after traumatic Covid complications Moreover, as with all aspects of your health, being a non-smoker is highly recommended. People are also encouraged by the eye experts to "eat healthy" by consuming "plenty of fruits and vegetables". In particular, "dark, leafy greens", such as spinach, kale, and collard greens are good for your eye sight. The eye health experts added: "If you’re age 60 or older, get a dilated eye exam at least once every two years." An optometrist can check for cataracts as part of a painless dilated eye exam. This will involve being given drops to dilate the pupil so that your eyes can be checked for cataracts and other eye problems. If cataracts are diagnosed in the earliest of stages, home treatment can include: A new prescription for glasses or contacts might be needed to help you see better. In more severe cases, when the cataract interferes with reading, driving, or watching TV, surgery might be recommended. The NHS explained: "Cataract surgery involves replacing the cloudy lens inside your eye with an artificial one." The procedure has a "high success rate" in improving your eyesight, but it can take up to six weeks to fully recover from the operation. "You can choose to put off having surgery for a while and have regular check-ups to monitor the situation," the NHS added. "There are no medicines or eye drops that have been proven to improve cataracts or stop them getting worse."