Manchester United have a glorious opportunity to steal Thomas Tuchel from Chelsea in their managerial hunt, according to Jamie Carragher. Tuchel's Chelsea future could be in doubt after the United Kingdom Government sanctioned owner Roman Abramovich on Thursday. There is an air of uncertainty around the Blues' future after the UK Government sanctioned seven Russian oligarchs with connections to Russian President Vladimir Putin, Abramovich being one of them. It comes as Russia's invasion of Ukraine continues, with three people, including a child, killed after a Russian airstrike on a children's and maternity hospital in Mariupol on Wednesday. The NY Times report Tuchel and club chief Marina Granovskaia have been left shocked and can't get their heads around the news. With the sanctions affecting Chelsea's upcoming transfer business, along with every other revenue stream, both of their futures are thought to be in doubt. JUST IN: Chelsea's Abramovich sanctions could reshape Arsenal's transfer plans  In his latest Telegraph column, Carragher claimed he believes Tuchel should be United's 'number one target' in their ongoing search for a new permanent manager. The ex-Liverpool defender stated it's a 'no-brainer' for both parties, given Tuchel will be starved of clarity of what the future holds at Chelsea. He wrote: "Manchester United have been presented with the ideal opportunity to recruit the manager who should be their number one target: Thomas Tuchel. "All roads have been leading towards Mauricio Pochettino since the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. After Paris St-Germain's latest Champions League failure, Pochettino will be available soon. "But he may have stronger competition for the United job than he could have imagined." READ MORE: PSG speak out on Mauricio Pochettino's future after Real Madrid loss  He continued: "Given the events at Chelsea, United's decision to wait until the end of the season presents them with a choice no-one could have foreseen. "One of the best managers in the world – the current Fifa coach of the year – must be top of their list. Tuchel, like everyone else at Stamford Bridge, will have no idea what the future holds at his current club. "No-one can offer him any assurances about how the squad will look at the start of next season given the club's sale is on hold. No manager wants to be working amid such a background of uncertainty. "If he gets the chance to leave for a club of United's stature, he must take it. United can offer him the security and backing every top coach craves. "Yes, it will seem a predatory move – taking advantage of Chelsea's crisis – but from United and Tuchel's perspective the more you consider it, the more of a no-brainer it is." United have been strongly linked with Pochettino and Ajax boss Erik ten Hag in their hunt for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's successor. But Tuchel could now be a genuine target, and he is only one of a select few whose reputations are anywhere near Pep Guardiola and Jurgen Klopp's. Since joining Chelsea in January 2021, he has guided the club to every cup final possible, winning the Champions League. And whilst United making a move for the German coach would be shocking, it could be something he's interested in, especially if he's unable to prevent some of his top stars from leaving in the coming window. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.