The Xbox Series X has been on store shelves for over a year now ...but the in-demand Microsoft console is still really tough to come by. And with the recent Microsoft acquisition of Call of Duty makers Activision Blizzard, we wouldn't be surprised if there's now even more interest in both the Xbox Series X and S consoles than before. If you're one of the lucky ones that managed to pick up this powerful system during one of the restocks, then you could be looking for some extra accessories. And you have plenty of options to choose from, with some great controller and headset options out there, plus a few different ways you can get extra space for games on your Xbox Series X or Xbox Series S. If you're looking for some accessories for the Xbox Series X, Express.co.uk has rounded up some of the options you need to consider... Out of the box, you'll have a single controller to use with your new Series X console. This latest design from Microsoft has been slightly tweaked compared to the previous generation, with the addition of a 3.5mm audio port to headphones without an additional accessory and a dedicated Share button, which can be used to take screenshots and video (or customised within settings to do anything else). But if you're looking to get an additional controller for your Xbox Series X, then there are a few options from Microsoft you should consider. The most cost-effective option is getting one of the standard first-party Xbox Series X and S controller, which comes in a range of colours. You can get these joypads in either the black or white that comes as standard with the Series X or S, which is priced at £54.99.  Or you can get these controllers in some of the other colours Microsoft offers like Blue or Pulse Red. Once again, these controllers will cost £54.99. But there are some other themed controllers out there that will fetch you back a bit more – such as the 20th-anniversary controller or the gorgeous Forza Horizon 5 joypad. Xbox joypads have long been known to be an extremely comfortable controller, with great ergonomics that make it comfortable for playing for long periods of time. So, going straight for a first-party controller – instead of a third-party one – is definitely your best bet. If you want the best Xbox controller money can buy, then the Elite Wireless Controller Series 2 will be the one for you. This controller is priced at £159.99 - which is just £90 less than the price of the Series S – so you'll need a hefty budget at your disposal. However, you'll be getting what you paid for: the Elite Series 2 offers pro gaming quality that's built for performance, as well as huge customisation options. You can remove parts and replace them with others to create over 30 different ways to use the Elite Series 2 controller. You'll also get adjustable-tension thumbsticks, wrap-around rubberised grip and much more. And if you shop around you can find the Elite controller at a reduced price.  Another option we'd recommend to Xbox Series X owners is to head to Microsoft's Xbox Design Lab and create your own unique Series X and S controller design. This is something that sets Xbox apart from PlayStation, which doesn't offer a way to tweak the colour palette of its accessories. In contrast, Microsoft bundles a mammoth number of customisation options, including rubberised grips, the style of the D-pad, the colour of the face buttons, triggers, and more. Prices begin from £59.99 for an Xbox Design Lab controller, but rise depending on what customisation options you choose (such as personal engraving, rubberised back grips and metallic colours). Still, if you go for the base options that's not much more expensive than buying one of the standard Xbox Series X or S controllers - which is very reasonable given the huge customisation options at gamers' disposal. Microsoft Wireless Headset If you're after a headset for your Xbox Series X or S you have a wide range of options to choose from – with renowned third-party accessory makers like Turtle Beach, Razer and SteelSeries all making Xbox headsets. Unsurprisingly, one of the options is the Microsoft-designed Xbox Wireless Headset. Crafted by the same team that created the Xbox Series X, it sports a similar design aesthetic that will fit perfectly with your console and controllers. This headset can be used on the Xbox Series X and S, as well as the Xbox One and Windows devices. However, if you want to use your new gaming headset with another console, like the Nintendo Switch ...you're out of luck. It pairs directly with an Xbox console and offers support for spatial sound technologies such as Dolby Atmos. Unfortunately though, you will need to purchase a license to use this feature - which is priced at £10.99. That's a real shame as we'd usually expect that to be incorporated into the cost of buying a dedicated headset – that shouts about its support for Dolby's clever audio technology on the box – for your new Xbox Series X. The official Xbox Wireless Headset is available at a pretty reasonable £89.99.   HyperX Cloud Alpha Headset However, if you want another option ...and one that works with other consoles in your collection, look no further than the HyperX Cloud Alpha. This is a brilliant gaming headset that is compatible with all current-generation consoles, including the Xbox Series X|S, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 5. At its price point, you'll struggle to find another headset that offers the same build quality and audio performance. Out of the box, the first you'll notice about the Cloud Alpha is the subdued styling. There's not a single RBG light in sight! In fact, this headset looks closer to the studio set of headphones than a gaming headset – for our money, that's a huge advantage over the competition. If you need to take these headphones with you to plug into the 3.5mm audio port on a plane to watch movies without the terrible freebie headphones handed out by the flight attendants or want to use the headset to join a video call for work... nobody is going to bat an eyelid, something that cannot be said for some of the competition. HyperX Cloud Alpha is available in a choice of Red, Black, or Purple. The latter has a white shell with purple accents on the arms and the headband cushion, while the other two options are predominantly black. There's also a limited edition Cloud 9 variant that replaces the HX logo with the insignia used by the prominent esports organisation and adds vibrant blue colour to the stitching and metal arm. The second thing you'll likely notice about the HyperX Cloud Alpha is the build quality. At £64.99, this is a mid-range headset, but it feels much comparable to rival kit with a three-figure price tag. HP has used aluminium for the arms that secure the earcups, which feels sturdy. There's a good amount of resistance when adjusting the sizing of the headband, so you don't need to worry about the headset springing back to the default size when you take off the headset for a quick break. The leatherette memory foam padding used in the earcups for the HyperX Cloud Alpha are supremely comfy. During our testing, we spent hours blasting through Zombies in Back 4 Blood talking constantly with teammates with voice chat and the Cloud Alpha never became tiresome. Despite the aluminium used throughout the design, the headset remains pleasantly lightweight, so there's minimal pressure on the top of your head. Those plush memory foam pads also provide some solid noise isolation during gameplay too. Even without active noise-cancellation, the HyperX Cloud Alpha does a good job of ensuring that you'll always be able to hear the tell-tale sound of footsteps creeping up behind you, the satisfying thud of a well placed shot, or the thunder of an engine ...no matter what else is happening in the room around you. And that brings us nicely to sound quality. HyperX says that its Cloud Alpha headset is enhanced by its "dual chamber drivers", which are designed to provide less distortion. For our money, it's difficult to tell exactly what the dual chamber design is doing to improve audio performance – but the HyperX Cloud Alpha sound great. There's a good amount of bass that provides a satisfying rumble without being too overbearing. The microphone is detachable – another good reason you'll be inclined to use the HyperX Cloud Alpha for more than just online gaming – and is certified by Discord and TeamSpeak. It boasts noise-cancellation to ensure that your voice will come through loud and clear, even if you're not in a silent room. In every aspect of its design, the HyperX Cloud Alpha feels like it has been designed with feedback from gamers ...rather than what a multi-national conglomerate thinks that gamers want. The 3.5mm plug means you won't need to upgrade to a new headset if you decide to upgrade from a PlayStation 4 to an Xbox Series X, for example. Or if you buy a Nintendo Switch to play on-the-move ...the HyperX Cloud Alpha works too. Likewise, PC gamers will also be able to take advantage of this brilliant mid-range headset. The braided cable and aluminium headband both feels incredibly durable – not a given at this price point. And of course, most important of all, the sound quality and microphone are solid. If you're looking for a good all-rounder gaming headset that won't be tied with one particular console in your collection, the HyperX Cloud Alpha is a great choice. Highly recommended. If you have an Xbox Series X or S you may be looking at ways to expand your storage ...especially if you have the Series S model, which arrives with a built-in hard drive that's half the size of the pricier Series X. Yes, while the Xbox Series X comes with a 1TB SSD and the Series S has a 512GB SSD, in terms of usuable storage (as crucial system files will take up space out of the box) the Series X has 802GB and the Series S has 364GB. And when you factor in the size of next-gen games – such as Forza Horizon 5 taking up around 100GB – then you may need to expand your storage at some point to install all the games you want to play. Features like Quick Resume, which lets you suspend half a dozen games so they're ready to jump back into within seconds, only works for games stored on the internal SSD or the official expansion card. This Microsoft-approved method is currently only being produced by Seagate. These cute little accessories may remind 90s gamers of the memory cards you'd need for the PS1, but instead of a few blocks of memory for save data these cards are loaded with state-of-the-art SSD storage. You can get a Seagate Expansion Card in 512GB or 1TB sizes. The RRPs are £159.99 and £219.99, but if you hunt around you can get these modern-day memory cards at a reduced price.  Amazon has been known to drop the price of the 1TB Seagate Expansion Card, so keep a close eye on the retailer's storefront. And Amazon also stocks the 512GB Seagate Expansion card, and the retailer has another option you may want to consider. As mentioned earlier, if you hook up an external hard drive to your Series X or S you can't install next-gen games to play on it. You can store Series X and S games on an external hard-drive, and if you want to play them you'll have to transfer it to your internal SSD. However, there are a few things to point out. If you use an external hard drive you can put Xbox One, Xbox 360 and original Xbox games on it and play these games without any impact on the features available. Of course, you won't benefit from the super-fast load times and SSD offers, but this will help free up plenty of space on your internal storage.  And there's one competitively priced option you can turn to. This hard drive Express.co.uk recommends is the Seagate Game Drive for Xbox, which offers a whopping 2TB worth of space. It's priced at £62.99 on Amazon (at the time of writing) - which is considerably less than the Seagate SSD cards - and also comes bundled with one month's access to Game Pass for free. If you're looking for a cost-effective way to free up space on your Xbox, this is a great option. You'll still be able to play Xbox One, 360 and OG Xbox games from this hard drive - while making space for Series X and S games on your internal SSD. Plus, interestingly, in our tests Express.co.uk found the Quick Resume Series X and S feature even works on games installed on this non-SSD external hard drive. Certain games which required internet connection at start up broke Quick Resume, but for other games it worked flawlessly. 