Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta admits his players' mentality is still wrong when it comes to winning the big games. This season, the Gunners have been adept at recording the wins against teams lower in the division such as their next opponents Watford. But they have struggled to compete with the very best teams in the division - the ones they must find a way to match if they are ever to return to the glory years at the start of Arsene Wenger’s reign. The turnaround win against Wolves last time out shows there is at least some renewed backbone in the side. But a frustrating lack of consistency means the clubs are well off the title pace, although their games in hand, if won, would at least lift them into the top four. And Arteta puts it all down to a lack of killer instinct. “The best teams have a killer instinct, and a mentality that is: ‘there is only winning’,” Arteta said. “Win today, tomorrow, the next day’s training and the following one. “That culture and that education has to be set. It takes a little bit of time and that’s what we need. “The moment that is instilled, not only in the players but the staff around you – the coaches, the club, the director, the board and the crowd - then it is extremely powerful. “I don’t think just beating the lower teams will be enough. “We need to win the games like we played against Manchester City at home. “And when you play at that level you have to win the match. You can’t not win the match when you play against City with ten men for long periods for example.” Arsenal’s form generally seems to flip over with the calendar. Three defeats out of three in August were followed by four wins from four in September. October and November were mixed but then five wins on the bounce in December were followed by a complete failure to win anything in January. Three wins from three games in February might raise a few concerns about what contrasting fortunes March might bring. “That’s what we have to achieve. That’s why we’re still not there and consistency is a big word – not that much related to performances but as well how you’re able to get results.”