A few parents and grandparents venture out to push their young on swings, await them at the bottom of slides, or run alongside them on merry-go-rounds. But these are stolen moments, a rare chance to feel the freedom of fresh air, bask in the sun and forget the fear of being buried alive at night from a missile knocked off its deadly course. Not a day goes by now when at least one or more apartment blocks are not hit by Russian shelling of the capital. There’s a large tourist bus parked in front of the synagogue near my home with a sign on the windscreen that reads “children” in Ukrainian. It certainly would not be noticed by a Russian artillery battery miles outside the city. As of March 18, over 100 children in Ukraine have been killed by Russian missiles, artillery, mortars and small arms. With most of these casualties occurring where evacuation columns are often not able to get through, the real number is likely much higher. In some places, rescuers are simply still unable to get to all those trapped under the rubble of flattened buildings, including kindergartens and schools. They themselves often come under fire by Russian troops. My own children were shocked awake by four explosions that rocked a nearby street. The door of our flat shook as if an earthquake was taking place. Many of Ukraine’s children have been evacuated from cities under siege, some crossing the western border with their mothers as refugees. Many more have not and cannot. More than one has been shot dead or mortared while travelling in evacuation convoys or trying to steal out in cars with their parents during the early daysof the war. Perhaps amazingly, at least 725 newborns have come into the world in Kyiv since the war started over three weeks ago. My neighbour, a decent and easy-going man of about 30, can always be seen escorting his heavily pregnant wife to the basement of the school across the street as air raid sirens shriek at all hours of the day. The middle-aged woman in the local grocery store looks haggard from weeks weighing vegetables and tallying bills by hand for mostly cash-strapped pensioners. At one point she answers her mobile phone and I hear her young daughter making silly noises on the other end. The woman smiles, I smile, and no doubt the child is smiling as her mother tells her she will be home soon and not to worry. For the children of Ukraine and for us all, there is still some hope, but it is wearing thin.