He said that “four or five guys” don’t have access to rehearsal rooms that are turned into wine bars and flats now. He said in an interview with the Daily Mirror: "Working-class kids can't afford to do it now, because guitars are expensive, there's no rehearsal rooms. They've all been turned into wine bars and flats.” “There's lots of singer-songwriters, loads of middle-class bands... wearing guitars as opposed to playing them. But four or five guys from a council estate can't afford guitars." Noel Gallagher “split up” with his brother, Liam in 2009 who recently admitted regretting the unfortunate decision. However, the brothers are still known to be not on speaking terms. Talking about the situation, he said: “We should never have split up, but we did, and this is where we’re at. “I’d love Oasis to get back together. If it happens, it happens. But I’m quite happy doing [my solo career]. “But you know I love him. We split up nearly 13 years ago. It’s ridiculous. We can go on about whose fault it is, but he’s his own man. If he really wanted to get in contact, for my mum’s sake, he could do it, but he obviously doesn’t want to. There are only so many olive branches you can offer.” Noel was asked about a reunion, saying he “doesn’t feel like it”.  “People ask me that question on a daily basis and I can only say to you that, I just don’t feel like it. When you’re in a band, it’s an absolute compromise so no I don’t think I could come up with an idea and then run it by four people, and then six weeks later, somebody knocks it back because their cat’s got a cough so I like to march to the beat of my own drum. Oasis is done I’m afraid.” Noel also spoke about the band, Oasis's success as the fans still purchase the physical albums. He said: "Oasis sold 480,000 albums in 2021. It's ­unbelievable, as people don't buy albums. Liam keeps the flame alive.” The Don't Look Back In Anger hitmaker shared about his 10-year-old son's love for music. He said: "I got a little knot in my stomach because I was like, ‘He’s only 10’, you know what I mean? He's not been playing that long, he's not even been interested in it that long.  "And there was a little thing, like a projector thing of who it was and what they were going to play, and it came up '20th Century Boy’ by T.Rex, and I was like, ‘Get in there son!’ and he had it. "He had it down. He had the riff. He played a blinder and even did a little [motions] at the end. And I’ve never been so proud of anything or anyone in my life. It was great, it was amazing." He further added: “When I go up there to say goodnight to him I say, ‘What you playing, mate?’ He showed me, and I genuinely did not know how to play this riff, Back In Black, which is a famous riff. “He’s a rocker, he likes AC/DC and Queen, it’s f-ing great. I hope he hasn’t started too early so that when he gets to 18 he’s bored of it. He’s my little protégé.”