Since Russia invaded much global push back against Russia's regime and the Oligarchs that benefit from aligning themselves with Putin have been sanctioned. The Squatters on the roof were very happy to speak to Mr Gooderson and were eager to get the reasons why they were protesting out to the world. The squatters decided to take sanctions and punishment into their own hands, instead of waiting for the Government to do more. LBC reporter James Gooderson asked: "How many people are protesting?" The squatter replied: "There's about five of us up here now. "But there are thousands who want to see this war end, who want to see a country that treats refugees humanely. "And does not give Oligarchs and people who choose to hide their wealth and who chose to profit off misery a place where they can live freely.  JUST IN: Putin braces for coup as 'disgruntled' top Russian generals turn on Kremlin chief The squatter added: "We say no to that! "We want to welcome refugees and we want to tell Oligarchs to F*ck Off." Many Brits have been calling for those who benefitted from Putin's regime to be sanctioned in the UK. Roman Abramovich is one of the latest to be punished, only recently did he put his precious Chelsea Football Club up for sale.  READ MORE: Prince Harry was 'fighting back tears' after Commonwealth Day snub claim    Western politician Liz Truss has been working hard to announce multiple sanctions for Russia. The list of  Russians who have been sanctioned in the UK includes, Oleg Deripaska, Igor Sechin, Andrey Kostin, Nikolai Tokarev and Alexei Miller.  Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said: "Today’s sanctions show once again that oligarchs and kleptocrats have no place in our economy or society. With their close links to Putin, they are complicit in his aggression. "The blood of the Ukrainian people is on their hands. They should hang their heads in shame. "Our support for Ukraine will not waver. We will not stop in this mission to ramp up the pressure on the Putin regime and choke off funds to his brutal war machine." 