Around 5.8 million people rely on Universal Credit in the United Kingdom, which helps people top up their income whether they are in work or out of it. On top of the monthly benefit given by the Department for Work and Pensions, Britons could get other support too, ranging from cheaper essential bills to free food and travel. With inflation on the rise, and energy bills set to soar, it's more important than ever to check the help people are entitled to now. If someone is claiming certain benefits such Universal Credit, JSA and Child Tax Credit then their child might be entitled to free school meals. People will need to apply through their local authority so that they can apply for extra funding from the Government, while some councils ask people to contact the school directly. The exact amount someone gets depends on where they are, but ranges from around £2.15 to £2.50 per day, or around £400-£500 each school year. READ MORE: NHS prescription charges confirmed but 15 groups could get medication free  The Healthy Start scheme offers thousands of parents on low incomes help to feed their kids. People get a prepaid card and payments worth up to £442 a year for those claiming certain benefits. People can start getting the cash from 10 weeks pregnant up to when the child turns four.  Britons could also get help with covering health costs, such as paying for their prescriptions and dental treatment. To claim, people will need to show a copy of their Universal Credit award notice. They won’t be able to claim health costs before they were deemed eligible for the Universal Credit. If someone is entitled to claim, they could get free NHS prescriptions, dental treatment, sight tests, wigs and fabric supports. NHS prescriptions currently cost £9.35 in the UK. People could also get help with the cost of glasses and contact lenses and money for travel costs for treatment. Universal Credit claimants can get more information on the gov.uk website. If someone claims Universal Credit, they might be able to get a refund on most of their childcare costs. People can claim back 85 percent of childcare costs up to £646 for one child or £1,108 for two or more up to August 31 following the child’s 16th birthday. They will have to pay their childcare costs themselves upfront and then claim the money back through Universal Credit. Universal Credit could add up to £7,300 on top of someone’s household finances. Anyone who isn’t working, or who receives a low income, can apply for Universal Credit as long as they have less than £16,000 in savings. People who have reached state pension age won’t be able to apply but can claim for the Guarantee Credit element of Pension Credit. This is separate to the state pension and is for pensioners on a low income.