Manchester United's iconic home stadium, Old Trafford, could be demolished and rebuilt as part of radical revamp plans. The Telegraph report United are considering plans and are close to appointing redevelopment partners. In June 2021, following the failed European Super League proposal, Joel Glazer promised 'major development' of Old Trafford was in the pipeline. He described the 75,000-capacity ground as the club's 'heart and soul', but it has been in dire need of significant upgrades for years. And the uproar has grown amongst fans parallel with poor on-field performance, especially with Manchester City and Liverpool, in particular, showcasing huge investment in their stadium and training grounds. But United have taken encouraging steps in recent months, and plans for a colossal revamp of Old Trafford are underway. JUST IN: Chelsea 'receive £2.7bn offer from Saudi Media Group' to take over  According to The Telegraph, United have drawn up three leading redevelopment options and will soon appoint partners following a thorough process in which bidders were required to submit three different design proposals. One is to build onto the South Stand, Old Trafford's smallest stand, and over the adjacent railway line, which would increase the capacity to over 80,000, and revamp the rest of the stadium. Another is to upgrade the existing stadium, with no South Stand expansion, including an ample overhaul of the stadium's corporate hospitality. But the third option is the most ambitious and will likely prompt mass debate amongst supporters and figures at the club. READ MORE: Pochettino 'wants' Tottenham return amid Conte uncertainty  United are considering knocking down the club's iconic stadium, the biggest club ground in England with a specific capacity of 74,140. A complete rebuild from scratch is considered to be a much more straightforward strategy than redeveloping the stadium as it is. But there would be major question marks over where United would play their home games whilst the work was being completed. The process would likely take two to three years, and there isn't a stand-out large-scale venue in the area which the Red Devils could temporarily move into, compared to Tottenham Hotspur playing at Wembley Stadium. The obvious suggestion would be a ground share, potentially with bitter city rivals Manchester City. But that would pose a series of problems, including a troubling sacrifice of matchday revenue, given United currently generate in excess of £4.25million every home fixture. If plans to demolish Old Trafford go ahead, United will aim to rebuild an even greater stadium to rival Wembley's 90,000 capacity. And as an exciting tidbit, the reconfigured site would also include a smaller stadium to host women's and academy games. Plans to redevelop the club's Carrington training ground are more advanced, with United already appointing KSS as the project lead along with a project manager. KSS are the architects behind Leicester City, Liverpool and Tottenham's new training bases and will look to transform United's into a state-of-the-art facility again. The upgrades are going ahead with the first, women's, and academy teams in mind. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.