Kate Middleton’s mum marked International Women’s Day on March 8 by sharing an empowering message on her Party Pieces Instagram account. The 67-year-old also gave an interview to SheerLuxe about striking the balance between motherhood and running a business, and gave some important advice. She posted: “I like being able to be myself at work and make decisions that instinctively feel right. “I feel passionately about giving other women this opportunity too, which is why we have plenty of women making key decisions at Party Pieces. “I always tell women starting out in business to do things their own way and be themselves. “It can be easier said than done, but don’t be afraid to stand up for yourself or to make tough decisions, seek advice from trusted collaborators and follow your instincts.”  Speaking to SheerLuxe she said there was no “magic formula” to balancing motherhood and work life. She added: “Like most working parents, I had to be really organised, get up early and fit my work into school hours, while after-school clubs sometimes gave me the gift of an extra hour or two. “But working for myself meant I had flexibility, so I could squeeze in sports matches and school productions.  READ MORE: Prince George is not ‘a spoiled child’ - expert analysis “School holidays were tricky, but Mike [Michael Middleton, her husband] and I were a good team and we managed to juggle home and work life. “Having a supportive partner or family is so important.” Carole Middleton offered some key advice for working mothers hoping to emulate her success.  DON'T MISS:Queen 'will remain' head of state after Scottish independence [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton wears 'muted colours' to 'compliment her complexion' [STYLE]Prince Harry criticised for 'navel-gazing' Ukraine statement [SPOTLIGHT] She added: “My advice to working mothers? Accept help when it’s offered. “It can be tempting to try to do it all, but there just aren’t enough hours in the day. “People like to help and it’s fine to say yes sometimes. “It’s also essential to surround yourself with a good team that you trust, so they can step in if you need them to.” 