Tackling the menopause spread can be very difficult for a person to get their head around, especially when they're watching their body change shape and they have no control over it. But menopause campaigner Meg Mathews revealed there is a way out of the hormonal downward spiral. Many studies have shown that one of the primary causes of middle-age weight gain is hormonal imbalance. And for women going through the perimenopause and the menopause, it can be absolute chaos. This is because the oestrogen levels drop drastically, which then impacts a woman's metabolism and mood swings, leading them to eat more. Combined with fatigue and not enough energy to exercise, weight gain can soon creep up on them. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure "The body responds [to this drop] by retaining fat so that it can draw some oestrogen from fat cells," Mathews explained. "The result? More belly fat!" So she encouraged women to "look at the foods you are eating and see if you can make any changes". Speaking from experience, she added: "When the menopause hit, I was eating well but without realising it I was eating too many ‘good’ fats and foods swimming in sunflower oil. "Luckily I’ve never had a sweet tooth, but I was a snacker and loved crisps. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "I found once I stopped snacking and did some research into alternative oils my body thanked me for it." Mathews admitted she's tried numerous diets and weight loss hacks, and has finally found one that works for her. "I’ve tried every diet over the years, from juice cleanses to the Keto diet, but personally I’ve found increasing whole foods and, where possible, organic and plant-based ingredients really helped," she revealed. "It’s all about moderation and what makes you feel good but if you can invest in a good-quality olive oil or coconut oil, and substitute processed foods for oily fish, walnuts and seeds such as flax seeds rich in omega-3 – you will feel the benefits."  "I found once I stopped snacking and did some research into alternative oils my body thanked me for it." Mathews admitted she's tried numerous diets and weight loss hacks, and has finally found one that works for her. "I’ve tried every diet over the years, from juice cleanses to the Keto diet, but personally I’ve found increasing whole foods and, where possible, organic and plant-based ingredients really helped," she revealed. "It’s all about moderation and what makes you feel good but if you can invest in a good-quality olive oil or coconut oil, and substitute processed foods for oily fish, walnuts and seeds such as flax seeds rich in omega-3 – you will feel the benefits."  But it isn't just eating healthy that can help weight loss during the menopause. The menopause expert advised people to find an exercise they love and build it up, fitting a workout into their schedule so they can move their body daily. And even if a person feels deflated and "lost their oomph, there are ways to get it back. "Start small – walk when you can, even if that means getting off the bus one stop early, or look into following the Couch to 5K running programme," Mathews said. "I did this last year and found it really motivating. Find something you enjoy and do it every day. "I’ve wanted to try freshwater swimming for ages and I started last week. I’m loving it and want to make swimming outdoors part of my weekly routine." She warned that including weight-bearing exercises into a person's routine is essential to press muscle loss, as it can often lead to weight gain. "Muscles are able to burn more calories than fat and keep your body lean, so it’s vital to try to maintain muscle mass by doing regular exercise," she advised in her column for Stella Magazine. "This is not just for aesthetic reasons, but for a host of essential health benefits."