Piers Morgan, 56, famously walked off the Good Morning Britain set after getting into a heated row with weather presenter Alex Beresford over Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's Oprah interview. The TalkTV presenter has taken to Twitter to ignite his row with Alex as he claims he walked off the Good Morning Britain set to "stop" himself "slapping" Alex. Piers has been very vocal about what happened at the recent Oscars with Will Smith and Chris Rock. He recently tweeted in view of his 7.9 million followers: "So much snowflakey b******t re Oscars smackdown. "You can think Will Smith wrong to slap Chris Rock but still understand why he did it if he thought - incorrectly - Rock was deliberately mocking his wife’s alopecia in front of a gazillion people. "I'd have probably done the same." READ MORE: Venus Williams suffers wardrobe malfunction during Oscars ceremony Social media user BunksMillerTHFC then shared a picture of Piers walking off the Good Morning Britain set last year with the caption: "Course you would." Piers then promptly replied: "Ironically, I walked out to stop myself slapping him..." Many social media users took to the posts comments to continue the debate of how Will Smith should have acted. HealingMaerican said: "Just because you can understand why he did it doesn't make doing it right. "He should have walked away or gone backstage and talked to him." Teoschar added: "Lose your job if you walk out in a rage or get an award if you channel that rage into violence. "Hmm, decisions, decisions." (sic) The situations have been compared as Piers dramatically walked off stage after clashing with weatherman Alex. Alex said to him: "I understand that you don't like Meghan Markle. You've made it so clear a number of times on this programme. DON'T MISS... Venus Williams suffers wardrobe malfunction during Oscars ceremony [OSCARS] 'Woke' Hollywood stars slammed for accepting $140k Oscars gift bags [OPINION] Fern Britton on struggle to 'bounce back' from Phil Vickery split [INSIGHT] "I understand you've got a personal relationship with Meghan Markle or had one and she cut you off… she's entitled to cut you off if she wants to. "Has she said anything about you since she cut you off? I don't think she has, but yet you continue to trash her." Piers eventually marched off set before returning to continue presenting the show. However, the fateful episode also marked the end of Piers' tenure at GMB and he later said he was leaving the show. At the 2022 Oscars, during comedian Chris Rock's speech prior to awarding the Best Documentary gong, he made a joke about Will's wife, Jada's hair. Referring to her shaved do, he said: "Jada, can't wait for GI Jane 2." Chris's joke referred to 1997 film GI Jane, in which Demi Moore played the title role with a buzzcut. Will laughed at first, then walked up on stage and struck Chris before walking back to his seat. He then shouted from his seat: "Keep my wife's name out your f*****g mouth." Will has since apologised to the Academy and Chris, however this has not stopped the massive debate over the matter.