Chris Rock, 57, has explained that he will not be pressing charges against Will Smith, after the actor slapped him in the face at the Oscars 2022 awards ceremony following a joke the comedian made on stage about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith. Chris joked about Jada’s appearance, saying: “Jada, I love you. GI Jane 2, can’t wait to see you.” Jada, 50, has previously opened up about her decision to shave her head, due to her suffering from alopecia. G.I Jane is a 1997 action film starring Demi Moore, in which the actress’ character, Jordan, shaves her head to complete her rigorous military training program. The comment resulted in Will walking up to the stage and striking the presenter in the face. READ MORE: 'Protect my family' Will Smith tearfully apologises amid Oscar win Will, who went on to win Best Actor, returned to his seat and yelled: “Keep my wife’s name out of your f*****g mouth.” Chris stayed casual after the incident, resuming his speech. He said: “Wow, Will Smith just smacked the s**t out of me.” He added: “That was the greatest night in the history of television.” Following the ceremony, the Los Angeles Police Department released a statement regarding the incident, confirming Chris had decided not to press charges against Will. They wrote: “LAPD investigative entities are aware of an incident between two individuals during the Academy Awards program. “The incident involved one individual slapping another. “The individual involved has declined to file a police report.” DON'T MISS... Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga[LATEST]Lily James shows off legs in daring thigh-high split dress at Oscars[PICTURES]Phil Collins bids farewell to showbiz after final ever Genesis concert[MUSIC] The report added that if Chris changed his mind at a later date, the LAPD would be able to complete an “investigative report". Following the incident, actors Denzel Washington and Tyler Perry were seen consoling Will. The Fresh Prince actor then went on to win an Oscar for his role in King Richard and apologised on stage for his previous actions. This, however, wasn’t the first time that Chris has made a joke about Jada publicly. Will and Jada previously boycotted the Oscars in 2016, as it was the second year in a row that no black actors were nominated for an award. Chris previously joked: “Jada Pinkett Smith boycotting the Oscars is like me boycotting Rihanna’s panties - I wasn’t invited!” He then went on to poke fun at Will’s films. He said: “It’s not fair that Will was this good and didn’t get nominated. “It’s also not fair that Will was paid $20 million for Wild Wild West!"