Meghan Markle, 40, exited from royal duties in March 2020 with Prince Harry for a new life in LA which was financially independent from the Royal Family. But the Duchess of Sussex has drawn criticism for leaving her royal life behind less than two years after marrying Harry. US journalist Lee Cohen has claimed Meghan was not a "good fit" for the Royal Family. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Cohen said: "Suffice to say she certainly has not endeared herself to the British and that's a great shame because the UK opened her with welcoming arms from the beginning. "They were very enthusiastic and owing to perhaps a misunderstanding on her part of what it means to be a member of the Royal Family or complete disinterest. "Largely, I think it's owing to the fact that service in the Royal Family is all about focus on others and not oneself and that seems to run counter to her plans. "I don't think it was ever a good fit for Meghan Markle to be a member of the Royal Family." READ MORE: Prince Andrew's taxpayers' funded security 'under review' However, Meghan is said to have "moved on" from her royal life after her appearance on the Ellen show, a royal commentator has claimed. The Duchess took part in a prank during which Ellen DeGeneres told her to carry out embarrassing tasks in front of unsuspecting vendors. The duchess, who was wearing a hidden earpiece, was encouraged by the chat show host to eat a tortilla crisp like a chipmunk, refer to herself as mummy, tell jokes and hold a crystal up to her face. Royal commentators Rachel Bowie and Roberta Fiorito branded Meghan's prank as "cringe" on the podcast Royally Obsessed. Ms Bowie said: "Obviously this is a person who has serious f***s to give about anything. I feel like she knows what she's doing in a way that is kind of rubbing the tabloids' face in the mud about this. "She knows they are going to latch on to anything she does. "To me, this is a person who is really feeling free about who they are but it's also so uncomfortable." Ms Fiorito added: "I immediately compare this to Harry going on James Corden's show pre-Oprah. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry warned of decline in mega deals - claim [INSIGHT]Queen health update: Monarch will not be seen 'much' during Jubilee [ANALYSIS]Kate Middleton pregnant? Duchess 'ramping up' royal duties [VIDEO] "When Harry had those comedian parts, it felt like a spoof of his old life. "He was showing off his military expertise, he was sipping high tea on a double decker bus, it was an homage to his royal roots. "But with Meghan on Ellen, there were no royal references made. "I felt that was a choice, Meghan is moving on from that and she doesn't have to be serious."