Radio host Nick Ferrari questioned the secretary of state of energy fracking, pushing for it to be considered as a potential solution to rising energy prices. International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan claimed that UK energy franking would take a number of years to get going. The secretary of state spoke of moving away from gas, and going nuclear with energy. The LBC presenter said: "Come on now, let's get cracking with fracking isn't that the answer, secretary of state? "There's a massive amount of power under our feet." Ms Trevelyan said: "So I know that the bay secretary is looking at that, amongst other things. "That wouldn't even if that were the way forward, that wouldn't solve the immediate case because that would take a number of years to get going.  JUST IN: Boy found in hunt for student who vanished after night out with friends     Ms Trevelyan added: "And I'm not sure if that is what will be decided. "I know the Prime Minister will be setting out an energy review. "I think there's a really important piece as we drive through both our renewables and clean energy, as we grow our nuclear industry as well. "To ensure that we can move away from gas in the medium term to the base layer being nuclear. READ MORE: Kamala Harris left viewers fuming after 'incoherent' speech - 'Wasteful gibberish'     Ms Trevelyan said: "And the Prime Minister is very keen to support that as well. "But the ten-point plan which set out more offshore wind develops, nuclear and solar are changing how we use our energy systems. "Is all going to be critical to helping us to meet that challenge."  CEO Polly Billington said: "We're delighted to see action on our call to scrap VAT on energy-saving materials. “This is a welcome boost for retrofit, especially coupled with the Chancellor’s support for energy efficiency as a focus for UK Infrastructure Bank (UKIB) funding. “Retrofit will boost jobs and skills, increase energy security, and reduce energy bills — all while accelerating progress towards net zero. “Local authorities are ready to take action and increased support is welcome news.” 