Ukraine’s ambassador to the United States Oksana Markarova told reporters on Monday evening: “They [Russia] used the vacuum bomb today, which is actually prohibited by the Geneva convention. The devastation that Russia is trying to inflict on Ukraine is large.” Amnesty International has accused Russia of using vacuum bombs, or thermobaric weapons, to attack a preschool in northeastern Ukraine while civilians took shelter inside. The attack is yet to be independently verified, but footage from Ukraine has shown the use of thermobaric rocket launchers being present on Russia’s artillery vehicles. White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki said she had seen reports but did not have confirmation that Russia had used such weapons. She said: “If that were true, it would potentially be a war crime.”  READ MORE: Vladimir Putin prepares for nuclear war, sends family to Siberia A vacuum bomb, also called a thermobaric weapon, works by taking in oxygen to create powerful, high-temperature explosions. A thermobaric bomb will typically produce a blast wave significantly longer than that of a conventional explosive. Vacuum bombs are fired as missiles, and when they make impact with a target the rockets spread a fuel-air cloud that detonates a fraction of a second later. So powerful is a blast by a vacuum bomb that it can vaporise the human body. Even those who are not in the immediate blast are likely to suffer burst eardrums and crushed inner ear organs, severe concussions, ruptured internal organs, and possibly blindness, according to the CIA. Blasts can also destroy entire buildings with relative ease. If used in a civilian setting, it constitutes a war crime.  DON'T MISSChina admits it ‘deeply regrets’ Putin’s invasion of Ukraine [REPORT]Has Putin gone mad? The 'Putin Paradox' that will lead to his downfall [INSIGHT]What can a nuclear bomb do? The catastrophic effects of nuclear war  [ANALYSIS] Yes - vacuum bombs have been used by Russian and western forces since the 1960s. The USA most recently used vacuum bombs in attempts to vanquish al-Qaeda in Afghanistan. They have also been used in the Vietnam war. Russia is also thought to have used vacuum bombs in Afghanistan, Chechnya, Iraq, and Syria. The news comes as a massive Russian armoured convoy is bearing down on the Ukrainian capital city of Kyiv, but is currently being held off by Ukrainian forces. In the east of the country, where fighting has been ongoing since prior to the invasion, officials in Ukraine's second city of Kharkiv say at least 10 people have been killed in deliberate shelling of residential areas. President Volodymyr Zelensky has said the Kremlin’s attacks against civilians amount to war crimes.