"Racing cars are neither beautiful nor ugly. They become beautiful when they win," reflected Enzo Ferrari. The Ferrari F1-75 looks sumptuous. It is the sort of car you might ditch your long-standing partner for and elope with in a moment of hot-headed madness. A real head-turner. Its true desirability, though, under the romantic specifications of the departed Ferrari godfather, is uncertain. The smoke signals from Bahrain, as the Formula One season gets under way today, are promising – and not just for the team itself. Ferrari have not won a drivers’ title since 2007 or a constructors’ championship since 2008. They have become a sort of Manchester United on steroids in terms of red-liveried underachievement. And yet, for all the years of failure, the Scuderia maintains a cache none of its rivals can match. Nothing in Formula One, not Monaco, not Lewis Hamilton – not even Max Verstappen’s head – is bigger. Ferrari remain the spirit and the soul of the sport, the team every driver deep down wants to race just once for. If the Prancing Horse were to rise again this could make for a very special season for Formula One. From Ferrari’s first Grand Prix win at Silverstone in 1951 delivered by the Pampas Bull Jose Froilan Gonzalez to their last at the 2019 Singapore Grand Prix from Sebastian Vettel, their DNA has been threaded through motor racing. Of course, racing hasn’t always meant racing. Rubens Barrichello’s notorious step-aside on team orders to allow Michael Schumacher victory at the 2002 Austrian Grand Prix didn’t exactly paint Ferrari in a flattering light but many of the sport’s most glorious moments have been decorated in their colours. Niki Lauda’s title at Monza in front of the Tifosi in 1975 and his astonishing comeback, still leaking blood, at the same track the following year six weeks after being read the Last Rites. Nigel Mansell’s victory on his Ferrari debut in Brazil in 1989, Schumacher’s first win for the team in the rain in Spain in 1996 and the string of titles which were to follow. There are so many more. It is a rich litany of achievements that make you think ‘It is Ferrari. They have to come good again some time. Don’t they?’ In recent seasons, such optimism has been of the blind faith variety. They have been miles off the pace. The nadir came in 2020 when they finished a humbling sixthin the constructors’ championship, not far above AlphaTauri. It was their worst result for 40 years. Last year’s third was a step back in the right direction but Ferrari were still so far behind Mercedes and Red Bull as to need binoculars to see their rivals. A place on the podium was no real cause for celebration. This season, though, something meaningful feels like it is stirring at Maranello. The draconian regulation changes designed to promote more overtaking have thrown the teams’ cards up in the air. How they landed in pre-season testing raised eyebrows and expectations. Nothing that happened in qualifying in Bahrain has changed that. Ferrari have been careful to jam a lid on the hype but plenty has escaped nonetheless. Rival drivers have, to a man, pointed to the scarlet lady as the ones to watch this season. Toto Wolff, the Mercedes team principal, has gone so far as to lay down a welcome mat for Ferrari back at the sharp end. “As a fan, I love Ferrari,” said Wolff. “They are the greatest name in Formula One and it cannot be that Ferrari is not competing for race victories and titles. I think for all of us fans of the sport, Ferrari needs to be in the mix. We have missed them in the last few years.” Be careful what you wish for. No one wants the clock turned back to the Schumacher years and Ferrari’s six in a row. But as Mercedes are now on eight successive titles, a recalibration would do the sport no harm. Red Bull have joined the party – it would be mouthwatering if Ferrari could too this season. Hamilton versus Verstappen, the sequel, may be eagerly anticipated but if either Carlos Sainz (left) or, more likely Charles Leclerc, can squeeze themselves in there as well, three would be anything but a crowd. Leclerc is the real deal and it looks like he may have a real motor this season. It might not be good for Mercedes and Red Bull but if Ferrari really are back, it would be a beautiful look for Formula One.