Countryfile presenter Adam Henson has taken to Twitter to announce a career move away from the BBC. The host, 56, made the announcement earlier this evening as he asked his fans for their input over what they wanted to see from his new venture. In view of his 61,600 followers, the BBC star shared his big announcement. Adam wrote: "The news is out! "I’m excited to reveal that the @CotswoldFarmPrk team and I have been working on a brand new YouTube series and the first two episodes are now live here. "If there’s a topic you’d like me to feature, I'd love to know," he ended his post. READ MORE: Christian Horner blasted as 'unwatchable' amid F1 backlash The star accompanied the post with a sweet snap of him holding newborn lambs. Following the exciting news, Adam's fans flocked to the comments to weigh in on his career move. Judy Illing wrote: "Great news, congratulations!" At the end of last year Adam took to Instagram to reveal that he was hosting the Enchanted Light Trail this Christmas with illuminated scenes at his Cotswold Farm. The Countryfile host was joined by Clarkson's Farm star Kaleb Cooper who he welcomed to his farm in a social media post. Adam runs the Cotswold Farms Park, which his father started, with the site attracting over 70,000 visitors per annum. He and his friend Duncan Andrews also took on the lease of Bemborough Farm from his father in 1988, with the pair now jointly running the 1600 acre estate. On the estate they grow wheat, spring barley and oilseed rape, alongside a flock of 350 commercial ewes and numerous breeds of farm animals. DON'T MISS... William Hurt dead: Oscar-winning actor dies week before 72nd birthday [BREAKING]Demi Rose puts on cheeky display in tiny, see-through dress [UPDATE]William Hurt dead: Oscar-winning actor dies week before 72nd birthday [ANALYSIS] The farm was first opened by Adam's father in 1971, with the aim to protect rare breeds of farm animals. Adam thanked his farm life for keeping him sane during lockdown in an unearthed interview. He said to the Radio Times: "I’m a big open-spaces person; being stuck indoors would have been a nightmare. "I’d have gone crazy." Adam continued that without his farm he would have "really struggled" in lockdown. He also had to shut his Cotswold farm park in Cheltenham for several months during lockdown, leading him to stress that his business may not survive. He admitted: "I was crying thinking, ‘This is it. We’ve lost the business.’ "But thankfully the furlough scheme came in. But it’s been a tough 18 months," he added.