The coronavirus pandemic may be ebbing but the world is now on a fundamentally different footing. The UK, for example, is now in preparation mode for large-scale disasters. As part of this effort, it is developing a "variant-proof" vaccine, Doctor Amir revealed on ITV's Lorraine.  The “variant-proof” vaccine has received tens of millions of pounds of funding in the hope it will quell the emergence of future Covid variants and new pandemics. According to Doctor Amir, "Cambridge University has been awarded 32 million pounds to develop this universal vaccine". The doc said: "It's really exciting." Speaking to Lorraine, Doctor Amir explained the rationale behind the vaccine and how it will be deployed. READ MORE: Covid could cause brain to shrink and deteriorate 'three times faster than normal' - study Scientists have "put together a blueprint of a vaccine that can be adapted very quickly to quell any future variants", he said. The benefits do not stop there. According to Doctor Amir, the vaccine will be deployed against "any pathogen or virus" that has the potential to spark another pandemic, he explained. "Chris Whitty said we are at risk of future pandemics - different viruses and different bacteria can emerge - and having a blueprint like this that can be added to almost any pathogen or bug will be key." Having investment into mitigation resources such as this "one jab" is now "super important", he added. DON'T MISSDiabetes symptoms: The 'feeling' at night to be aware of [INSIGHT]Dementia: The breakfast habit associated with a higher risk [TIPS]High blood pressure: Pfizer calls drug over risk [ADVICE] The vaccine will developed by CEPI and DIOSynVax, a biotech spinout of the University of Cambridge. Prime Minister Boris Johnson, who opened a conference hosted by the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI) in London via video, hailed the new partnership and its ambitious aim. Mr Johnson said: "The UK is proud to have committed to a quarter of a billion pounds to support CEPI at the start of the pandemic, because it was precisely the partnership between CEPI, government, industry and academia which helped our vaccines to triumph over the virus. "And now, we must come together to support CEPI's global plan for the next generation of vaccine technologies, such as the new variant-proof vaccine being developed at Cambridge University to help protect us against the next Covid variant, or indeed, against the next pandemic." The PM said that this was a "crucial part" of how countries can meet the "100-day mission... to make safe and effective diagnostics, therapeutics and vaccines available within the first 100 days of a future pandemic threat being identified". He added: "After the tragedy of the last two years, it is incumbent on all of us to work harder than ever in preparing to meet future pandemic threats. That's why we're also leading international efforts to establish a pandemic treaty and an effective early warning system, or global pandemic radar, which can in turn inform the rapid development of new vaccines." The new funding will see CEPI invest up to around £32 million to support the development of a broadly protective vaccine using mRNA technology already adopted for the Moderna and Pfizer jabs. DIOSynVax is working with the structure of proteins, computational biology and on boosting the immune system to work out how vaccines can be used to their best effect. If the plan works, experts believe that vaccines could rapidly be developed against "Disease X" - unknown pathogens that have yet to emerge but which could cause pandemics. Doctor Richard Hatchett, chief executive of CEPI, said: "The UK Government and the country's world-leading scientific institutions have been pivotal to the global response to COVID-19. From the development of the CEPI-supported Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccine - which is used in more countries than any other - to the ground-breaking Recovery trial to evaluate life-saving treatments like dexamethasone, British science has played a leading role in protecting the world from COVID-19. "I am excited to further strengthen CEPI's strong ties to British science through this partnership with DIOSynVax." Professor Jonathan Heeney, chief executive of DIOSynVax, said: "Our approach is to be ahead of the next pandemic - to deliver custom designed, immune selected vaccine antigens - which is ideal to prevent diseases caused by complex viruses such as the large and diverse family of coronaviruses."