Shocking footage captured nearby the 21-storey residential block in Whitechapel, London shows a large fire has taken hold on one of the upper floors. Eyewitnesses can be heard describing debris falling from the building amid reports of "huge glass panels falling 100s of metres to the ground." London Fire Brigade has confirmed they are attending the blaze on Whitechapel High Street. In a full statement, they said: “Fifteen fire engines and around 100 firefighters have been called to a fire at a block of flats on Whitechapel High Street. “Crews are tackling a fire on the 17th floor of the building. “The Brigade's 64m ladder has been mobilised to the incident. JUST IN: 'Russia is rattled!' Kremlin rocked by Boris Johnson's refusal to back down against Putin Road closures are in place, with the AA stating that the A11 Whitechapel High Street is closed both ways from A13 Commercial Road to Old Castle Street. Commercial Road has also been closed, it adds. A spokesman for the brigade said: "Crews are tackling a fire on the 17th floor of the building. The Brigade's 64m ladder has been mobilised to the incident. "The Brigade's 999 control officers have taken more than 50 calls to the blaze. "The Brigade was called at 15.53. Fire crews from Whitechapel, Shoreditch, Dowgate, Bethnal Green, Dockhead, Old Kent Road, Islington and surrounding fire stations are at the scene. The cause of the fire is not known at this stage."  The Metropolitan Police said the building is being evacuated. A spokesperson for the force said: "We were called to the scene at 15.55 to reports of a fire on Whitechapel High Street by the emergency services. "The building is being evacuated." London Ambulance Service advised people in Whitechapel to keep their windows closed and stay indoors as fire crews battle the blaze. DON'T MISS: Mercury plunges to sub zero as arctic blast of -5C to hit Britain [LATEST] Andrew Neil brilliantly pinpoints UK changes to stay after Ukraine [REVEALED] Prince Harry criticised for 'navel-gazing' Ukraine statement [REPORT]  A spokesperson said: "We were called at 4:07pm today to reports of a fire at a high-rise building on Whitechapel High Street. "We sent an ambulance crew, an incident response officer, a team leader in a fast response car and members of our hazardous area response team. "We are working closely with our emergency service colleagues, more updates to follow. "If you are in the local area, please try and stay indoors and keep windows and doors closed."