Kylian Mbappe has been Real Madrid’s number one target for over a year now, but they are set to face stiff competition to secure his signature at the end of the season. The La Liga leaders will have to fend off interest from fierce rivals Barcelona if they are to sign the Ballon d’Or winner in waiting in the summer. Mbappe is set to leave Paris Saint-Germain at the end of the season when his deal expires, with it looking increasingly unlikely that the France international will extend his stay at the club. Madrid previously saw two mammoth bids rejected for the forward in the summer despite that. Los Blancos are keen to build a young, energetic side that can become a super force in Europe once again. With Vinicius Junior, Eduardo Camavinga and Frederico Valverde, the club have a core group of top-quality players and need just a sprinkling of world-class players to be truly deadly. With reports circulating for months of how Mbappe is keen to move to the Santiago Bernabeu, it seemed his inevitable destination until Thursday. L’Equipe have now revealed that Barca have made a move for the 23-year-old and the forward is willing to listen to their offer. READ MORE: Barcelona 'open bidding' for Raphinha as Leeds receive first offer for Liverpool target They report that Mbappe’s sole focus is on the footballing projects on the table and that will be decisive in opting who he signs for – assuming that no other clubs come forward and register their interest. Barca are also expected to attempt to sign Borussia Dortmund star Erling Haaland in the summer, who has a £63million release clause in his contract that becomes active in the summer, but Mbappe has been deemed a cheaper option. Mbappe has previously made it clear that his future club is not a foregone conclusion, and his willingness to speak with Barca provides evidence for that. L’Equipe stress that there is the feeling that the former Monaco star is undecided. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land Chelsea star Antonio RudigerArsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks heldErik ten Hag's first two Man Utd signings should follow him from Ajax It is no secret that Barcelona are under a lot of financial pressure at the moment, but they aren’t prepared to that affect the team and refuse to let manager Xavi go unbacked in the transfer window. They secured a £469m loan recently and have also agreed on a sponsorship deal with Spotify worth £70m a year. The arrivals of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Adama Traore and Ferran Torres showcase that the Catalan giants are willing to splash the cash when they deem necessary. Signing Mbappe would be an enormous sign of intent from the Camp Nou outfit, though it remains to be seen how they will fare if a wages war breaks out between them and rivals Madrid.