Arsenal scout Johnathan Vidalle has come clean on the process which allowed the north London side to unearth Gabriel Martinelli from the depths of Brazilian football. The youngster put on another superb showing against Liverpool this week when his pace and trickery shone through, but initial doubts meant that the Gunners' swoop almost didn't happen at all. Arsenal raised eyebrows by shelling out £6million for Martinelli back in 2019, which was enough to lure in the teenager from Brazilian fourth division outfit Ituano. A matter of months later, the attacker became the youngest player in the club's history to score on his full league debut. It hasn't been entirely smooth sailing in north London, as a frustrating knee injury kept him out for almost six months in 2020. But his talents were on full display when Arsenal hosted Liverpool on Wednesday evening as Trent Alexander-Arnold was left chasing shadows despite the Reds' 2-0 win. Jurgen Klopp's side celebrated a crucial three points in the Premier League title race but Martinelli's name remains on everybody's lips which leads many to wonder how the Gunners spotted him in the first place. JUST IN: Gareth Southgate announces latest England squad as Marcus Rashford ruthlessly axed "We have a scout in Brazil, he told me about Gabriel," said Vidalle per football.london, "Later Francis Cagigao asked for my opinion and I traveled to Brazil to see him. "[Fellow Arsenal scout] Everton Gushiken liked him, he had some doubts about some characteristics, he didn’t know if he could make it in the Premier League, but they were normal doubts, about his mentality. I travelled to see him. We try to see players live on the pitch and I liked him. DON'T MISSLiverpool's Mohamed Salah issue labelled 'really serious' after 'negative meeting'Man Utd may ignore club legends over next manager appointmentArsenal boss Mikel Arteta snaps at Premier League decision that could ruin top-four bid "I was surprised by the mentality he has, how competitive he was. Gabriel played as a winger, always played as a winger. I was impressed by his ability to repeat efforts and not only in the attacking part of the pitch. "He helped with the left back, which is a bit what he has done now at Arsenal, and he finished those sprints with the same speed and lucidity with which he started. Not only was he up to the level of Arsenal, he scored goals, and for a striker that is essential."  Despite initial doubts, the Gunners' scouting network have drawn plaudits for recognising his mentality, willingness to track back and eye for goal - all three of which proved key in the decision to bring him in. England hero Gary Lineker was among those to shower Martinelli with praise on Wednesday, predicting that he will become 'a world-class player'. Still three months shy of his 21st birthday, time is certainly on his side. If the forward helps his side bounce back from their midweek defeat, it could land him with a priceless opportunity to strut his stuff in the Champions League next season.