This came after Prince Harry was nowhere to be seen at his grandfather's memorial. The service, which took place yesterday at Westminster Cathedral, saw around 1,800 people attend. A spokesperson for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle confirmed that he would not be present at the event but did not give an explanation. Royal commentator Omid Scobie tweeted: "A spokesperson for the Sussexes confirms that Prince Harry will not be returning to the UK for the Service of Thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip on March 29. "He does, however, hope to visit the Queen as soon as possible." Journalist Andrew Pierce hit out at the Prince for his failure to attend, calling it "insulting". Writing on Twitter, he said: "4 Kings and 3 Queens from European royal families at #PrincePhilip service but no #PrinceHarry. "His absence is insulting to the memory of his grandfather." Retweeting Mr Pierce's remarks, royal author Ms Levin added: "He didn't even bother to find a meaningful excuse." However, others have defended the Prince, with lawyer and women's rights activist Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu saying he has "nothing to regret" in missing the service. Writing on Twitter, she said: "Prince Harry has nothing to regret in missing Prince Philip memorial service. READ MORE: Dr Shola rages in defence of Harry missing Philip memorial "Remembering his grandfather isn’t a public right! "He attended the funeral! Stop making up crap about #HarryandMeghan "Be mad at why #RoyalFamily chose Prince Andrew as Queen’s companion today." Prince Philip died on 9 April 2021, during lockdown. DON'T MISS: Harry and William's feud 'will not heal' as Duke warned on Kate [INSIGHT] Dr Shola rages in defence of Harry missing Philip memorial [REACTION] Kate and William plan return trip to the Bahamas with their children [REVEAL] His funeral service was scaled back as a result of Coronavirus restrictions, with only 30 people in attendance. Prince Harry flew back to the UK from the US to attend the service. Harry's decision not to attend the Service of Thanksgiving comes in the wake of a legal dispute with the Home Office over his security. Earlier this year, he applied for a judicial review of the Home Office's decision not to allow him to pay for his own police protection while he is in the UK with his family. A legal representative for Harry said he and his family as "unable to return" to the UK until the security issue was resolved. In a statement, they said: "Prince Harry inherited a security risk at birth, for life. "He remains sixth in line to the throne, served two tours of combat duty in Afghanistan, and in recent years his family has been subjected to well-documented neo-Nazi and extremist threats. "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex personally fund a private security team for their family, yet that security cannot replicate the necessary police protection needed whilst in the UK. "In the absence of such protection, Prince Harry and his family are unable to return to his home." Express.co.uk contacted Archewell for comment.