Nick Kyrgios has defended Daniil Medvedev after a popular Australian TV host called him a “to**er”. Kyrgios lost to the now-world No 1 at the Australian Open but went on to win the doubles title. He is now playing his first tournament since becoming a Grand Slam champion in Indian Wells. Kyrgios made his return to tennis at the Australian Open after ending last season early with a knee injury. The world No 132 caught Covid at the start of the year and was forced to miss ATP events in Melbourne and Sydney but recovered in time for his home Grand Slam, getting his first win in six months over Liam Broady. It was a tough draw for the 26-year-old who faced the highest seed in the men’s draw, Medvedev, in the second round and managed to take a set off the now-top ranked player before losing 7-6(1) 6-4 4-6 6-2. While it wasn’t to be in the singles draw, Kyrgios went on to win the men’s doubles title alongside good friend Thanasi Kokkinakis. JUST IN: Medvedev fears for his tennis future over Russia's Ukraine invasion  Medvedev then went on to reach the final and was two sets up on Rafael Nadal before the Spaniard mounted a comeback to win a record 21st Grand Slam title. Often a controversial figure the US Open champion was slammed for screaming at the umpire when he believed his opponent Stefanos Tsitsipas’ coach and father Apostolos was coaching him from the stands and had already made a dig at the Aussie Open crowd after his match against Kyrgios for the fans’ cheers of Cristiano Ronaldo’s trademark “suii” celebration, initially thinking they were boos. Known for playing the pantomime villain, Medvedev has often lost himself some fans as a result and Australia’s Channel Nine Today Show host Karl Stefanovic is no exception. The Australian TV show personality sat down with Kyrgios before the former world No 13 flew to California for Indian Wells and admitted he didn’t like the top-ranked player, asking: “Medvedev I mean, the guy is an absolutely to**er isn’t he?” DON’T MISSZverev opens up on 'the worst moment of my life' after escaping banRaducanu hints at Murray partnership dream ahead of Indian WellsAndy Murray gives reasons for Lendl reunion as he gears up for return  While the remark earned some laughs from Kyrgios, the six-time singles title winner defended Medvedev, saying: “I actually don’t mind him. I don’t mind him. I think the game needs a little villain type.” Stefanovic didn’t sound convinced as he added: “But then he can’t go whinging. I don’t like him at all,” but Kyrgios was quick to point out that the 26-year-old wasn’t the only person on tour who complained. He said: “Tennis players all have their whinging days, you know? I’ve been a whinger, many players have been a whinger, all the greats have shown that side from time to time.” Lauding praise on Medvedev, he added: “But he’s an incredible player, he’s 26, he’s won a Slam already. Give him a second chance, he’s good for the game.” Kyrgios also opened up on his mental health struggles, having recently revealed in a moving Instagram post that he had suffered with self-harm in the past. “I think people didn’t really realise. They only saw the Nick Kyrgios around Australian Open time, or when I was on court having success or training,” he told Stefanovic on Today. “They didn’t really see the dark moments that I had with myself and the problems I was dealing with and I was going through some tough times. “I feel as if so many people have really appreciated me opening up to them. And especially males in general, I think around this time, almost they feel weak if they’re feeling mental struggles or they kind of feel less of a man but I don’t think that’s the case at all.”