Gordon Ramsay, 55, has hit back at criticism he has faced for crying on TV when his daughter Tilly was a contestant on Strictly Come Dancing last year. In a new interview with Radio Times, Gordon Ramsay was interviewed by Ed Balls where he spoke about how he “teared up with pride”. The 55-year old also said he was “incredibly proud” of Tilly and her Strictly journey, which he feels has instilled important values in her. The celebrity chef has a new show called Gordon Ramsay’s Future Food Stars, where he will be investing his own money into the winner’s “culinary innovation”. When asked whether he, his wife Tana or Tilly had been the most stressed, the 55-year-old was quick to admit: “Oh, I was the one.” Gordon says he would “secretly love” to join Strictly Come Dancing, despite claiming his size 15 feet “were not made for the dancefloor”. READ MORE: 'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star In a surprising U-turn, Gordon said he was considering becoming a contestant next season. Inspired by his daughter, he said: “I don’t know. I may ask the BBC if I could do it next year. Tilly would kill me, by the way. “But the only bit I’d be slightly nervous about is all the tight lycra, sequins and the trousers.” Tilly’s journey on the BBC dance show was an emotional one and even Gordon broke down in tears at one point. In his defence, he is happy that Tilly went on the show as it has taught her life lessons that he had to learn himself. He said: “The s**t I got for that… At 19 years of age, I got my knee busted. “I was overcoming a smashed cartilage. Rangers had just kicked me out [Ramsay had a burgeoning football career before injury forced him to leave the sport]. “Mum and Dad were going through a divorce.” DON’T MISS:Emmerdale’s Samantha Giles rushed to hospital with mystery illness [NEWS]Dame Joan Collins, 88, pelted with ‘hard bread roll’ by begrudged fan [LATESST] Shirley MacLaine's boast of bedding two Prime Ministers [UPDATE] Gordon said he had financial difficulties when he was younger. He revealed: “I didn’t have a pot to p**s in. “I went back to live at a council estate in Banbury.” He added that these difficult times helped him “shape” his character. The chef continued: “You think you’re on your a**e. “But that’s what shapes your character, isn’t it? “Those vulnerable moments in life – I think that’s what Strictly has done to Tilly. “It’s shaped her in a way that has made her so much more hard-working. "I’m incredibly proud.” Read the full interview in this week's Radio Times. 