Hollywood star Michael Douglas has taken to Instagram to issue an update about his professional acting career while addressing the conflict in Ukraine. It comes as the Basic Instinct actor, 77, wore a knitted Ukrainian flag pocket square on the red carpet at the SAG Awards in support of the country that's under invasion by Russia. In a short clip, the award-winning actor checked in on his 998,000 followers while addressing events going on around the globe. Michael said: "So, how's everybody doing out there? "Covid's getting better, we're getting closer, possibly to a third World War... "But hey, what you going to do?" (sic) he added. READ MORE: Piers Morgan left ‘utterly devastated’ over the death of Shane Warne The star went to reveal his next acting project which he's taking on for an Apple TV series. "I'm getting back to work, yeah," he continued. "I'm going to play this guy right here, look at that," he said, while showing a picture of Benjamin Franklin on his phone. He continued: "Ben Franklin, I look just like him don't I? "I have a bit of work to do," he added, jovially. "I hope everybody's having a good weekend, it's not here quite yet, but soon enough. Hang in there," he signed off. The star's update comes days after he took to the red carpet at the SAG Awards to share his support for Ukraine amid Russia's attack. His wife Catherine Zeta Jones, 52, made sure to take to social media to tell her followers how "proud" she was of her husband for his tribute to the nation. DON'T MISS...Shane Warne Liz Hurley romance: Inside late cricketer's relationship [INSIGHT]Shane Warne 'missed the love' with Liz Hurley on 'happiest' days [ANALYSIS]Motsi Mabuse fears people are 'caring less' about Ukraine conflict [UPDATE] Michael attended the famous ceremony, bagging awards for his performance in The Kominsky Method. He was nominated for both the Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Comedy Series and the Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series. However, it was his appearance at the awards show that caught the eye of many. He showed a message of defiance as he dressed smart in a black suit, finishing the look with a knitted Ukrainian flag pocket square. Furthering his support, he told the presenter on the red carpet: "This is not for the LA Rams. This is the colour of the Ukrainian flag. "If ever there was a time for us to appreciate what true democracy is, I'm just so proud of what the people in this country have done." His wife Catherine revealed she couldn't be prouder of her husband, as she shared a message on Instagram in support. In view of her four million followers she penned: "So proud of my SAG nominated husband. Note the Ukrainian flag colored pocket squares. Keep the people of Ukraine in our prayers. #westandwithukraine." (sic)