The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge went on their first walkabout since the pandemic this week, visiting Wales. The royal couple chatted to well-wishers who had gathered outside at a market in Abergavenny that Kate and Prince William had paid a visit to. William and Kate's trip to Wales is one of many the often carry out up and down the country and even abroad with Kate visiting Denmark last week and Prince William travelling to Dubai last month. The Cambridges have become an integral part of the Royal Family, taking on more senior roles. William and Kate have also enjoyed 10 years of marriage, but their relationship got off on a bad footing when the Duke was infuriated by a leaked photo. The pair met when they were both studying at the University of St Andrews in Scotland. William feared that Kate would come under intense media attention, so he kept their relationship secret at the start. They succeeded in keeping things under wraps for almost a year – with their relationship reportedly beginning in 2003 but remaining secret until 2004. The story of their relationship broke after Kate joined William on a family skiing holiday and the couple were spotted together on the slopes. The photos appeared in British newspapers the following day, and William was reportedly "furious". Speaking on Channel 5's 2021 documentary William & Kate: Too Good To Be True, Rebecca England, royal editor at the Daily Mail, said: "Unfortunately for them, a paparazzi photographer took pictures of William and Kate clearly very close on the ski lift together. "A red top tabloid newspaper slashed it all over their front page. "William was furious, and he was also genuinely worried for Kate and her family about what this would now mean for them." Ms England also spoke about rumours that Kate's mum, Carole Middleton, has set the Cambridges up. She added: "At the time there were a lot of rumours going around that Carole might have tried to orchestrate the relationship by ensuring her daughter went to St Andrews. "There was talk of Kate having a poster of William on her wall at her school, Marlborough College." READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s emotional ‘isolation’ admission However, Kate shot the poster rumour down during her engagement interview in 2010. She apologised to her future husband, saying: “He wishes! “No I had the Levi’s guy on my bedroom wall, not a picture of William. Sorry!” The couple made their first public appearance together at their university graduation from St Andrew's, which was attended by the Queen, Prince Charles and Carol and Michael Middleton. Royal expert Victoria Arbiter added: "Graduation for William and Kate, it really was their last moment in that protective bubble. "I think perhaps they might have both been a bit naive about what was to come. "William understood how the media works but Kate would have had no idea what it meant to be on the receiving end." William and Kate also endured a difficult period in 2017. DON'T MISS Kate to become most prominent member of Firm but will cause 'strain' [INSIGHT] Do YOU think Meghan Harry and should be allowed to change their minds? [ANALYSIS] 'Changing of the guard!' Prince Charles stepping into Queen's role [INSIGHT] Three years later in 2010, a year before they would get married, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge opened up about the breakup. William said: "Well I think to be honest, I wouldn't believe everything you read in the paper, but in that particular instance we did split up for a bit. "But that was just, we were both very young, it was at university, we were sort of both finding ourselves as such and being different characters and stuff. "It was very much trying to find our own way and we were growing up, and so it was just sort of a bit of space and a bit of things like that and it worked out for the better." Kate added: "And I think I at the time wasn't very happy about it, but actually it made me a stronger person. "You find out things about yourself that maybe you hadn't realised, or I think you can get quite consumed by a relationship when you are younger and I really valued that time for me as well, although I didn't think it at the time. Looking back on it."