Princess Michael, born Baroness Marie Christine von Reibnitz, comes from a long line of German, Austrian and Hungarian noble descent; her royal nobility has been traced back over 700 years. Known for her glamorous, gregarious and outspoken ways, Princess Michael has been dubbed one of the most controversial members of the Royal Family. She was born in the town of Karlsbad in Nazi-occupied Czechoslovakia but, following World War 2, she and her mother moved to Australia. Having spent 15 years in the eastern suburbs, she decided to return to Europe. She moved to London in 1964 and was immediately introduced to its high society. Later, she married the Queen’s cousin, Prince Michael of Kent, in 1978, but the union was no simple affair. JUST IN: Harry and Meghan's plan to outflank Firm by targeting specific generation as 'real royals' She had already been married before, to Thomas Troubridge, and marrying a divorcee was frowned upon in the Royal Family. More important was the fact that she was a Roman Catholic: by law, members of the family were not allowed to marry anybody who’s a Roman Catholic. Lord Mountbatten took it upon himself to resolve the issues. In May 1978, Pope Paul VI agreed to annul Princess Michael’s first marriage, meaning, in the eyes of the church, she was no longer divorced. Speaking during the Channel 5 documentary, ‘Princess Michael: The Controversial Royal', Dr Chandrika Kaul, a historian said: “He [Mountbatten] takes the case up with the Queen, arguing how she would be perfect.” Anne Sebba, a biographer, added: “And he talked about all the noble lineage that Marie Christine had, that she was descended from Charlemagne, from Catherine de’ Medici, from Marie Antoinette, you name it. “And the Queen apparently replied in her wonderful deadpan voice, ‘I think she sounds a little bit too grand for us’. Following Mountbatten’s persuasion, the Queen blessed Prince Michael and Marie Christine’s civil marriage. Subsequently, Prince Michael was forced to give up his place in line to the throne. However, his place in the succession was reinstated in 2015 after the Succession to the Crown Act changed the rules. DON’T MISSHave Your Say: Should Queen allow Meghan and Harry to return part-time after US snub? [LATEST]Prince William’s friends had ‘a problem’ with Kate: ‘Social divide created tensions’  [INSIGHT]Meghan & Harry’s subtle ‘physical clues’ to 'show fans their marriage is strong' unveiled [ANALYSIS] Ever since they married, Prince and Princess Michael have been at the centre of many controversies. Nicknamed the ‘Rent-a-Kents’, they have garnered a reputation as “freeloaders”. In 2002, it was revealed that they were not paying for their royal apartment in Kensington Palace, the upkeep of which is paid for by the taxpayer. The couple paid a mere £69 per week as a “maintenance charge” for the use of their luxurious apartment, which was gifted to them by the Queen on their marriage in 1978. Dr Kaul said: “There was massive backlash in the press. There were readers writing in saying they’d had such a cushy life and what had they done to deserve this? And the answer was, invariably, nothing.” The Queen was called upon to evict the Kents, but Her Majesty agreed to foot the bill herself at the commercial rate of £60,000 for the first year 2003-04 and thereafter £120,000 per year, while allowing Prince and Princess Michael to stay rent-free.  In 2010, after considerable pressure, the Kents agreed to pay their own rent on the Kensington Palace apartment.   Although Prince and Princess Michael are not working royals, they still represent the Queen at some royal events. However, they do not receive public funds for their work at such events. Prince Michael is Patron for a large number of charities and organisations, while Princess Michael is actively involved in many animal and wildlife trusts and health and welfare charities. She is also Patron of the London Arts Orchestra and of The Budapest Festival Orchestra. 