Gareth Southgate was left infuriated by a small section of England fans as they booed Manchester United captain Harry Maguire in the 3-0 friendly win over Ivory Coast at Wembley Stadium. The Three Lions endured a comfortable evening after former Tottenham defender Serge Aurier was given his marching orders in the first half for a second yellow card.  Goals from Ollie Watkins, Raheem Sterling and Tyrone Mings made sure of victory but unfortunately for Southgate, there was one negative to sour a good night's work. Before the game, supporters inside the stadium booed Maguire's name when the England team was read out over the tannoy. His first touch of the match was also met with boos, much to the surprise of Southgate and his England team-mates. The Three Lions boss was keen to set the record straight after the victory, defending his commanding centre-back, who let his football do the talking. READ MORE: Sadio Mane sends Senegal to World Cup as Liverpool team-mate Mo Salah skies penalty Southgate told Sky Sports: "I thought the reception was a joke, an absolute joke. "What he's done for us, the way he has performed for England has been phenomenal. I don't get it. We're either all in this together or we're not. "You don't boo an England player regardless but when he's played at the level he has and put the performance in for us like he has, it should be total commitment behind him. "So I don't get that at all, for his performance, pretty faultless really. DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt  "He stepped out from the back really well for the first goal and was involved in the second as well. "The team are totally united, we recognised everyone has difficult moments but he's a top player and he'll come through it." Patrick Davison then questioned whether the boo-boys were real England supporters - to which Southgate replied that they were... "They are real England fans and I think some are influenced by whatever, whether that's social media or I don't know if that's players that played previously, who are influencing opinion," he added. "Obviously the club situation is very difficult but he's in an England shirt. "I remember a couple of decades ago, players being booed in an England shirt, I've never got it. "I don't get how it's going to make anyone play any better, so fans should always get behind their team..." England will find out their World Cup opponents on Friday when the draw for the finals will be made in Qatar...