Jeremy Clarkson, 61, has reportedly applied again to add an extension to the parking area of his Diddly Squat farm in West Oxfordshire. The Clarkson’s Farm star is said to want to “formalise temporary parking” after having his last application rejected by a West Oxfordshire District Council (WODC) planning committee in January. According to the Independent, the application features a new storage compound and “associated landscaping”. But Jeremy has faced pushback from locals regarding his plans for the property. Neighbours in the local area have lodged more than 50 objections, which were registered with the council. Jeremy’s plans for a restaurant were eventually rejected, in something he described as “a very bad day for farming”. Since Clarkson's Farm was released on Amazon Prime last year, the farm has become a tourist destination. But the increase in footfall has angered some locals in Chadlington. Despite attending a meeting of West Oxon District Council to make a personal plea to councillors, Jeremy’s bid to build a 70 space car park and a 60 seat cafe were thrown out. Jeremy said at the meeting, according to The Mirror: "It is diversification of a farming business. “We have already started talking to our neighbouring farmers." He continued: "Farmers look after the woodland, they look after the hedges, the streams and the fields - they keep it beautiful. "Farmers are not going to be able to do that for much longer because of the farmer's state of finances. "We have been told as farmers to diversify - that is exactly what this proposal is." DON'T MISS‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Rod Stewart, 77, forced to fix nightmare potholes near his home [LATEST]Robbie Williams says he and wife have nowhere to live [NEWS] According to the Daily Star, Jeremy added the refusal would be a "very bad day for farming". Asked how frustrated he was, the presenter said: "Very, and so will all the local farmers." Councillors at the West Oxon District Council meeting supported the planners’ recommendation to refuse permission on the grounds that the restaurant would be "out of keeping" with the Cotswolds Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB). Council planning officer Joan Desmond said: “By reason of its siting, design, scale and location, the proposed development would not be sustainable and would not be compatible or consistent in scale with the existing farming business or its open countryside location." She continued: "By reason of its design, scale, siting and nature of the use within the Cotswolds Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, the proposed development would have a visually intrusive and harmful impact on the rural character, scenic beauty and tranquillity of the area." Councillor Merilyn Davies said: "We have to support farmers and diversification, we live in a rural area." Councillor Dean Temple, who represents Chadlington, said it is a "very difficult case," adding: "With a heavy heart, I propose we reject this proposal." Councillor Elizabeth Poskitt told the meeting: "There are plenty of less obtrusive places where one could have a restaurant." Express.co.uk has contacted a representative for Jeremy Clarkson for comment.