Dean Thompson, 54, “unofficially cared” for his neighbour, David Traylen, for 20 years. However, when Mr Traylen died at the age of 78, Thompson took the opportunity to claim much of his money for himself, reports Hull Live. Thompson called his bank, pretending to be the pensioner, and transferred £25,000 to himself. Two years later, he claimed another £30,000. Thompson admitted to five counts of fraud by false representation and one count of theft at Hull Crown Court. Mr Traylen did not have any known relatives or beneficiaries to his estate when he died on October 2, 2017, the court heard. After registering Mr Traylen’s death with Hull City Council, Thompson impersonated his recently deceased neighbour to First Direct bank, asking for the £28,000 in his savings account to be transferred to his current account. Still impersonating his old friend, he told the bank he was “very ill and wanted to sort out his funds". Thompson went on to use the money for his family’s day-to-day spending, and withdrew a further £6,367 with Mr Traylen’s debit card. He impersonated Mr Traylen again in October 2019 - this time access £30,000 of uncashed bonds and transferring them into his account. His fraud was finally unearthed when Mr Traylen’s sister, who lived in New Zealand, arrived to claim his estate. After she appointed a solicitor in the UK to liquidate the property, Thompson’s fraud was revealed. In total, £61,356.25 was taken from Mr Traylen’s accounts. When questioned by police, Thompson at first claimed the money had been a gift - but later fully admitted to the offences.In mitigation, Charlotte Baines pointed out that Thompson had no previous convictions. READ MORE: Entire London suburb faces being cancelled over 'colonialist' roots [ANALYSIS] She added: “He knows what he did was despicable and utterly regrets his actions. "His intentions were good, he supported David Traylen when he was alive, David had no one to care for him when he was alive. The defendant had meaningful intentions. "Thompson is someone with a strong work ethic, working for most of his adult life, he had a secure job at Stagecoach Transport. “He has been trying to put together the funds to pay back what he took, he wants to put it right." DON'T MISS: Angela Rayner ridiculed over Russia nuclear weapons claim [INSIGHT]Biden to snub trade deal over 'blood, sweat and tears' [ANALYSIS]MP rages at Sunak over Budget 'Nothing for WASPI women!' [REVEAL] Judge Peter Kelson QC told Mr Thompson: “I accept that you did previously support the victim before his demise. "Your described yourself as his unofficial carer, that is an underestimation of the support you provided him. However, after his death, you immediately transferred money to yourself by deceiving his bank. "The aggravating features of this case are the abuse of trust and sophisticated nature of the offence in that it took significant planning. This surpasses the threshold for immediate custody." Judge Kelson sentenced Dean Thompson to two years in prison. Additional reporting by Aditi Rane.