Natasha plays Lizzie Shelby, the second wife of Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) in popular series Peaky Blinders. The first two episodes of season six have teased the final instalment will be troublesome for the whole Shelby family. But despite the new episodes being far from jolly, actress Natasha joined Kym Marsh and Gethin Jones on BBC's Morning Live to share funny backstage antics and what items she took from the set as keepsakes. Season six so far has seen Tommy return from Boston, USA, to pick up where he left. In the final outing, not only do the married couple have to deal with the likes of Alfie Solomons (played by Tom Hardy) and Sir Oswald Mosley (Sam Claflin) but Tommy and Lizzie now have to contend with Ruby Shelby's (Heaven-Leigh Clee) deterioration.   They fear Esme Shelby's (Aimee-Ffion Edwards) season four curse is taking hold of their daughter.   Chatting about all things Peaky Blinders, O'Keeffe recounted a time when she and her on-screen husband "both nearly went up in smoke".   Read More: 'Getting seasick' The Ipcress File viewers fume over 'annoying' issue with ITV series   Presenter Marsh asked: "Have you taken anything from the set, you know, as a bit of a memento?" Jones jumped in and laughed as he asked Marsh: "Are you accusing Natasha of stealing?" She replied: "I wouldn't be able to help myself." Divulging what few items she was able to get her hands on, the star replied: "I have got some from this particular series. "I've got a handkerchief and coat which the lovely Alison McCosh, who's the costume designer on Peaky Blinders, said I could do some Tesco shopping with that on with my trainers." The trio laughed as the actress painted a picture of herself shopping in her iconic period drama look. She continued: "It's really cool, it's got, actually a little cigarette burn on the coat, and I recall the very moment that happened. "And it went on to Cillian's trousers, and there was a whole hoo-ha of a moment where we both nearly went up in smoke." DON’T MISS…NCIS' Pauley Perrette issues passionate plea against Ukrainian war: 'Who cares!' [LATEST]Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge 'sacrifice' clue? [LATEST]Loose Women's Linda Robson sparks uproar over Ukraine admission 'Ignorant!' [LATEST] The actress joined the show in 2019, and along with being the mother of Ruby, she is also the stepmother to Thomas' son, Charles Shelby (Jenson Clarke). Talking to Radio Times, the actress commented on the final season: "It was such a surreal season – losing Helen, filming with Covid restrictions and then the darkness of the story." Addressing the closing episode of the final season, she added: "I can't give anything away. "So let's just say that there were tears because of the scene itself and more tears because it was the end of the series." Even though season six has just started on the BBC, the star is already working on her next project. She has joined Amazon Primes' Wheel of Time series with little about her role known. As well as that project, she will also be appearing in a new film called Tyger. Morning Live airs weekdays at 9.15 am on BBC One and iPlayer.