The retailer warned shoppers about the change in an email today, which stated it's altering the scheme's "terms and conditions". According to the communication, this will happen from June, whereas currently shoppers have two years can retain their points for without using their card is two years. But shoppers have expressed their ire on Twitter, reports Nottinghamshire Live. And a personal finance expert has told Express.co.uk this could be a "harmful move" for Boots, which has more than 2,400 stores across the UK. David Beard, editor-in-chief of Lendingexpert.co.uk, said: "Loyal Boots customers won't like this change. Boots isn't necessarily a retailer you shop with regularly, and many customers may not be in the habit of using their card every time they shop due to the frequency of their visits. "To put a shorter time limit on one of their most loved benefits on the eve of the day many families' finances are set to be stretched could be a harmful move for the pharmacy." Writing on Twitter, one customer said: "Thanks for the warning about this. I had almost £30 on my Advantage card and when I checked after this email I now have ZERO." Another said: "They wiped mine, I had near £30 on it and I’m sure as hell I didn’t get a warning email about the two year wipe either… Won’t be shopping there now." A third posted: "I'm not very happy about this!"     Boots' email reads: "Hello, Thank you for being one of our valued Boots Advantage Card members. Whilst it won’t impact you as a regular Boots shopper, we need to let you know that we’re updating our Boots Advantage Card terms and conditions. "From 20th June 2022, we will remove Boots Advantage Card points from accounts that haven’t been used for one year, instead of the current two-year period. As long as you shop with your Boots Advantage Card at least once a year, your points will always be there ready for you to use them." For those with a dormant card, in a bid to keep points, simply use your Advantage Card in the next couple of months when making a transaction. 