Appearing on Thursday's instalment of This Morning, Nick Ferrari told hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield just how "chilling" Russia's invasion of Ukraine has become. The veteran broadcaster also spoke out about the growing number of anti-war protests in Russian cities since Vladimir Putin sent his forces to attack Ukraine. He later explained the reason many soldiers cannot understand why they are killing Ukrainians.  Nick began: "It is a totally different universe, it is quite chilling." Phillip asked whether Putin believed what he was saying, to which Nick replied: "He does, chillingly I think he does. "What's interesting, and I said we were going to touch on this, are the number of protests in the towns and cities is growing. They have imprisoned seven-year-old children." He added: "If you are 40 or below in Russia you have no memory of the Soviet Union which is 100 years old this year, so you can't quite work out why you are killing your brothers as it were." READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series He continued: "They say, 'I don't know what the Soviet Union was, I am very happy where we are as we have things in the shops, we have mobile phones and can listen to music.' "But we have someone in the Kremlin that thinks very differently." His comments come in the wake of activists marching in city centres to voice their opposition to the invasion. More than 2,000 civilians have been killed since last Thursday, according to Ukraine's State Emergency Service. Russian publications have reported children had been arrested after laying flowers at the Ukrainian embassy. It has been widely reported almost 7,000 people have been detained in as many as 50 cities so far. Referring to Nick's interview with a Russian soldier on his radio show, Holly asked: “Did you ask him about the children being arrested?” “Oh yes, absolutely, that they were just briefly detained for their own safety,” Nick replied, with Holly gasping in shock. DON'T MISS...'Boys won't be home by Christmas!' Nick Ferrari warns Britain [VIDEO]Ferrari slams caller defending Putin on Ukraine 'Never started a war?' [LATEST]PC culture behind the West's pathetic response, says NICK FERRARI [COMMENT] Phillip questioned: “What’s the end game here Nick?” “I don’t know,” the LBC host replied. “I really don’t know. I will say this, I don’t think the boys will be home for Christmas, to use an old World War One phrase. “I think we’re going to be looking at weeks and months of Ukrainian resistance and that will be ramped up and needs to be ramped up. “It’s whether the message can get to Putin and whether what is called an offramp - you’ll have heard this expression a lot - an offramp is a way you get Putin a path that he can back down gracefully and is seen to achieve something. We have to build an offramp.”   Phillip later asked guest Beverley Turner what her thoughts were after Cabinet minister Michael Gove drew up plans to seize British property owned by Russian oligarchs with links to Putin without paying them compensation. "It was pointed out that legally this is a rather difficult thing to do," the ITV presenter added. She agreed but stressed: "Eastern parts of Ukraine have been in conflict with Russia for eight years". The presenter also said the British Government has known this has been "bubbling" away for years and thought there was a "hypocrisy" from the Conservatives. This Morning continues weekdays at 10am on ITV.   