Footage shared on social media showed residents trying to cross the Irpen River, northern Ukraine on makeshift walkaways made up of wooden planks and debris. An elderly woman could be seen being helped by officials as she tentatively cross the river. People were seen seeking shelter under the damaged bridge as they waited for their turn to make their way to the other side. Children in strollers were waiting with their parents as they desperately attempted to evacuate towards western areas of Ukraine amid ongoing Russian shelling. A humanitarian corridor in Irpin, an exclave within capital Kyiv, had to be shut down after Russian forces reportedly breached a ceasefire. At least four teenagers were killed as they attempted to escape with their parents. Photos from the areas showed the bodies of a woman and her teenage daughter and son laying dead on the road after being hit by Russian snipers, their luggage laying in disarray around them. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Further footage appeared to show a Ukrainian official helping with the evacuation seeking shelter and urging residents to retreat as shots were fired towards them. Ukraine and Russia have been blaming each other for the deaths, but have agreed to further peace talks on Monday. Kyiv also refused offers from Russia to open further humanitarian corridors, fearing people seeking to escape would be forced to cross into Belarus or Russia. According to maps published by the RIA news agency, the corridor from Kyiv would lead to Belarus, while civilians from Kharkiv would be directed to Russia. READ MORE: Dozens of Putin helicopters 'blown to smithereens overnight in direct Ukraine action raid' READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Moscow would also provide an airlift from Kyiv to Russia, the ministry said. About 2,000 civilians have so far been evacuated from the town of Irpin near the Ukrainian capital Kyiv, police said on Monday. A police statement did not make clear over what period the evacuations had taken place. DON'T MISS: European panic-buyers overwhelm pharmacies over nuclear fears [VIDEO]Putin plot backfires as Finnish president announces plan to join NATO [INTERVIEW]Ukraine-Russia war: Putin now seizes Russian bank accounts [BLOG] A spokesperson for Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky called the move "completely immoral" saying Russia was trying to "use people's suffering to create a television picture". "They are citizens of Ukraine, they should have the right to evacuate to the territory of Ukraine," the spokesperson told Reuters. Russia's invasion has been condemned around the world, sent more than 1.5 million Ukrainians fleeing abroad, and triggered sweeping sanctions that have abruptly isolated Russia to a degree never before experienced by such a large economy. The majority of refugees has been welcomed by neighbouring Poland, Romania, Slovakia, and Ukraine, who have all limited checks at the border. The European Union also waived checks for people escaping from Ukraine despite the country not being a member of the Schengen Area. The UK relaxed access routes for Ukrainians towards the UK, however, Home Secretary Priti Patel came under fire over the number of refugees welcomed to Britain so far.