Prince William delighted royal fans after being spotted helping Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, going down a staircase during a reception on their last day in Belize. As the Duchess was wearing vertiginous high Jimmy Choo heels, the mindful Duke lent his support to make sure Kate would steadily descend the cobbled steps. And fans of the Royal couple went wild, saying it offered an insight into the dynamics of their lasting relationship. It came as Twitter fan account @lovecambridges_ shared a video of the rare public display of affection. The accompanying caption read: "William helping his wife down the stairs by holding her hand." Fans went into a frenzy with another account, @loveforcambridg, writing: "He is such a gentleman". Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here Another, @Katemiddletonl3, said: "So sweet". Other supporters commented on the footage and pictures taken during the reception with Belize's Governor-General, Froya Tzalam, claiming the Duke and Duchess appeared particularly joyful during their Caribbean tour. @KaylaAdams___ tweeted: "Honestly they’re just SO happy and joyful this trip, it’s been so lovely to see them in Belize just enjoying the rich culture and learning more about Belizeans." A second, @Cristinaesamuel, said: "Oh my god you're the cutest couple I have seen." READ MORE: Royal LIVE: Oscars threatened with boycott over Meghan and Harry Finally, @Philsnr, added: "I wonder, if and when William looks at Catherine, he thanks his lucky stars for her". For the reception, Kate dazzled in a metallic pink dress by British designer The Vampire's Wife. She paired the gown with a Mayan embroidered clutch, in a clear nod to the country she was visiting. The reception was held at the Mayan ruins at Cahal Pech near the town of San Ignacio in the Cayo District of Belize, just hours after Kate and William were allowed to soak in the local history by visiting the ancient Mayan sites in Caracol.  Kate and William don't normally display their affection during official engagements. While there is no royal rule in place when it comes to showing affection for a partner, the Cambridges are believed to be following the example set by the Queen and late Prince Philip who, during their seven-decade-long marriage, were very rarely spotted exchanging affectionate gestures in public. During the reception, Prince William delivered a speech touching on the ongoing crisis in Ukraine - sparked by the Russian invasion launched by Vladimir Putin on February 24. And he introduced the topic by quoting Her Majesty's speech on social justice and freedom delivered in 1994. He said: "She [the Queen] said, 'I am proud to associate myself with your determination that social justice and personal freedom should flourish under the rule of law. "'It is always dangerous, however, to be complacent and to assume that democratic values will look after themselves. "'Vigilance in protecting them is needed'. "Her Majesty went on to say that, 'Most of all, democracy is safe-guarded by teamwork – the individual wills of all citizens, each pulling together towards the same objective'." Speaking about Ukraine, William added: "Sadly, elsewhere in the world, that vigilance is being tested today in Ukraine. "Belize has joined many others in condemning the invasion and standing up for the principles of international law, peace and security. "Today we think of those struggling in Ukraine and we stand with them in solidarity."