It recently emerged that the Duke of Sussex will not join his family on March 29 for the memorial service of Prince Philip. The service will be held at Westminster Abbey and will be attended by members of the Royal Family, friends of the Duke of Edinburgh and dignitaries and representatives of the charities and organisations which Philip was associated with. While Harry won’t be in attendance, his spokesperson claimed that the prince plans to visit the Queen as soon as possible. Harry is said to have had a close relationship with both of his grandparents. The Duke of Edinburgh played a huge role in all his grandchildren’s lives, but Harry has always been said to have had an especially close bond with his grandfather. While Harry returned for Philip’s funeral in April 2021, he has decided not to come back for the memorial service later this month. Although a reason has not been given, Harry is currently in a legal dispute with the Home Office over his security arrangements when in the UK. His decision to stay in the US has been branded “disrespectful” by royal journalist, Robert Jobson. Mr Jobson told the Royally US podcast on Wednesday: “I’m sure that the Queen knows that Philip and Harry had a great relationship and enjoyed each other’s company. “I think it’s [Harry not returning for the memorial service] disrespectful, personally.” He added: “I think any young man, particularly one who was guided so well by the Duke of Edinburgh and I’ve written a book about the Duke and I know he was a fine man — somebody who dedicated his life to service and to the Crown and caring for and loving his wife, the Queen, and showing deference as well as care for her. “He was at the funeral, I think he should have — whatever is going on — he should have been at the service of thanksgiving.” In January, it emerged that Harry had filed a claim for a judicial review over a Home Office decision that has prevented him from personally paying for Metropolitan Police protection. The Duke is said to want to return to the UK with his wife and children, but does not “feel safe” to do so without such protection. Speaking on the matter, Mr Jobson said: “There doesn’t appear to be any serious reason why he can’t be there [Philip’s memorial service]. He’s going to Holland for the Invictus Games shortly afterwards. DON'T MISSQueen holds face-to-face audience with poet Grace Nichols [REPORT] Princess Beatrice's stepson Wolfie in heartbreaking remark [INSIGHT]Queen needed 'generous deal' as the royals were 'running out of money' [ANALYSIS] “All this business about ‘he doesn’t feel safe, can’t get the protection that he needs’ — I think is bonkum. “I think it’s nonsense because all you have to do is hire former royalty protection officers — they’re no more than 50 years old, they tend to retire quite early and they’ll be in the loop for protection — and you’d be as safe effectively as if you’d had your own armed bodyguards. “So I don’t really buy into that. I think that he’s got a book coming out which is going to be rude and inevitably cause trouble between him and his father if he talks about the future Queen Consort, the Duchess of Cornwall, maybe he’s worried about that.” Last year, the Duke of Sussex announced that he’d be releasing a book discussing the "highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned" in his life so far. Should Prince Harry return for Prince Philip's memorial service? Let us know what you think in the comments section The memoir, being published by Random Penguin House, is tipped to publicly spill all on his relationship with members of the Royal Family. According to the book’s publishers, Harry’s memoir will “share, for the very first time, the definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses and life lessons that have helped shape him”. While the content of the book remains unknown, there has been concern that its release will overshadow the Queen’s monumental milestone. Her Majesty is Britain’s first monarch to celebrate 70 years on the throne. Her Platinum Jubilee will be celebrated throughout the year but will culminate in a four day weekend in June. Grant Harrold, a former royal butler, told the Express.co.uk last year that the book’s release “could overshadow” the monarch’s achievement. He said: “It'll be covered in the press, bits pulled out of course that are the strongest parts of it, it'll be discussed and it could potentially be all about the same time. “So I think the thing is, it could overshadow it and only time will tell.”