Some politicians have already called on the Government, and the public, to do more to lessen car ownership rates in anticipation of the 2050 Net Zero target. Transport Minister Trudy Harrison has previously said the UK must move towards shared mobility options and move away from “20th century thinking centred around private vehicle ownership”. She suggested that shared mobility should become “the norm” including bike share schemes, car clubs, shared rides, e-scooters and demand responsive transport. The Licensed Private Car Hire Association (LPCHA), which represents the industry, in November estimated that the UK is short of 160,000 of the previously 300,000 strong workforce. A number of factors have contributed to this issue, including fuel shortages, record petrol and diesel prices and expensive licensing costs. Applying for a private hire vehicle licence can cost a driver as much as £600 per year. READ MORE: Drivers to be fined £200 just for touching a mobile phone Industry experts are warning that these increases could lead to more operators placing some of the cost onto people using the services, resulting in more expensive fares. Data from Autocab has found that 72 percent of regular UK taxi users missed or were late for an important event due to the lack of taxis. More than one quarter of these people were trying to attend a medical appointment. Safa Alkateb, CEO at Autocab, said the Government must do more to help the taxi industry if it wants to lessen car use. DON'T MISSThirty year-old cars pulled from bottom of Scottish reservoir [SHOCKING]Major UK city to ban petrol and diesel cars [WARNING]Drivers demand expansion for Low Emission Zone which fines all cars [INSIGHT] Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “Passengers usually decide which mode of transport to take based on convenience and reliability. “If you have an important meeting you need to get to, or are vulnerable and travelling to a medical appointment, are you willing to leave your car at home and rely on two buses to get you there on time? “For many of us, the answer is probably no. “An alternative is a taxi, but the ongoing driver shortage is rendering this a less reliable option. “If the Government wants to minimise the use of private vehicles, more measures must be put in place to aid driver recruitment in the taxi and private hire industry and help local operators to meet rising demand." Around 70 percent of people have struggled or completely failed to book a taxi ride since December 1, 2021, with many operators pointing to the lack of help available to them. As a result, over one fifth of taxi users in the UK now say they do not feel comfortable relying on taxi services anymore. Of these, 35 percent are using their own car more as a result, despite the Government’s attempts to reduce car use to reach net zero emissions by 2050. Amjid Javaid, Managing Director at DG Cars in Nottingham, also highlighted the industry-wide issues and the knock-on effect to the user. He told Express.co.uk: “We’ve noticed a big impact on our own passengers because of the driver shortage. “Lack of availability not only means longer wait times and more delays for passengers, but it inevitably leads to price increases in order to meet demand.” Previously, the Mayor of London Sadiq Khan has pledged a 27 percent reduction in car miles by 2030, while the Scottish Government has pledged a 20 percent reduction.