Manchester United appear to have a secret weapon that they can use to tempt Thomas Tuchel to leave Chelsea and become their next boss. Tuchel has emerged as a surprise contender for the soon-to-be-vacant manager's job at Old Trafford. Ralf Rangnick is charge of the Red Devils until the end of the season, having replaced Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in November. But the German's appointment was only an interim one and he will step into a consultancy role in the summer. That means that United will once again be searching for a new boss when the summer rolls around. Mauricio Pochettino and Erik Ten Hag were understood to be the two frontrunners for the position, with both of them thought to be ready to leave PSG and Ajax respectively. But their candidacies have taken a hit in the past week following their side's performances in the last 16 of the Champions League. Pochettino oversaw a remarkable collapse in PSG's second leg against Real Madrid, while Ten Hag's Ajax were knocked out by Benfica. READ MORE: Man Utd ace Marcus Rashford makes statement on video of him That has led to Tuchel's name emerging as a possible option, especially following the sanctions that have hit Chelsea. The Blues have been severley restricted in their day-to-day activities and are unable to buy or sell players after the UK government took action against Roman Abramovich. Former Liverpool star Jamie Carragher urged United to move for Tuchel as a result, with reports over the weekend stating the Red Devils are monitoring the German. According to the Daily Mail, United could even use Rangnick as a secret weapon to tempt his countryman into moving to Old Trafford. DON'T MISS: Man Utd star Fernandes is 'uncoachable' as extent of issues laid bare (INSIGHT)Real Madrid icon sums up Man Utd woes with brutal comment (NEWS)Roy Keane's concerns over Harry Maguire coming to fruition at Man Utd (ANALYSIS) It is stated that the current United boss shares 'close ties' with Tuchel, following their time in the Bundesliga. And that is something the Red Devils can use to their advantage if they do indeed attempt to steal Tuchel away from Stamford Bridge. The Blues boss is now understood to be among the leading candidates, though has insisted that he will stay with Chelsea until the end of the season. But his future beyond this summer remains up in the air, with United's process for appointing a new manager now at an 'advanced stage'.