The Duke of York will appear in public for the first time since he settled the US civil sexual assault case brought against him by Virginia Giuffre. The poignant Westminster Abbey service will celebrate the life of Prince Philip. Andrew lost the use of the title His Royal Highness and stepped back from public life in the midst of his US court case. His representative told the BBC he will attend the service commemorating his father. It will be the first time Andrew will have been seen at an event in public since agreeing to make payments to Ms Giuffre and her victims' rights charity. The settlement ended the civil court case.  Andrew strenuously and repeatedly denied any claims of wrongdoing. The formal closure of the case ended the prospect of a trial in New York. However, questions have remained about the prince's future role in the royal family and public life. At the weekend it emerged that Andrew may have stepped down voluntarily from the prestigious "In&Out" navy club. The Duke of York, 62, had been member of the organisation since serving in the Royal Navy.  READ MORE ABOUT THE UK HEADING FOR 'DISASTER BEYOND IMAGINATION' Prince Philip had served as president of the club which was founded in 1862 for "gentlemen of the British Armed Forces". It is also thought that Andrew will have no formal role in marking the upcoming 40th anniversary of the Falklands War. The Duke of York served during the conflict which began on April 2, 1982. The announcement about Andrew's return comes 10 days after Prince Harry's spokesperson announced he will not return to the UK from the US to join the royal family at the service on March 29.  DON'T MISS: Boy, 14, arrested on suspicion of rape of a young girl [REPORT] Putin humiliated as hardman Chechen special forces go home [REVEALED] Queen fights ‘haunting image’ to attend Phillip’s memorial [LATEST] The Duke of Sussex has pursued a legal challenge against the Home Office after being told he would no longer be given the same degree of personal protective security when visiting from the US, despite offering to fund it himself. Harry was last in London in the summer of 2021, when it is understood his security was compromised after his car was chased by paparazzi as he left a charity event.  A legal representative previously said the Duke wants to bring his son Archie and daughter Lilibet to visit from the US, but he and his family are "unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous. Philip died in April last year at the age of 99. The service of thanksgiving is a chance for family, friends, dignitaries and representatives of the charities and organisations Philip was associated with to pay tribute to him.  The Queen is expected to attend the service honouring her husband but concerns have been raised about her mobility. She was unable to go to the Commonwealth Service held in Westminster Abbey last week. 