Juventus are reportedly readying a bid to partner Mohamed Salah with Massimiliano Allegri after the manager made the Liverpool star his dream transfer this summer. Jurgen Klopp does not want to lose his star man but he will enter the final 12 months of his contract. Juventus are looking at ways that they can break the ban to bring in Salah this summer in a sensational move for the Old Lady. The Egypt international will enter the final 12 months of his contract next season. Negotiations over a new deal have stalled with neither party able to find any middle ground. It points towards a potential summer exit with the Reds reluctant to lose the 29-year-old for nothing. Salah is keen on being rewarded for his brilliant form at Anfield and wants to be the highest earner in the Premier League. That would see him take home more than Cristiano Ronaldo - who is on £500,000-a-week at Manchester United. But Liverpool are reluctant to adhere to the former AS Roma star’s wishes as it would utterly disrupt their current pay structure. Salah currently earns £200,000-a-week and wants wages that is close to treble that. It has alerted a number of clubs around the continent, who might have a chance of signing the Egyptian this summer as he enters the final 12 months of his contract. That includes Juventus, who might consider themselves an outside bet but have every intention of making a move either way. The news that Paulo Dybala will leave the Turin outfit at the end of the season means that they might have to dip into the transfer window to find a replacement. The Argentine has been told that his contract will not be renewed and he will leave for nothing this summer. And according to Il Corriere della Sera, via Football Italia, a move for Salah is being readied by Juve to adhere to Allegri’s wish to coach the Liverpool star. However, the economics behind such a deal have left the Bianconeri bosses scratching their heads. It has been stated that Juventus would use the growth decree to get a tax discount on the player’s gross salary. But even with financial aid, it would be a long shot to find an agreement with Salah and his wage demands. One of the reasons why Dybala is being let go is to keep their wage bill under control, so bringing in the Liverpool star for a salary that would financially cripple them makes little sense. There is also the fact that Salah is less than convinced of returning to Serie A. Nevertheless, Allegri dreams of coaching the forward and sees him as an integral part of taking Juve back to the top of Italian football. It has been a difficult couple of years for the Old Lady, who were knocked out of the Champions League this season after a shock 3-0 defeat at the hands of Villarreal.