It’s a busy day in space, with Mercury, Uranus, Pluto, the Sun and the Moon all eager to have a say in what happens down on Earth. You’ll be feeling extra bright and full of ideas today, but don’t be too obsessive. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for March 17. The planet of communication and travel (Mercury) is sextile the planet of rebellion and innovation (Uranus) today. Both planets have something to do with tech too. According to Astrology King, Mercury sextile Uranus brings “thought-provoking ideas and a kinky sense of humour”, so it’s a great week for socialising. The site added: “All of your senses will be heightened which allows you to perceive things in greater detail.” With Mercury in Pisces and Uranus in Taurus forming a supporting aspect, we’re super brainy. Cafe Astrology said: “This aspect encourages alternative approaches, new ideas, and scientific thinking. “Intuition is strong, and insights are quick and exciting. Original, creative ideas and theories come naturally. “We can take advantage of this by solving problems in new, innovative ways.” READ MORE- Zodiac sign: Virgo 'loves hard' but has 'unfair reputation' Varying our usual routine may be especially rewarding today, and ideas to do so abound. Mercury sextile Uranus helps to tone down the spiritual and witchy side of Mercury in Pisces.Astrology.com said: “Earthy wild child Uranus encourages the mystical mind to consider an alternative yet grounded perspective. “You may even have a sudden yet intuitive realisation, giving you a greater understanding that breaks through your rose-coloured vision.” Later today, Mercury and Pluto form a semi-square, generating tension, mental distress, and worry. We tend toward obsessing over an issue that we can’t control with this aspect in play, apparently. Cafe Astrology explained: “We’re somewhat sceptical or mistrustful under this influence. “However, if we harness the energy and use it for good, we can develop strategies to get to the bottom of a matter.” DON'T MISS...Aries season dates: What's in store for Aries season [INFORMER]Pisces 2022 yearly horoscope: What the water sign can expect from 2022 [INSIGHT]Capricorn 2022 yearly horoscope: What Capricorn can expect from 2022 [EXPLAINER] Also today, the Sun and Uranus are forming a challenging semi-square. The mystics at Cafe Astrology said: “This can stir some restlessness that may seem too generalised to put to productive use. “We may want to shake things up, make changes, and break the routine now. “However, we could also be tense if there are unexpected schedule changes or if we’re not in touch with what we need to change. It’s better to keep things simple.” The Moon spends the day in practical, conscientious Virgo, and we’re more focused than usual on our daily routines and tasks. Cafe Astrology explained: “We instinctually gravitate towards practical activities under the influence of a Virgo Moon. “In an urge to set things right, we might easily find ourselves reorganising and rethinking plans. “Emotional satisfaction comes from solving problems, making order out of confusion, and helping others. “Health matters might come into focus. We notice the smaller parts that make up the whole, and instead of letting nagging details bother us, we might work on ironing them out so that we can feel more confident moving ahead.”