Despite launching in February, Elden Ring seems nailed-on to be crowned game of the year for 2022. From Software's fantasy game features one of the best open world settings ever created, not to mention the same satisfying combat system we've come to expect from the Dark Souls developer. The only criticism fans may have is that there's no quest tracker, making it difficult to stay on top of what's going on. Fortunately, one fan has created an app to solve this potential problem. Created by Elden Ring fan Dachary Carey, Shattered Ring is an unofficial tracking app for the role-playing game. The iOS app lets players keep tabs on non-playable characters, locations and quests. You can even use it for other role-playing games. "Shattered Ring is the task tracker you didn’t know you needed for Elden Ring," reads the official description. "The Shattered Ring iOS app is an RPG tracker to keep tabs on important NPCs, locations, and quests." The app features a variety of icons to help you identify various characters and their locations. A dollar sign identifies the NPC as a merchant, a pencil icon means they've given you a quest, while the location arrow shows their location. You can also make separate notes about each NPC, adding details such as their proximity to powerful enemies, their dialogue and more. The location part of the app lets you track whether or not the area has been cleared, whether it contains any NPCs, and if you can purchase and upgrade items. The notes can be used to highlight any items you may have missed, meaning you can go back later to hoover them up. Elsewhere, the Shattered Ring creator shares more details on the Quest section of the app, and its benefits. "From the Quest list, you can easily browse quests and their completion status. You can view all quests by default, or filter the list to see only complete or incomplete quests. A green checkbox at the right of a quest row indicates the quest is complete. "The search field lets you find Quests by name, and it also searches the text of the notes you’ve added for each quest. Can’t remember what you called a quest but you know it involved a howling wolf? If you jot down that note, you’ll be able to find your quest again!" You can download the Shattered Ring app for £2.49 from the iOS App Store.