With energy bills soaring in the country after the cap on energy prices was raised by Ofgem and inflation spiked, the Government now is faced with potential deductions in the exported amounts of gas from Russia. A senior Government source has stated Western countries could look into reviewing their net zero policy, as one of the ways to become less reliant on Russia. Speaking to Politico’s London Playbook, the source said that observers “could expect to hear a lot more about Western countries giving themselves a temporary ‘climate change pass’,” due to the developments in Ukraine. However, the source noted that Britain is not as dependent as others on Russian energy. Reviewing the agenda around the net zero policy is a prospect supported by backbench Tory MPs, members of the Net Zero Scrutiny Group (NZSG), who are calling for the ban on fracking to be lifted. At the same time, political analyst Joe Armitage, with an article in the Telegraph, suggested that a reduction in Russian gas exports could bring energy prices to a new “eye-watering” high. READ MORE: Awkward moment maskless Boris glares at TrudeauFarmers vow to snub Boris at next election in fury at Brexit stitch-upFinally! SNP sees sense and puts IndyRef2 on ice to confront Putin According to the analyst, this is mainly due to the UK’s exposure to wholesale energy prices. Mr Armitage said: “As a result of Europe’s over-dependence on Russian gas, any material curtailment of its supply to the continent would result in a significant scramble to buy Liquified Natural Gas (LNG) from the United States and Qatar. “This would have to be purchased on the wholesale market at a huge cost. In his article, Mr Armitage outlined a three-step plan that the Government should implement. Mr Armitage suggested that his plan would assist in reducing the country’s exposure to wholesale energy prices. Ultimately, the Government would be able to bring bills under control and become more energy secure. Initially, according to Mr Armitage, the Government should increase the volume of gas extracted in UK waters. The analyst claims that the recent approval of six new licences for extraction in the North Sea were encouraging. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Boris handed one change that could slash EU red tapeSNP's Ian Blackford demands Britain's nuclear deterrent is AXEDBritain will help EU and West away from Russian gas - New energy plan However, he noted: “A greater sense of mission is required to meet the scale of the deteriorating situation. “Every sinew should be strained in Whitehall to issue more of them, which could be made conditional on a proportion of the gas extracted from new fields being earmarked for the UK.” In addition, Mr Armitage highlighted the additional costs placed on energy bills as “no longer sustainable”. He said that this includes the environmental, social, and VAT costs, which now amount for 30 percent of an average electricity bill and 7 percent for a gas bill.