An amusing story of how George Russell tried to persuade Toto Wolff to accept him into Mercedes' junior programme has recently come to light following his full debut weekend with the team. Russell joined the Mercedes-AMG Petronas Motorsport junior programme in 2017 and is now one of their F1 drivers alongside arguably the greatest the sport has ever seen, Lewis Hamilton. A segment of Sam White's deep dive into Russell for GQ magazine looks back at the measures he took to make it in F1. At one stage, Russell's dad told him he had to find his own sponsorship to continue racing due to financial limitations. And that was when he emailed Wolff asking to meet as he intended to join Mercedes' junior programme. The Silver Arrows' boss agreed to meet, prompting the 24-year-old to travel to Mercedes' HQ and showcase a PowerPoint presentation outlining why he should be considered. "Russell came to our headquarters in Brackley in a suit and a tie with a PowerPoint presentation on why he was someone that we should consider for our junior programme," Wolff said. JUST IN: Mercedes have Red Bull and Ferrari worry that may hurt Lewis Hamilton Russell endured a rocky start to his first weekend as a permanent Mercedes driver, only going ninth fastest in Bahrain GP qualifying, below Lewis Hamilton's ex-teammate Valtteri Bottas in an Alfa Romeo. But he recovered on Sunday, assisted by Red Bull's disastrous finish, crossing the line in fourth behind Charles Leclerc, Carlos Sainz and Hamilton. The new driver dynamic at Mercedes was one of several storylines of interest heading into the 2022 season, with Russell proving his world title-winning potential at Williams. But after Sunday's curtain-raiser, he admitted he struggled to compete with Hamilton and hailed the British icon's pace. READ MORE: George Russell explains what it's really like racing Lewis Hamilton He told Channel 4: "There's always things to learn. He's a brilliant example, he always seems to be getting better and better and better, and every year I feel like I'm the best version of myself. I feel a better driver this year than I did last year, and I'm sure I'll be a better driver at the end of this year than I am currently. "So it's never-ending, that's the brilliant thing about Formula 1, the cars are always different year-on-year, tyres are always different, it's always constantly evolving. But, yeah, he's definitely incredibly fast. He's definitely pretty impressive. I definitely wasn't quite on his pace this weekend, but I don't think I was a million miles away."