Royal author Angela Levin took to social media to urge Kate Middleton to “be herself” after new images of the late Princess Diana emerged. An unseen snap of the Princess of Wales, taken by esteemed photographer David Bailey in 1988, has been compared to Kate’s birthday portraits taken earlier this year.    Diana's portrait is a black and white side profile of the Princess where the royal is seated in a satin one-shoulder dress, paired with a teardrop earring. The snap has been compared to Kate’s royal portraits which were released to mark her 40th birthday this year, where she was pictured wearing a similar gown and striking a similar pose. Award-winning biographer Angela Levin took to social media to point out the similarities. The royal author wrote to her 33k followers: “I think Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge should stick to being herself. READ MORE: Prince Edward celebrates birthday doing charity work with wife Sophie “She doesn't need to try to be someone else, including Diana. She's great as she is.” Meanwhile, others disagreed the Duchess was impersonating the late Princess. Moyellie tweeted: “I don't even think she is trying to be Diana, I don't see any major similarities to Diana apart from the fact that they are both beautiful and kind.” A Cambridge fan account also ran to Kate’s defence and wrote: “Yes Catherine is great as she is but we all know she wasn’t, isn’t and will never try to be like Diana! DON'T MISSQueen ‘fascinated’ by ordinary American cereal royal chefs serve [REVEAL]Sophie Wessex meets 90-year-old she called fortnightly during pandemic [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Kate will 'hide feelings' but won't forget [LIVE]  “This is just nonsense from some parts of the media.. she has always been her own woman and this won’t change!” Meanwhile, Maggy added: “I have never seen Catherine Duchess of Cambridge being anything but herself. “Nothing she has done has led me to think 'Diana did that'. Same can't be said for someone living across the pond though!” George agreed and tweeted: “The Duchess of Cambridge never tried to be anyone else but herself. She has been in the public eye for over 20 years. A lot longer than that of Diana. “The Duchess of Cambridge has made her own mark and done things her own way including creating her adorable family.”  