It is believed Mustique, in the Caribbean, is a holiday hotspot frequented by the Royal Family and in particular by Kate and William who have enjoyed some unforgettable summer holidays there. It is reported the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge stay at the luxurious Villa Antilles, in Mustique. The dreamy villas cost around £27,000-a-week, a Channel 5 documentary unveiled. Author Marcia Moody said in her book 'Kate: A Biography' that the island of Mustique is indeed Kate and William's favourite destination to spend their holidays abroad. The breathtaking spot is a small private island, part of St Vincent and the Grenadines. READ MORE: Flight attendant explains what happens with ‘violent’ passengers  The 1,400 acres island is completely paparazzi free and it is also known to be a no-fly zone, perfect for the rich and famous. The island’s website states: “Every island visitor is registered with our security team before arriving on island by land, air or sea, whether staff, local islander or guest to ensure the security team know who is on island at any one time”. The Villa Antilles website says: "The focus is on al fresco dining at Antilles. "With a choice of indoor and outdoor dining locations and a trained chef, menus can be tailored to suit every taste and preference."  The luxury villas feature four bedrooms and a private garden with an infinity pool, and include four household staff members, a butler, chef, housekeeper and gardener. The outdoor area has a jacuzzi and a dining area. Moody explained: "The Caribbean island had become a favourite thanks to its old-fashioned charm. "And the fact that it is totally private. "While other Caribbean destinations had been modernized, Mustique was still the exclusive and luxurious destination that had been a favourite of Princess Margaret and Mick Jagger." The royal biographer unveiled some of the things Kate enjoys doing while on holidays: "Even when they were on holiday, [she] remained active and spent their time horse-riding, playing tennis and practising yoga." "Kate always returned from her holidays as brown as a berry," said Moody. However, it hasn't always been glamorous for the Duchess of Cambridge as in 2001 she travelled to Patagonia, in South America, where she was forced "out of her comfort zone". Moody explained: "[They] tackled river crossings, climbed peaks and pitched their tents at night, learning about their surroundings and survival techniques from the group leaders as they went along." She added: "There was a no-alcohol policy, so there were lots of early nights after an exhausting day of exploring." Despite the challenging circumstances, Kate remained "impeccably behaved."