In fact, having a nice bathroom with a bath can actually help to sell a home quicker than those without. As well as kitchens being important to buyers, a clean, modern bathroom is also high up on people’s lists. BC Designs have explained why a new bathroom and bath should feature high up on a “must have” list. Darren Allison, Managing Director at BC Designs, explained: “There is lots to consider when undertaking a bathroom renovation project, including layout, pipe planning, storage, and sticking to that all important budget. “But if you are thinking of removing your bath, it could actually have a negative effect on the resale value of your home.” A bath may take up a lot of space, but the expert recommended taking extra time to consider if this will be beneficial long-term. There are many reasons a bath could be more practical than just a shower, including small children and even pets. READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it If homeowners are thinking of moving in the future, baths are often a necessity on prospective buyers’ lists. Even in small bathrooms, there are many options that would still allow a bath to comfortably fit in, including freestanding baths. The expert added: “While a bath is important, there is a huge demand for freestanding models. “In fact, research has found that a freestanding bath features in the top five of the ultimate property wish list. DON'T MISS:Flowers to ‘plant now’ for ‘vibrant’ summer blooms [COMMENT]DIY couple share £100 living room transformation [PICTURES]Tomatoes: How to get the ‘best’ germination for tasty summer fruit [EXPERT] “Contemporary freestanding bathtubs are becoming more popular since they are regarded as the centrepiece within modern bathroom design. “There are several advantages to them. “There is a reduced installation cost, and they can be located anywhere in the room, even in the centre, or bedroom. “Some baths, such as claw foot and those in frames, make it easier to keep the area around and under the bathtub clean, and while being aesthetically attractive and available in a multitude of styles, many of the freestanding bathtubs are extremely comfortable.” For those who wish to have a shower and a bath, the expert recommended considering placing one over the bath. There are lots of models that have been designed to suit a variety of different bathrooms. There are even freestanding baths with open pipework, creating an extra feature in the bathroom. According to Victoria Plum, a new bathroom can add as much as £13,000 onto the value of a property. The company has shared top tips on ensuring a bathroom is appealing to buyers. Victoria Plum said: “First off, take a long hard objective look at your bathroom…note down all the things that could potentially put a buyer off. This will give you a list of issues to address. “Your list of issues may not actually be that long. It may be the case that your suite is absolutely fine and fit for purpose. If so, focus on the cosmetic issues such as a new paint job for your walls and ceiling, filling slight cracks and mending broken tiles. “If your fixtures are grimy and covered in limescale, then a couple of new taps could make a real difference.” The experts also recommended looking out for damp or mildew issues as well as thinking about if anything needs replacing in the room. This could include a set of new ceramics.