Maps from WXCharts show that the heavy snow will arrive next Friday, March 11 with over 20cm of snow possible in Wales and Scotland in the evening before it sweeps across the country overnight. There is likely to be over 20cm of snow in the Midlands and flurries also on the south coast.  Both Sunday and Monday are expected to remain dry, as low pressure dominates over Britain and Ireland, but a chill enters from the start of the week. By 9am on Monday, temperatures are set to be as low as -2C in parts of west Scotland, and range between -1C and 2C throughout the rest of the country. Tuesday and Wednesday continue to see mostly dry conditions, with temperatures averaging at around 1C in the South and 0C in the north by midweek, before Thursday sees unsettled conditions return. The Met Office has warned Brits of strong winds, frost, freezing temperatures and coastal gales all sweeping in from the west.  Their forecast for March 7 to March 16 reads: “As we move through the period there will be an increased likelihood of spells of rain, potentially preceded by snow, arriving from the west. “Winds will likely strengthen through midweek with an increasing likelihood of coastal gales.” The Met Office forecast said bands of rain with “short lived snow” may stall across central areas at times, with the potential to bring more disruption, while some eastern areas will stay dry.  READ MORE: Prince William's anger after leaked photo: 'Worried for Kate' “Towards the end of the month, a north-south split may develop with high pressure across the south and more changeable conditions likely in the north,” the long-term forecast said. Jo Farrow, Netweather.tv forecaster, wrote for the agency’s website that after a “settled weekend”, there will be a return to split pressure in the UK. She said: “A widespread frost for Monday. Then back to the balancing act.  DON'T MISS:Sarah Ferguson shares heartfelt message in support of UkraineMark Dolan slams Labour MP after election interview snub-'Over to you'‘End of Covid’ SAGE stands down as UK enters new phase of pandemic “Potentially a feed of much colder air off the continent and an Atlantic system coming up against that by Thursday. “Shifting a blocking high is notorious for delays or changes however there could be heavy rain and gales later next week and maybe snow.” 