The Royal Family has had a tumultuous two years, with allegations against key members, departures of others away from the UK, and the death of Prince Philip. Scattered amongst the events of 2021 was the divorce of Peter Phillips from his wife Autumn in June. Both have now moved on elsewhere and have since debuted in public with new partners. Ms Wallace, 40, is Mr Phillip's new girlfriend, who debuted in public alongside the royal in January this year. While their involvement is relatively new, she was already well-known within the Phillips family. She went to school with Zara Tindall, Mr Phillip's younger sister, at the £40,000-a-year school Gordonstoun in Scotland. READ MORE: Autumn Phillips' diamond wedding tiara she was not allowed to keep Ms Wallace is the daughter of an oil tycoon and was reportedly friends with the royal. According to The Sun, she is a mother of two and separated but not yet divorced from her current husband. A source told the publication her family "pride themselves on being a Christian family who are pillars of their local community". They added that Ms Wallace "really cherishes her friendship with Zara". Mr Phillips has introduced his new partner to the Queen, reports from earlier this year suggest. In January, several publications suggested that he had brought Ms Wallace to meet the monarch after a shooting party held at Windsor. Sources added that the event appeared to welcome her as part of the extended family. Speaking to the Sun, one said the "very warm meeting" had "clearly delighted" the Queen. They added that, while it may be "early days", Mr Phillips "wanted his grandmother to see he was happy". The source also said that it was a "clear sign" Ms Wallace had been "welcomed into The Firm". Mr Phillip's partner has spent the last few months getting to know his family, with appearances at other notable events. A spokesman for the royal confirmed last year that she attended the christening of Zara and Mike Tindall's son. The Windsor service, held at the Royal Chapel of All Saints on Royal Lodge grounds, was attended by other senior royal figures. The Queen was also there, despite fears her health may prevent her arrival. Since their divorce last year, Mr Phillip's ex-wife Autumn has also appeared with new partner Donal Mulryan, the founder of UK-based construction firm Rockwell.