Chancellor Rishi Sunak told MPs in the House of Commons that "today’s statement builds a stronger, more secure economy for the United Kingdom". Mr Sunak outlined how the Government will look to aid individuals who are suffering from financial hardship as a result of the ever troublesome cost of living crisis. The Spring Statement provides Mr Sunak with a second opportunity in the financial year to update Britons on the health of the UK economy and any changes the Treasury will be implementing. During his speech the Chancellor revealed alterations for various taxes such as fuel duty and National Insurance. He said: "Cutting tax is not easy, it requires hard work and the willingness. This Government has been prepared to make those difficult choices. "Taxes are being cut, debt is also falling, spending is increasing. This doesn't happen by accident. We can deliver for the British people because we have a plan." Did you keep up to date with Mr Sunak’s full statement? Did the Chancellor go far enough? Have your say in the comments.  One of the major announcements made by Mr Sunak was that he would be cutting fuel duty by 5p per litre. He said: "For only the second time in 20 years, fuel duty will be cut. Not by one, not by two, but by 5p a litre - the biggest cut to rates forever. "Some have called for the fuel duty cut to last until August. I have decided it will be in place until March next year, a full 12 months. "It's a tax cut this year worth over £5 billion."    Mr Sunak added that he will scrap VAT on energy efficiency measures such as solar panels, heat pumps and insulation installed for five years. He said: "We'll also reverse the EU's decision to take wind and water turbines out of scope - and zero rate them as well. And we'll abolish all the red tape imposed by the EU. A family having a solar panel installed will see tax savings worth over £1,000. And savings on their energy bill of over £300 per year." The Chancellor said the policy will not apply immediately to Northern Ireland due to "deficiencies" in the Northern Ireland Protocol but added support would be offered. The Household support fund will be doubled under Mr Sunak's Spring Statement to £1bn with £500m of funding. Local authorities will receive this money from April. DON'T MISS: 'Beautiful’ 17-month-old girl mauled to death by family dog pictured [NEWS]Prince Harry suffers 'hurt' and 'distress' over 'defamatory' coverage  [INSIGHT]What do today's Budget announcements mean for you? [EXPLAINED] Mr Sunak said: "From July, people will be able to earn £12,570 a year without paying any income tax or National Insurance. "It’s a £6bn personal tax cut for 30 million people in the UK. "It’s worth over £330 a year and is the largest increase in a basic rate threshold – ever."  Mr Sunak has announced that the Employment Allowance for business will increase from £5,000 from next month. The basic rate of income tax will also be cut from 20 to 19p in the pound before end of current parliament in 2024.