GB News host Darren Grimes launched a furious attack against Sir Keir Starmer after he said Prince William “could have gone further” in condemning slavery during a speech in Jamaica. Mr Grimes posted on Twitter: “What does Starmer want Prince William to do? He wasn’t there. It wasn’t him. We’ve moved on.  “It’s interesting that Starmer criticises Will & Kate for a Caribbean tour that ‘harked of the past’, yet the Left are obsessed with talking about Britain’s past as being uniquely evil.” His attack comes after William was attacked for failing to apologise for slavery when he and his wife Kate were met with anti-colonial protests from locals and calls for slavery reparations from the monarchy. The duke addressed the issue of slavery during a speech in Jamaica, denouncing it as "abhorrent" and saying "it should never have happened".  Wading into the row, Sir Keir said: ”He could have gone further," but acknowledged "it's a difficult one". He said: ”I think that he may go further in the future." On LBC radio, Sir Keir added: "William and Kate went on an important trip with important messages, including messages about the changing nature of the Commonwealth going forwards, and that is difficult."   READ MORE: Foreign Office blamed for Kate and William's 'humiliating' tour The Labour leader said it was important for the Commonwealth to modernise to strengthen the bonds with the UK. But he was it was a "bit odd" for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to ride in the back of the same Land Rover that the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh used 60 years ago. He said: ”In a sense what William and Kate were doing - which I applaud - is saying 'we're looking to the future' but that all harked of the past so I didn't quite see how that actually fit that well with the the aim of their trip."  DON'T MISS No living Britons had ANYTHING to do with slavery, says CAROLE MALONE [COMMENT]Prince William forced into awkward photo-op as 'nobody would listen' [INSIGHT]GB News: Expert fears Prince William's Commonwealth speech 'overshadow [OPINION] Ending their trip to Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas at the weekend, the future king acknowledged the monarchy's days in those nations may be numbered as he stated the future "is for the people to decide upon", and that he may not become head of the Commonwealth. In a statement reflecting on the tour, William said who the Commonwealth chooses to be its leader "isn't what is on my mind", but what concerned him was its potential to "create a better future for the people who form it". He stressed that he and his wife Kate were "committed to service" and saw their role as supporting people, "not telling them what to do".  William's comment acknowledging Caribbean nations may seek to become republics recognised a process already in motion as during the tour Jamaica and Belize signalled this is a direction they maybe heading. There has been some speculation the couple were ambushed by Jamaica's prime minister when moments before they sat down to discussions, he suggested his country would look to become a republic.  William and Kate were described as looking uncomfortable at the time but a close aide said he was not aware of any atmosphere afterwards.