Currently under EU rules, passengers are entitled to compensation if their flight is delayed by three hours. They are also entitled to travel compensation if they are denied boarding.  However, the UK Government is considering changing these rules which would see passengers offered compensation based on ticket price and journey length. Airlines would save thousands of pounds under the proposed changes but British travellers would lose out. Compensation for a delayed domestic flight could be slashed from £225 to just £57 if the changes go ahead. Which? Travel editor Rory Boland said: “Ripping up current compensation rules for UK flights would be a huge blow for passenger rights and embolden airlines to act with impunity. READ MORE: Kate carries 'compulsory' outfit for Caribbean tour after 'tragedy'  “Unfair practices such as overbooking and denied boardings could once again become more commonplace if this essential deterrent is removed, leaving passengers out of pocket.” The travel expert said that airlines could be encouraged to overbook flights if the penalty is lowered. Sarah Olney, Liberal Democrat MP for Richmond Park, said: “The consequence of Britain leaving the European Union should not be a tearing up of consumer protections. “If these regulations are removed, airlines would be far more able to cancel flights, and potentially leave passengers stranded without adequate compensation to cover the costs. “I urge the Government to reconsider these proposals, and ensure airlines are mandated to continue providing passengers with the level of compensation they deserve should their flight be disrupted.” Although train compensation is currently offered on a similar system, Which? Travel said it was not a fair comparison. As tourists are likely to have booked accommodation, airport transfers and other activities after a flight, they could stand to lose much more from a delayed flight. A delayed or cancelled flight could leave British tourists to fork out for wasted accommodation fees. Airlines can sometimes overbook flights to make sure each plane is as full as possible even if some people don’t turn up. If too many passengers arrive for the flight, travellers are offered compensation to travel on another plane. Due to the rising cost of fuel, airlines are expected to raise the prices of tickets in the coming months. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is also likely to have an impact on the price of fuel and the length of some flights.