When you start mattress shopping, you’ll soon come to see the number of options is a double-edged sword. On the one hand, you have plenty to choose from, but on the other, analysis paralysis can make it tricky to narrow it down to just one. In order to make this decision process easier, we’ve created a guide with all the aspects you need to consider before you start shopping, as well as an edit of the 14 best mattresses to choose from once you know exactly what you’re looking for. Before you start shopping, there are a few questions you need to ask yourself so you can ensure the mattress you end up buying is the perfect match.  There really is no ‘best’ kind of mattress, because the best for you depends on your personal needs - there’s no one-size-fits-all with mattresses. In order to figure out which kind is best for you, you can take a look at the three main types of mattresses and decipher which one will best suit your needs. Pocket sprung If you like a bouncy bed base, a pocket sprung mattress will be good for you. Also, if you tend to get warm at night, these kinds of mattresses don’t get as hot as memory foam mattresses, and they are good at providing pressure-relieving support. Memory foam Memory foam mattresses soften and mould to your body shape over time, providing a superior level of comfort and support. These kinds of mattresses are ideal for side sleepers and those who suffer from back, neck, shoulder, or hip pain. Hybrid These kinds of mattresses tend to be the most expensive, as they combine spring and memory foam technology for superior, unmatched comfort and support. You’ll be able to enjoy pressure relief from the foam along with the firm feel of a spring mattress, so you get the best of both worlds. Now that you have a clear idea of what you're looking for, we've rounded up the top three mattresses in the UK, as well as the 11 best mattresses for each category in 2022.  Specifications: Sizes available: single, small double, double, king, superking, EU single, EU double, EU queen, kids | Mattress depth: 25cm | Material: Hybrid | Firmness: medium-firm. Reasons to buy: Reasons to avoid: The original Hybrid mattress that put Simba on the map, this is a top-tier hybrid mattress. This five-layered mattress offers a level of comfort you can only dream of while ensuring you are well supported and at a comfortable temperature throughout the night.   Specifications: Sizes available: Single, double, king, super king | Mattress depth: 28cm | Material: Hybrid | Firmness: soft, medium, or firm. Reasons to buy: Reasons to avoid: - Big price tag.  The Elite Mattress from Brook + Wilde is just that - elite. Made up of eight luxurious layers, including a top cover, 2,500 pocket springs and memory foam layers, this dreamy mattress is great for those who suffer from back pain as it is as supportive as it is luxuriously comfortable. Buy: Brook + Wilde (from: £899) Specifications: Sizes available: Single, small double, double, king, superking | Mattress depth: 25cm | Material: Memory foam | Firmness: Medium-firm Reasons to buy: Reasons to avoid:  Memory foam can be a good option for heavy sleepers, as they provide even weight distribution and offer pressure relief. Hybrid mattresses are also a good bet for heavy people, as the combination of spring and foam can offer extra support and comfort. This thick, medium-firm mattress from Nectar will hug the body with three layers of premium foam that provide body support and spinal alignment, while also keeping you cool. Specifications: Sizes available: single, small double, double, kingsize, super kingsize | Mattress depth: 30cm | Material: Pocket-sprung | Firmness: Firm. Reasons to buy: Reasons to avoid: - May be too firm for lighter sleepers.  If you like your mattresses firm and supportive, this pocket-sprung mattress is for you. If you’re constantly being woken up by your partner tossing and turning, the 1,000 individual pocket springs plus 4,000 mini springs will limit these disturbances. Specifications: Sizes available: Single, small double, double, king, superking | Mattress depth: 25cm | Material: Memory foam | Firmness: Medium-firm. Reasons to buy: Reasons to avoid: - Possibly too firm for light sleepers.  Emma reigns supreme when it comes to memory foam mattresses. No one does it better. With the coveted title of the UK’s best-selling mattress, the three layers of pressure-relieving foam and temperature regulating technology make this one a great fit for all body types and sleeping positions. Buy: Emma (From £499) Specifications: Sizes available: Single, small double, double, king, superking | Mattress depth: 24cm | Material: Pocket-sprung| Firmness: Firm. Reasons to buy: Reasons to avoid: - May be too firm for lighter sleepers.  This orthopaedic, hypoallergenic mattress has PostureTech Core Support Springs that distribute weight evenly for body support and pressure relief, so you can hopefully stop waking up with aches and pains. Buy: Mattresses online (From £259.95) Specifications: Sizes available: Single, small double, double, king, superking | Mattress depth: 33cm | Material: Pocket-sprung | Firmness: Soft. Reasons to buy: Reasons to avoid:  Offers gentle support with a plush, softer feel. This is a great option for those who find firm mattresses a little too hard to sleep on. The springs are wrapped in cloth pockets for body support, with a layer of pillow on top for luxurious comfort. Buy: Mattresses Online (From £509.11) Specifications: Sizes available: Single, small double, double, king, superking | Mattress depth: 25cm | Material: Hybrid| Firmness: Medium-firm Reasons to buy: Reasons to avoid:  Hybrid mattresses are best for side sleepers, as offer the support of springs with the flexibility of memory foam, so the mattress can adapt to suit your sleeping style. This hybrid mattress from Emma provides ergonomic support by adapting to your body as you change sleeping positions throughout the night, while also ensuring spinal alignment with its reinforced core zone. Buy: Emma (From £374.50) Specifications: Sizes available: Single, small double, double, king, superking | Mattress depth: 24cm | Material: pocket-sprung. | Firmness: Extra firm Reasons to buy: Reasons to avoid: - May be too firm for lighter sleepers.  Those who suffer from back pain and are frequently waking up in the morning with more aches and pains than they went to sleep with should be looking at firm orthopaedic mattresses, like this one from Silentnight. The Miracoil spring system and Eco Comfort Fibres work together to make a mattress that is extra firm, but still extra comfortable. Buy: Mattresses Online (From £185.14) Specifications: Sizes available: Single, double, king, superking | Mattress depth: 28cm | Material: Hybrid | Firmness: Medium-firm. Reasons to buy: Reasons to avoid: - May be too firm for lighter sleepers.  A supportive mattress is fundamental to waking up refreshed and pain-free, and this mattress from Dreamcloud is unrivalled when it comes to full-body support. The hybrid mattress combines the very best memory foam with ActivEdge™ pocket springs that will support you while you sleep no matter if you sleep on your back, front, or side. Buy: Dreamcloud (From: £999) Specifications: Sizes available: single, small double, double, king, superking, EU single, EU double, EU queen, kids| Mattress depth: 28cm | Material: Hybrid | Firmness: Medium-firm. Reasons to buy: Reasons to avoid: - May not be firm enough for those who need spine support.  One step up from the original Hybrid Mattress, this one is a good option if you’re willing to invest in a high-quality mattress and have around a grand to spend. This mattress has seven expertly engineered layers for enhanced comfort, for a deeper and more restorative sleep. Specifications: Sizes available: Single, double, king, superking | Mattress depth: 28cm | Material: Pocket-spring | Firmness: Medium-firm. Reasons to buy: Reasons to avoid: - Possibly not firm enough for those who need extra support.  If you’ve got about £500 to spend, you’re more likely to find a pocket-spring mattress within your budget than memory foam or hybrid - but you could get lucky with a deal. This Silentnight mattress uses a Mirapocket spring system for tailored support, with each spring reacting independently to the weight and movement of the body for even weight distribution while also keeping the spine aligned. Specifications: Sizes available: Small single, single, small double, double, king, superking | Mattress depth: 20cm | Material: Pocket-spring | Firmness: Medium-firm. Reasons to buy: Reasons to avoid:  We don’t all have hundreds of pounds to drop on a new mattress, and while at first glance it seems like there are only options at that price point, there are a few around the £100 mark. This no-frills spring mattress from Dunelm is perfect for those on a budget, offering support and comfort without breaking the bank. Specifications: Sizes available: single, small double, double, king, superking | Mattress depth: 7cm | Material: Hybrid | Firmness: Medium-firm. Reasons to buy: Reasons to avoid: - Doesn't have the same level of support as a full-size Simba mattress.  If you can't afford a brand new mattress so you're looking to enhance your old one, a mattress topper is a good solution. This topper from Simba uses their world-famous hybrid technology to create this innovative topper that adds a layer of comfort and support to even the most tired of mattresses.  Unless something has happened to damage your mattress, you should only need to replace it roughly every seven years. This is just a general rule of thumb, however, and there are some other indicators to keep an eye out for if you think it might be time to upgrade. These include a dip in sleep quality, finding it hard to share the bed with your partner, noisy springs, and regularly waking up with muscle and joint pain or stiffness. If you’re unsure, medium-firm is a good bet as it suits most people. If you are a heavier person, it is advised to avoid soft mattresses as they are unlikely to provide sufficient support. Similarly, lighter people should steer away from overly firm mattresses as they may cause pain in the hip and shoulders. In order to avoid any annoying, time-consuming mishaps, be sure you measure your bed so you know you’re ordering the right size. With so many different size variations, including ones that sound similar like small double and double, it can be all too easy to order the wrong one. The price of mattresses vary greatly depending on what it is you’re looking for and the size you’re after. If you’re looking for a top-tier super king mattress, you could be looking at well over £1,000, but if you’re only looking for a smaller, budget-friendly mattress you can find some with lesser quality for around the £100 mark. There are frequently deals running for many of the UK’s top mattress brands, the best of which we highlighted below - so be sure to keep your eyes peeled for a sale if you’re on the market. While a few years ago the best way to buy a mattress would have been to head in-store, lie on top of a few mattresses and decide which one feels best - the evolution of online shopping has made this process far easier. While it may seem like more of a risk to buy a mattress you've never tested out before, it really isn't. With the extra-long sleep trials most brands offer these days, you'll be able to test your new mattress for up to a year before you decide if it's the right one. Many brands also offer free mattress disposal of your old mattress, so there's one less thing to worry about. Shopping online also makes it far easier to compare the prices and features of different mattresses, so you can be sure you find the best possible deal. 