Two of the long range, subsonic bombers roared into the air from a runway at RAF Fairford flying a mission over south west England and Wales. The US Air Force (USAF) confirmed previously that B-52’s were operating over Europe to integrate with NATO Allies over Europe as part of the Bomber Task Force Europe. Video footage shot on March 10 shows the iconic aircraft taxiing before opening the throttle and soaring into the air. Enthusiasts flocked to the base to catch a glimpse of the planes which form part of 69th Expeditionary Bomb Squadron. Sometimes referred to as a BUFF (Big Ugly Fat Fella), the USAF bomber is one of the oldest models in service. Its official name takes the letter B from bomber and combines it with the date of its first flight in 1952.  Boeing's website states that the jet mainly provides the United States with immediate nuclear and conventional global strike capability. The bomber is capable of flying at high subsonic speeds at altitudes of up to 50,000 feet (15,166.6 meters), according to the USAF. It adds: "The B-52 is the most combat capable bomber in the US inventory. Due to its high mission-capable rate, large payload, long range, persistence and ability to employ both nuclear and conventional precision standoff weapons, the B-52 continues to be a critical contributor to the U.S. National Security Strategy." Four of the bombers are currently based at RAF Fairford with the Cotswold airfield being one of the United States Air Force's few UK airbases. RAF Fairford was used during the 2003 Iraq War and the first Gulf War in 1991. GloucestershireLive reports that it is the US Air Force’s only European airfield for heavy bombers.  READ MORE ABOUT A LIST OF 'PROBABLE' UK NUCLEAR TARGETS During Desert Storm, B-52s delivered 40 percent of all the weapons dropped by coalition forces, according to the USAF. The posting of the bombers to Gloucestershire comes amid heightened tensions in Europe with Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba called on the West on Monday to supply Ukraine with weapons and apply more sanctions on Russia to help prevent other countries being dragged into a wider conflict. Kyiv has repeatedly urged its allies to do more to help it resist the Russian invasion which is now in its third week.  DON'T MISS: Britain to turn white as 4 inches of snow bomb to hit by next week [LATEST] Meghan Markle warned by Royal chef she would have to pay for her meal [REVEALED] Ukraine war: Drone carrying bomb crashes into Croatian capital [REPORT] Some Western governments fear that doing so could pull other countries, including Nato member states, into the war. Mr Kuleba wrote on Twitter: "To those abroad scared of being `dragged into [World War III]. Ukraine fights back successfully. We need you to help us fight. Provide us with all necessary weapons. "Apply more sanctions on Russia and isolate it fully. Help Ukraine force Putin into failure and you will avert a larger war." Ukraine has reported renewed air strikes on an airport in the west, heavy shelling on Chernihiv northeast of the capital and attacks on the southern town of Mykolayiv, where officials said nine people were killed.  Several unnamed US officials have been cited in the Financial Times and Washington Post as saying that Russia asked China for military equipment after its invasion, which began on February 24. Russian missiles hit a large Ukrainian base near the border with NATO member Poland on Sunday, killing 35 people and wounding 134, according to a local official. Russia's defence ministry said the air strike destroyed a large amount of weapons supplied by foreign nations that were being stored at the sprawling training facility and that it had killed "up to 180 foreign mercenaries". Express.co.uk has been unable to verify the figures provided by either side.  The attack on the Yavoriv International Centre for Peacekeeping and Security, a base just 15 miles (25 km) from the Polish border brought the conflict to the doorstep of the Western defence alliance. Britain said the incident marked a "significant escalation" in the conflict. White House national security adviser Jake Sullivan, speaking on CBS's "Face the Nation", said any attack on Nato territory would trigger a full response by the alliance. 