Arsenal ace William Saliba has opened the door to remaining at Marseille following his loan spell. The outspoken defender has frequently aired his frustrations over his Gunners career and has spoken once again on his future. The North Londoners signed Saliba for around £30million in the summer of 2019. Unai Emery was manager at the time but he was replaced by Mikel Arteta only a few months later. Arteta has not appeared completely convinced by Saliba’s ability, with the Frenchman remarkably yet to play a competitive first team game for Arsenal. The 20-year-old has instead enjoyed temporary stays at Saint-Etienne, Nice and Marseille. Saliba’s most recent loan has been successful. He has been excellent for the Ligue 1 club and his form earned him a first senior France call-up this week. JUST IN: Man Utd learn staggering fee it will take to sign Declan Rice  He now finds himself in a strange position where he could make his France debut before his Arsenal bow. Didier Deschamps’ side face Ivory Coast and South Africa next week. And Saliba has suggested that he could complete a permanent return to France. He admits, though, that he will not be the only person who decides his future. “I’ve never hidden the fact that I feel good here. I don’t know what my future holds, there’s still two months to go,” he told French outlet RMC Sport. "The most important thing is to qualify for the Champions League and go as far as possible in the Conference League.” DON'T MISS...Gary Neville fires Man City warning to Man Utd after Varane transferGuardiola drops Haaland to Man City hint and hails Man Utd targetPremier League final table if games ended after 80 minutes He added: “I think discussions will take place afterwards, at the end of May to early June, between Arsenal and Marseille – we’ll decide at that point. But staying on here would definitely not be a bad idea, on the contrary, I know the city, my teammates, my manager. But it doesn’t depend on me.” While on loan at Nice last year, Saliba hit out at Arteta for apparently judging the then-teenager after ‘two and a half matches. Saliba had played a couple of pre-season friendlies before being loaned to France. "He [Arteta] judged me on two and a half matches. I would have liked for him to play me more. But he told me I wasn't ready,” Saliba said. “I was waiting for him to give me a chance, but football is like that. I am happy now. I want to play for Nice." Arteta was recently coy about Saliba’s future, telling journalists earlier in March: “Well, first of all, we made together the decision for him to go on loan. And now he is getting those chances in a really competitive league and he is doing really well. “The pathway we set, even if people again, like many other cases we have here, cannot understand, we believe that it was the right thing for him to do it to develop into the player that we want in the moment we want and need that player.”  