The price cap, which was introduced back in 2019, sets a limit on the maximum amount suppliers can charge for each unit of gas and electric used. It is reviewed every six months, with the cap rising by 54 percent tomorrow. With many people looking for ways to cut down their energy usage, one expert has shared how to be mindful of energy when it comes to cooking. Mark Smithson, CEO of nationwide electrical appliance experts, Marks Electrical, told Express.co.uk: “With energy bills continuing to rise, our kitchen appliances can be one of the easiest places to cut down on costs. “Knowing how to read energy labels, ensuring the appliances you’re using are the right size and being mindful of how we use our appliances are all hugely important in cutting down on costs.” When it comes to cooking, many may be worried about how much energy it takes to heat the oven, especially if on for a long time. According to Mark, there are “simple” ways to save energy when cooking that don’t affect the quality of the meal. READ MORE: Check your boiler is working efficiently ahead of energy price rise The expert said: “If you’re reheating food, we recommend using a microwave. “Unlike ovens, microwaves only heat your food and not the air-space inside, thus less energy. “If you’re cooking pasta or rice, only use as much water as you need, boiling extra takes more time and energy. “Buying an ECO kettle that only boils the amount of water required can use 20 percent less energy than a conventional electric kettle. DON'T MISS:Presenting a ’stylish’ and ‘functional home’ can increase value by 20% [COMMENT]Weather Dave warns not to plant tenders before the end of May [VIDEO]Prepare the grass for ‘healthy growth’ now by weeding and aerating [EXPLAINER] “Or just avoid overfilling and save yourself £8 a year on your electricity bill.” If moving home or looking to renovate the kitchen, investing in a boiling water tap can save households a “considerable amount of money”, according to Quooker. Mark added: “Additionally, always cover your pots and pans with a lid to encourage water to boil more quickly and turn off the heat a couple of minutes before your food is fully cooked, particularly if you’ve got an electric hob as they take some time to cool down and will continue to cook your food once switched off.” Uswitch said a standard oven generally costs around 18p per hour of use. Since ovens are usually on for a longer period of time than a microwave, the amount of money it costs per use is very similar. However, Uswitch said a microwave is more energy efficient, meaning it is generally better to use instead. Households can save further money by switching off microwaves at the plug after use. According to Energy Saving Trust, microwaves are one of the appliances found in households which “eat up electricity” when left on standby. Mark also recommended turning off appliances at the switch. He said: “Leaving your appliances on standby can have many hidden costs, with the average UK household spending £40 a year powering appliances left on standby, according to Energy Saving Trust. “You may not be able to turn all of your appliances off completely, for example your fridge or freezer, however dishwashers, microwaves and toasters can all be switched off at the plug to save money and energy.” Being mindful of water usage as well as investing in energy efficient appliances can also help Britons save money on their bills.