Queues of people trying to get to work can be seen lining the tube station as the Jubilee Line is suspended between North Greenwich and London Bridge. There are reportedly minor delays on the rest of the line but tickets will be accepted on local bus services. It's not yet known when the train will be fixed and the line will be reopened. One frustrated commuter wrote: "Second day back in the office and Jubilee line is suspended.” Another wrote: “Jubilee line, all i ask for is one simple morning" alongside a photo of the queues inside the station. Travellers are told to take local bus services instead. The Transport for London website issued a warning this morning telling travellers to expect minor delays but this has now been updated to severe delays. The warning reads: "Jubilee Line: Severe delays due to an earlier faulty train. Tickets will be accepted on local bus services, the Docklands Light Railway, Southeastern and Thameslink." READ MORE: Major train disruption expected until the end of the day  The Transport for London website noted, "an earlier faulty train" at the Canary Wharf station which is causing the severe delays. One aggravated commuter tweeted: "Another day, another rubbish service on the Jubilee line. Seems to be the permanent par for the course, post lockdowns. Err hello, you want us back, provide a decent product." Further delays can also be seen on the Overground between Surrey Quays and New Cross where there is currently no service running, again because of a broken down train at Shoreditch High Street. The Circle Line is also experiencing minor delays due to train cancellations. DON'T MISS: 'More measures' needed to protect taxis amid calls for vehicle ban [INSIGHT] TFL plans to speed up London buses by not stopping at bus stops [COMMENT]New device combats EV pollution - 'catalytic converter for tyre wear' [ANALYSIS   There is also reportedly no service between Moorgate and Kennington on the Northern Line. TfL also warned of minor delays on the Victoria Line caused by an earlier fire alert at Brixton. However, the mainline railway station at Victoria remains open. 