In less than two weeks, the use of rebated diesel, or red diesel, as well as rebated biofuels will be restricted for uses in most industries. Red diesel is standard diesel which has been blended with red dye to mark its lower fuel tax duty required to pay on it. Clive Holland, television and radio presenter and spokesperson for Fix Radio, highlighted the massive impact the ban will have on countless sectors across the country. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “They haven't discussed it [the change] with people on the front line. “If there was someone in Government who could turn to other ministers who knew what the industry was like, but there isn't. “To actually change systems of motors to either electric or having to scrap the existing vehicles they’ve got or switch it to biofuels, that isn’t easy. READ MORE: Britons urged to ban cars on Sundays to reduce petrol and diesel costs “It will take time and it’s not cheap.” Red diesel tends to be used for powering agricultural vehicles and machinery, fishing vessels, construction and forestry machinery. With the red diesel ban, operating costs for the construction sector are expected to rise by around 15 percent. CPS Fuels found the switch from red to white diesel alone will bring an additional expense of 46.81 pence per litre used, resulting in five times as much duty rate as before. DON'T MISSNew diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ [SHOCKING]Millions of drivers risk jail and fines for Six Nations drink driving [WARNING]All new homes will be required to install an electric car charger [INSIGHT] Businesses have also written to Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng, appealing for them to delay the ban. Despite widespread opposition to the rebate, the Government has not indicated that a 12-month delay is likely to occur for red diesel. Mr Holland added: “We’ve also got this situation where the construction industry has had big problems getting materials into the country. “We've had price hikes in timber for instance, even up to 80 percent at one stage. “All the time, this is extra stress, because the person on the front line is going to have to go to their client and say ‘I’m sorry but that quote I gave you a couple of weeks ago, now doesn’t stand’. “These are all tiny little stresses and strains that push them over the edge.” Abena Oppong-Asare, Shadow Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury, has backed calls to rethink and potentially delay the red diesel rebate. The Labour MP for Erith and Thamesmead wrote to Treasury exchequer secretary Helen Whately, saying: “Labour support efforts to encourage the transition away from diesel and towards cleaner fuels and electric vehicles and machinery in industry. “We recognise that changing the entitlement to use red diesel is an important part of that. “Businesses in a number of sectors - including construction, manufacturing, recycling, and waste management - have raised concerns about the impact of removing these entitlements at this time. “In particular there are concerns that small and medium businesses will find this upcoming tax increase especially difficult. “The changes to red diesel entitlements come as many businesses are still recovering from the impact of the Covid pandemic and as employers face higher national insurance contributions from April. “In light of this new economic situation, I am writing to ask that HM Treasury reviews the impact assessment undertaken on this policy to ensure it meets its environmental objectives whilst at the same time protecting small and medium businesses.”