The Queen, 95, was one of just 30 guests permitted to mourn at the funeral of Prince Philip last year during England's third Covid lockdown. Now almost a year on, a special memorial service is being held for the late Duke of Edinburgh at Westminster Abbey. The Queen will undoubtedly wish to pay her respects to her late husband of more than seven decades, but there have been concerns in recent weeks about whether the Queen will attend after cancelling a string of engagements in recent months. Last October, the Queen spent a night in the hospital and subsequently cancelled her appearances at several high-profile events for health reasons. In November, Prince Charles led the royal contingent at the COP26 climate summit in Glasgow on his mother's behalf, and the Queen had to withdraw her attendance at the Cenotaph service on Remembrance Sunday due to a back sprain. In February the Queen tested positive for COVID-19, but in the weeks since she has made several virtual appearances and some face-to-face meetings at her primary residence of Windsor Castle. But concerns for the monarch's health were renewed last week when it was announced the Queen would not be attending the Commonwealth Day Service at Westminster Abbey with the rest of the Royal Family.  READ MORE: Princess Charlene health: Expert’s blunt response to Monaco’s royals On Tuesday, March 29, several members of the Royal Family are expected to attend the Service of Thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip at the Abbey. The Queen's attendance at the event is not yet certain, but according to the Sun, she is determined to make an appearance. To ensure her attendance, plans for her visit could involve a short helicopter trip to Buckingham Palace from Windsor Castle. A source told the publication: “Everything is being looked at to make sure the Queen makes it to Philip’s service.  "But the most important thing is to make sure she is comfortable." Recently there has been significant speculation among royal commentators about the Queen's attendance at the Abbey service. Speaking on True Royalty TV, the Daily Mirror's royal editor Russell Myers told The Royal Beat: "You have to be realistic. [She is] just weeks away from 96, she has accepted her own limitations. "She's having issues moving around, [and is] described by people at the Palace as having good days and less good days…"  DON'T MISS:Prince Harry and Meghan Markle break with pledge made to Queen [INSIGHT]Royal LIVE: 'Military style operation' to get Queen to Philip memorial [LIVE]Queen ‘pacing her diary’ as health fears to stop ‘committed’ monarch [ANALYSIS] He added: "I don't think we'll ever see her step back, but we probably will see her less and less. "Will she make Prince Philip's memorial service in a few days? That's in the balance." Another royal expert said no one would "begrudge" the Queen if she decides not to attend the service. Royal reporter and author Phil Dampier told the Telegraph: “It’s quite simple, really. She’s finding it extremely difficult to walk or stand for long periods. “She will make a huge effort to attend the Prince Philip memorial, but they will have to make allowances for her – and no one will begrudge it. She’s nearly 96.” 