Jolanta Marczyk drove across Europe to collect eight-month-old dachshund Brandy from the city of Lviv as Russia's brutal invasion continues. But just two days after returning to Britain, the helpless puppy was taken from the Great Ormond Street Hospital admin worker's car in Grays, Essex. The shocking moment two thieves pinched Brandy and ran away with her was caught on camera. The little dog managed to escape but suffered multiple skull fractures and a broken nose. It is thought Brandy may have been hit by a car after breaking free from the cruel thieves. Ms Marczyk has been left with eye-watering vets bills of more than £3,000 for CT scans and surgery. The 23-year-old said: "I'm absolutely devastated and just praying Brandy pulls through. What sort of people do this?" Ms Marczyk picked up Brandy from the Ukraine border when she was visiting her mum in Krakow, Poland. She said: "I knew the family in Lviv as I had rescued another dog from them last year. But this was different. "The owners were desperately worried about the war and knew Brandy would be safe with me if I rescued her. Of course I agreed. "They are a large family and obviously extremely concerned about what's happening to their country. "I got back to the UK and just two days later this happens." READ MORE: Dog walker left covered in blood after attack from pup thieves Ms Marczyk's neighbour Aneta Wasilewska witnessed the shocking incident and set up a GoFundMe page to raise money for vets bill. Ms Wasilewska said: "I witnessed something I didn't want to believe at first it has actually happened. "Two very horrible people broke onto the car and took her away "Fortunately Brandy managed to escape and run onto the streets. The dog was terrified. "We all tried to look for her that night but there was no sign of either the dog or people who took her. DON'T MISSCalls for cats to be included in pet theft crackdown 'Part of family!' [ANALYSIS]'Makes my blood boil' Kay Burley fumes over dog theft documentary [VIDEO]Rescue dog who hid in kennel staring at wall now unrecognisable [PICTURES] "The dog taken to the vet hospital in Basildon. It was Brandy, she is alive but we assume she got hit by the car. "She has broken nose and had CT scan done this evening, she can't properly breathe. "Brandy had another surgery not that long time and its still recovering. We hope she will make it, in my eyes she is a fighter." Police are investigating the vile theft last Thursday. An Essex Police spokesperson said: "We are investigating the theft of a dog from a car in West Street, Grays, which was reported to us shortly after 6.20pm on Thursday, March 24. "It is reported that three people forced their way into a vehicle and took a dachshund dog. "We understand the dog has thankfully been located however our enquiries into the incident continue. "We need anyone who saw anything or has any CCTV, doorbell dash cam footage to contact us."