Manchester United targeting Carlo Ancelotti as their next permanent manager if they can't lure Mauricio Pochettino away from PSG would be pointless, according to Steve McManaman. United's process of appointing a new manager this summer is ongoing, and Ancelotti is in the frame. Reports claim club icon Sir Alex Ferguson has recommended the decision-makers consider the Real Madrid boss on a short-term deal. The Scotsman is a huge admirer of Pochettino but wants United to target Ancelotti if he remains at PSG next season. However, United are looking to make a long-term appointment in July, with Pochettino joining Erik ten Hag on a five-man shortlist. With Ancelotti aged 62, it's difficult to see him spearheading a revolution over the next decade, which is what the Red Devils will be visualising under their next manager. JUST IN: Everton risking points deduction as worries over club's future grow And McManaman has stressed that Ancelotti would be the wrong choice, suggesting United need 'long-term stability'. He told HorseRacing.net: "That wouldn't be a good appointment for Manchester United. I don't see the point of it. "United need stability at the minute. They need to plan and pick a good manager, give him time, and back him to a certain extent in what he wants to do with the players. "If he wants to get rid of players, he needs to be backed. But they need some stability, and they need it long-term. READ MORE: 5 things we learned as Liverpool survive scare despite Inter defeat "I don't know what's going to happen with Carlo at Real Madrid. It looks like he's going to win the league, so I'd be surprised if they get rid of him. A lot of it will depend on what happens in the Champions League." McManaman also described United's manager search as a 'shambles' and tipped Pochettino for the job. He added: "I think he [Pochettino] would strengthen Manchester United, but anybody would at the moment. I don't mean that disrespectfully. They're all over the place. "They need to appoint 'A Manager' – and I'm not saying it's Pochettino – and give them a little bit of strength and a little bit of stability. "I feel sorry for Rangnick coming in because with this 'interim appointment' until the end of the season and then him going upstairs, there are so many uncertainties that they've weakened his case as a manager. "The way it's been handled has been shambolic. If it were Poch, if it were Erik ten Hag, it would strengthen Manchester United's case the way they are. "It's just been a mess, really, and very unbecoming of them. I think they'll be better regardless. "Pochettino is a great manager. He'd suit Manchester United down to the ground. And then he could probably aim for Real Madrid later down the line." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.