Chelsea are willing to discuss the summer sale of Timo Werner to Borussia Dortmund, according to reports. The German has struggled in front of goal since switching the Bundesliga for the Premier League almost two seasons ago, and he may soon be offered a route back to familiar territory. Despite arriving under the weight of grand expectations, Werner hit just six Premier League goals in his first season at Stamford Bridge. He was effectively punished in the summer transfer market as a result, with the Blues splashing out a club record £98million on Romelu Lukaku. The Belgian is currently in the midst of his own struggles, but Werner has still found opportunities hard to come by, with just one league goal to his name this term. Manager Thomas Tuchel claims that the strikers' difficulties are not down to his tactical set-up, although some would say that the numbers tell a different story. JUST IN: Man Utd backed to axe Harry Maguire in summer with two stars ready to step up - EXCLUSIVE  Having notched 95 goals in 159 games for RB Leipzig, Werner's strike-rate has well and truly dried up and he now finds himself in a peripheral role in west London. His goal-scoring prowess will still be relatively fresh in the memory of Bundesliga fans, however, with his pace and tireless work rate commanding a £47.5m transfer fee less than two years ago. According to Sky Germany, Dortmund are weighing up an offer that could call time on Werner's Chelsea frustration. The Blues are not believed to be intent on cashing in, but they are supposedly 'ready to talk' if a tempting offer arrives. DON'T MISS...Tottenham flop Bryan Gil lifts lid on reasons for disappointing spellDonny van de Beek explains view on proving Man Utd ‘wrong’ at EvertonJoao Felix spotted at Carabao Cup final amid Arsenal transfer rumours Some compromises may have to be involved in the deal though, with Werner pocketing huge wages at Stamford Bridge and a younger alternative in Karim Adeyemi already on the market. Dortmund are virtually certain to pursue a new marquee striker, with Erling Haaland poised to play a starring role in the summer transfer market when his £62m release clause becomes active. If BVB pursue Werner and the Blues cut their losses on Lukaku, they could even throw their hats into the ring for Haaland, although the rest of Europe's big hitters are sure to be right there with them. Comings and goings can both be benched until the summer, however, as Russia's invasion of Ukraine has landed the west London club with more pressing matters to attend to. Owner Roman Abramovich, who bought a controlling stake in 2003, is reportedly attempting to sell the club as the threat of sanctions loom large. Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss claims that he has already been offered the chance to take it off his hands, with Abramovich attempting to offload his UK-based assets in a state of 'panic'. "I and three other people received an offer on Tuesday to buy Chelsea from Abramovich," Wyss told Blick. "I have to wait four to five days now. Abramovich is currently asking far too much."