The Duke of York, 62, played a central role at the memorial service for his late father on Tuesday, as he helped the Queen both enter and exit Westminster Abbey. The monarch, who is said to be suffering from mobility issues, held onto her second son’s elbow with her left hand and clutched a walking stick in her right as they walked towards her seat. Commentator Dan Wootton reacted to the Duke of York’s prominent role at the ceremony in a column he penned for the Daily Mail. He claimed William and Charles should have “intervened” as in the aftermath of the service, “the knives are out for Andrew”. Mr Wootton writes that a royal source said: “Prince Charles and William were not happy with the arrangements. William in particular did not think it should happen and Charles thought they needed to protect Andrew from himself.  But they both accepted it was the Queen's decision to make. “Now, though, after the last 24 hours of negative headlines, the knives are out for Andrew in a way you can't believe, especially among the men in grey suits at the Palace.” Mr Wootton claimed that her son and grandson could have stepped in, as “Charles and William have proven that when they stage a genuine intervention with the Queen – and do so with some purpose – she will listen”. He said the pair are likely to have had a hand in seeing Andrew step down from royal duties following his disastrous Newsnight interview, and that the monarch should heed their advice once more. He went on to add that any action taken by the father and son must be imminent in order to protect the Queen. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice broke royal tradition with outfit at Philip memorial The commentator wrote: “The time has come for Prince Charles - who is in many ways already starting to implement his vision of a slimmed-down monarchy - and Prince William to play the role of enforcers when it comes to Andrew before he does the Queen any more damage.” Andrew was front and centre at the high-profile occasion on Tuesday, despite paying millions earlier this month to settle a civil sexual assault case brought against him in the US, a claim which he denies. The event marked his first public appearance since the settlement with his accuser Virginia Giuffre. DON'T MISS Prince Andrew 'hiding behind his mother's skirt' Parry erupts [REVEAL] Queen grants rare 'royal' title to beloved association [INSIGHT] Prince Philip's ex-bodyguard slams Harry's 'strange' memorial snub [REPORT] She was joined in the front row with her two eldest children Charles and Princess Anne, and their respective partners, while Andrew sat across the aisle with his brother Edward, and his family – his wife Sophie, and their two children Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. Andrew’s appearance has received mixed reactions – some claim the appearance sees him being welcomed back into the royal helm, while others condemn his actions. Former BBC royal correspondent Peter Hunt said the "downside" of Andrew having such a prominent role is that it is a reminder of his "many errors of judgment that have led him to being removed from public life". Mr Hunt tweeted that having Andrew carry out his role was a sign of the Queen "endorsing" him. While The Daily Telegraph's Camilla Tominey said his pivotal role may be "a display of a mother's love for her second son" and a chance for the Duke "to restore his reputation in the guise of helpful plus one". Royal commentator Robert Jobson, who has written multiple biographies on Prince Philip, told People that the Queen being accompanied by Andrew "shows she wholeheartedly loves and believes her son”. He added: “She has faith in Andrew. Even if he disappears from public life, he's been able to pay tribute to his father."He also noted that there was disquiet over the Queen's decision to enter with Andrew, but she reportedly "insisted." The duo were last pictured together at Prince Philip's funeral in April 2021. Andrew and the monarch were among the 30 guests who attended the service which saw only a small group of mourners being permitted to gather due to Covid restrictions in place at the time.