Nigella Lawson has undertaken a weight loss transformation in recent years, having lost an impressive two stone. She also dropped three dress sizes. Which diet plan did she follow to reach her goal? In recent years, Nigella has been very open about her weight loss in public. She has revealed that she has lost three dress sizes, going from a size 16 to a size 12. The 62-year-old lost weight steadily, shedding two stone over two years. A steady weight loss journey can help dieters maintain their target weight. READ MORE: Prince Harry's 'change of diet' is 'indicative of Meghan’s influence' But what did Nigella do to reach her goal? The chef lost weight through a combination of exercise and diet. She practiced yoga, which can be greatly beneficial for the mind, as well as the body. As for her diet, Nigella focused on reducing her portion sizes, putting her body into a calorie deficit. DON'T MISS: Nutritionist shares diet plan that’s ‘really good for weight loss’ [EXCLUSIVE]Weight loss and mental health: 7 steps to help you 'lose weight' [GUIDE]Weight loss: Woman shed 1.5st in just 12 weeks - diet & exercise plan [PICTURES] Reaching a calorie deficit, which is when the body burns more calories than it consumes, is a popular and effective way to lose weight. But for Nigella, it is all about enjoying what she does, making her exercise and diet regimes more consistent. “I do yoga three times a week. I have to do something I enjoy, otherwise I wouldn’t do it,” the food expert told Good Housekeeping in an interview. She continued: “The older I get the more I realise I have got to do lots of stretching. So even if I’m not doing yoga, I make myself do lots of stretching. “As you get on in life, you value feeling well as opposed to looking well. “Yoga certainly makes you feel great, and you want to carry on feeling great.” Yoga has not only been proven to improve one’s mood, it can also help burn abdominal fat. This fat is one of the most “dangerous” areas of the body, according to nutrition expert Dr Michael Mosley. Therefore, it is recommended that slimmers try to reduce this fat by doing what they enjoy, like Nigella. As for her daily meal plan, Nigella reportedly eats a balanced diet including plenty of greens, such as kale and avocado. However, she isn’t afraid to treat herself and is not strict with her diet – choosing to eat what she wants but ensuring to control her portion sizes. The chef told Good Housekeeping: “No one should be put on this earth to go on a diet! No one should eat themselves ill either.”