Manchester United saw their hopes of qualifying for the Champions League dealt another blow on Sunday. Manchester City beat them 2-1 at the Etihad Stadium, with Kevin De Bruyne and Riyad Mahrez both at the double. And that victory has now boosted Pep Guardiola’s chances of winning the Premier League title yet again. United and City played out an entertaining clash at the Etihad Stadium. Yet it was the home side who were able to reign supreme, with Guardiola’s team taking another step towards title glory in the process. De Bruyne put City ahead in the fifth minute, tapping in from close range with the ball going through Harry Maguire’s legs. Jadon Sancho then drew United level, with the England international curling home on a day where he was booed by the Etihad crowd. Yet De Bruyne found the net again in the 28th minute, with Riyad Mahrez then adding a brace of his own to give City all three points and derby bragging rights. Express Sport will now take a look at four things we learned from the showdown at the Etihad. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Once again, Harry Maguire had a difficult day at the office. The England international was unleashed from the start for the match at the Etihad, having previously failed to make the starting XI for last weekend’s match with Watford. Maguire sloppily allowed City to score their first goal with the ball going through his legs. And he was too slow to react for De Bruyne’s second, with the ball going through his legs again in the build-up. He could arguably have stopped Mahrez’s goal, too, with the ball deflecting off him on the way in. With Raphael Varane now out with Covid, United need Maguire to improve - fast - if they’re to somehow qualify for next season’s Champions League. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message It has, for large periods, been a difficult first season back in English football for Sancho. However, the England international has now finally arrived. The former Borussia Dortmund star is improving with each passing game and he was brilliant against City on a day where he was booed and jeered by the Etihad crowd. He took his goal superbly, getting the better of Kyle Walker and curling an unstoppable curler past Ederson. Sancho is now undroppable in this side and United’s £73million investment is starting to look like money well spent. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here One of the biggest modern-day football debates is who is better: Bruno Fernandes or Kevin De Bruyne? While Fernandes has done well for United, however, De Bruyne was able to settle the debate with an electric showing. It wasn’t just his goals that made the Belgium international stand out. De Bruyne was a menacing threat throughout the whole showdown and was at the heart of everything good about City’s display. Chelsea’s decision to let him go all those years ago continues to backfire, with the 30-year-old vital to City’s hopes of Premier League title glory. Before kick-off, it emerged that Cristiano Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani wouldn’t be fit for the derby match. And many expected Marcus Rashford to get the nod up top in the absence of the experienced pair. However, Rangnick then left the 24-year-old on the bench. That seems to speak volumes about Rashford’s current status with the England international struggling to get into the team even when the likes of Cavani and Ronaldo aren’t options. He’s going through the toughest spell of his career at present and whether he can respond remains to be seen.