Jailed Kremlin critic Alexei Navalny has called on Russians to stage daily protests against Moscow's military campaign in Ukraine, his spokesperson wrote on Twitter on Wednesday. "Alexei Navalny has called for people to go out and protest against the war every day at 7pm and on weekends at 2pm. The main squares of your towns, wherever you are," spokesperson Kira Yarmysh wrote. Mr Navalny's movement had previously called for a campaign of civil disobedience to protest against Russia's invasion of its neighbour. Mr Navalny, the most prominent opponent of President Vladimir Putin, was jailed last year after he returned to Russia from Germany following his recovery from what Western laboratory tests established was an attempt to poison him with a nerve agent in Siberia. Russia denied carrying out such an attack. Since then, authorities have clamped down even more tightly on his movement, and key figures have fled into exile after being designated by the authorities as "foreign agents". A plea from Mr Navalny's Twitter account also read this morning: "We - Russia - want to be a nation of peace. Alas, few people would call us that now. "But let's at least not become a nation of frightened silent people. Of cowards who pretend not to notice the aggressive war against Ukraine unleashed by our obviously insane czar. "I cannot, do not want and will not remain silent watching how pseudo-historical nonsense about the events of 100 years ago has become an excuse for Russians to kill Ukrainians, and for Ukrainians to kill Russians while defending themselves. "It's the third decade of the 21st century, and we are watching news about people burning down in tanks and bombed houses. We are watching real threats to start a nuclear war on our TVs. "I am from the USSR myself. I was born there. And the main phrase from there - from my childhood - was "fight for peace." I call on everyone to take to the streets and fight for peace." They continued: "Putin is not Russia. And if there is anything in Russia right now that you can be most proud of, it is those 6824 people who were detained because - without any call - they took to the streets with placards saying 'No War'. READ MORE: Putin nuclear warning as Russian leader tipped to drop bomb near UK "They say that someone who cannot attend a rally and does not risk being arrested for it cannot call for it. I'm already in prison, so I think I can. "We cannot wait any longer. Wherever you are, in Russia, Belarus or on the other side of the planet, go to the main square of your city every weekday and at 2 pm on weekends and holidays. "If you are abroad, come to the Russian embassy. If you can organise a demonstration, do so on the weekend. Yes, maybe only a few people will take to the streets on the first day. And in the second - even less. "But we must, gritting our teeth and overcoming fear, come out and demand an end to the war. Each arrested person must be replaced by two newcomers. "If in order to stop the war we have to fill prisons and paddy wagons with ourselves, we will fill prisons and paddy wagons with ourselves. "Everything has a price, and now, in the spring of 2022, we must pay this price. There's no one to do it for us. Let's not 'be against the war'. Let's fight against the war." DON'T MISS:‘God help us!’ Kamala Harris mocked over ridiculous oversimplification [INSIGHT]Russian soldier sobs humiliated by Ukrainians in video [WATCH]Lukashenko plans Moldova invasion as Belarus President releases plans [ANALYSIS] Russia said it had sent delegates for a second round of peace talks in Belarus near the border, but Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said Russia needed to stop bombing if it wanted to negotiate peace. Moscow said on Wednesday it had captured Kherson, a provincial capital of around a quarter of a million people on the southern front, but Ukraine disputed the claim. The regional governor had said overnight that it was surrounded, under fire, and Russian troops were looting shops and pharmacies. On Wednesday an adviser to Zelenskiy said street fighting was going on in the port, which sits at the Dnepr river's exit into the Black Sea. "The city has not fallen, our side continues to defend," said the adviser, Oleksiy Arestovych. Also in the south, Russia is putting intense pressure on the port of Mariupol, which it says it has surrounded in a ring around the entire coast of the Sea of Azov. The city's mayor said Mariupol had been under intense shelling since late Tuesday and was unable to evacuate its wounded. But on the other two main fronts in the east and north, Russia so far has little to show for its advance, with Ukraine's two biggest cities, Kyiv and Kharkiv, holding out in the face of increasingly intense bombardment.