Piers Morgan, 56, shut down those who say he criticises Meghan Markle so often because he “must fancy her”, or because he is “racist, sexist” and his comments are “damaging to her mental health”. Piers took his rage to Twitter on Sunday afternoon. He claimed in view of his 7.9 million followers: “It’s amusing how my legitimate criticism of someone like the ghastly Ms Markle is automatically categorised by the woke brigade as a) racist b) sexist c) damaging to her mental health or d) because I must fancy her. “In fact, it’s just because she’s ghastly. I don’t hate Meghan Markle. “I just hate the damage she and her drippy doormat husband are doing to the Royal Family and Monarchy with their constant unsubstantiated smears and attacks - whilst hypocritically exploiting their royal titles for huge financial gain.” The journalist also responded to a user who said: “I think Andrew has done more damage don’t you?” READ MORE:Sally Nugent 'stopped in tracks' over BBC Breakfast admission To which Piers simply said: “Yes.” As is often the case, Piers’ tweets divided users, with some echoing his sentiment while others jumped to the Duchess’ defence. Zziillaa said: “Indeed she is.” Florider echoed: “Well put Piers, I’m sure loads more carry the same opinion.” Whereas Edward hit back: “What you never acknowledge is the criticism is value but the obsession (ever since she ghosted you) is what’s creepy.” And Andy raged: “You're pretty ghastly @piersmorgan but I don't keep on about it ... actually, I do, but I don't have the audience you have. Less is sometimes more, still keeps you in the public eye, eh?” Piers’ rant came after author Caitlin Moran reposted Sinead O’Connor’s rejection email to the presenter about appearing on his new talk show, Uncensored. The More Than A Woman writer shared a screenshot of the email and said: “Pretty sure there are dozens of celebrities who would line up to do this one at the next Letters Live.” DON'T MISSBBC Breakfast's Rachel Burden tells Naga Munchetty to 'get well soon'[LATEST]Craig Fairbrass on his journey from Hollywood to EastEnders[INSIGHT]Meghan Markle unlikely to 'get hands on any royal palaces'[NEWS] Sinead revealed Piers invited her onto his show following the tragic death of her son, Shane. The singer tweeted on Saturday: “Piers Morgan's been trying to get me on his breakfast show since Shaney died. “Here's what I emailed him in response: Hopefully you'll chortle your tea out your nose.” The email read: “Hi Piers, I think it's best I don't do your show because of the irresistible temptation I would have to point out that you're dying to be b***s deep in Meghan Markle so bad it's driven you crazy. “And that your dislike of Prince Harry is down to his being b***s deep in her 10 times a day. “It being the case that if you were ever to get near her, which would never happen, you'd last ten seconds: and that would be that for 10 days.” Piers seemed to be amused by the email and retweeted her, adding: “Hi Sinead, a delight to hear from you and I did indeed chortle my tea out of my nose. “Three things… A) I haven't hosted a breakfast show for a year. B) I actually fancy you, not Meghan. Think it's the GI Jane hair thing. C) I was so sorry about your son. Hope you're OK.”