Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle stepped down from their roles as senior royals two years ago, moving to Montecito, California, where they live with their two children, Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana. Their exit reportedly caused tension within the Royal Family, which was further exacerbated after a tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex explained how they struggled during their time as working royals, and how unsupported they felt by The Firm. Their blasting of the monarchy reportedly created tensions, with particular strain said to have been placed on the close bonds Harry had with his brother and father. During the interview, Harry commented on Prince William and Prince Charles’ positions in the monarchy. He said: “My father and my brother, they are trapped. They don’t get to leave. And I have huge compassion for that.” More than a year on from the now-infamous Oprah interview, royal commentator Kinsey Schofield has claimed that Charles is “anxious to start the healing process” with his son. She told Express.co.uk: “I think that Prince Charles has a very soft heart and I think he’s desperately in love with Prince Harry — he loves Prince Harry. “He doesn’t like his actions but Prince Harry is his DNA and he does hurt when they’re not talking, he does hurt when things aren’t on the right path and I think he’s anxious to start the healing process.” The Sussexes have not returned to the UK together since their exit, but Harry visited twice last year — once for his grandfather Prince Philip’s funeral and later to unveil a statue of his late mother, Princess Diana. It has been reported that Charles has had video calls with Harry, Meghan and his two grandchildren. However, it’s understood that Harry and Charles have not spent time together in person since April last year, when Harry returned to the UK for the Duke of Edinburgh’s funeral. The Oprah interview had come out the month before and tensions were believed to be rife. Ms Schofield, founder and creator of ToDiForDaily.com, has claimed that Charles could put the past behind him, noting the Prince of Wales’ “forgiving” nature. She said: "I think that Prince Charles is very forgiving and I know the Queen is. “Forgiveness is possible. This family’s very forgiving.” DON'T MISS: Royal Family: Meghan's subtle gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' in relationship [LATEST]Prince Charles was given marriage 'ultimatum' by father Prince Philip [INSIGHT]Sophie Wessex’s ‘disaster’ after marrying into Royal Family [ANALYSIS] It comes as the Duke of Sussex is set to miss his grandfather the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service. Harry will not return to the UK to join the Royal Family at the high-profile occasion in Westminster Abbey on March 29, a spokesperson for the Duke confirmed earlier this month. Harry's spokesperson declined to comment as to the reason for his decision. In January, it emerged that Harry had filed a claim for a judicial review over a Home Office decision that has prevented him from personally paying for Metropolitan Police protection. The Duke is said to want to return to the UK with his wife and children, but does not “feel safe” to do so without such protection. Meghan and Harry’s youngest child, Lilibet, who was born in June last year, is yet to meet her great grandmother, Queen Elizabeth and her grandfather, Prince Charles. Russell Myers, royal editor at the Daily Mirror, has claimed that Harry’s security fears may mean that Charles won’t see his grandchildren for a "long time". Speaking to Nine News' Today, Mr Myers said: "I know Prince Charles is absolutely desperate to see his grandchildren but as I said Prince Harry has really put himself in a difficult position. "He's saying that it's more a dangerous place than California coming back to London because of this security row. We'll just have to see, won't we? "If he doesn't sort this business out with the Home Office and the British Government then we might not see him for a long, long time." It remains unknown whether Harry will return for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations later this year — or whether Meghan and their children will be in tow.