Outlander has returned to Starz and fans were excited to see Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) and Claire (Caitriona Balfe) in their relationship. The series introduces new threats as the American Revolution is imminent and peace at Fraser's Ridge could be broken. Griogair Labhruidh, one of the show's composers, provided insight into the soundtrack. The new season of Outlander includes some hauntingly beautiful scoring and Griogair Labhruidh is one of the masterminds behind the music. Fans of the historical drama would have noticed a change to the theme song this year, with a male voice introduced. Griogair, a Scottish Gaelic poet and musician, features on the new season title theme and his original lyrics feature in the Gaelic version. Discussing the importance of changing the tone at this stage of the series, he told Express.co.uk: "The title theme has featured the beautiful vocals of Raya Yarbrough since season one. "But this season I also perform the main title theme, in English along with her. READ MORE: ‘You swines’ Outlander fans furious as season 6 taken off Amazon Prime "I have also made a contribution in Gaelic which will feature original lyrics I have composed as it was important to strongly represent Scotland this time around. "Previously I recorded a Gaelic song written by the preeminent 18th century Gaelic poet, Alasdair Mac Mhaighstir Alasdair, which was featured in both seasons two and four. "But this is the first time I have featured on the main title theme." The musician admitted this was a very different kind of song from the ones he would normally perform, written in the 19th century from a more romantic perspective. He explained: "In interpreting the song I have tried to bring some of the indigenous Gaelic aesthetics to the performance." Griogair said further exploration of the culture was paramount in the latest season. He added: "It is important that our authentic culture is, at least to some degree, represented. "Gaelic is a marginalised culture and has been highly underrepresented in both film and TV due in part to a romanticised ideal of the Highlands and the narrative of the Scottish Gaels being largely unacknowledged. "Part of the work I am doing with my upcoming releases is to raise awareness of the rich, fascinating culture which, in many ways, is more relevant today than ever." DON'T MISS... Outlander season 6: Marsali ‘isolated’ as she's abandoned by Fergus? [INSIGHT] Mark Lewis Jones age: How old is Outlander's Tom Christie star? [EXPLAINER] Next James Bond: Outlander's Sam Heughan details his 007 audition [DISCUSSION] On the most challenging parts of creating the soundtrack, he said: "For the original elements I have added, one of the trickiest things to do was to take a melody that wouldn’t be typical to my own tradition and transform it into something that represents my own culture. "Writing original lyrics that both carry my message about culture and relate directly to the narrative of the series was also a challenging, but hopefully worthwhile endeavour." The star was able to meet the cast at the series premiere and it was an experience he will not forget. He recalled: "I really enjoyed meeting the cast at the premiere. "I have sung on the soundtrack for the show before but this season I am much more involved, featuring three times on the soundtrack. "I think it was nice for everyone to finally put a face to the voice. "In creating a Gaelic version of the theme song, 'The Skye Boat Song', I tried not to make a translation. "But to write an original Gaelic song, in an older authentic, bardic style."  Outlander airs on Starz on Sundays at 9pm, and fans in the UK can watch via STARZPLAY.