Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has opened up on the absence of Cristiano Ronaldo for today’s Premier League clash with Manchester City. The Portugal international hasn’t been named in the squad for the game at the Etihad Stadium. The Red Devils go into the game looking to boost their hopes of qualifying for the Champions League, while also aiming to dent their fierce rivals’ hopes of winning the Premier League title. Manchester United have gone with a strong starting XI for their match with City, despite Ronaldo's absence. David De Gea starts between the sticks, with the Spain international hopeful of continuing his improvement amid a positive campaign at Old Trafford so far. At the back, United have gone with Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof with Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Alex Telles deployed at full-back. In midfield, the Red Devils have picked Fred, Scott McTominay, Paul Pogba and Bruno Fernandes. And, with Ronaldo missing, Anthony Elanga and Jadon Sancho will spearhead their attack. United have named Dean Henderson, Eric Bailly, Phil Jones, Diogo Dalot, Nemanja Matic, Hannibal Mejbri, Jesse Lingard and Marcus Rashford among the substitutes. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Now, speaking before the game, Rangnick has opened up on the club’s absentees. As well as Ronaldo, the club are without Raphael Varane and Luke Shaw - while Edinson Cavani has suffered an injury setback. Rangnick has now confirmed Shaw and Varane are missing from the squad because they have Covid. And the 63-year-old has revealed Ronaldo is injured after suffering a problem with his hip flexor. “Edi [Cavani] trained well in the last three days but in the end he didn’t feel quite well enough to play. “And Cristiano had some problems with his hip flexor on Friday." Gary Neville and Roy Keane have both opened up on Ronaldo’s absence. And they appear to have differing views when it comes to their former team-mate. Neville expressed a belief Ronaldo’s absence could benefit United, giving others a chance to step up. "United over the last three or four years have been a counter-attacking team, and that will be exactly the same today I think,” he said. “With Ronaldo out of the team I think they might be better off with Rashford’s pace on the counter-attack today." Rashford, obviously, has been named on the bench instead. Yet Keane has now defended Ronaldo. He feels his old side being better without the veteran is a ‘dangerous conversation to have’. Keane said: "I think it’s a dangerous conversation when you’re talking about ‘it’s good Ronaldo is not available’ or whatever the reasons are - whether he’s injured or whatever. “I still think you’d want Ronaldo in your team. “Of course, counter-attack the most important thing is the pace, to say that it might be a plus that Ronaldo isn’t available, I don’t accept that."