Three Mobile is offering customers a very cheap way to use their smartphones. The UK network has launched a secret new SIM deal that comes with a whopping 30GB of monthly data for just £8 per month. That's one of the lowest prices we've seen and even includes totally unlimited calls and all you can send texts. To make things even better for Three users, that 30GB of data is fully 5G ready. So as long as you have a 5G compatible smartphone such as the Galaxy S21 or iPhone 12 you'll be able to get speedy downloads when away from fixed-line broadband. In fact, 5G is fully capable of whizzing movies and files to devices at speeds in excess of 300Mbps. SEE THE THREE £8 SIM DEAL HERE Three isn't actively featuring this deal on their website but you can find the blockbuster offer by clicking here. The other good thing about this SIM is that Three only ties you in for 12 months rather than the usual 24 months so you'll be able to go SIM bargain hunting again next year. Along with that SIM deal from Three, there are some other good offers available from rival networks including SMARTY. This Three-powered service currently has a number of money-saving discounts including extra data for the usual price. That means you pay just £10 for 60GB (was 30GB) of internet access per month or £15 for a whopping 200GB (was 50GB). • YOU SEE ALL OF THE SMARTY DEALS HERE These offers now include 5G speeds at no extra cost plus you can leave at any time with SMARTY not locking customers into a long-term contract. If you want the ultimate 5G coverage in the UK then EE is probably the best option right now and the network currently offering extra data on its £20 SIM deal. This plan usually only features 150GB of monthly internet access but this has just been increased to 160GB for the same price. Customers also get unlimited calls and texts. EE is rolling out 5G to more areas across the UK and recent stats from RootMetrics suggest that the network offers the best and fastest coverage. The final SIM deal that's worth a mention comes from O2. The firm is also offering 160GB of data for £20 but this offer includes Disney+ for six months. There are also unlimited calls and texts plus O2 is offering this SIM for half price for the first six months. That means you pay just £10 at the start of the contract. CHECK OUT O2's DEAL HERE