Filming for season 12 of the ITV detective drama is now underway, and the final two episodes of season 11 are set to air later this year. Brenda Blethyn has played DCI Vera Stanhope since series one and fans were delighted to hear the award-winning actress was returning for another series. Vera boss Ann Cleeves was also thrilled at her comeback and recently took to her social media to send her well-wishes to Brenda and the rest of the cast.  The team of the longrunning ITV drama are back in the region filming the upcoming season which is bound to see Aiden Healy (played by Kenny Doughty) and Vera solve some more murders. Viewers are still waiting to watch the final two instalments of series 11 after filming was halted due to the coronavirus pandemic. However, Brenda assured fans she and the team would be back in front of the camera soon. Vera author Ann Cleeves was the person who let slip that production was starting on season 12 earlier this month. READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star?    She recently took to Twitter to write a supporting message to Brenda and her colleagues ahead of their return to the set. Ann penned: "A beautiful Northumberland morning to welcome team #Vera home. Good luck to @BrendaBlethyn @kennydoughty and all the cast and crew." Vera fan Angie Adamson responded: "Another series? I hope so. It's so nice to have entertaining drama that's not like the others," to which Ann replied: "Yep, another series! Vera 12." Sazzy Sandra added: "Yay I can't wait to watch more #Vera love this programme and love trying to work out the locations."   Julie Claire commented: "Welcome back! How marvellous that there will be a season 12 of #Vera." However, some fans took the opportunity to ask if the author could reveal when ITV would air the final season 11 episodes. Andrew Glover asked: "When are ITV going to show the two episodes they have up their sleeve?" The question went unanswered by Ann, so viewers will have to patiently wait for the two episodes to drop on ITV. DON'T MISS...'Want it back' Brenda Blethyn admits left 'horrified' over Vera change [LATEST]Brenda Blethyn’s honest take on acting role that ‘scares her to death’ [INTERVIEW]Brenda Blethyn details how she transforms into beloved DCI Vera  [INSIGHT]  The fictional Northumberland & City Police department in the hit crime drama is set in Newcastle upon Tyne. On filming the show in the northeast of England, Brenda told Radio Times: "I love it, I just love it – I love the people up there, too. "There is a difference between the friendliness of the north and the south, I don't care what anybody says."    While Brenda is not appearing on screens as Vera at the moment, she has returned to ITV in another role. The 76-year-old actress is starring in the sitcom Kate and Koji for its second season. Brenda portrays cafe owner Kate who helps an asylum-seeking doctor called Koji (Okorie Chukwu). Series 11 episodes 1-4 of Vera can be viewed on the ITV Hub.  