Pensioners may be able to claim a discount on their council tax bill by getting Pension Credit. Pension Credit is a benefit which can be claimed by pensioners on lower incomes who need financial support. Pension Credit provides a weekly amount of additional income to those who claim it, which varies depending on the level of support they require. People who have reached state pension age may be able to claim Pension Credit. The main element of Pension Credit, known as Guarantee Credit, can top up someone’s weekly income to £177.10 if they are single, or £270.30 if they are in a couple. Savings Credit is the other part of Pension Credit, and provides a lower amount. A person might be eligible for this part if both of the following apply: READ MORE: Carer’s Allowance to be replaced by new benefit payment - claimants could get £500 more Recipients of Savings Credit could get up to £14.04 a week if they are single or £15.71 if they are in a couple. As well as the extra income Pension Credit provides each week, it can also act as a gateway to other forms of support, with Pension Credit claimants eligible for various other benefits. This includes: DON'T MISSState pensioners could get £3,000 annual boost - and sum is rising in April [PENSION]Rail fare hike: 7 foolproof tips to help you save money on your train travel [TIPS]State pension alert: Grandparents could boost sum by £2,340 amid triple lock freeze [ALERT] Council Tax Reduction replaced Council Tax Benefit in April 2013 and can provide Britons with a discount on their bill. Homeowners as well as those who rent their home can apply, as can both employed and unemployed people. However, the scheme is not available in Northern Ireland. Recipients of Guarantee Credit may be able to get their council tax paid in full. However, the exact discount someone can get may vary depending on which part of the country they live in, as local councils are responsible for operating their own schemes. The level of discount afforded by Council Tax Reduction can also depend on: Britons must apply to their relevant council to see if they could get a reduction in their bill. The Government website can tell people which council they are a part of. Once they have been matched to their local council, they will have the option to click a link and be redirected to the council’s website. If someone wishes to apply for Pension Credit, they can do so online via the Government website. They can also apply by phone or by post.