In a phone call with golfer John Daly, who took the call while enjoying food and drinks inside a Newport Beach Country Club, Donald Trump revealed the threats he dished out to Putin. The 45th US President stated he “got along great” with his Russian counterpart and repeated his claims the Ukraine invasion would not have happened under his leadership.   The former Republican President told Mr Daly, who put the call on speakerphone at the Hoag Classic tournament in California: “They're all saying, ‘Oh he's a nuclear power’. “It's like they're afraid of him. “You know, he was a friend of mine. “I got along great with him. I say, ‘Vladimir, if you do it, we're hitting Moscow.’ READ MORE: PM to unveil SIX-point plan to destabilise Putin and save Ukraine  “I said, ‘We're gonna hit Moscow.’ “I said, ‘We're gonna hit Moscow’. And he sort of believed me, like five percent, 10 percent. That's all you need.” Trump also repeated his claim that Putin didn't invade Ukraine while he was president because “he knew he couldn't”. Mr Trump told the golfer: “He never did it during my time, John, you know.” DON'T MISSReporter pushed out of White House meeting after shaming Biden [REVEAL]Abramovich's yacht sails for international water as sanctions bite [INSIGHT]Andrew Neil battles trolls as Corbyn row explodes [UPDATE]  The media personality also commented that Chinese President Xi Jinping didn’t attempt to attack Taiwan due to his threats. He said over the phone: “​​No, Xi didn't bother me. “I told him the same thing. That'll be next. That's gonna be next. “Taiwan will be next. You won't have any computer chips. “They'll blow them off the face of the earth.”   This comes as the attack on Ukraine enters its 10th day with Russian troops advancing on the capital. The mayor of Mariupol stated on Saturday Russian forces intensified shelling as residents, including women and children, came under fire as they tried to leave the city. The port city has been witnessing intense shelling for days as Russian troops have been trying to cut Ukraine off from this strategically important sea link. Russian forces have continued to shell Mariupol despite agreeing to a ceasefire.   