Below Deck Sailing Yacht is halfway through its third season and has seen some explosive drama from the members working onboard Parsifal III. One member, in particular, the youngest and newest deckhand Tom Pearson, made an impression that Bravo viewers will never forget in the first episode, but he teased that there is still plenty more drama to come as the season continues. During his first debut episode, Tom became incoherently intoxicated to the point where he had to sleep in the foyer and was nearly sick over Captain Glenn Shephard. When discussing the poignant moment, he said he felt like it "put him on the map" and branded himself a "legend". Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Tom delved into what viewers can expect to see throughout the rest of the series and teased at some "juicy bits". He revealed: "I haven't watched it, so I mean, you guys get to see it as I see it, so I can't say if something won't happen, because I don't know is the honest answer. READ MORE: BBC's Charlie Stayt apologises as host forced to pull interview "You know I'm pretty sure that they're [Bravo] gonna put in all the juicy bits, I wouldn't worry about that. "You know, it's going to make good TV, isn't it? So they're definitely not going to miss out, everything that everyone has seen is as accurate, and they didn't miss a beat. "We got everything, I mean, I wish that they didn't play me sick in the bathroom, but guess what they did so. "I could say as well, you know, there are lots of things that we wish didn't happen, but you know, they put everything in," he said. When asked about the rumours regarding whether he was sick on Captain Glenn, he instantly shut them down and expressed he didn't know where they came from. He also spoke about their relationship and described his new boss as a "one of a kind man" after allowing what went on to happen on his boat. Tom began: "I mean, I don't talk to him every day, but Glenn is one of a kind. I mean, just after the first episode, who's going to allow for that to happen? "There's not many people that would, so yeah, I guess we've done really well, I mean, sometimes we'll send each other some funny messages. DON'T MISS...Below Deck Sailing Yacht star shares behind the scenes  [INSIGHT]Below Deck’s Erica Rose defends Gary King against ‘two-faced’ Daisy [LATEST]Below Deck Sailing Yacht newcomer gives verdict on Dani's pregnancy  [WATCH] "The other day, he put on his story about the cabin arrangements, and it read, 'Does Captain Glenn regret his decision after episode one of the cabin arrangements?' "And I sent him a little message like replying to his story I said, 'Why, what happened?' he sent me loads of comments off of Facebook. "So we just go back and forth with little jokes, but I love Glenn, I would love to see him out somewhere and have a beer with him," he joked. "I think he's a great guy," Tom praised. "A great role model and he just does his job really well, and if you ever get a chance to talk to him, he's got a really interesting life. "He didn't get into sailing until later on in life, he's got a really interesting story to tell, so I would like to thank him, we have a good relationship." On Monday night's episode, Tom ended up kissing one of the crew members who previously ruled out a fling with Tom after persuing another member of the crew. Speaking to US Weekly about the episode, he joked: "I squashed the idea of getting with her. It wasn’t in my head whatsoever. "Have you ever heard of The Tortoise and the Hare? I am living proof that the tortoise won the race." Below Deck Sailing Yacht is available to stream on Bravo and hayu with new episodes airing on Tuesday.