Speaking at a press conference in Kyiv, a captured Russian soldier said he fears being killed if he is returned home, the Daily Telegraph reported. He said: "In Russia, we are already considered dead. "I was given the opportunity to call my parents and they told me that a funeral for me had already been arranged. "If we are exchanged, then we will be shot by our own people." It comes after a video circulated online earlier in the week of a captured Russian soldier who claimed he was shot in the foot by his comrades. He told Ukraine forces that a Russian lieutenant was killed by his side, and he was shot in the foot, for trying to save a woman and mother, after Russian soldiers were told to shoot civilians in Kharkiv on February 24.  He claimed that when their fellow comrades noticed the two soldiers weren't shooting at civilians, they turned and opened fire on them. Captured Russian soldiers speaking on March 2 said the invasion of Ukraine was in "complete disarray", according to voice recordings obtained by a British intelligence company. Intercepted radio messages suggest that troops are refusing to obey command orders to shell Ukrainian towns. The soldiers that use analogue 'walkie talkie' radios - that can be intercepted - are also said to be running out of food and fuel.  READ MORE: Putin may be battling ravaging disease, ex-MI6 boss says Intelligence firm ShadowBreak has obtained around 24 hours of material since Russia first invaded Ukraine last week. Other video recordings reportedly show Russian soldiers retreating into Russia after becoming frustrated. The Telegraph reported a text message sent by a soldier to his mother is alleged to have said: "The only thing I want right now is to kill myself." On March 1, the New York Times also reported a senior US defence official saying some troops have deliberately punched holes in their vehicles' petrol tanks in the hope of avoiding combat.  DON'T MISS: Ukrainians feed captured soldier as they call his mum to reassure her [VIDEO]Captured Russian admits Putin U-turn after Usyk joined Ukraine defence [INSIGHT]Russia soldier warns Putin he 'cannot win' as he exposes Moscow lies [COMMENT] Ukraine's security service also previously released a Facebook video showing a Russian military technician claiming deserters are being threatened with seven years prison time. Several of the videos were posted on a Telegram channel called 'Find Your Own', which was set up by Ukraine's Interior Ministry. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky's government has also opened a telephone hotline for Russian parents to find out if their sons are among the dead or captured. Interviews with Russian prisoners show that they believed they were sent to "liberate" Ukraine but have actually found themselves led to slaughter as they were met with heavy resistance by brave Ukrainians. 