Leeds have moved quickly to confirm the appointment of the former RB Leipzig boss Jesse Marsch on a three-year deal, replacing Marcelo Bielsa. Former head coach Bielsa was sacked on Sunday following a dismal run of form.  Bielsa's reign ended following Saturday's 4-0 thrashing by Tottenham, culminating a terrible string of results. American tactician Marsch had apparently long been lined up as a possible Bielsa replacement, but he is now in place for Leeds' final 12 league matches. Leeds’s director of football, Victor Orta, said: “We are delighted to welcome Jesse to the club and excited for him to lead us into this new chapter. “Jesse is someone we identified a number of years ago during his time at Red Bull Salzburg and we believe his philosophy and style of football aligns with that of the club and will suit the players very well. “We have a long-term plan and firmly believe he can take Leeds United to the next level and are excited for what the future holds.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  Chief Executive Angus Kinnear added: “We are really pleased to have quickly secured the services of our first-choice head coach. “Whilst the short-term objective for Jesse is obvious, we believe he has the courage and ambition to build on the strong foundations we have created over the last four years and elevate the performance of the club over the long-term. “He had a great deal of success with New York Red Bulls and Red Bull Salzburg and has demonstrated during our many meetings that he is a great fit with the footballing culture of Leeds United. “At this challenging time, it is important that the club remains united from top to bottom. The fans have been amazing throughout Andrea’s tenure and we have no doubt they will unite behind Jesse and ensure the team quickly returns to winning with style.” Marsch had been involved in Red Bull's football empire since 2015. DON'T MISS...Arsenal icon '100 per cent' sure over Mikel Arteta's next captainMan Utd 'choose Cristiano Ronaldo replacement' and line up £84m bidTottenham and Man City bosses rally around Bielsa after Leeds exit  He was manager of the New York Red Bulls until 2018. RB Salzburg then appointed him as boss a year later. The 48-year-old, a two-time USNMT international, was named as RB Leipzig coach ahead of the 2021-22 season. However, he lasted just four months and mutually agreed to part ways following a disappointing 2-1 Bundesliga defeat by Union Berlin.   Marsch's appointment is subject to international clearance.     