Chelsea have been banned from selling tickets to fans who aren't season ticket holders and blocked from selling merchandise after owner Roman Abramovich was sanctioned by the UK Government on Thursday morning. News emerged last week that Abramovich had listed the club for sale following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Chelsea have been one of the most successful clubs in England under Abramovich since he bought them in 2003. The Blues have been linked with a whole load of prospective new owners with Abramovich's 19-year spell as owner set to come to an end. But Thursday morning saw the UK Government sanction Abramovich as officials look to clamp down on Russian relations amid the war on Ukraine. And one of those sanctions means that Chelsea are not even allowed to sell tickets - with only existing season ticket holders being able to attend fixtures. Abramovich's assets have been frozen, although Chelsea have been given a sporting licence to continue trading as a club. This effectively bars the sale of the club to any interested party, such as UFC star Conor McGregor - who publicly announced his interest in purchasing the European champions upon Abramovich's statement last week. And the sanctioning of the club means they have been left in limbo. The government have awarded Chelsea a special licence for 'football-related activities', meaning that the club can still partake in fixtures and pay their players. However, Abramovich cannot sell the five-time Premier League champions, and the Government would need to give special dispensation for the sale of the club. To get approval, the Russian would be barred from receiving any money for the sale of Chelsea either directly or indirectly. Further misery has been piled on the Blues after it was confirmed they would not be able to offer new contracts to their stars under the sanctions. This effectively means that players such as Antonio Rudiger, Andreas Christensen, Thiago Silva and Cesar Azpilicueta will leave the club at the start of July unless the sanctions are overturned before then. This would also mean that whilst the Blues can agree fees with clubs for transfers, they would not be able to offer new players contracts, effectively barring their ability to make new signings. Merchandise sales have also been banned in what is likely to have a huge impact on Chelsea's financial records for the coming 12 months, if the sanctions remain in place in the long term. The sanction comes due to the 'close personal relationship' that Abramovich has with Russian President Vladimir Putin, according to the Government's official sanction listing. "Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has today (Thursday 10 March) announced a full asset freeze and travel ban on seven of Russia’s wealthiest and most influential oligarchs, whose business empires, wealth and connections are closely associated with the Kremlin," the statement read. "Given the significant impact that today’s sanctions would have on Chelsea Football Club and the potential knock on effects of this, the Government has this morning published a licence which authorises a number of football-related activities to continue at Chelsea. "This includes permissions for the club to continue playing matches and other football related activity which will in turn protect the Premier League, the wider football pyramid, loyal fans and other clubs. "This licence will only allow certain explicitly named actions to ensure the designated individual is not able to circumvent UK sanctions. The licence will be kept under constant review and we will work closely with the football authorities."