Vladimir Putin blamed “aggressive statements” by the West as to why he moved Russia’s alert level. The Kremlin later sought to name UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss as one of those deemed to have made comments that infuriated Moscow. Although the level change is highly provocative, it doesn’t mean Russia intends to use its nuclear ordnance. But, if such a weapon were fired, does the UK have the capabilities to defend itself? If a nuclear weapon was aimed at the British Isles, the US Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI) - also known as the ‘star wars’ defence - could be used to intercept and destroy it. The system was set-up in 1984 under then president Ronald Reagan, while the US and Soviet Union were still engaged in the Cold War. Edward Lucas, a security expert, told MyLondon there’s a "very good chance" of nuclear missiles being intercepted, over the UK, with the aid of the star wars defence. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as Russian troops down weapons in collapse of morale  The Government could also opt to make use of the military’s Type 45 destroyer vessels, which could use their defensive capabilities to fend off any nuclear attack. For example, if it was deemed necessary, these ships could be placed in the Thames Estuary to defend London and the surrounding areas. Since April 1969, the Royal Navy has maintained continuous at sea deterrence, with at least one nuclear-armed ballistic missile submarine patrolling the seas undetected at all times. Their fundamental purpose is to preserve peace, prevent coercion, and deter aggression.  In fact, the continuous at sea deterrent (CASD) is the most capable, resilient, and cost-effective platform on which to deploy Britain’s independent nuclear deterrent. The Government has said the UK’s nuclear deterrent is operationally independent. Prime Minister Boris Johnson is also the only person who can authorise the use of our nuclear weapons, even if deployed as part of a North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) response. The Government states it would consider using the UK’s nuclear weapons “only in extreme circumstances of self-defence, including the defence of our NATO allies”.  DON'T MISS: Russian soldier sobs humiliated by Ukrainians in video [NEWS]Elon Musk activates Starlink over Ukraine as rockets fall on Kyiv [EXPLAINED]Keir Starmer threatens to kick out Labour members who attack NATO over [INSIGHT] Last Sunday Mr Putin sent shockwaves around the world when he announced Russia’s deterrent forces - including its nuclear weapons - were being moved to “special alert”. In response to the decision, the US hit back, labelling it an "unacceptable escalation", while the NATO General-Secretary Jens Stoltenberg described Mr Putin's comments as "dangerous rhetoric". The announcement was made after Russia’s war effort was seemingly starting to stutter in the face of stern resistance from Ukraine.  Russia owns the greatest arsenal of nuclear weapons in the world. Moscow possesses an estimated 4,447 nuclear warheads, according to the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, of which 1,588 of which are deployed on ballistic missiles and heavy bomber bases. A further 977 strategic warheads and 1,912 nonstrategic warheads are kept in reserve by the Kremlin. 