Royal Mail has launched new barcoded stamps which connect letters to the digital world by allowing senders to share picture and video messages with recipients. The new stamps have a barcode along the body of the stamp, separated by a simulated perforation line. They were launched on February 1 and are available to buy on the Royal Mail website. Recipients will eventually be able to access videos, information about services and even birthday messages from the sender via the barcodes.  These features will be rolled out throughout 2022. At the moment, the first of the new planned digital features, a video of Shaun the Sheep created for Royal Mail by Aardman studios, can be accessed on the Royal Mail app. However, the advent of the new digital stamps means that old-style stamps will eventually become unusable. Customers have until the 31st of January 2023 to use up any non-barcoded stamps. Alternatively, Royal Mail is launching a “swap-out” scheme so that people can trade in their old stamps for digital ones.  However, Dennis Reed from campaign group Silver Voices told Express.co.uk that this could mean that many people will lose out as it is unclear whether they will be able to exchange their old stamps for the current value of stamps. He said that many older people had been told to stock up on stamps to protect themselves against inflation but now face losing out. He said: “A lot of older people have been advised to stock up with stamps to protect themselves against inflation in a way because obviously, if you've got a first-class stamp, then, we were told that you could use that first-class stamp anytime even if prices have gone up significantly. “So there are some older people who have large stocks of first-class stamps. “Now the question is, those stamps are not going to be able to be used after next year, so what happens to all those stocks of stamps? DONT' MISS:Have your say: Should PM still trigger Article 16 despite Russia war? Brexit LIVE: Boris unleashes TWO new secret weapons Sunak nightmare: New report warns UK ‘running out of steam’  “I understand that they're going to be able to be exchanged, but are they going to be able to be exchanged for the new value of the first-class stamp? “I don't know. Because if people have got first-class stamps from say, five years ago, which is perfectly feasible, then they're gonna lose out if they only get the face value at that time of the stamp. “I think well, okay. If they want to bring in digital stamps then fine but people should be able to walk into a post office and exchange their old stamps for new stamps of the same value.” Mr Reed added that the concerns of older people are often neglected during digital transitions. He said: “I think that it's a general feature of the digital transformation that quite often that transformation takes place without really thinking about how it affects people who are in the pre-digital era and this is one example of that.” 