Bridgerton season three is already on the way and the Netflix hit TV series shines a light on a different Bridgerton series each time. Colin Bridgerton (played by Luke Newton) is yet to come into the spotlight but he has already been through a lot when it comes to finding love. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about whether he gets back together with Marina Thompson (Ruby Barker). In the latest season of the raunchy period drama, Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey) was on a quest to find a wife. The series also saw the return of Colin Bridgerton, who had been on his travels since the end of the first season. Penelope Featherington (Nicola Coughlan) still has her heart set on the young Bridgerton sibling, but he remains blind to her true feelings. Instead, he went to visit Marina Thompson, his former wife-to-be. Marina seemed happy to see Colin at first, but by the end of the visit, she had turned sour. READ MORE: Bridgerton's Nicola Coughlan wants 'family-friendly' sex scenes Colin became friendly with her new husband, Philip Crane (Chris Fulton), something Marina was uncomfortable with. She told Colin he needed to move on and she could no longer be a part of his fantasy. Fans will have noticed how Colin still cares for Marina and they may be wondering whether they ever get back together. Sadly it is unlikely the pair will cross paths again as Marina has a dark future ahead. In the books by Julia Quinn, Marina is introduced in the prologue of To Sir Philip, With Love. The story starts with Philip mourning the death of his wife Marina. She dies of a fever in the book, something that is yet to happen in the TV adaptation. In the original novel, there is no word of Colin and Marina ever having been together. There is a brief mention of the distant cousin of the Featheringtons being engaged to George Crane. In the series, George is referred to as Marina's secret lover to whom she wrote letters. DON'T MISS... Bessie Carter parents: Who are the Bridgerton star's famous parents? [INSIGHT] Bridgerton Series 2: What happened to Anthony, Kate and Edwina after[EXPLAINER] Bridgerton season 3: Will Eloise Bridgerton marry Theo Sharpe? [DISCUSSION] So as Colin and Marina are not 'end game' in the books, it is highly unlikely they will become an official item in the series. Fans are hoping Colin realises how his best friend Penelope really feels about him. The real 'Lady Whistledown' may be relying on her friend to support her after she fell out with Eloise Bridgerton (Claudia Jessie). Without giving too much away from the books, Penelope should not lose hope yet. Marina actress Barker opened up about the second season and her thoughts on the raunchy aspect of the show. When asked how she would feel if it was her turn to feature in a sex scene, she said: "I don’t know. It completely depends on the context and if I feel it’s necessary." "Performing simulated sex is not something that I’m like 'Uh, NO!' "If I feel it’s justified and it’s something I want to do and feel comfortable about, then OK. But it’s got to be for the right reasons. "I’m not interested in titillating someone’s nan while she’s just trying to eat her beans for dinner," she told The Mirror.  Bridgerton season 2 is on Netflix now. Season 3 has already been confirmed.