 You’re Hired is The Apprentice’s celebratory spin-off show which is set to air straight after the series finale. The BBC show is expected to see the cast of the series come together to celebrate the final. However, it seems one former candidate will be missing from the show and has reportedly not been invited back for filming.    US cosmetics entrepreneur Amy Anzel left the competition in week six after struggling to impress Lord Alan Sugar. The businessman fired Amy after an intense discussion in the boardroom. Since being booted off the show, Amy is said to have reached out to producers to appear on You're Hired. However, the entrepreneur has reportedly not been invited back to be on the spin-off show. READ MORE: Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show    This comes weeks after Amy complained about some of Lord Sugar's Twitter posts. The businessman commented about her performance on the show while the programme was being aired on BBC. One tweet from Lord Sugar said: “Amy didn’t sell, she was so slow. Slower than broadband Wi-Fi in Cornwall.” Amy is said to have not taken too kindly to the Twitter comments and complained about the remarks.   A friend of Amy’s revealed: “She couldn’t get her head around her firing. "It came in week six because she’d not taken on the project manager role - but they’d failed to show she had put herself up for it in week two. “She believed it was just an excuse to get rid of her. “When Lord Sugar posted his tweets, she thought they were nasty, hurtful and insulting and told them so in an email. DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun buyers leave halfway through property viewing [MUST SEE]Why is Dancing On Ice Final not on? ITV replace skating series [UPDATE]After Life's Ricky Gervais details reason he avoids cliffhangers [INSIGHT]   “She knew the final taping was happening last Wednesday, but they ignored her phone calls and emails again. “Then Amy got an email saying that invitations were issued at their discretion,” Amy’s friend told The Sun. The source went on to explain how Amy had a Zoom meeting with the production bosses at Naked TV, which makes the show for the BBC, on Wednesday. "She felt humiliated during that call,” the friend insisted. However, an Apprentice source told The Sun: “Invitations to You’re Hired are always discretionary and never guaranteed.” Express.co.uk have reached out to the BBC for comment.   It seems Amy won’t be the only fired candidate missing from You’re Hires as Navid Sole and Harry Mahmood were also absent from filming. Amy, Navid and Harry will be seen returning in the last episode to help the finalists on their last task, but won’t be in the studio for the spin-off afterwards. The final will see Kathryn Burn and Harpreet Kaur go head to head as they battle it out to become Lord Sugar’s business partner and win a £250,000 investment. The Apprentice final airs Thursday at 9pm on BBC One with You’re Hired airing at 10pm on BBC Two. 