While completing royal duties, the Queen has been known to reside at either Buckingham Palace in London or Windsor Castle in Berkshire throughout her 70-year reign. But during her downtime, it is said the private residence of Balmoral in Scotland is very dear to the Queen. The stunning castle has long been the Royal Family's summer holiday destination, and with its unparalleled access to nature and the great outdoors, it's not hard to see why.  Every year the Queen has usually spent her summer holiday at Balmoral from the end of July into October. Princess Eugenie, the Queen's beloved granddaughter, once described Balmoral as the most beautiful place on earth and a "lovely base" for the Queen. She previously said: "Walks, picnics, dogs - a lot of dogs, there's always dogs - and people coming in and out all the time. "It's a lovely base for granny and grandpa, for us to come and see them up there; where you just have room to breathe and run."  READ MORE: Harry mocked over decision on UK return Balmoral Castle is located on Royal Deeside in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, near the village of Crathie. The Queen's official Scottish residence is the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh, which is owned by the Crown. But unlike other royal residences, Balmoral is the Queen's private property and it was purchased by Prince Albert, consort of Queen Victoria, in the 19th Century.   Like her great-great-granddaughter, Queen Victoria famously adored Scotland, and she spent much of her reign at Balmoral with Albert and alone during her widowhood. Balmoral Castle is designed in the Scottish Baronial style and it was built using local granite. The impressive estate has passed down royal generations, and the Queen's parents King George VI and the Queen Mother spent a lot of time on the grounds in their lifetimes. The Queen and her late husband Prince Philip made summer visits to Balmoral with their children a tradition, but the estate is also open to the public between April and July annually.  DON'T MISS:Queen plots retreat away from Windsor Castle [INSIGHT]Kate and William to keep eye on Belize menu [ANALYSIS]Prince Philip paid touching tribute to another royal with Queen's ring [PICTURES] The Queen is famously a horse enthusiast, and while at Balmoral she partakes in horse riding and hiking when her time allows it. But the Queen's work as the nation's sovereign is never complete, and she still tends to her royal duties while in residence at the estate. Every summer the Queen is traditionally visited by the prime minister and their spouse, with Boris Johnson and Carrie Johnson visiting the residence last year. 