Rafael Nadal revealed he suffered from concerning breathing difficulties that hindered his ability to perform in the Indian Wells final. The Spaniard suffered a 6-3 7-6 (7-5) defeat to Taylor Fritz as the American inflicted the first defeat of 2022 on the Australian Open champion. Nadal, who became the most successful male tennis player in the sport’s history when he triumphed Down Under in January, left the court for treatment after going down 4-0 in the first set. The 35-year-old admitted after the contest that he was struggling to breathe. “It’s tough for me to breathe. When I try to breathe, it’s painful and it’s very uncomfortable,” Nadal said. ”When I’m breathing, when I’m moving it’s like a needle all the time inside here. I get dizzy a little bit because it’s painful. “It’s a kind of pain that limits me a lot. It’s not only about pain, I don’t feel very well because it affects my breathing. READ MORE: Emma Raducanu discovers gruelling Miami Open fate as draw made “Honestly I am sad because of the way I was not able to compete. The thing that worries me now, it’s about what’s going on there, what I have to do now to recover and how long it’s going to take.” Nadal got his 2022 season off to the perfect start with the triumph at the first Grand Slam of the season, securing an unprecedented 21st Major title. However, the Spaniard made 34 unforced errors in the match as Fritz became the first American to claim the title at Indian Wells since Andre Agassi in 2001. DON'T MISSNadal beaten in Indian Wells final as Federer returns to court Nadal beaten for first time in 2022 as Taylor Fritz wins Indian WellsNadal calls physio after dropping set to Fritz in Indian Wells final Fritz was clearly thrilled with the result, and said: “I can’t even begin to describe how ridiculous it is to play, how I could play today, I’ve never experienced worse pain like I did before the match. I took a couple of steps and screamed. I was trying to act tough and we did a lot of work leading up to the match. “I was really upset, basically almost crying because I thought I was going to have to pull out. I went through a rollercoaster of emotion and all of a sudden being really happy thinking maybe I can play, but it didn’t affect me at all. “This is one of those childhood dreams you never even think will come true.” Nadal will defend his French Open title at Roland-Garros in May.