Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has spoken out on his former club Chelsea's current situation after owner Roman Abramovich was sanctioned on Thursday morning - claiming the ordeal is a 'real pity'.  Abramovich signalled his intentions to sell the club last week in the 'best interests of the public' following the Russian invasion of Ukraine in late February. Having joined the club in 2003, Abramovich's successful 19-year-stint was set to come to an end, but after the UK Government imposed sanctions upon him and six other oligarchs were reprimanded on Thursday morning, Chelsea's future is now up in the air. The club can no longer sell or buy players, renew contracts, sell match day tickets or even have fans travel to away matches under the new regulations. Authorities have also blocked the sale of the club that Abramovich was looking for earlier this month by freezing his assets, imposing travel bans and prohibiting transactions with UK individuals. And as the restrictions have now seriously impacted the club, Conte has offered his sympathy over the situation. "Honestly I have just listened to this situation," Conte said ahead of Tottenham's visit to Old Trafford on Saturday. "This morning we had a training session. It is not easy, it is not easy. Honestly, it’s a pity, also because I was coach in this club, in Chelsea, I enjoyed two seasons. "Also, I won two titles, I worked in this club. It’s a pity to listen to this situation, it’s not simple for the players, it’s not simple for [manager] Thomas Tuchel, for the fans, for the whole environment, [a] Chelsea environment. "Honestly, I hope that in general, that this situation between Russia and Ukraine is going to finish, and to find a peace, because it’s too important. And then, other situations that are coming from this conflict. "I think that it’s not right. I for hope the best, for this club, because I worked in this club, I enjoyed the two seasons [I spent there]. For sure, I love the team, the club, that I worked in, in the past. Every team that worked in the past. I hope for the best for them." Chelsea will now have a real problem with out-of-contract stars at the end of the season. Fabrizio Romano reported that Andreas Christensen had chosen to move to Barcelona at the end of his deal in what is a huge blow to Tuchel. Alongside him are Antonio Rudiger and Cesar Azpilicueta, with the German international having been linked with Newcastle, Bayern Munich and Manchester United in the past. And if they leave, Chelsea will enter the new season with just three of their current centre-back contingency, due to the sanctions imposed meaning they cannot sign replacements.  Attention turns to the away tie at Norwich on Thursday evening, with Tuchel's men aiming to secure a top-four place. The Blues currently sit six points ahead of Manchester United with two games in hand as they aim to secure Champions League football for the eighth time in 10 seasons. And that could be extended with a win away at the league's bottom club.