Coronation Street resident Abi Franklin (played by Sally Carman) has been having a tough time lately on the ITV soap and has relapsed. The mother-of-three was seen taking cocaine with dealer Dean Turnbull (Anthony Crank) in Sunday night's episode with her stash of Class A drugs visible on screen.  The hour-long episode aired before the 9pm watershed and as a result, viewers were annoyed with the scenes being shown. Finding it hard to cope with the news of her affair spreading across the cobbles, the troubled character turned to cocaine. Fans know Abi slept with lawyer Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo) with her husband Kevin Webster (Michael La Vell) only just finding out she'd been unfaithful. Abi hasn't revealed it was Imran she spent the night with but as it's revealed she is expecting his child, it surely won't be long before the news comes out. As the mechanic tried to come to terms with Kevin knowing about her one-night stand, she called her dealer and they took cocaine together. READ MORE:Loose Women's Linda Robson sparks uproar over Ukraine admission  ITV fans were horrified by the scenes being shown pre-9pm and took to Twitter to complain. @RyanGTweetsTV said: “I don't want to see someone sniffing drugs thank you. #Corrie.” “Drug taking before 9pm on #corrie," exclaimed @angelsflight. Others meanwhile, were simply disappointed with Abi as @kerrybean73 tweeted: "Catching up on #Corrie. Have totally lost all sympathy for Abi now, which is upsetting as I've always loved her."   However, others were excited for the week of drama ahead, as @lauraaa_diva posted: "Corrie is going to be amazing this week!!!! “Omg the Abi drama, @sallycarman1 is going to be amazing as ever and later on this week Nicky Wheatley returns. “So excited to see @kimberly_h_s back. We are going to be so spoilt with the storylines!!!! #corrie #corriefan,” they said. A huge shock was already in store for viewers as Abi proceeded to head out on a joy ride with Dean.  Dean decided to steal Kevin's garage keys and together, the pair stole a customer's car. Although Abi tried to stop him, she began to feel ill and Dean left her at the side of the road before heading off alone. In pain, Abi clutched at her stomach before she realising she was in labour. The episode ended on a shocking cliffhanger as Abi realised she was pregnant and was going to give birth prematurely. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot?[INSIGHT]Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot? [LATEST]Sally Dynevor: Star 'couldn't cope' when diagnosed with cancer[WATCH]  In coming episodes, viewers will see Abi give birth to a baby boy at six months. While she has lost her three children, she will decide she is an unfit mother and should not be allowed to raise the tot. Teasing the storyline, actress Sally said: “She's massively in shock and she's not thinking straight, so she goes to what she knows. “When her back's up against the wall, she panics. She's still high on drugs, so she's also worried that the hospital could call the police on her." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday on ITV from 8pm. 