The National Minimum Wage (NMW) was introduced in 1999, a flagship policy of the Labour party during their successful general election campaign in 1997. Enforced by law, the NMW ensures all contractual workers are paid what can be deemed as a reasonable, minimum hourly rate for the work they carry out. Minimum wages differ depending on age and whether you’re an apprentice. The NMW rises every few years, mainly correlating with increased costs of living. Following recommendations from the Low Pay Commission, the Government has announced both the National Living Wage (NLW) and National Minimum Wage rates will increase this year. The National Living Wage is higher than the National Minimum Wage and applies to workers over the age of 23. The NMW however, is the minimum per hour most workers from 16-22 will be entitled to.  READ MORE: BBC's Adam Fleming breaks down pay rise details  These increases are said to have put the minimum wage back on track to attain the Government’s target to reach two-thirds of median earnings by 2024, which is estimated to be in excess of £10.50 an hour. The NMW and NLW increase will apply from April 1, 2022. The increase is said to come against a backdrop of strong GDP forecasts, employment returning to pre-pandemic levels, and businesses advertising record numbers of vacancies. As of April 1, the National Living Wage will rise to £9.50, up from £8.91. This represents an increase of 59p, equating to 6.6 percent. The NMW rate for the 21-22-year-old age group will increase to £9.18, up from £8.36.  This is the sharpest increase of all groups, narrowing the gap with the NLW - reportedly putting the age group on track to receive the full NLW by 2024. The 18-20 and 16-17-year-old age groups will also experience an increase in line with underlying wage growth, protecting earnings for young workers while recognising their higher risk of unemployment. The minimum wage for apprentices will increase by 51p, bringing it in line with the 16-17-year-old age group. The complete list of minimum wage increases is as follows: Are you satisfied with the minimum hourly rate increases? Have your say in the comments. DON'T MISS: The ‘key’ to supplementing your state pension [EXPLAINED] ‘It works out at 50p an hour!’ Carers slam Carer's Allowanc [ANALYSIS] Minimum wage workers set to get '£93,989 boost' under pension changes [INSIGHT]      Bryan Sanderson, Low Pay Commission chair, said: “The rates we recommended will put money in the pockets of care-workers, food distributors and many other groups of the lowest-paid members of our society up and down the UK. “Many of them have made a vital contribution during the last few difficult months. “The impact on communities is considerable. Blackpool, for example, will benefit by at least £6.1m from pay increases to its low-paid workers. Mr Sanderson continued: “The pandemic has been an exceptionally difficult period for businesses and workers alike, but the labour market has recovered strongly and the economy is expected to continue to grow over the next year. “This is attributable in no small part to comprehensive Government support.  He added: “Our value as a social partnership is to find a consensus recommendation acceptable to both sides of industry.” However, recent labour market data demonstrates wage rises are struggling to keep up with the soaring inflation rates. Inflation is expected to increase above seven percent this year, and with a hike in National Insurance rates imminent, workers will feel the effects. On the announced increases, Labour Shadow Treasury Secretary Bridget Phillipson said: “This underwhelming offer works out at £1,000 a year less than Labour’s existing plans for a minimum wage of at least £10 per hour for people working full-time. "Much of it will be swallowed up by the Government’s tax rises, universal credit cuts and failure to get a grip on energy bills.” 