Doctor Carol DerSarkissian confirmed that fat stored in the liver can disrupt the way the organ works. When inflammation occurs, known as non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), the liver may begin to develop scar tissue. When the liver is inflamed and damaged, one of the warning signs is a swollen belly. Doctor DerSarkissian verified that enlarged blood vessels underneath the skin could be another sign. In men, "larger-than-normal" breast might develop, and in both sexes, palms may turn red. Skin and the whites of the eyes could also take on a yellowish hue, known as jaundice. Five signs of an inflamed and damaged liver NASH is more likely to occur if you are overweight, if you are resistant to insulin, if you have diabetes, or have polycystic ovary syndrome. READ MORE: How to sleep – 'Hypnotic' sleeping pills and why there's a better alternative Other health conditions linked to NASH include sleep apnoea, an underactive thyroid, hypopituitarism, and metabolic syndrome. What's sleep apnoea? Sleep apnoea is when your breathing stops and starts while you sleep, the NHS explained. During the night, you might make gasping, snorting or choking noises, and snore very loudly. During the day, due to disrupted sleep, you might feel very tired, find it hard to concentrate, and have mood swings. Upon waking, one telling sign of sleep apnoea is if you wake up with a headache. What's an underactive thyroid? The NHS explained that hypothyroidism, as it is known as, leads to: tiredness, weight gain, and feeling depressed. The condition can not be prevented, as – in most cases – it is caused by the immune system attacking the thyroid gland. Alternatively, damage to the thyroid is caused by treatment for thyroid cancer. What's hypopituitarism? The Pituitary Foundation explained: "The pituitary gland produces a number of hormones or chemicals which are released into the blood to control other glands in the body. "If the pituitary is not producing one or more of these hormones, or not producing enough, then this condition is known as hypopituitarism." Typical symptoms include: What's metabolic syndrome? The NHS added that metabolic syndrome is the medical term for a combination of diabetes, high blood pressure, and obesity. Doctor DerSarkissian noted that a doctor may use numerous tests to diagnose fatty liver disease. This may include a discussion of symptoms, a physical examination, and blood tests. While there is no mediation to treat fatty liver disease, one of the recommendations is to lose weight. By losing weight, Doctor DerSarkissian confirmed that it helps to reduce fat, inflammation, and scarring in the liver.