Fern Britton co-hosted This Morning with Phillip Schofield until 2009, which is when she was replaced by Holly Willoughby. In the past, Fern has been vocal about her time on the ITV programme, but in a new interview, the 64-year-old has discussed what it would be like now. The former ITV presenter told Kate Thornton during her White Wine podcast that she finds it "embarrassing" for shows to ask viewers to vote for them at award shows. “The very important thing, as you know as well, to be a real presenter, in terms of that kind of show, Loose Women, This Morning... those kinds of shows, you are not the star," Fern explained. “The person (and) the story is the star and I always wanted every guest to be comfortable. "To know that their story’s been told and they’ve been able to tell their story properly, fully, been listened to and heard.” READ MORE: Shane Warne dead: Australia cricket legend dies aged 52 She continued “That was the most important thing and is the most important thing." The mum-of-four went on to discuss when TV shows would be nominated for an award. "I couldn’t bear it then and I can’t bear it now," Fern admitted. "When all the programmes (are up) for the National Television Awards, they’re all, ‘You must vote for us! Vote for us! Vote for us', and you think, ‘How embarrassing is that?’ “I couldn’t bear to do that. People are going to vote for you if they like you." She added: “I couldn’t do it. Why would I? I’m not canvassing. We’re not the prime minister. It’s just to get a silly statue!” The presenter went on to show Fern an NTA which she ended up stealing from the show. "It's not the one I picked up," she joked. "When Richard and Judy left, they gave it to me. "It was just sat on a shelf and I went to a jewellers and got the name changed. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up [INSIGHT]Vera's Jac Williams star opens up on Kenny Doughty 'faking' scene [NEWS]Emmerdale return for Megan Macey after making deal with Kim Tate? [SPOILERS] Kate went on to tell her guest that she hasn't gotten a single award from any of the television shows she had been on. "Why would I? It was for the show," the host said. Elsewhere in the interview, the former X Factor presenter asked Fern whether she missed the manic pace of life with This Morning. "Five days a week on live telly, London traffic, school runs, I mean, the chaos,” Kate quizzed. “Hmm, that was very much a part of me," Fern went on to admit. “So, a part of me does miss that and when I do go to London I’m quite excited. “It's also just wonderful to come here. I mean, this is the first time in a week at least that I’ve put some makeup on, for you. “Now, normally I haven’t got makeup on for about a month but I’ve had a couple of these [interviews] recently." This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.