Industry regulator Ofgem confirmed earlier this year that the energy price cap will rise, resulting in the average household bill in the UK rising by £693 a year. In a recent poll of pensioners carried out by Age UK, 24 percent of older households admitted that they will be in “fuel stress” when energy bills go up in April. Fuel stress is the term used to describe households who spend more than 10 percent of their after-tax income on energy bills to continue having an average standard of warmth. Recent research carried out by Age UK found that the energy price cap hike will affect the poorest 10 percent of older households in the UK, many of whom rely on the state pension. Of this group, 51 percent admitted that they are already living under fuel stress, which is predicted to rise to 91 percent in April if there is no intervention by the UK Government. Earlier this year, the Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced the £150 council tax rebate to assist vulnerable people in paying their energy bills. However, Age UK is warning that the number of older households in fuel stress will jump to 82 percent next month, even if this means of support stays in place. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim In light of this concerning development, the charity is lobbying the Government to promote and actively get more people on benefits which could assist them financially, such as Pension Credit. Administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), Pension Credit gives claimants extra cash to assist with living expenses if they are over the state pension age and on a low income. State pensioners are speaking out about their experiences ahead of next month’s energy bill rise, in the off chance further support is introduced. One campaigner for Age UK said: “This is a one bedroom flat and I already can't afford to heat it properly. “I sometimes go to bed early just to keep warm. I am 78 and have a heart condition.” Caroline Abrahams, the Charity Director of Age UK, explained: “The current energy price crisis is a nightmare for all of us, but particularly for older people on low and modest incomes. “Many struggle at the best of times to manage on their state pension but the energy bill hikes we are now seeing pose a real threat to their standard of living. "However frugal they are, as things stand they simply do not have enough money coming in to cope with such steep rises. “Unfortunately, the support package offered by the Chancellor last month was nowhere near enough, falling several hundred pounds a year short of the average energy price rises that are coming down the track. “How is an older person or couple on a low fixed income supposed to make up the difference?” She added: “The Government has no answer and meanwhile, older people up and down the country are telling us that they are horrified by the letters they’re receiving from their energy companies, making it clear that their bills are set to rise beyond anything they’ve seen before. “Without a more generous package of support, targeted at those on low and modest incomes, there can be no doubt that hundreds of thousands more older people will be forced to cut back on heating, food, or other essentials, in the process putting their own health at risk. Some are saying that their anxiety about what is to come is already wearing them down. “These are hugely worrying times, but there is more the Government could – and should – be doing to mitigate the risks for our older population who, for the sake of their health, need to keep adequately warm. “It’s a sad fact that many pensioners live in older homes that are difficult and expensive to heat, increasing the risks to them of this energy price crisis.” A Government spokesperson said: “We recognise the pressures people are facing with the cost of living, which is why we’re providing support worth £21billion this financial year and next to help. “This includes putting an average of £1,000 more per year into the pockets of working families via changes to Universal Credit, freezing fuel duties to keep costs down and helping households with their energy bills through our £9.1billion Energy Bills Rebate. “We want pensioners to receive all the support to which they are entitled. Our Winter Fuel Payments are supporting over 11 million pensioners with their energy bills and we are continuing to encourage those eligible for Pension Credit, and the wide range of other benefits it can provide, to make a claim.”