The Ukrainian President met German MPs via videolink from Kyiv to discuss how the Bundestag could assist Ukraine during Vladimir Putin's brutal invasion. But Mr Zelensky appeared to take a dig at Germany for its reliance on Russian fossil fuels, which he claims has hindered an effective German response. This is despite years of warnings about the dangers of cosying up with Putin.  It comes after Germany refused to support the EU's masterplan to completely scupper energy ties with Russia, noting that it is still too reliant on Putin's gas to part ways. But Mr Zelensky said that Germany's focus on "business, business, business" has hampered any chance of a strong response. He appealed to German Chancellor Olaf Scholz: "Dear Mr Scholz, tear down this wall. "Give Germany the leadership role that you in Germany deserve." He added that Germany would be “ashamed” if it did not ramp up its efforts to help Ukraine. Mr Zelensky also stressed that Ukraine had warned Germany about the dangers of striking a deal for the Nord Stream pipelines. He said: "We turned to you. "We told you that Nord Stream (gas pipelines) was a kind of preparation for the war. Ukraine had constantly claimed Putin was using gas as a geopolitical weapon and strongly opposed the new project. The US urged Mr Scholz to abandon the project as a point of "leverage" over Putin to discourage an invasion. But up until he cancelled the project, the US had grown frustrated with Mr Scholz's silence on the matter. Mr Zelenksy's "wall" references are likely a deliberate reminder of the Berlin wall, which separated East and West Berlin until 1989, finally crumbling down towards the end of the Soviet Union's break-up. DON'T MISS Putin blinks first: Bumper gas supplies sent to EU [REVEAL] UK to avoid Putin's EU energy wrath as huge new gas field found [INSIGHT] EU civil war: France and Spain lock horns over new pipeline [REPORT] But that was not the only historical reference he made in his powerful speech. He also said: "I appeal to you in the name of all the Ukrainians who survived the [Second World] War, who 80 years ago lived through [German] occupation, through Babyn Yar" Babyn Yar was a site in Kyiv where the SS killed over 33,000 Jews in two days. Mr Zelensky added: "You said this could never be repeated. Once again, there is an attempt in Europe to destroy an entire people. Why? Why? For what reason? “I appeal to you in the name of the soldiers who defend the values of our country, the values you often speak of here in Europe: that people can live in freedom and not be subjugated to a country that thinks we belong to it.” 