Mikel Arteta has reportedly made it clear that he wants at least three new players to arrive this summer with a host of names being linked to the Emirates. Signing an attacker is paramount with both Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah set to leave as free agents. Dusan Vlahovic was their main target in January as Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's replacement, hinting at the kind of world-class striker Arsenal are hoping to bring in. But it's also in midfield where Arsenal will likely bring in reinforcements as well, despite the strong form of Thomas Partey and Granit Xhaka playing in behind Martin Odegaard. Those two areas are expected to be the main focal point for Arsenal in the summer transfer window and Stan Kroenke may need to stump up £184million to get what Arteta wants. Alexander Isak appears to be Arsenal's main target after they missed out on Vlahovic in January. Real Sociedad are reportedly willing to listen to offers this summer with Isak's release clause set at £75m. According to AS, Arsenal will face heavy competition from both Manchester United and Newcastle for Isak's signature. JUST IN: Steven Gerrard scrutinises Des Kelly's questions in spiky interview  But a second attacker may well be signed to help Arsenal's lack of depth up front and Darwin Nunez is also on the club's radar. According to Portuguese publication Record, Benfica have slapped a £67m price tag on the forward. It is claimed that his release clause has increased following his match winner against Ajax in the Champions League. In midfield, Arsenal look likely to revive their interest in Ruben Neves after failing to steal him away from Wolves in January. Barcelona had also been interested in the midfielder, but AS claim they've pulled out of the running due to Wolves' asking price of £42m. Arsenal were the Premier League's biggest spenders last summer and signing all three players mentioned above would see them top the £150m figure they used on Odegaard, Ben White, Aaron Ramsdale, Takehiro Tomiyasu, Albert Sambi Lokonga and Nuno Tavares. DON'T MISS  Players will likely need to be sold in order to help fund their transfer plans this summer with Bernd Leno, Hector Bellerin and Ainsley Maitland-Niles tipped to leave permanently. The wage bill will also be reduced with Lacazette and Mohamed Elneny on expiring contracts. If Arteta does get the signings he wants this summer then the Spaniard will be under significant pressure to push Arsenal further up the table. It's clear to see the progress Arsenal have made this season with their young guns pushing for a top-four finish. There will be a welcome return to the Champions League should they finish the season strong, but Arsenal fans will want to see even more improvements next year. The Gunners are currently on track, but this summer's window will be paramount to how quickly they can soon begin challenging at the top.