Manchester United have been left red-faced after French publication L’Equipe revealed that four of the top five earners in the Premier League ply their trade at Old Trafford. United have been dismal at times this season and face a huge battle just to land a fourth-place league finish. There was plenty of hope in the north west last summer after United put together what they believed would be a team which could compete for trophies, and they began the campaign in stellar form. But the Red Devils suffered a precipitous downturn in fortunes over the autumn and quickly fell behind the top flight’s top teams. And following a 4-1 thrashing at the hands of Watford in November, former boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was given his marching orders as the club appointed Ralf Rangnick until the end of the season. But Rangnick hasn’t fared all that well and United are now four points behind fourth-placed Arsenal, having played one more match than the Gunners. The Red Devils also succumbed to Atletico Madrid in the Champions League earlier this month after being knocked out of the FA Cup and Carabao Cup in the early stages of both competitions. And their dismal season is even more frustrating given the amount of money they are paying their stars. MUST READ: Newcastle join Arsenal, Spurs and Man Utd in race for Victor Osimhen  According to L’Equipe, Cristiano Ronaldo is the highest earner in the Premier League and is set to take home a staggering £26.4million from his first season back at Old Trafford. Goalkeeper David de Gea is the third highest earner in England after being handed a contract worth £19.2m per year. Fourth on the list is Jadon Sancho, who is rewarded for his endeavours with £18m every year, while fifth-placed Raphael Varane is given 15.6m. The only player in the top five who doesn’t play for United is Manchester City’s Kevin De Bruyne, who earns £20.4m. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message       United could be excused for paying their players such prodigious amounts of cash if it meant they were successful. But the Red Devils are a shadow of the team they once were and look unlikely to be able to dominate English football any time soon. So their approach of throwing money at problems just isn’t working. And by the looks of it, the club are seriously overpaying their players anyway. If the likes of Manchester City, Liverpool and Chelsea can win trophies without having to shell out those sort of wages, it really should be obvious that United’s bill payers are being short-changed.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here