Spotify CEO Daniel Ek has made it clear on a number of occasions that he's hopeful of buying Arsenal from the Kroenke family, but his latest business venture may put that on hold. After Stan Kroenke's involvement in the Super League debacle, fans were crying for the American owner to walk away from the club. Ek then stoked the flames by expressing an interest in buying the club and even made an approach. He made a bid of £1.8billion in May last year to buy the north London club with the Spotify owner confident Kroenke would at least listen to the offer. More compelling for Ek and Arsenal fans was the fact club legends such as Thierry Henry and Patrick Vieira all supported the takeover bid. Ek was in the stands for Arsenal's 3-1 win over Tottenham back in September, alongside Henry. And the iconic forward said at the time that "we are here to stay", suggesting Ek would not back down from buying the club. The Kroenke's have indicated on numerous occasions that the club is not for sale, but Ek appears keen to challenge that stance. JUST IN: Arsenal encouraged to bring back Wenger in to close gap on challengers  However, his latest move with Spotify could challenge his attempt to buy Arsenal. Spotify have agreed a mega £235million deal with Barcelona to gain naming rights for the Nou Camp. Barcelona announced on their website that Spotify will become the club's main sponsor from next season in a long-term agreement. It now remains to be seen what Spotify's agreement with Barcelona means for Ek's intentions on buying Arsenal. Josh Kroenke has seemingly made a more concerted effort to hold a dialogue with Arsenal fans after their involvement in the controversial Super League. And the Arsenal director, speaking last month, believes the club are on track for a "really bright future". DON'T MISS  “Now that we have 100 per cent of the club, we’ve had it only since 2018, we’re laying the foundations of a really bright future,” said Kroenke. “I think if any of the Arsenal fanbase wants to look at our teams here in North America, which surprisingly they don’t do very often. I don’t think they don’t care, they are really curious as to how we do our operations. ‘How do you do this? How do you do that? How do you want to do this?’ “Really what I just say is we’re very proud - over here [in America] we draft and develop - at Arsenal we have an amazing academy, where these kids come through and work their way up. “So you see the foundation of the culture that I talked about starting to take shape and I think you see it starting to manifest itself on the pitch. “We’re sitting in sixth in the league, we need to be higher, our goals are to be higher, but to be there with the youngest squad in the Premier League, I think is something every Arsenal fan should get behind.”