Top Boy explores life on crime-riddled housing estates where drug-dealing is hard to escape. The Netflix drama hasn't been seen since 2019 but the wait is almost over as new episodes are on the horizon. Express.co.uk has everything you need to know to watch Top Boy season two. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Top Boy. Netflix announced its second series of Top Boy would be on the way in 2020. Filming was underway in December two years ago but shooting of the new series was halted thanks to the coronavirus pandemic. The worldwide outbreak pushed the popular show's schedule back like many others across the globe. Nevertheless, an announcement has been made to get Top Boy fans excited. READ MORE: Blue Bloods delayed: Reagan family drama won't air next week A promotional video was released via the show's official Twitter account to reveal the good news. The clip showed a billboard being put up in central London to highlight Top Boy's return to Netflix. Along with the video, the tweet reads: "We know you've been asking for the Top Boy date for a while now. "Here you go - on London's biggest billboard so it can't be missed. Top Boy returns March 18". So there isn't too much longer to go before Top Boy is back with season two premiering on Friday, March 18, on Netflix. As with previous series, all 10 episodes are going to be released in one go so fans will have the option of binge-watching the drama over the weekend. The second season will see the return of actors Ashley Walters and Kano reprise their roles of Dushane and Sully respectively. They are once again going to be joined by Little Simz, Kadeem Ramsay, Micheal Ward, Jasmine Jobson, Jolade Obasola, Lisa Dwan and Saffron Hocking. DON'T MISS...Vera star Brenda Blethyn on refusing to return to ITV series  [CAST]What’s the difference between Top Boy and Top Boy Summerhouse? [EXPLAINER]Top Boy music: What is the Top Boy soundtrack?  [MUSIC] Previously talking about the upcoming series to NME, actor Walters said: "The scripts are really good, really tight. "We’re coming at it from a new perspective this time, because I’m executive producing on this one, so creatively and script-wise I’m much more involved. "It’s been difficult, but rest assured to everyone listening or watching, we’ve got another banger for ya. It’s definitely going to be good." After the previous series finale, Walters' character could find himself in trouble when Top Boy returns. Dushane visited his enemy Jamie (Micheal Ward) in prison, offering to work with him on the outside so they could become the biggest drug supplies in London. He said he could help him get out of prison as well as he knew the green backpack didn't belong to Jamie but to Atticus (Keiyon Cook). But little does Dushane know that the police are secretly investigating him so will his determination to get to the top lead to his downfall? Top Boy season 2 will premiere on Friday, March 18, on Netflix.