Washing machines are used every day by many households, but one expert is warning Britons to be more careful when it comes to chucking items into the machine. Deyan Dimitrov, CEO of Laundryheap, has shared the items which should be kept away from the machine in order to avoid doing more harm than good. The expert explained: “Coins and keys…it goes without saying that no one would put these items in their washing machines on purpose, but you should take extra care not to throw them in by mistake. “The metal can damage your washing machine’s drain pump and scratch its interior, so make sure to always check your pockets before putting a load on.” Pockets should also be checked for tissues, which can be forgotten about. Although they won’t damage the machine, they can get stuck to all items in the machine, meaning it’ll need to be put on for another wash. READ MORE: Houseplants: ‘Pest-free’ indoor plants which are ‘easy to care for’ The expert also warned against putting ties in for a wash. Deyan said: “Most ties are made from delicate fabrics, such as silk or wool, and run the risk of shrinking, losing their shape and staining other clothes during a quick washing machine cycle. “To keep them smelling fresh and in good shape, I would recommend hand washing them, or having them cleaned professionally.” Silk items may also need to be cleaned professionally in order for them to keep their shape. DON'T MISS:Why now is the ‘best ever’ time to sell your property [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share 29p tip to keep blankets fluffy - ‘works a treat’ [INSIGHT]Gardening: ‘Vital’ tip to help fruit trees flourish this summer [EXPERT] The expert added: “Most silk items require dry cleaning treatments, as the high temperatures and spin cycles of a washing machine can cause delicate fabrics to tear, shrink and lose their shape. “You may also run the risk of staining other clothes in your washing load, as dyes from coloured skills can often run onto other fabrics.” External embellishments such as sequins, buttons and zips should also be avoided. This is because they can easily become damaged in the washing machine if not properly protected during a wash. Deyan explained: “Zips and buttons could get caught in your machine’s tub, or cause damage to other items in your washing load. “Make sure to zip and button up all your items before putting them in a wash. “Sequins and jewelled clothing are particularly delicate, and may fall off during a cycle and become lodged amongst other clothing, so I would recommend sponging off any dirt or stains from this material, before seeking cleaning help from a professional service.” Similarly, baby clothing can also get caught in the machine due to the size of them. The expert said baby socks in particular should be popped into small mesh bags to avoid losing them as they can get caught inside the draining vents inside the machine. Deyan added: “There are also several risks when it comes to putting bras in the washing machine. “Not only can their underwriting damage your washing machine’s tub, but their clasps could also tear other delicate items in your laundry load. “Additionally, if clasps get caught inside the walls of your washing machine’s tub, your bras may stretch excessively during a cycle, which can damage their delicate materials and original shape.”