Paris Saint-Germain are not ruling out the sales of Lionel Messi or Neymar this summer with the MLS earmarked as a potential destination for both attackers, should they leave the Parc des Princes. That's according to reports in France, where it's claimed the club's Qatari owners are continuing to assess the future of the squad in the aftermath of the Champions League defeat to Real Madrid. Mauricio Pochettino's job remains under threat as a result of the collapse as PSG's quest for their first-ever European Cup rumbles on. Yet with Kylian Mbappe expected to leave, PSG need to plan ahead and consider their future carefully. If they are going to continue investing big money on the squad, they want to see success on the field. L'Equipe are now reporting that neither Messi or Neymar are guaranteed to stay beyond this summer and the MLS remains the most-likely destination for either player if they left PSG. READ MORE: Man Utd and Ajax 'have already discussed' Erik ten Hag announcement and compensation fee That's because both stars have already talked up the idea of a venture in the United States before they hang up their boots. Messi is 35 this summer and will have just one year remaining on his contract with PSG. Meanwhile, Neymar still has three years on his current deal - meaning he will be in no rush to move on. Neymar has already declared his interest in moving to the MLS post-PSG, snubbing the chance to commit to a return to Brazil. DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt  DON'T MISS Real Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argument Mauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John Murtough Kylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt  “I don’t know, I have some doubts about that. I don’t know if I’ll play in Brazil again,” Neymar recently said. “I’d love to play in the U.S. actually. I'd love to play there at least for a season.” MLS commissioner Don Garber has since warned the South American superstars that he doesn't want them to treat the league like a retirement home. “Anybody could sign Messi today and pay him what they want to pay him as a designated player, should Lionel decide that he wants to play Major League Soccer – and that's the same for Neymar or any other player," Garber said. “We want our story to be about young players who are coming here at the earliest stages in their career or in the prime of their careers. “You know, you've got players that are coming at 30 - personally I don't think 30 is old when you're a Major League Soccer player. “But if they're not here to come and play and be a great contributor to their club and to our league and to respect the league and its fans, then we don't want them in Major League Soccer.” Zlatan Ibrahimovic proved a major hit in the MLS before returning to Europe with AC Milan.