 The Duchess of Cambridge's relationship with her sister-in-law Meghan Markle continues to dominate royal discussion, and in recent days claims of a further rift between the pair have resurfaced. Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty magazine, noted that while Kate would be "cordial" with Meghan should the American return for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations this year, tensions could bubble beneath the surface. She said the pair will likely display public affection on meeting once again, with a view to repairing any “feud” that may have lingered between them.     The royal expert told the Daily Mirror: "She will be sure to be photographed kissing or hugging her. "She knows there is no point in prolonging a feud that has the opportunity of being repaired." During her time in the Royal Family Kate’s ability to put on a strong public front has been proven time and again. This included when she took on her first public speaking roles, tasks that royal expert Camilla Tominey argued she was not initially well versed in.     Speaking during the BBC’s podcast, Images of Diana, in 2017, Ms Tominey said: “I also think it’s difficult for Kate individually because I think she’s intrinsically quite shy, “I think she could give herself more credit by speaking more.” “She’s had this crippling fear of public speaking which Arthur [Edwards, royal photographer] and I have seen first hand — and the rest of the people in the press pack — when she has had to address crowds that she needs to get over. “Because if the royals are to be modern and very 21st century, princesses need to be heard as well as seen.” JUST IN: Kate allows 'an intimacy we don’t often get' into private life  Ms Tominey has since talked at length about Kate and how she has grown into her royal role, recently noting that the Duchess had become  "arguably the most powerful person in the Royal Family. Speaking in a Telegraph video late last year, she said: "When it comes to their generation, you could say [Kate and Prince William] are ruling the royal roost." In a separate publication, this time for the Telegraph's weekly newsletter, Your Royal Appointment, she added that while Camilla "will be the next Queen (on paper at least) [...] Kate will rule the waves". Talking about Kate’s ability to stay composed in public, Ms Seward told the Mirror that even if there was an active rift, the pair's frostiness would never be aired in public. DON'T MISS:Meghan & Sophie ‘unhappy in each other’s company' - expert suggests [INSIGHT]Kate's fans hit back over claims to stop 'trying to be like Diana' [LATEST]Kate’s humble reaction after being called ‘beautiful and perfect’ [ANALYSIS]    Talking about Kate’s ability to stay composed in public, Ms Seward told the Mirror that even if there was an active rift, the pair's frostiness would never be aired in public. She added that the Duchess would push her own feelings to one side because "that is part of her job," concluding: "Her private feelings have to remain just that." Reports of a fallout between the two in-laws were raised last year after Meghan discussed her relationship with Kate during the now famous Oprah Winfrey interview. Meghan, who is married to Kate's brother-in-law, Prince Harry, claimed Kate was "upset about something" and raised her feelings on the matter with the former actress. She said: "But she owned it, and she apologised. And she brought me flowers."     Though Kate hasn't formally discussed Meghan's landmark interview last year, she has talked about how she was aware of having to be "silent" in the media as a member of the Royal Family. During the Amazon Prime documentary, Chasing the Royals, commentator Andrew Pierce said: “She [Kate] has entered into a Faustian pact. “She will be quiet, she will be obedient, she’ll be dutiful. “She will look beautiful. She’ll do the right thing. And if she gets too bored — too bad." In 2010, a year before Kate and William tied the knot, he said: “Buy another tiara, bake some more cakes, have another party in Wales, hold a banquet, do some charity work, be a lady who lunches — but you’re not going to rock the boat, you’re not going to brief the media. “And,  unlike Diana, you will not talk to the media directly or indirectly.” Some experts, like Katie Nicholl, suggest that Kate was upset over Meghan’s comments about her during the Oprah interview because of the “never complain, never explain” mantra the Royal Family follows. Ms Nicholl discussed how Kate looked "hurt and saddened" in her first appearance after Meghan's interview was aired in 2021. She also noted that Kate did not say anything about it because she “is not in a position to respond”. She told OK! Magazine: “Kate felt it was all sorted, so to have it brought up again was mortifying. “Kate is not in a position to respond and Meghan and Harry know that.”