Putin's bloody path over his shared border with Ukraine appears to have encountered trouble recently, with fierce resistance halting advancing troops while they carry out the Russian government's orders. Recent intensification has seen military raids target civilian structures, such as a theatre, maternity hospital and art school where hundreds had found shelter. Unlike Ukraine, Russia has encountered significant trouble in courting allies, as even citizens of neighbouring Russian-speaking nations have distanced themselves from Putin's war. Is Latvia a member of NATO? So far, only Belarusian premier Alexander Lukashenko has unequivocally allied himself with Putin, committing Belarus' military to action in Ukraine alongside Russia. Fears remain for other countries along the border with Russia, such as Finland and Georgia, both recently targeted in threats from Putin. They lack the protection other nearby countries might, with NATO a stone's throw away but otherwise out of reach. READ MORE: Russian ambassador's chilling warning to NATO with hint at 'plans' As a NATO nation on Russia's doorstep, Latvia is not one of them. Sections of Latvia once fell under the control of the Russian empire until the 19th century, meaning the Russian people and language remain embedded in the local population. Of approximately 1.9 million people, 26.9 percent identified as ethnically Russian, and 37.2 percent spoke the language as of 2011. Latvia joined NATO in 2004, nearly 15 years after leaving the USSR. A "great majority" of locals supported the move, driven by then-president Dr Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga, who also integrated the country with the EU. While it has a comparatively small active military population, it can rely on NATO's collaborative framework. If Russia to Latvia's east or Belarus to the south were to move into the country's territory, every member would spring to its defence. That would include the US, UK and every neighbouring Eastern European NATO nation, such as Lithuania, Bulgaria and Estonia. Much like Belarus and Russia, while many people living in Latvia speak Russian and come from the country, they don't support Putin's actions. Daugavpils, the capital of one of Latvia's largest Russian-speaking regions, is accepting Ukrainian refugees. In a report published on Politico, local journalist Gordon F Sander covered a meeting held by "a dozen or so" parents who had recently arrived from the country. Although Putin had invaded Ukraine in the name of Russian speaking Ukrainian provinces he claimed were victims of "genocide", their counterparts in Latvia appeared nothing but welcoming to the refugees. One mother in attendance raised fears that her children may become bullying targets for local pro-Russian children as they adapted to a new school life. But dispelling her fears, another explained that while they spoke Russian, it didn't mean they supported the population. She said: “We have many cultures here under our roof.” Mr Sander said that Daugavpils was a predominantly Russian area of Latvia that had proven unabashedly pro-Ukraine, with open and wholehearted support to those fleeing conflict.