George Russell has echoed Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in stating the Silver Arrows are a "step behind" their rivals after pre-season testing finished on Saturday. Mercedes came into Bahrain this week as the talk of the paddock with their bold new sidepod design. Reports had indicated that rival teams were fearful of the performance the W13 had shown in simulators. Every driver came in to take a closer look at the Mercedes ahead of pre-season testing on Thursday. But it's been far from an ideal testing period for Mercedes as both drivers have complained of issues over the three days. Ferrari and Red Bull in particular look to have set the benchmark early on with Max Verstappen impressing in the final test session on Saturday. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton makes alarming Mercedes admission  Neither Christian Horner or Carlos Sainz are convinced that Mercedes have shown their full potential in Bahrain though. The Red Bull team principal believes Mercedes are hiding something ahead of the first race of the season. But Hamilton has downplayed those claims, insisting he doesn't feel as though they're currently capable of competing for race wins with their current car. And Russell agrees with his team-mate's assessment, claiming there is still plenty of work to do for Mercedes to catch up to their rivals - especially Ferrari. DON'T MISS  “It’s definitely bouncing around from within," Russell said after observing the rival cars. "It’s not the comfiest in all honesty, but I don’t really care about comfort if the performance is there. “But at the moment the performance isn’t there, we do seem a step behind our rivals. "We do have a lot of work to do between now and next week to understand [it], because in every condition the Red Bull and Ferrari seem a step ahead of us.” He added: "It’s pretty clear where we’re limited, you’ve only got to watch the videos and you see us bouncing a lot, it’s not putting the car in the right window. “The team are working incredibly hard to try and find solutions for this, we’ve yet to find one, but that doesn’t mean we won’t be able to find one ahead of next week or later in the season, this is a long game. "I do believe the performance is there somewhere, we’ve just got to find it.”