Spring is all about new beginnings and adding a touch of colour to a home. While spring cleaning can be a chore, maybe it’s the perfect opportunity to give your interior a makeover. Amy Wilson, interior designer for 247 Curtains and Lucy Ackroyd, head of design at Christy, have collated their top interior trends for spring 2022. The interior experts said this season is all about bigger and bolder colours, adding brave splashes of colour and creating a sanctuary. Here are the top interior trends for spring 2022: Clashing colours may sound like a throwback to seventies wallpaper, but contrasting colours can look great if they’re put together in the correct way. Amy said homeowners should “not be afraid” to play with contrasting colours, but should ensure to keep patterns “limited” and tones “the same”. The interior expert said: “Start with changing or recovering the cushions on your sofa and then consider a bold print in your window framed by painting out your window recess in a bright coordinating colour, picked out of the fabric.” Lucy agreed and said spring is the season of “new beginnings” which means it’s time to integrate border colours. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home She continued: “Choose a fiery red bedding to bring that energising boost, an ochre yellow throw to recall the sunnier days ahead and a sweet raspberry colour to add a dramatic and chic touch to your home.” Interior pro Amy said “strong, bold and striking” patterns for spring 2022 are “trending”. Stripes have been around for years and are a “bold and timeless” option for window and floor coverings. Stripes are also a great way to add a pattern to existing room layouts without them appearing busy. Lucy said patterns can “elevate” an interior by adding depth and an element of surprise. She continued: “Patterned accessories can bring character into your home and also fit in with the surrounding environment. “The secret is to choose patterns that will catch the eye with unexpected colour pairings like romantic floral patterns for bedding and deep blue sea and lime green striped towels. “To inject some of that warm spring weather into your bedroom, why not choose botanical-inspired bedding?  DON'T MISSCleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home [INSIGHT]Huge mistake people make when painting walls and how to avoid it [UPDATE]DIY savvy woman saves ‘thousands’ transforming caravan for only £140 [ANALYSIS] “From delicate flower patterns to a refreshing leaves design, the options to elegantly update your space are endless!” Green colours such as sage and forest green are trending and can easily be incorporated into an interior space. They can be added in using accessories, plants and soft furnishings without having to get a paint pot out. For those who don’t have green fingers, botanical prints can be a great way to incorporate greenery and nature without purchasing houseplants. Bold jungle prints, delicate florals and botanical wallpapers are all ways to add a touch of green. Amy also suggested going for green blinds and curtains to draw the eye outside. She “especially recommended” using green shades in the bedroom to create a “calming” space. Lucy added: “With nature-inspired interiors being one of the hottest trends for interiors in 2022, colours blurring the line between the outside and inside space are now widely popular.  Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Green is easy to integrate into your home as its softer tones, like sage or deep forest, recall a sense of tranquillity and can bring a modern zen-inspired twist to your interiors. “Choose among emerald, khaki and sage soft furnishings to achieve this.” Waves are being seen in soft furnishings and architecture right now and can easily add a touch of softness to a room. Examples include cushions with trims, “ric-rac” wave paint as borders and curved armchairs. The coronavirus pandemic meant that many homes across the country had to adapt and become more multifunctional. However, with restrictions largely lifted, its time to start creating a more luxurious space in the home.    Amy suggested doing this by changing the scent of your home with diffusers, or by adding a space where you can relax. In the bedroom, lighting is key for creating an atmosphere and for a good night’s sleep. She added: “Blackout blinds, combined with soft bedside lamps and some beautiful blankets layered up on the bed will help ease you gently into sleep as well as giving your bedroom a stylish hotel-inspired look.” Lucy said: “To recreate that spa-like experience in your bathroom, focus on calming colour hues to set the right mood. “Tones such as serene navy blue, soothing brushed grey and a graceful sorrento pink for your bedding are timeless and elegant touches that can promote peacefulness in an intimate environment like the bedroom.”