The Loose Women panel were left open-mouthed following Starstruck judge Adam Lambert's use of strong language on the ITV talk show. The American singer was invited onto Wednesday's instalment to discuss ITV's talent show Starstruck as well as performing with Queen. However, the 40-year-old was left red-faced after being scolded for swearing. Adam is part of the judging panel on Starstruck alongside Sheridan Smith, Beverley Knight and Jason Manford. The show sees groups of contestants get transformed into their music icons before they take to a stage to battle it out for a place in the final. Adam spoke to the Loose Women panel about critiquing acts on the ITV show who have impersonated the likes of Freddie Mercury, Amy Winehouse and Lady Gaga. He said: "I always try to be helpful, it's not anyone's dream to get on stage and be ripped apart. READ MORE: Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv? "If I see something I think they could improve on, especially if they have another round to go, I mention it in a nice way." Adam, who rose to fame after making it to the final of American Idol in 2009, then let a swear word slip out of his mouth live on air when talking about his own experience on the show. He added: "I remember being in their position on American Idol and you have to get able to kind of laugh it off and take the p*** out of yourself." The Loose Women panel looked on in shock and Linda Robson chimed in saying: "I don't think you were allowed to say that."  Nadia Sawalha interjected: "I think it's hilarious that she is correcting you on this." Christine tried to calm the situation down and issued an apology to viewers at home following the use of bad language. She added: "It sounds slightly different in an American accent but I do apologise for that." Adam told viewers he was also "sorry" for his choice of language while the panel were chuckling on either side of him. DON'T MISS...Brian May health: Star reveals brutal symptoms of heart attack [INSIGHT]Brian May 'lost interest' in Adam Lambert collaboration on Queen song [UPDATE]Brian May sends love to Ukraine and promises 'We will rock again!' [MUST SEE] They soon focused the conversation on Starstruck's Freddie Mercury impersonators which Adam said "sounded just like" the late Queen frontman. Adam performs alongside the active members of Queen where he tours around the world singing the band's most-loved hits. Talking about performing alongside Queen, Adam explained: "When I was on American Idol they were asked to perform in the finale so we met for the first time there. "It did feel like something clicked and then not very long after that they came and called and said they had an opportunity for me."  Adam revealed he agreed but felt crowds would be "really tough" on him, but he has now been part of the band for a decade. The star said it was a great privilege to "bask in their legacy" while touring in arenas across the globe. Original Queen members Biran May and Roger Taylor perform alongside Adam and are set to play in London this summer. Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV. 