  Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two presenter Rylan Clark has left his followers on the edge of their seats following the news that he will be sharing a “little announcement” this evening. After joking that he was “not pregnant”, the star went on to apologise that the news would not be Big Brother-related, much to the disappointment of the former reality show star's fans.      Rylan, 33, shared a short, but intriguing, message with his 1.6 million followers on Twitter today. The former X Factor star wrote: “Little announcement 6pm (I’m not pregnant).” He then followed it up with an apology, adding: “Not big bro related soz. Trust me I wish it was x.” Rylan posted the same “little announcement” tease to his instagram, with a GIF of the number 10 decorated with sparklers. READ MORE: ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home    The star’s followers were left wondering what he might be about to tell them, as they took to the comments section. Rylan’s clarification came after numerous people asked about the return of hit show Big Brother. Marcus Bentley asked: “Is Big Brother coming back?" While Rois commented: “Is Big Brother back? The world needs it.”       “Big brother coming back omg yes I knew it!!!!” Dave wrote excitedly. Rylan won Celebrity Big Brother in 2013 and returned to the show as a presenter in later years, but it seems he has other plans in store. Other people had some amusing guesses for what Rylan’s news could be. Camilla Morgan asked: “Are you the new James Bond?” READ MORE... Kate Humble was 'vile' to husband Ludo amid work struggle [INSIGHT] Susanna Reid ‘sacrificing extra work projects to find a new beau' [NEWS] Louise Minchin, 53, braves freezing cold temperatures in swimwear [NEWS]      While TinyTails joked: “Please say you're going to be the next Doctor Who. I'm casting on-scarf on its way!” (sic) Brogan Ashton quipped: “Will you be topping Rishi’s announcement and help us with energy prices plz?” (sic) Thomas Skinner commented: “Weeehheeyy can’t wait for Rylan to announce he’s opening the next Bosh Beds shop at 6pm today!! “Poster will be live soon. Love you mate, you're smashing it. True inspiration!!” he added with laughing emojis. (sic)      In reference to the ongoing Chelsea Football Club controversy, Nigel Price wrote: “I knew that the boy had done well but didn't realise he was in a position to buy Chelsea FC.” While Emmerson added: “Representing the Uk in Eurovision 23?” Rylan will return to host Eurovision this year after dropping out in 2021. The presenter will be back to report on the various European acts alongside Scott Mills in May.   