According to the Department for Transport, new residential homes and buildings will be required to have an electric car charging point, from June 15, 2022. Any new residential buildings with associated parking must have access to electric vehicle charge points. The number of parking spaces with access to an EV charger must be the total number of associated parking spaces, where there are fewer associated parking spaces than there are dwellings contained in the residential building. Cable routes must be installed in any parking spaces which do not have an EV charge point where a new residential building has more than 10 parking spaces, or where there are more parking spaces than dwellings. Tomas Edwards, Head of Marketing at GoWithFlow, believes the new law is an important step to ensure the transition to EV vehicles is as smooth as possible. He told Express.co.uk: “Proposals requiring new builds to install electric vehicle charge points, first discussed in 2019, mark a very necessary step in enabling decarbonised mobility. READ MORE: Drivers choosing petrol over EVs could lose £5,000 “The proposed law change can be compared to the EU’s Energy Performance of Buildings Directive, in which new buildings and renovations including car parks are mandated to have the necessary connectivity for smart chargepoint installation. “This law is a necessity as reliance on a roadside, on-demand fuel supply model will not be cost efficient, nor will it be possible for an audience of majority-electric vehicle users. “Electricity prices are rapidly increasing, and further national demand will only heighten this trend. “Home charging, however, will remain cheaper and when you are buying the exact same product for a fraction of the price, customers are unlikely to tolerate spending more money elsewhere – except in exceptional circumstances.” DON'T MISSThirty year-old cars pulled from bottom of Scottish reservoir [SHOCKING]Millions of drivers risk jail and fines for Six Nations drink driving [WARNING]Petrol and diesel prices could smash £2 a litre by May [ANALYSIS] This law change is part of its wider plan to cut carbon emissions, with £1.3billion of investment being committed to electric vehicle charging infrastructure rollout. An additional £620million was committed at the 2021 Spending Review to targeted vehicle grants and infrastructure. The move also comes in the run-up to the Government’s ban on the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles in 2030, followed by a similar ban on new hybrids in 2035. Before the COP26 climate conference, Grant Shapps outlined the DfT’s plans to have all new road vehicles to be zero emission within the next two decades. The Government had already installed over 250,000 home and workplace chargers across the UK, with hopes of further investment in the coming years. Mr Edwards added: “The right infrastructure is vital for the widespread transition to electric vehicles. “To support this, it is key that places such as homes, workplaces, retail, health, and hospitality spaces going forward are developed to provide electricity-as-a-service, attracting, and maintaining customers in the process. “Government efforts to expand the electric charging network must happen at the infrastructural level like this in order to be effective. “Alternative options, such as rent-a-driveway schemes, have been around for years but will likely never see mass adoption because they rely on individuals to give up the freedom of use of their own charger and driveway for someone else. “Adapting infrastructure to bring charge points to the spaces that vehicle users already frequent, such as offices, retail destinations and homes, makes the change to electric vehicles far easier for consumers, both practically and psychologically.” The law will also require buildings undergoing large scale renovations to install EV charge points, provided they have more than 10 parking spaces. In November 2021, Boris Johnson praised the move, calling it a “pivotal moment”, with an estimated 145,000 EV chargers being installed as a result of the regulations.