The Paramount Network’s incredibly popular Western crime drama wrapped up its fourth season at the start of 2020. However, Yellowstone’s third season is arguably still the gold standard when it comes to the Dutton story, and a major reveal from Beth (played by Kelly Reilly) and Jamie’s (Wes Bentley) past is still having huge repercussions on the family of ranch-owners. Beth star Kelly confirmed she didn’t know the cause of her character’s feud with Jamie until they started filming the third season. In a revelatory flashback during Yellowstone’s 2020 run, it’s revealed Beth was sterilised when she asks for Jamie’s help to get an abortion. Her brother neglected to tell her the procedure at a Native American clinic would render her infertile, and they have been at each other’s throats ever since. However, showrunner Taylor Sheridan didn’t inform the actress of this particularly shocking twist until production on season three. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson crosses Russian border for The Grand Tour She recalled: “Well, I didn’t know that until the end of… gosh, it’s so hard to remember. “Looking back, when did I know? But certainly not until the season where it got revealed. I didn’t know.” Kelly and the rest of Yellowstone’s main cast recently spoke with Justin Kirkland for a deep-dive into the series for the SAG-AFTRA Foundation. Their conversation quickly veered towards Beth’s rivalry with her adopted brother, which became even more ferocious when she discovered he was still involved with Garrett Randall (Will Patton), who orchestrated the attack on her family. Although she didn’t know the exact catalyst for their feud, the actress always knew there was a moment in their history that sparked Beth’s hatred for her brother. “I did know that there was a betrayal, but I just didn’t know what it was,” Kelly explained. “And the betrayal was so painful because there was clearly so much love there.” While Beth has made it her life’s mission to humiliate Jamie, the flashbacks reveal she used to love her brother just as fiercely as she did the rest of the Duttons. DON'T MISS:Blue Bloods delayed: CBS drama won’t air until next month [UPDATE]Y1883’s Sam Elliott admits Shea told huge lie [INSIGHT]Love Is Blind’s Deepti addresses dating rumours with co-star [COMMENT] 1578745 Kelly continued: “I mean, if we see how Beth loves her family, how much she loves her father, how much she loves Kayce, how much she loves Rip. I mean, she really would die for them. “I imagine that’s how she felt about Jamie, at some point. So for the betrayal to be so tied in with a trauma that is obviously, clearly still goes unhealed in Beth. “And obviously she’s driven by loyalty, you know? She feels that Jamie is an enemy to the family. And if there’s an enemy to the family then there’s tunnel vision to destroy. It’s kill or be killed, and he’s included in that.” In the latest season, Jamie finally succumbed to Beth’s schemes when she convinced him to kill his own biological father out of revenge for the ambush at the end of season three. Jamie then found himself more under his sister’s thumb than ever when she took a photo of him beside Garrett’s corpse, ensuring he won’t ever be able to step out of line again. His humiliation has clearly only just begun, though, as Kelly reiterated the extent of Jamie’s betrayal won’t let Beth ever forget her long-standing grudge. She added: “We know the emotional backstory of the two of them because it’s so juicy, because it’s so painful, this current season we’ve just shot I feel that, when she’s on that bloodthirsty vendetta. "When she finds out that Jamie’s involved in that, I mean, we know that Beth is not going to hold back. And it’s just so brutal, and so dark.” Fans will have to wait and see how the Dutton dynamic evolves in season five, but it doesn’t look like Beth and Jamie will be healing their relationship any time soon. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on the Paramount Network in the USA now. A UK release date is yet to be announced.