The National Insurance threshold changes and income tax cut have been criticised for not helping those that are worst off in the current cost of living crisis. This includes those on Universal Credit with Mr Lewis noting the changes will see them only getting “half the gain” compared to other Britons.  It was hoped that Chancellor Rishi Sunak would postpone or scrap the National Insurance rise planned for April in yesterday’s Spring Statement. Rather, Mr Sunak increased the National Insurance threshold in line with income tax and additionally announced a cut to income tax in 2024. From July the National Insurance threshold will start at £12,570, with UK workers earning less than this not needing to pay National Insurance contributions. While this will save the typical employee around £330 per year, it has been criticised as not being helpful for Britons on benefits.   Mr Lewis shared on Twitter after the statement: “It is likely those that get Universal Credit will see around half the gain from the increase in National Insurance threshold eaten away due to tapering. “Universal Credit is based on net income, which will increase, so Universal Credit will drop." Alongside these announcements, Mr Sunak also revealed an additional £500million of support for the Household Support Fund which will be provided to local councils. Mr Lewis urged Britons to contact their local council to access these funds as they are intended to help the most economically vulnerable in the UK.     He shared:”I advise people get in touch with local council as there will be more money coming to support you. This will help the most vulnerable." Universal Credit and a range of other DWP benefits and payments like state pension will be increasing by 3.1 percent next month. These new amounts will be given to claimants in their April payment. Certain claimants may not receive their payments on the same day as usual due to the Easter bank holidays.  From next month, Universal Credit payments will increase as follows:  Universal Credit payments that fall on the following bank holidays will be adjusted to April 14: