The Sussexes' departure from the UK as they stepped back from their royal duties and relocated to California is said to have had a "relaxing" effect on the Duke. Adding to occasional appearances in which the 37-year-old prince has reiterated his focus on his and his family's mental wellbeing, pictures of Harry at a rodeo in Texas, wearing a cowboy hat and jeans, suggest he is embracing the freedom that comes with not being a working member of the Firm. She wrote last year: "The anger of the past has gone, and it has been replaced with a sense of purpose. "California is not just Harry's physical home for now – it is also his spiritual one, where nobody thinks anything of openly discussing their struggles. "And the Prince Harry we can't see is perhaps the one we don't want to – the one who is getting on just fine, happily following his own path outside the conventions we are used to seeing him in. Hiking. Taking the dogs to the beach." Harry, since leaving behind the struggles of royal life, is "speaking his truth in the hope of helping those who are unable to", Ms Gordon said. Royal commentator Omid Scobie, who co-authored Finding Freedom, said on Twitter the Duke is "living his best American life" as he shared a picture of him at the Stockyards Rodeo in Fort Worth. Ms Abraham, speaking of Harry's outfit at the event, wrote: "His look has evolved since his relocation to the monied valleys of Montecito in 2020. "Linen shirts have become a mainstay — in fact, it looks as if the prince is wearing one at the rodeo — as has a more relaxed, athletic aesthetic that's in keeping with LaLa Land's green juices and morning hikes." DON'T MISSAndrew breaks cover for first time since sex abuse settlement [INSIGHT]A look at Prince Charles' 'slimmed down' monarchy [EXPLAINER]Prince Charles ‘adored’ Meghan: ‘Welcomed her like a daughter’ [REVEAL] The image sparked excitement among royal fans. One user wrote: "Prince Harry enjoying and learning about American culture really is my favourite thing to see in 2022. I wonder what’s going to come of this visit!! Very excited." Another, Mariama, said: "He's truly out here living his best life and I love that for him." One more added: "That's our Harry. The global prince of hearts." The Duke, who lives in a $15million-mansion with his wife and their two children — two-year-old Archie and Lilibet, who celebrates her first birthday in June — has since March 2021 been the chief impact officer at BetterUp, a San Francisco-based start-up described as "the largest mental health and coaching company in the world" and currently valued at $4.7bn (£3.5bn). Last month, speaking at a virtual panel with the company, he shared some habits that help him fight against "burning the candle at both ends". He said: "I know I need to meditate every single day. Everyone has such busy days. If you have 15 minutes of white space... I allow half an hour or 45 minutes in the morning when one kid has gone to school and the other is having a nap." Claiming he had "experienced burn-out", the Duke added: "Some days are great, some days are really hard." Harry's openness about his struggles has often been praised as a great contribution to the destigmatisation of mental health issues among men.