Bridgerton season two hit viewers' screens on Friday after the long-awaited period drama finally returned. Over the last couple of weeks, actors from the show have been hinting at what viewers could expect to see in the new season as Viscount Anthony Bridgerton (played by Jonathan Bailey) looked for his Viscountess and fell in love with Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley). Also during the latest instalment, Penelope Featherington (Nicola Coughlan) was exposed as Lady Whistledown to Eloise Bridgerton (Claudia Jessie) and her downfalls alongside the betrayal of the Bridgerton family came to light. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Bridgerton. Nicola opened up about filming the scenes with co-star Claudia and revealed she thinks audiences are going to be really angry. During the finale of season one, viewers discovered that Penelope Featherington was the mastermind behind the gossip column under the pseudo name of Lady Whistledown. Her scandalous high society news sheet often tormented the high society and even the family of her best friend, Eloise Bridgerton. In the latest instalment, viewers saw Penelope in action as the gossip writer, but she does, of course, receive some backlash after Eloise managed to suss her out. During the season two finale, tensions burst into an explosive argument between Penelope and Eloise, which ended with Eloise telling her now ex-best friend: "I wish to never see or speak to you again." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales Speaking to Digital Spy, Nicola revealed how "difficult" it was for her and Claudia to film, explaining: "I think Claudia and I always felt like you know that Penelope is deceiving a lot of people, but the worst deception is really to her best friend because she is lying to her face all the time. "It's interesting because I think it's part of the reason I like being on a Shondaland show is they're not afraid to have women do unlikable things. "They don't always have to be perfect angels who never get anything wrong. They're allowed to make mistakes and be flawed. "But yeah, I feel like people are gonna be really angry with her at the end of this series." Claudia also opened up about the argument that ensued between Penelope and Eloise and how she and Nicola would often hug between scenes. She told TODAY: "We’ve been hugging a lot on set to be like, ‘Don’t worry, everything’s okay,' "I love that scene because it’s not like a screaming match, is it? It’s very contained. It’s very serious and intense because it’s this massive thing happening between them." She also commented on how exciting it is for the audience to know something that the characters don't and referred to it as "yummy". DON'T MISS...Bridgerton Series 2: What happened to Anthony, Kate and Edwina after [INSIGHT]Bridgerton season 3: Will Eloise Bridgerton marry Theo Sharpe? [LATEST]Bridgerton 'blunder': Experts point out Lady Danbury inaccuracy [READ] "It’s a very yummy position to be in as the audience, knowing something that the characters don’t know. “That’s sort of the best position to be in as a viewer. It’s very satisfying. … It’s really good high-stakes." Viewers of the second season were in shock at the storyline and argument which took place between the friends and took to Twitter to express their views and provide some backlash to the reveal. @Jshbl_ commented: "The confrontation between Eloise & Penelope upon unmasking Lady Whistledown is shocking!" @saucybre_ added: "I’m so glad Eloise found out Penelope's ass was Lady Whistledown, she has p*****d me off both seasons!" @angelsueshouse said: "I need to know what happens between Eloise and Penelope, season three can't come soon enough!" @TheFolashade wrote: "I’m so looking forward to seeing 3 of Bridgerton.. Eloise’s story would be an interesting one to see plus What would Penelope do" (sic) The argument and breakdown of friendship between Eloise and Penelope leaves their storyline wide open and plenty of room for a potential season three. Producer Shonda Rhimes revealed the Season three script is currently in the works and said the “Bridgerton” team “got a little bit creative” and are “already hard at work writing season three.” “That is already in progress, and you’ll see. Give it time,” she summed up to Entertainment Tonight. Bridgerton seasons 1 and 2 are available to watch on Netflix.