Dele Alli should consider retiring from football if his heart is no longer in the sport, according to former Liverpool striker Stan Collymore. The midfielder joined Everton in January from Tottenham on a deal that could rise to £20m, but is yet to start a league game under Frank Lampard. Alli’s alarming plight has seen him go from an indispensable figure at Tottenham in 2018-19, who started the Champions League final defeat to Liverpool, to a mere bench warmer. The fall of one of England’s most promising talents has mystified fans and pundits, with Alli only scoring five goals across the last two-and-a-half seasons. The 25-year-old struggled with muscle injuries when he was in the peak form of his career and those problems have their toll on his form and confidence. It was believed that a change of scenery could help Alli, but he is yet to impress at Goodison Park, with the club fighting off the threat of relegation. Collymore has reached out to the former England international and offered to help him if he is struggling mentally. But the 51-year-old also questioned whether Alli should simply step away from football altogether. READ MORE: Lampard has family member to blame for Alli deal as Everton ponder axe “Dele needs to answer some serious question, for himself, no one else. He has to ask: Do you want to play professional football, or are you not cut out for it?” Collymore wrote in his column for The Mirror. “If not, don’t do that, think of conning clubs into giving you a year, based on past reputations, and drift down the ranks. Everton, to Norwich, to the Championship. If no, then get to the end of your contract, and move on with life. “If he doesn’t want to be a pro footballer, get your head down. I don’t think his clothing, or hair, or what he drives make a big difference but they can allude to a person’s character. I wonder what he is trying to portray. That he wants to be a bit bohemian and has given up on the life of a footballer? “I am a massive advocate for mental health, and I’d say pull your finger out and start to move your life forward. Be more disciplined with yourself. Listen to Frank Lampard. Stay at the training ground longer. Be the first in and last out.” DON'T MISSTottenham ace Hugo Lloris explains inspiration and opens up on AlliRicharlison on leaving Everton as Man Utd ramp up transfer interestEverton make Calvert-Lewin transfer call with Arsenal lurking Alli is believed to earn around £100,000-a-week with Everton after signing a deal to 2024 in January, following his transfer from Spurs. But Collymore says it would be wrong of Alli to continue taking a wage if he does not want to play anymore, and pondered if he should follow the lead of former tennis player Ashleigh Barty, who retired at age of 25 despite being world number one. “He’s 25, and could still have 5-6 years at the top level of the top flight and contribute to a football club,” he added. “But this is his crossroads. You can’t take 80-100 grand a week winging it around clubs with managers who will always think they are the one to get something out of him. “It would be unfair to do that if he doesn’t have the appetite. He has to be honest. If he wants to drift, go backpacking around the world and spend the good few quid he’s earned. Maybe he needs to have an Ash Barty moment. So many tennis players and swimmers get to their mid-20s and think they’ve been doing sport for years. They ask: why put myself through it? It’s not important anymore.”