Recipe developer and content creator, Emma Duckworth, posted the details of the delicious recipe on her Instagram account @emmaduckworthbakes. The author of Simply Sweet Nostalgic Bakes and owner of Dear Coco Street Coffee, created a delicious coffee-inspired American style pancakes recipe. She told followers: "I’m sharing my way of creating an incredible showstopping pancake stack. "And that’s through FLAVOUR." She went on: "These coffee pancakes are infused with Italian espresso coffee, topped with a generous scoop of Madagascan vanilla bean ice cream, some toasted hazelnuts and finished with a big drizzle of Canadian amber maple syrup. "The dark chocolate notes of the coffee, creamy vanilla bean ice cream and sweet, intense maple syrup all taste amazing with these fluffy pancakes." READ MORE: Royal chefs share Queen's favourite pancake recipes with special twist Ingredients: Finish with: DON'T MISSMary Berry shares simple pancake recipe [FOOD] Three-ingredient formula for perfectly flipped crepes [PANCAKE DAY] American pancake recipe: Guarantee the ‘fluffiest’ pancakes [TRICK] 1. Place water and No.1 Italian Ground Espresso into a coffee plunger. 2. In a large bowl mix together dry ingredients, flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. 3. In a medium bowl, whisk the eggs then add the yoghurt, butter and two tablespoons of coffee. 4. Slowly add wet to dry ingredients, stir briefly, don’t overmix. Lumpy batter is good. 5. Heat frypan/skillet, over medium to low heat on the stovetop. Scoop one heaped tablespoon into the pan and cook for three to four minutes. Once bubbles appear, then flip and cook for another three to four minutes. Remove onto a plate and repeat with the remaining batter. 6. Stack pancakes onto a plate and serve with a large scoop of No.1 Madagascan Vanilla Ice Cream. Drizzle with No. 1 Canadian Maple Syrup, Amber and sprinkle with toasted hazelnuts. Enjoy! Emma's fans were quick to comment on the delicious looking recipe. One wrote: "Oh my gosh yum yes please." "Coffee infused treats are my fav - these are awesome!" another said. One added: "They sound gorgeous and dreamy."