Elizabeth Kite, named after Queen Elizabeth II, recalled how the monarch helped spread the message that Commonwealth members are a "valued family" no matter their background. Ms Kite heralded the Queen for her "wisdom" and "unparalleled experience" as she discussed the time Tonga was hit by the Hunga Tonga tsunami and volcanic eruption in January. The activist explained many were cut off from the outside world but was eventually greeted by a message from the Queen and explained its importance. Speaking in front of Westminster Abbey, Ms Kite spoke of her love of the Queen and the influence it has had on her family. She complimented the Queen for supporting Commonwealth nations and remembered a recent example back in January. She explained: “This wisdom recent occurred in my mind when Tonga was beset by the Hunga Tonga volcanic eruption and tsunami. “Overnight, communication went down and we were cut off from the rest of the world. “We had only ourselves to rely on in the immediate aftermath, but when our local radio station finally connected to the outside world we were greeted by a message from the head of our Commonwealth family. “Her Majesty sent a message of support and comfort to our people through our own king and queen. “Following the Queen’s message was an outpouring of support from across the Commonwealth. “For a country still shaking with fear and still clinging to the last bit of faith we had, this inspired hope and lifted our spirits in a time of crisis.”  Ms Kite then signed off the speech with a touching tribute to the Queen and how influential her service has been on the world. She concluded: “It reminded us that this is the Commonwealth way because we are a family. “A family with shared values, common cause and a desire to do good for all. “The need for unity and these values that the Queen has spent her lifetime upholding remains relevant and important today within the Commonwealth and beyond. “Let us always remember this, happy Commonwealth Day and long live Her Majesty the Queen.” The Queen did not attend the Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey after it was announced on Friday by Buckingham Palace she would be absent. Prince Charles instead led a small congregation of royals at the yearly event in her absence. The future king was appointed Head of the Commonwealth in 2018 and was joined by Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, at the event. DON'T MISS Worrying reason why Queen missing Commonwealth Day service [VIDEO]Meghan 'never a good fit' for Royal Family duties as it's 'all others' [INTERVIEW]Harry and Meghan sparking 'disenchantment' in Americans [INSIGHT]   Just minutes before the beginning of the Commonwealth Day service, Buckingham Palace released a statement from the Queen which read: "In this year of my Platinum Jubilee, it has given me pleasure to renew the promise I made in 1947, that my life will always be devoted in service." Speaking about the Commonwealth as a "family of nations" of which she is clearly proud, the Queen went on saying: "Today, it is rewarding to observe a modem, vibrant and connected Commonwealth that combines a wealth of history and tradition with the great social, cultural and technological advances of our time. "That the Commonwealth stands ever taller is a credit to all who have been involved. "We are nourished and sustained by our relationships and, throughout my life, I have enjoyed the privilege of hearing what the relationships built across the great reach and diversity of the Commonwealth have meant to people and communities." 