The Chase star Mark Labbett is famed in the UK for his formidable quiz show prowess, which has led to him being branded "The Beast". However, fans were left wondering whether American producers did not invite the quizzer back on to the show as he addressed his exit again today. Mark announced on Twitter that he would not be returning to the show which led to a flurry of curiosity from his almost 158,000 followers. "Gutted to not be invited back," he lamented, "but really excited at the new lineup." He added of the newcomers who would replace him: "Am expecting Brandon [Blackwell] and Victoria [Groce] to wow America :)." Twitter user, @milliejoe001 quizzed: "Was it because of contract reasons from The Chase Australia?" READ NOW: Robert Rinder shares update on partner Oksana's Ukrainian family Mark explained in a candid tweet that no reason was given and his contract was not renewed. "No they just didn’t renew me," he replied, "No reason was offered." @croth4 tweeted back: "I always imagined your participation would be a limited engagement that we should enjoy as long as we could - they simply can't keep the best around forever. You're unparalleled sir!" He added in encouragement: "Thanks for giving us some more fun and showing yet again that it's cool to be intelligent." @liser_holly chimed in to add: "Our loss. I like the UK Chase MUCH BETTER than the US version. "THE CHASERS AND THE HOST ARE THE BEST!!! There’s just no comparison." @BeastFromTheSea lamented: "What a shame. You are by far my favorite Chaser. Cheers big fella!" @DeepBob then chimed in from the USA to show support, writing: "After years watching the UK version while on vacation, it was so good to see you on the Brooke version here and again now. DON'T MISS... 'Can't wait!' The Repair Shop's Will Kirk teases move away from show [UPDATE] 'Can't believe it' Dick Strawbridge bids farewell to special show [LATEST] Will Smith fires back at Rebel Wilson's joke about his marriage [DEBATE]  "You’re a great quizzer and a dynamite personality." He added: "I hear the UK version of Mastermind (one of my favourites!) is looking for a host!!" American fans have written on social media that he was "loved their side of the Atlantic" and that they'd love to have him back. Mark has been a firm favourite with fans during his quiz show legacy on ITV. Earlier this year, Mark made headlines on the British edition of The Chase UK after he cheekily stormed out of the TV studio over a quiz question - but later took to Twitter and apologised. Elsewhere, Mark was praised for the success in his weight loss efforts after he revealed that he'd slimmed down from size 5XL to 2XL. He has announced he is on the way to losing even more weight in the near future. The Chase UK airs weekdays on ITV at 5pm.