I know that children and young people with SEND aren’t getting the right support consistently around the country. There are 1.4 million school pupils in England alone with special educational needs, too many of whom feel like they are left behind. I understand how frustrating this can be because, simply put, any system that makes it harder for someone to get the support they need and deserve is not fit for purpose. That’s why we launched the SEND Review. It is our response to every child and young person, every parent and teacher who has told us how they want the system to work better for them.  Over the last two years we have spoken to children and young people, their families and carers, charities, MPs, teachers and local government and organisations with a major role to play in improving outcomes. Many parents have told me they face a system which is complicated and adversarial, where access to support is late and overly bureaucratic. Parliamentarians and sector leaders have spoken of uncertainty over where help can be found, who should be responsible for funding it, or even when it should be offered in the first place. This is not good enough. We have listened and we are doing something about it. This week, we will set out our vision for a single, national, integrated SEND and alternative provision system that will improve outcomes for children and young people, and restore the confidence of their parents and carers. Our review will consult fully and openly on these proposals; setting out how the system should support children their families, taking account of the conversations I’ve had, and offering a chance for those we haven’t yet heard from to help shape the policy. It is clear that inconsistent delivery and poor accountability has created a postcode lottery for too many families. We will address this; increasing confidence in the system so that everyone knows what to expect, when to expect it, and where the money should come from. An excellent offer for children with SEND needs to provide support from early years right through to adulthood. At every stage of a young person’s life, our review will set out how we will make sure they have access to the right support, at the right place, at the right time – regardless of their level of need or where they live. The review will build on new statutory academy standards being introduced as part of the Government’s Schools White Paper, to be published tomorrow, so parents can be confident that their local school is inclusive and offers the right level of support for their child.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea We will also make sure that high quality specialist provision is available for those who need extra help, for pupils in special schools and in alternative provision. Children and young people participate in alternative provision when they cannot attend their usual school due to behavioural problems, or because they have been excluded. These settings do exemplary work keeping children engaged with their education, but we know that children with SEND are over-represented. That’s why I want to change the culture around how we talk about alternative provision, so we are clear on the benefits it can bring to a child’s education instead of seeing it as something shameful. Exclusion from school should never mean exclusion from education and, wherever possible, alternative provision should work to support children back into mainstream education. I understand all too well how challenging it can feel for teachers and support staff to meet the needs of pupils with SEND. Through the review we will clarify the roles and responsibilities of all the agencies involved in supporting those with special education needs, improving every teacher’s confidence and understanding of SEND by embedding it in their early training. Our vision for reform will deliver real change for children, young people, and their families. But I also know there are families who need help now.  That’s why we are investing in the system through record levels of school funding and more respite placements to give parents a break from caring. We are working with councils directly to manage deficits in their high-needs budgets and we are doubling the capacity of the supported internship programme, which helps young adults with SEND take the important step from education into employment. And we will go further, investing new government funding to deliver better standards. We will continue to make families’ views at the heart of this work, to create a stronger, more inclusive system for every child. *Will Quince is Parliamentary Under Secretary of State at the Department for Education 