The Chancellor Rishi Sunak last night confirmed the triple lock would return next year. Mr Sunak was asked how much the Government has budgeted in order for next year’s increase to take place. He told the Treasury Select Committee: “It will be whatever the estimated CPI (Consumer Prices Index) is in September.” With the estimated rate of inflation by CPI in September 2022 expected to be 7.4 percent, this could be good news for pensioners. If the rate of earnings growth is higher, then pensioners could secure an even greater amount. However, some experts are questioning the longevity of the state pension triple lock. READ MORE: ‘A disgrace!’ Pensioners face 5% fall in living costs Questions still remain regarding the triple lock’s affordability in the long term, especially in volatile conditions. Steven Cameron, Pensions Director at Aegon, said: “State pensions are financed on a ‘pay as you go’ basis with today’s workers paying for today’s state pensions through National Insurance contributions. “In last week’s Spring Statement, the Chancellor announced the lower threshold of earnings on which employees pay National Insurance will rise in July by a huge £3,000 to £12,570, a welcome help for workers facing the cost of living squeeze. “But it will also mean lower NI receipts, so less money available to pay state pensions. DON'T MISSWoman explains 'easy' way she makes extra £200 - 'Given me an income' [INSIGHT]Woman, 70, fears worsening treatment of pensioners [ANALYSIS]'Queen’s telegram, frozen state pension!' 100-year-olds pension plight [EXCLUSIVE] “While we now have confirmation the triple lock will be reinstated next year, it’s still to be seen if the commitment will survive in future years, particularly if earnings and price inflation remain volatile and unpredictable.” Traditionally, the terms of the triple lock are that the state pension rises by whichever measure is the highest: The policy was introduced to ensure pensioners secured a real-terms rise in their sum each year. However, controversy arose regarding the mechanism this year. The policy was temporarily suspended due to warped earnings data as a result of mass returns to work following COVID-19. Pensioners had initially expected an eight percent increase to their sum, but this did not come to fruition. Instead, the Government scrapped the average earnings component of the policy, basing the rise on whichever was highest out of 2.5 percent or inflation. September 2021 inflation was recorded at 3.1 percent, and this was used as the figure for the state pension increase in 2022/23. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Mr Cameron added: “This means pensioners will receive 3.1 percent next month at a time when price inflation is double that at 6.2 percent, adding to their cost of living squeeze.” Regardless, many pensioners are likely to be relieved that they have multiple reassurances the triple lock will return, Mr Cameron said. Mr Sunak’s comments follow those made by Work and Pensions Secretary Therese Coffey who previously made a commitment to the return of the triple lock.