Carer’s Allowance offers £67.60 weekly compensation for unpaid carers that meet certain criteria. Unfortunately, this means unpaid carers are receiving just 50p per hour for their work that saved the UK an estimated £350million every day during the pandemic.  Carer’s Allowance stipulates that to be eligible for it, unpaid carers must be doing some form of care work for at least 35 hours per week. The weekly payments will be increased to £69.70 in April but even then it calculates as paying these carers just shy of £2 per hour. This amount is less than half of the lowest rate for national minimum wage as apprentices currently earn £4.30 per hour, which is also due to increase in April. The leading charity advocating for unpaid carers, Carers UK shared that unpaid carers are being “pushed to the brink” and as the cost of living will skyrocket in April it could be a great cause for concern.   An unpaid carer told Carers UK in February: “I am anxious and scared of what our living costs will be in the coming months. I’m unable to sleep and worried about surviving.” Rising energy bills are one of the biggest worries for carers looking after their families, as their additional needs often see unaffordable electric and heating costs. A carer responded to the Carers UK survey commenting: “Our son relies on life saving equipment which must be constant and available at all times- i.e., a hospital pressure mattress, an oxygen nebulizer, suction hoist, air conditioning, heating and so on.” Another carer shared: “Mum is bedbound with advanced Parkinson's so she needs the house to be quite warm especially when she is being bed-bathed, etc. but we can't afford to keep the heating turned up high.”     Ofgem announced in February that the energy price cap will be increasing by almost £700 which will see millions of average use households thrown into fuel poverty. The situation may grow even more dire as Carers Scotland research revealed 52 percent of unpaid carers currently cannot afford their monthly expenses. Additionally, the vast majority of carers have already noted an increase in their energy bills and a shocking 17 percent have fallen into arrears on this bill. 59 percent of respondents were concerned that the increased cost of living will negatively affect their own mental and physical health or the person that they care for.  As a result of the increased costs, 66 percent of carers said they have had to cut back on heating while 87 percent believe they will not be able to heat their home to a safe level. Carers UK noted that while many households will be suffering under the cost of living crunch, unpaid carers often have additional costs due to their caring responsibilities. They shared that this can include providing nutrition and support, having higher costs to keep their patients warm and needing special equipment “which can be costly to run”. While Carer’s Allowance offers some financial assistance, it also greatly limits carers' earning potential to cover these additional costs. Carers UK found that almost two thirds of carers have to use their own money to pay for these products or services for their patients.  To be eligible for the payments, one must be providing certain types of care such as helping with washing or cooking, taking the patient to doctor’s appointments and assisting with general household tasks like shopping for at least 35 hours per week. The person being cared for does not necessarily have to be a relative or be in the same residential area as the carer in order for them to apply. Carers cannot be in full time education or studying for more than 21 hours per week and their patients have to be claiming certain benefits which could be affected by their Carer’s Allowance claim. Additionally, to claim the £67.60 per week carers cannot earn more than £128 per week after National Insurance and expenses.