The ingredients list of many pet food products around the world contain vague terms like fish, ocean fish and whitebait, without actually specifying the meat being used. Back in 2019, researchers tested 87 pet food products on sale in the US and found that 63 percent contained traces of shark DNA — predominantly the endangered shortfin mako shark. However, it was unclear if shark meat was similarly being surreptitiously including in pet foods being sold elsewhere. In the latest study, marine ecologist Ben Wainwright and environmental researcher Ian French of the National University of Singapore analysed the contents of 45 different, locally available pet food products from 16 different brands. The researchers said: “Given the results of [the] previous study performed in the US, we wanted to see if endangered sharks are also sold in Asian pet food. “None of the products purchased listed shark as an ingredient, using only generic catch-all terms such as ‘fish’, ‘ocean fish’, ‘whitebait’ or ‘white fish’ to describe their contents.” Of the 144 samples taken from the 45 products, genetic analysis revealed that nearly a third — 31 percent — contained traces of shark DNA. The shark species that were most commonly identified in the pet food were the blue shark (Prionace glauca), the silky shark (Carcharhinus falciformis) and the whitetip reef shark (Triaenodon obesus). The latter two species are both listed as ‘vulnerable’ in the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN)’s Red List of Threatened Species. On top of this, the silky shark is flagged in the appendix of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES), meaning that its trade is supposed to be controlled to avoid overfishing that could threaten the species’ survival. The discovery of shark meat in such unexpected places, the researchers said, demonstrates how sharks are increasingly being subjected to high overfishing pressures. READ MORE: Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated As apex predators, the team explained, sharks play a vital role in the functioning of healthy marine ecosystems, helping to keep the populations of their prey and the rest of the food chain under control. The loss of sharks, as a consequence, has already led to a decline in the abundance of coral reefs and seagrass beds. Part of the problem is the growing trade for shark fins and meat — which has led to an estimated 100 million sharks being killed annually, with little in the way of effective monitoring and management of such fishing to prevent overfishing. The researchers said: “Shark populations are overfished throughout the world, with declines of more than 70 percent in the last 50 years documented. “This is indicative of the current lack of regard in which we hold our oceans.” Alongside food, sharks also find their way onto our shelves in the form of certain body care and beauty products, which — like their shark-bearing pet food counterparts — typically do not make clear where their ingredients are being sourced from. DON'T MISS:EU's plot to scupper Putin permanently with major gas change [INSIGHT]Xi offers energy lifeline for Putin as ‘nuclear option’ bites [ANALYSIS]Yellowstone warning sign should trigger 'mother of all evacuations' [REPORT] certain  Professor Wainwright and Mr French added: “The majority of pet owners are likely lovers of nature, and we think most would be alarmed to discover that they could be unknowingly contributing to the overfishing of shark populations.” Based on their findings, the duo are calling for more transparency in the ingredient lists published on pet food products, eschewing catch-all terms in favour of specific details that allows consumers to make more informed decisions. Alongside this, the team would like to see the implementation of global standards for pet food ingredients as well as increased accountability, as to help reduce unsustainable fishing practices that are placing already endangered shark populations at greater risk. The full findings of the study were published in the journal Frontiers in Marine Science.