Jamie Carragher believes Harry Maguire's Manchester United performances and future are a bigger concern than being booed for England. The ball-playing centre-back received a negative reception from some quarters of England's fanbase on Tuesday night at Wembley. His name was jeered prior to kick-off after his name was read out over the tannoy during the starting line-ups. Maguire's first touch was also booed, something that infuriated his manager Gareth Southgate. Since then, international team-mates Harry Kane and Jordan Henderson have condoned the actions of England supporters, urging them to stop. In the view of Carragher, Maguire should simply get on with it and prove them wrong with his performances - claiming his Man United future is a far bigger concern. READ MORE: Gareth Southgate calls England fans 'joke' for booing Man Utd captain Harry Maguire He tweeted: "Harry’s biggest problem is not England fans, it’s his performances & future at Man Utd. He’s not the first person to be booed by a few clowns & won’t be the last so get on with it! Show some character, perform well & shut people up!!" The boos have prompted a number of high-profile figures including Gary Lineker to defend Maguire and his contribution for his country. He was involved in both of the opening goals last night before helping the Three Lions earn a clean sheet. Yet the support for Maguire has perhaps blown the incident out of proportion.  READ MOREMohamed Salah and Egypt targeted with lasers by Senegal fans in World Cup play-off deciderSadio Mane sends Senegal to World Cup as Liverpool team-mate Mo Salah skies penaltyAjax director shines light on Erik ten Hag mindset after completing Man Utd interview Tottenham Hotspur's official Twitter tweeted their support for the England defender, writing: "No player deserves abuse. We stand with you, @HarryMaguire93." Carragher elaborated on the matter in his column with The Telegraph, adding: "Maguire’s difficulty in turning it around at Old Trafford is his lack of authority in the United dressing room. "Since last summer, Maguire has been looking over his shoulder amid a debate as to whether he or Cristiano Ronaldo should be captain. Rather than reassert his leadership, he has fallen short. That has affected his performances." Maguire's every movement has been placed under the microscope following a series of calamitous displays at club level for United. He recently threw the captain's armband after being subbed by Ralf Rangnick in the 1-0 Champions League defeat to Atletico Madrid, something that prompted fury among supporters. The £80million defender was also sent off in Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's final game at the helm following two yellow cards in the 4-1 defeat to Watford. As club captain, more is currently expected of the 29-year-old. There is a feeling that Manchester United's next manager could strip Maguire of the captaincy in a bid to ease the pressure on his shoulders...