Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta quickly corrected himself after labelling Liverpool the best team in the Premier League. Arsenal take on Liverpool at the Emirates on Wednesday with both sides in great form. The Gunners have won their last five in the league, with Liverpool on a run of eight successive victories. The Reds are aiming to reduce the gap to leaders Manchester City to one point with a win at the Emirates. City's goalless draw at Crystal Palace on Monday has given Jurgen Klopp's side an added incentive. Liverpool beat Arsenal 4-0 at Anfield in the reverse fixture earlier this season. Arteta was asked what differences there will be from that game at his press conference on Tuesday. He initially said his team will be facing the best side in the country in his response before swiftly changing his mind. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Klopp provides Salah injury update before Arsenal clash  City are the reigning champions and their former assistant manager Arteta has shown his loyalty to Pep Guardiola. The Spaniard said: "It's five months later, we're still going to play against arguably the best team, or the second best team, in this league. "A team that is in great form and certainly we will have to play at our best to beat them." Arsenal currently sit fourth in the table, a point clear of Manchester United in fifth with three games in hand. They are aiming to qualify for the Champions League for the first time since 2016. Arteta admitted there have been big improvements from his side of late. He said: "We are playing better, we have a better understanding of what we want, we have the right level of confidence, belief, understanding of each other and everything clicks better and quicker." DON'T MISSMan Utd and Tottenham dealt huge transfer blow as Franck Kessie 'signs' for new club [GOSSIP]Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick's XI to beat Atletico Madrid as five changes expected [TEAM NEWS]Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich linked with takeover at another club after Blues reign [REPORT]  However, the former Gunners captain stopped short of saying his team is one of the best in the country. He said: "No, there are better teams in the country because that's what the league table shows, and we haven't done anything. "What we're doing is trying to improve, understand better what we want, be much more consistent in performance and result, but nothing else as yet." Takehiro Tomiyasu remains an injury doubt for the visit of Liverpool. The Japan star has not played since the Carabao Cup semi-final second leg defeat to the Reds in January.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here