Iconic sports presenter Clare Balding revamped her exercise routine when her weight made shopping unbearable. The 51-year-old has lost weight in recent years and credits her transformation to just one simple lifestyle change. Walking an impressive 12,000 steps a day and playing golf allowed Clare to shed her excess weight. Speaking to Radio 4, the presenter said: “I know how much the walking helps me because it gets you out for quite a long time. “It’s not a painful sort of exercise, you don’t feel like you’re suffering. And it’s a great way to get to know your local area.” READ MORE: Zara Tindall keeps toned figure by avoiding two foods - ‘I don’t diet'  Her Instagram page is littered with scenic images of pretty landscapes. So many took to walking when lockdown offered not much else, but it’s also a fantastic hobby to maintain post pandemic. For those who struggle to get to the gym or even running, walking is a free, accessible and fun alternative. With just this simple change, Clare managed to lose a reported 1.4 stone. DON'T MISS But what motivated her to lose the weight? Clothes shopping was a painful experience for the presenter. She admitted that she would cry “because nothing fits”. Plagued with feelings of not being “good enough”, she decided to make the change.  Not only does Clare now look more slender than ever and given her confidence a boost, walking is also known to improve the mind. On her Instagram Clare refers to the “healing power of the great outdoors” and several “exhilarating and exhausting” walks. On Clare Balding’s Ramblings, listeners go on a walk through the countryside with various interesting people. A wake-up call from her mother also prompted Clare to take charge of her health. She admitted: “I got a bit lazy about it and then my mother said something.  "That always wakes you up a bit. She is very pleased with me now, though.” Clare continued: “I’m not obsessed about losing weight, but I feel so much healthier. “I went to an event the other day and there were people there I hadn’t seen for a while.” Others were quick to notice her transformation.“They all kept saying, ‘you look so healthy’, which is code for ‘you’ve lost weight.'" Those who want to challenge themselves a bit more on their walks can engage their core, pick up the pace with intervals or add some weights in the form of a rucksack for maximum results.