Julia Bradbury poured her heart out to her fans in an emotional post about what it’s like to battle cancer. The Countryfile star assured others battling the disease that they are not alone. Julia was diagnosed with breast cancer last September after noticing a lump. The 51-year-old has since had a mastectomy and has been updating her followers on her recovery journey. Taking to Instagram, Julia admitted the constant appointments can be “tough”. “To everyone on a cancer journey right now... I know it's difficult,” Julia wrote in view of her 203k followers.  “I know the ups and downs of every appointment and every day can be tough, but we humans are resilient & there is some amazing support out there for us all. “Thank you @maggiescentres for all your safe comfortable spaces to talk or just be,” she continued. “Thank you @ovariancanceraction for all your research into the silent killer that is ovarian cancer. “It's #OvarianCancerAwarenessMonth - see my post from yesterday about symptoms to look out for & join their #WalkInHerName step challenge”.  Julia finished her caption with an inspiring quote. “Keep your face toward the sunshine and the shadows will fall behind you. —Walt Whitman,” she added. As GoOutdoors commented on the post to send their love, Julia replied to say she would be having “lots of outdoor time tomorrow”. It’s time outside that has seemingly been getting Julia through such a difficult period. DON'T MISS... Sean Penn shares heartbreak as he walks to Polish border amid invasionDan Walker admits concerns about BBC Breakfast co-stars' secret chatJoan Collins, 88, stuns in gown as she marks milestone with husband Yesterday, she posted a heartfelt video while walking around in nature. In the video, she spoke of how she felt she was lucky enough to be filming in the Essex marshes and expressed gratitude for her life. She said: “Today I’m lucky enough to be filming in the Essex marshes, it’s so beautiful here and it’s teeming with birdlife as well. “It’s a crisp lovely day with blue skies and sun shining, and quite honestly, I just feel lucky to be alive, to be here.  “Nature just makes me feel grateful and humble. “Being outside does so much good for mental health, can’t tell you enough. I recommend it. “So I hope you get your 30 minutes, at least 30 minutes, outside today.” She captioned her post: “Grateful for nature. Grateful for my walks. #headspace #mentalhealth #walkingtherapy".