The hooded yobs, one of whom produced a machete from his waistband, pounced on Saturday, March 26, at around 5pm as the mother and son prepared to go to the supermarket. The boy watched on in terror as the gang tried to smash into the Audi Q5, worth £35,000, in the residential street in Bromford, Birmingham. The mother, who is a nurse, is seen trying desperately to reverse in chilling CCTV sent to police, Birmingham Live reports. And, although glass shatters as the thugs hammer blows into the motor, the mum manages to perform a three-point turn to flee unscathed. But she and her child are now trying to cope with the "unimaginable trauma". The car was severely damaged in the ordeal too. The thugs remain at large but police are investigating the brazen attack. Speaking from her home, the mum, who wants to remain anonymous, said: "It's traumatising, we are all a little bit naïve in the fact that we don't think it'll happen to us. But it stays with you. "I'm so paranoid now. Every little noise my son is jumping at. "He's running from the door, he doesn't want to go to school, he doesn't want to leave the house. We can't go to the shop. "I'm too scared to walk to the shop now, too scared to walk the dog. We're going to be prisoners in our own home."   The mum spotted the three boys in the street ahead of the attempted carjacking. Recalling the incident while choking back tears, she added: "They made me feel uncomfortable and unsettled so I was trying to get my cameras up on my phone. "As I was doing that they came behind to the side of the window and tried to grab hold of the door. When they realised the door was locked, they tried smashing the window.  "Whatever the weapon was I think they expected it should smash straight away on the first go, but as you can see, it bounces off the window. One of them had a machete which he retrieved from his waistband. "My son was screaming: 'Mum, drive, drive mum'. I remember saying to him: 'I'm trying, I'm trying'. "I don't know how we managed to get away, I really don't."  Once the driver managed to escape, she parked up down the road, dialled 999 and waited for someone to arrive. She has since shared the chilling footage to Facebook in an urgent appeal for information. West Midlands Police urged anyone with information to contact them. A short statement from the force read: "Anyone with information can contact us via Live Chat on our website, or by calling 101, and quote 20/332921/22." 