Last month, Peaky Blinders made a return with its sixth and final series of the BBC drama, although, on Sunday, April 3, the much-loved programme will finally come to an end. Throughout the series, fans have watched many of their fan-favourites die including John Shelby (played by Joe Cole) and Grace Shelby (Annabelle Wallis). However, more recently in season six, fans were reduced to tears after Tommy Shelby’s (Cillian Murphy) daughter Ruby (Orla McDonagh) died. Throughout the six series drama, fans have come up with their own theories about the plot and what could happen next for the characters. However, at one point or another, fans have often wondered why leading man Tommy Shelby never eats. When the gangster isn’t plotting or killing his enemies, he is regularly seen with a cigarette in his mouth and a whisky in his hand. Viewers have watched him eat the odd sprig of mint now and again, but they have never seen him eat a meal. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role As Peaky Blinders comes to an end, Cillian Murphy has finally opened up about why his character is never seen eating. He went on to explain that he didn’t even realise that Tommy had never eaten until after he’d finished filming season two. “I remember, we’d got through the first two series, and then realised that Tommy has never eaten, we’ve never seen Tommy eat,” Cillian began. “Like, he’s sat down at tables, but he’s never consumed a morsel.” He continued in an interview with Ali Plumb on BBC’s Radio 1: “So then we made it a kind of running gag. “So, throughout the 36 hours of television, Tommy Shelby never consumes anything, except I think, once he consumes a sprig of mint when he’s with his son.” The Tommy Shelby star added: “So, these things develop when you have the luxury of being with a character for so long, these little things arise.” Fans have also shared their theories about Tommy not eating any food on Reddit. DON'T MISS...Mark Labbett replaced as The Chase star leaves key USA role [NEWS]Emmerdale twist as couple split following Dawn Taylor betrayal? [SPOILERS]Vera star opens up on rejection by TV bosses [INSIGHT] User Tiddeemilk29 penned: “I challenge this subreddit to find a single shot of Tommy consuming something other than cigarettes or alcohol. “A single morsel of sustenance. Anything. He’s superhuman—that’s established—but does this mean his kind is not reliant upon any nutrition whatsoever? I am dumbfounded.” (sic) Teathe42 replied: “He eats mint (or some other kind of edible plant) with Charlie in season 5. That's it as far as I know.” Hotfuzz82 added: “When Polly made sandwiches for the gang, specifically Michael and everyone was laughing about it. Was it Tommy who told everyone to shut up and let's eat the sandwiches? Didn't see him actually eating though." (sic)    Series six of Peaky Blinders will draw to a close very soon, despite fans believing the series would run for seven seasons. In January 2021, the show's creator Steven Knight confirmed Peaky Blinders would come to a natural end in series six. In a statement at the time, he explained: "Peaky is back and with a bang. "After the enforced production delay due to the Covid pandemic, we find the family in extreme jeopardy and the stakes have never been higher. "We believe this will be the best series of all and are sure that our amazing fans will love it." Peaky Blinders airs on Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.