Prince Harry and Meghan Markle spoke out about the failure of richer governments, including the UK's, to provide poorer nations with sufficient vaccination against coronavirus. Bur Mr Palmer suggested the pair had voluntarily pledged to uphold the Queen's values, suggesting they should refrain from commenting on the actions of the British Government. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped down from royal duties in 2020, and have since been very outspoken about the importance of vaccine fairness. Speaking to Daily Express' Royal Roundup host Pandora Forsyth, Mr Palmer said: "They were criticising, if I read rightly, the actions of the British Government, and other governments, in denying Covid vaccinations to people in poorer countries around the world. "And I think that really runs against the pledge they made when they left royal duties. "It was a pledge they volunteered with, as far as I know, no coaxing from the other side. "They vowed to uphold the values of the Queen." WATCH THE SECOND EPISODE OF THE DAILY EXPRESS' ROYAL ROUNDUP IN FULL HERE He added: "The Queen does not criticise the British Government. "That's just not something a working member of the Royal Family should do." Prince Harry and Meghan last week signed a letter pledging their support for The People's Vaccine Alliance. The coalition works "to ensure that everyone across the world has access to COVID-19 vaccines." READ MORE: Princess Charlene health: Expert’s blunt response to Monaco’s ‘private’ Royal Family More than 130 world leaders signed the letter, which called out the European Union, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom for blocking "lifting of intellectual property rules which would enable the redistribution and scale-up of COVID-19 vaccines, test, and treatment manufacturing in the global south." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex also pledged financial support to the coalition via their Archwell foundation. Speaking at Global Citizen Live last September, Prince Harry addressed the importance of securing access to the Covid vaccine for everyone. The Duke said: "Many countries are ready to produce vaccines at home, yet they aren't allowed to because ultra-wealthy pharmaceutical companies are not sharing the recipes to make them. DON'T MISS:Queen almost ran out of money before ‘generous’ deal saved Firm [INSIGHT] Queen ‘came close to breakdown’ after plot against Prince Charles [REVEAL] Royal expert details Queen's 'secrets' to staying positive [ANALYSIS] "These countries have the means, the ability and the workers to start manufacturing. All they're waiting for is the vaccine intellectual property to be waived and for the vaccine technology to be transferred over. "And by the way, many of these vaccines were publicly funded. They are your vaccines. You paid for them." The Queen traditionally avoids voicing her views on matters that could be considered political, maintaining an image of neutrality for over seven decades. She only recently changed her position in discussing climate change, joining Prince Charles and Prince William in urging world leaders to do more to save the planet.