Liverpool owners FSG have been told by Bayern Munich sensation Alphonso Davies to "give the guy his money" in contract talks with Mohamed Salah. The Egypt international has little over a year left on his current contract at Anfield with negotiations going on for several months. Salah has made it clear that his preference is to stay at Liverpool and even finish his career there. But multiple reports have indicated the forward wants wages matching the likes of Kevin De Bruyne and Cristiano Ronaldo, which Liverpool are so far reluctant to agree to. Salah is already one of the top earners at Liverpool on wages worth £200,000-a-week, but he reportedly wants that to be doubled to nearly £400,000-a-week. Jurgen Klopp has faced constant questions on Salah's future and gave an update this week. JUST IN: Arsenal urged to beat Liverpool to £67.5m goalscoring midfielder  "Mo definitely expects this club to be ambitious," Klopp said. "We were in the last few years and we are. "We cannot do much more, that's how it is. But I don't think it's about that. "It's Mo's decision pretty much. The club did what the club can do. That's how it is." But time is running out for Liverpool to get their superstar forward signed up before the summer transfer window opens. DON'T MISS  Soon after Klopp's comments on Salah's future, a report by the Guardian emerged stating talks had "broken down". Bayern full-back Davies discovered the article while streaming on Twitch to his followers where he then called on Liverpool's owners to bite the bullet and pay Salah what he feels the Egyptian deserves. "Mo Salah has rejected Liverpool's latest contract offer - wow!" Davies said. "But he has no intention of leaving the club. So, Mo Salah wants to stay but has rejected the last offer. Give the guy his money, man." Several pundits and former players have warned Liverpool against breaking their current wage structure to give into Salah's demands. And Peter Crouch feels that it would set a dangerous precedent for contract talks in the future if Salah gets what he wants. Crouch said on BT Sport: "You give him what he wants, Van Dijk's almost as important, Alisson, where does it end? It then becomes a problem. "We all want to keep Mohamed Salah 100 per cent but he has to fall in line with what they're prepared to pay. "You can make him the highest paid but not beyond the structure that you've got. Liverpool as a football club will always be bigger than any individual."