Apple has mailed out invites for its first launch event of 2022. Teased with the tagline "Peek Performance," the event will be streamed from the UFO-like Apple Park headquarters in Cupertino, California on March 8, 2022. The last time the secretive technology company made an announcement was on October 18, 2021. Streamed from Apple Park, the event – under the tagline "Unleashed" – saw CEO Tim Cook and his team take the wraps off the third-generation AirPods, a redesigned 14-inch and 16-inch MacBook Pro, and new Voice Plan for Apple Music. The minimalist invitation for the March 8 shows the trademark Apple logo in six colours (that's the same number of colours that were included in the company logo between 1977 to 1998 when it became a single block shade) emitting a little glow. Below that, the words "Peek Performance". And that's it. That's all we have to go on. The "Peek Performance" tagline could have a number of meanings. It's possible Apple is hinting at a new iteration of its custom-designed processors, known as Apple Silicon, that's faster and more efficient. The pun would work as the event will be our first glimpse at this all-new system-on-a-chip ...and presumably, anything that Apple announces this coming week will outperform what we've seen from the R&D team so far. Apple is in the midst of transitioning its entire lineup of devices from Intel processors to its own in-house chipsets. One of the biggest outliers is the Mac Pro. Could we finally be about to see the long-rumoured Mac Pro powered by Apple Silicon? Elsewhere, tipsters seem to agree that Apple will unveil a new iPhone SE during its event, which begins at 6pm. Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who has a solid track record when it comes to predicting as-yet unannounced products, claims the next iPhone SE will sport the same design as its predecessor, which revived the chassis used for the iPhone 8. That means it still has the trademark circular Home Button with a built-in Touch ID fingerprint scanner. The new model is widely-tipped to add support for faster 5G downloads and a speedier, more efficient processor. It's possible this new system-on-a-chip will enable new photo and video modes. The third-generation iPhone SE is expected to arrive at the same price point as its predecessor – £389. Bloomberg claims the second-generation will stick around in the Apple Store for a new lower $199 price tag. That would be the lowest ever price for an iPhone and could open-up the ecosystem, which includes lucrative accessories like AirPods, AirTags, Apple Watch, cases, as well as subscription services, like Apple TV+, Apple News+, Apple Fitness+, Apple Music, and Apple Arcade. Whether Apple wants to sacrifice some profit on the hardware side of its business – and lower the barrier to entry for its high-end brand – to unlock that extra revenue remains to be seen. You can watch the entire Peek Performance keynote in the video player below... Rumours point to a new fifth-generation iPad Air, which will follow in the footsteps of the iPad mini unveiled last September. That means it'll be powered by the A15 chipset – the fastest processor in the A- series, which made its debut with the iPhone 13 and iPhone 13 Pro last year. Not only that, but the cellular version will support 5G mobile downloads. The dual speaker system on the current generation iPad Air will be doubled to four speakers. Centre Stage, which uses AI to always keep the subject in the middle of the frame during video calls, will also make the cut in the new model. A redesigned MacBook Air could be unveiled on-stage during the "Peek Performance" event. Following the switch from Intel processors, Apple rebooted the MacBook Pro with an all-screen design and the return of the MagSafe connector and HDMI ports. Meanwhile, from the outside at least, the MacBook Air has remained the same. That will supposedly take the form of a colourful new design – with a wide variety of colours, like the refreshed iMac design. The new MagSafe connector (which protects your shiny new laptop from spills if someone trips over the cable as the magnetic connection will release before dragging the device off the table) will also be present and correct, tipsters say. MORE LIKE THISAldi is selling Apple AirPods and you might be surprised by the price A release date for iOS 15.4, the next major upgrade for iPhone owners, is also likely to announced during the event. It includes a new option that allows Face ID to work when you're wearing a face covering. This will take a little longer for the iPhone to unlock, but should solve the headache of the facial recognition failing when you're wearing a mask (unless you have an Apple Watch on your wrist). iOS 15.4 also packs a new non-binary voice for Siri and all-new emojis. Of course, it's worth taking all of the above with a sizeable pinch of salt. While many of the tipsters and analysts that informed this article have a solid track record for predicting what the notoriously secretive Apple will reveal next ...nothing is official until CEO Tim Cook takes to the stage. Express.co.uk will be bringing you all the news live from Apple's keynote, so watch this space if you want to know more.