Our House premiered on ITV on Monday, March 7, kicking off the story of the moment Fi Lawson (played by Tuppence Middleton) returned home to find all of their belongings gone and another family moving in. The series, which is based on the best-selling 2019 novel by Louise Candlish, is being shown over four consecutive nights to keep viewers on the edge of their seats. The story is going to be further developed when a new romantic interest is introduced to stir things up. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Our House.Our House is flitting between two timelines, one where Fi and husband Bram Lawson (Martin Compston) are loved-up and dedicating time to doing up their new home. The second is years later when they have become a family-of-four but Fi and Bram are now estranged. Despite living under the same roof, the couple are more often than not at loggerheads and start seeing other people. While Fi finds a new fling in Toby (Rupert Penry-Jones), Bram gets very close to Wendy (Buket Komur). READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell Actress Buket Komur is behind Bram's new romance Wendy who is very new to the world of entertainment. Her first acting part was in 2019 in the documentary Roger Waters - Us + Them. The following year, Komur was in a short called Tin Luck as a character called Demi. But it was also in 2020 that the actress had her biggest role to date in another ITV drama. Komur starred as Banaz Mahmod in the ITV series Honour which was based on a true story. Banaz' own family had arranged for the 20-year-old to be murdered because she fell in love with the wrong man. The drama saw how Banaz had reported death threats from her family five times prior to her being killed. This time around, Komur is starring in the fictional story of Our House which is a very different character from Banaz. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot? [THEORY]Joanna Lumley admits The Crown is ‘distressing’ for royal family [EXPLAINER]Our House viewers complain new ITV series is too ‘dark’ [REACTION] Opening up to press, including Express.co.uk, Komur said: "She [Wendy] sort of opposes the work I've done before and when you see her, she pops out of nowhere and immediately is very bold and confident but also mysterious. "You're not quite sure what is under the surface with her. "She's very unpredictable so I like the darkness that she carries and how she also opposes a lot of the other characters in this show. "It is a very picture-perfect, middle-class life and she charges in and disrupts everything so I could tell she was going to be a lot of fun to play." Komur is going to be working with fellow Our House star actress Middleton again in upcoming film Magpie which is in pre-production. The description for the movie reads: "Magpie lives in an isolated church community ruled over by her father, The Pastor. "When a man is murdered, paranoia sets in and people start to whisper about a strange 'Beast' that lives in the forest." Our House is available to watch on ITV Hub.