  Amanda Holden, 51, has stunned fans in a hot pink outfit and matching heels. The star took to social media to show off the glam piece as she showed off her flexibility in a challenging pose.      Amanda looked stylish in her latest social media snap as she posed in her new fashionable ensemble. The Britain’s Got Talent judge wore a hot pink trouser suit, decorated with feathery cuffs at the ends of her arms and legs. She paired the outfit with some sky-high pink stilettos, which perfectly matched the overall look. Amanda wore her hair in a natural, down-do that rested on her collar. READ MORE: Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts     Posting in view of her 1.8 million Instagram followers, she penned: “Never knowingly underdressed!" Amanda also credited Luxury Womenswear Brand for her flattering pant suit beside the snaps. “Thank you Nadine Merabi for this gorgeous piece in time for #MothersDay,” she added. Amanda also took the time to choose the perfect backdrop for the bright pink ensemble, posing on a black sofa in front of a totally black and white room.      The photographs seemed to stun her fans, who took to the comments section to compliment the former musical theatre star. Adrian Townsend wrote: “Striking, eye-catching, colourful… And your outfit is cool too! “Hope you are having a fantastic weekend. Have a lovely Mother’s Day!” Chris Snape added: “Wow Amanda absolutely gorgeous x.” READ MORE... Meghan Markle unlikely to 'get hands on any royal palaces' [INSIGHT] Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' [LATEST] BBC Breakfast's Rachel Burden tells Naga Munchetty to 'get well soon' [NEWS]     Nicola Shann commented: “Oh my god, you make things so effortless… total admiration. “Plus the fact you are rocking your 50’s - amazeballs xxx.” “Elle Woods is shaking!” added Rebecca, in reference to famous Reece Witherspoon film Legally Blonde. While Coral Taylor praised the star’s backdrop, writing: “Obsessed with your bedroom decor.”       A few of Amanda’s celebrity pals also stopped by on the post to compliment the Heart Radio presenter. Susanna Reid posted a heart emoji and the word “love”. While Dragon’s Den star Kelly Hoppen teased: “Gorgeous… Do I see chopped cushions behind you? On my way round to sort (laughing emoji).” Britain’s Got Talent returns to ITV this year with Amanda as a judge alongside Simon Cowell, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams.   