West Midlands Ambulance Service said they attended the scene in a car park outside the supermarket in Brownhills but that the man died at the scene. They originally said police were called at 5pm yesterday (Monday) to reports of a stabbing on Silver Street, Brownhills, but officers have now said they are not treating the incident as suspicious. An ambulance service spokesperson said: "We sent three ambulances, three paramedic officers and the Midlands Air Ambulance from Cosford to the scene. On arrival, crews found a man in a critical condition. They administered advanced trauma care to the patient but sadly, despite the best efforts, nothing could be done to save the man and he was confirmed deceased on scene."  A reporter for Birmingham Live was at the scene this morning and has spoken to the victim's family who have said his name was Michael Reese, 53. Gloria Reese-Ellis said: "He was going through a bad time because things had happened in his life, he lost his job then had to move in with me. "He was a lovely lad and worked very hard, He was a lovely son."  West Midlands Police have now said they are not treating Mr Reese's death as suspicious. A spokesman for the force said: "The death of a man who died in Brownhills yesterday afternoon, March 14, is not being treated as suspicious and has been referred to the coroner. Our thoughts are with his family at this sad time." Where to get help: Samaritans (116 123)samaritans.org operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. If you prefer to write down how you’re feeling, or if you’re worried about being overheard on the phone, you can email Samaritans at jo@samaritans.org, write to Freepost RSRB-KKBY-CYJK, PO Box 9090, STIRLING, FK8 2SA and visit www.samaritans.org/branches to find your nearest branch.  CALM (0800 58 58 58) thecalmzone.net has a helpline is for men who are down or have hit a wall for any reason, who need to talk or find information and support. They're open 5pm to midnight, 365 days a year. Childline (0800 1111 ) runs a helpline for children and young people in the UK. Calls are free and the number won’t show up on your phone bill.PAPYRUS (0800 068 41 41) is a voluntary organisation supporting teenagers and young adults who are feeling suicidal.  