Recent research has revealed Boris Johnson's Government has produced the highest tax burden in a decade, with rates currently rivalling New Labour's. The Conservatives appear to have misjudged the timing, however, as the economy is much weaker, with Covid woes pursuant and geopolitical chaos ravaging oil prices. The crisis is impossible to ignore, and Express.co.uk has explored ways the Chancellor may choose to address it during his March 23 "mini-budget". Mr Sunak has not impressed people with his first proposed answer to the rising energy bill crisis. A £200 payment for everyone in the UK, while seemingly helpful at first, will be repayable from 2022 to 2027, meaning potentially cash-strapped Britons will have to pay out the sum in instalments. Experts have predicted the Prime Minister will ask him to expand on the plans with "short-term" help, such as raising the amount provided. READ MORE: HSBC announces 69 more branch closures Another unpopular move from the Chancellor and Prime Minister is their proposed National Insurance increase. They plan to use a one percentage point boost to fund the crippled social care sector, costing taxpayers £342 more per year on average. A growing clutch of Conservatives, Jacob Rees-Mogg among them, have called on them to discard the policy in favour of tax cuts. The Conservative leadership opted to cut a generous pandemic-era increase to Universal Credit that had helped poorer families out with an extra £500 per year in 2021. That has left more claimants open to the snowballing cost of living crisis, so the Chancellor may decide to look back at the benefits system again. Both Universal Credit and Child Benefit could see some light tinkering during the spring statement. With western nations hell-bent on prizing themselves from Russian fuel influence, petrol prices have surged to all-new highs. Although wholesale costs have fallen, average petrol prices rose to 167p on the litre on Sunday, up 1p from Friday, while diesel rose to 179p. Campaigners have targeted the Chancellor with demands to reduce fuel duty by 5p in his spring budget, helping soothe some of the chaos. War in Europe has led several leaders to line their defence sectors with new cash to help head off the Russian advance. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz, for instance, has pledged to raise spending up to two percent of GDP. Experts believe Mr Sunak may follow their lead with a new defence spending package for the UK.