Chris Kamara, 64, was diagnosed with a thyroid condition last year, revealing more details about his health in a candid update yesterday. The broadcaster took to Twitter yesterday evening to address his slurred speech on Soccer Saturday yesterday. Viewers of yesterday's Sky Sports Soccer Saturday would have seen Chris giving updates from the League One clash between Rotherham and Shrewsbury. The broadcaster's speech was very slurred, causing concern for my social media users. MrsHoldenLFC said: "@SkySport is Chris Kamara ok, he really doesn’t sound well with how slow his speech is and slurring his words, it’s worrying? @JeffStelling" JulsP1970 added: "Whats up with Chris Kamara on @SoccerSaturday today? READ MORE: Lily Allen goes braless in completely sheer white dress at GEM Awards "He sounds drunk. Or is he unwell? Something isn't right with him, I hope he's okay!" To draw a line over rumours and concerns Chris took to Twitter yesterday evening to address the situation. In view of his 1.8 million followers he penned: "Just wanted to let a few of you who tweeted me today that I am ok ish. "Alongside my Thyroid problem I have developed Apraxia of Speech & have been working to get my speech back to normal. "Some days it can be a little slow and some days it’s normal. "Hopefully I can beat this!" Many took to the comments to wish the star well and praise him for opening up. Piers Morgan said: "So sorry to hear this, legend. Best of luck with your treatment." DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan left Prince Charles and Camilla ‘completely horrified’ [INSIGHT] Jeremy Clarkson blames Putin's height as reason for invasion [HUMOUR] Karren Brady slams Prince Harry for his 'royal wokeness' [OPINION] Dan Walker added: "Stay strong Kammy. Wishing you all the best." Sky Sports presenter Jeff Stelling commented: "@chris_kammy you still bring life, energy, fun and understanding to all your reports on Soccer Saturday. "We all love you pal. Keep going!" Chris, known as 'Kammy' has worked with Sky for over two decades. He also had a lengthy playing career and did manager spells for Bradford and Stoke City. Chris brings his excitable nature when delivering stadium reports as part of Soccer Saturday. Most famously he is remembered for not realising that Anthony Vanden Boore had been sent off in a clash with Portsmouth and Blackburn.