Haas boss Guenther Steiner has responded to Jeremy Clarkson’s foul-mouthed putdown of Russian driver Nikita Mazepin. The driver, whose father is Russian oligarch Demetry Mazepin, angered Clarkson after insisting the Russian Grand Prix would go ahead just days before Formula One removed it from the calendar.   The Russian Grand Prix, scheduled for September, has been cancelled due to Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. “The FIA Formula 1 World Championship visits countries all over the world with a positive vision to unite people, bringing nations together,” an F1 statement on Friday read. “We are watching the developments in Ukraine with sadness and shock and hope for a swift and peaceful resolution to the present situation. “On Thursday evening Formula 1, the FIA, and the teams discussed the position of our sport, and the conclusion is, including the view of all relevant stakeholders, that it is impossible to hold the Russian Grand Prix in the current circumstances.”   JUST IN: McLaren chief hits out at Mercedes and Red Bull over Andretti stance But Haas driver Mazepin had initially hoped that it would still go ahead as planned. The 22-year-old told Sky Sports he has “always been a big supporter of sports without politics”, adding that “the race is going ahead and you will surely see me there.” His words prompted former Top Gear host Clarkson to tweet: “Nikita Mazepin. You f*****g r****d. Go and race in Russia on your own. You’d still lose.” And now, Haas team principal Steiner has diplomatically responded to the 61-year-old’s comments.    “I heard about the tweet from Jeremy Clarkson about it. Maybe it was done in a moment of rage or something because it was quite direct,” the Italian said. “The best thing is to not look at what is there because at the moment, he has nothing to do with this. “We just need to crack on and see where this ends up and work through it. Hopefully, he can keep his head up and keep on going.” As for his driver’s future, and Haas’ line up, the Italian says that needs to be “resolved”. Mazepin’s future is unclear as his seat was funded by his oligarch father Demitry’s company Urakali.   DON'T MISS...George Russell makes FIA request to solve all-new Mercedes problemLewis Hamilton could have stopped Max Verstappen joining MercedesHamilton’s retirement comments should strike fear into Verstappen Haas has removed the potash fertiliser company’s logo from their cars amid Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Several sporting institutions have severed ties with Russian-linked sponsors and stakeholders. Mazepin is likely to discover his fate following a crunch meeting between the FIA and the World Motor Sport Council, scheduled for Tuesday. An FIA statement on Monday read: "An extraordinary meeting of the World Motor Sport Council will be convened tomorrow to discuss matters relating to the ongoing crisis in Ukraine. Further updates will be given following the meeting."   