On Saturday, the Duke of Sussex, 37, attended the Stockyards Championship Rodeo at the Cowtown Coliseum in Fort Worth, Texas. A photograph of the prince at the event was shared on Instagram by numerous users, including the Stockyards Championship Rodeo secretary Cindy Reid. In the snap, Harry sports a casual light-grey shirt and a cowboy hat while standing among a crowd of locals. Cindy accompanied the photo with a caption reading: "Where was Prince Harry Saturday night? Oooooh, just hanging out behind the bucking chutes at the Stockyards Championship Rodeo!! Loooove it!! Thank you for the visit!!" During his surprise appearance, the prince was reportedly given a VIP tour of the venue. The prince is also said to have joined the crowds to watch bull riding events and reportedly joked that he would have taken part if he hadn’t “lost his rigging bag”. The Melton Bull Company, which raises and trains bulls, also shared the image and wrote: “Prince Harry hanging out at the rodeo this week. We get a lot of rodeo royalty but this is the first Prince I’ve seen. “Said he was going to enter the bull riding but the airline lost his rigging bag…” Following the Duke of Sussex’s visit to the rodeo in Fort Worth, Texas, body language expert Darren Stanton analysed the prince’s appearance. Darren reveals, on behalf of Betfair Casino, how Harry's casual outfit reflects how “comfortable he is in his own skin”. READ MORE: Harry excites royal fans as Duke spotted in cowboy hat at Texas show He also claims Harry’s decision to visit the event solo shows him “growing enormously in confidence” while living stateside. Darren said: “Donning a trademark cowboy-style hat and shirt with the sleeves rolled up, it was really nice to see Prince Harry engaging and interacting with other attendees while stepping out in Texas. “It's not always the body language that we display that gives away clues to how we are feeling and thinking, as the clothes we subconsciously choose to wear in certain situations can also reveal a lot about a personality. “The fact that Harry was happy and comfortable to be wearing similar clothing as other guests suggests that he is very comfortable in his own skin. He is humble enough not to just sit back and rest on his royal connection.” DON'T MISS The most unusual Royal Family nicknames - from 'Gary' to 'Wombat' [INSIGHT] Prince Harry’s relationship with brother William ‘not recovered’ [REVEAL] Meghan Markle’s ‘special treatment’ risked ‘annoying’ other royals [REPORT] Mr Stanton claims that by opting for clothes similar to those worn by other visitors Harry is able to “non-verbally communicate that he can be a relatable figure, as well as provide an avenue for him to build rapport.” He adds that in some ways this shows a similarity to his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales. He said: “It also displays a trust and confidence in those around him, as he didn’t place himself at a distance. Instead, he’s happy to get stuck in and isn’t afraid to roll up his sleeves both metaphorically and physically in a similar manner to which his mother, Princess Diana, was known to do. “His solo appearance in Texas proves that Harry is growing enormously in his own confidence while in America.” Harry and his wife Meghan Markle, 40, quit royal duties two years ago and the move, dubbed Megxit, saw them move to America. The couple reside in Meghan’s home state of California with their two children. Last month, the Duke was also seen immersing himself in American culture by making an appearance alongside his cousin Princess Eugenie at the 2022 Super Bowl in Los Angeles. The pair watched the competition between the Los Angeles Rams and the Cincinnati Bengals on February 13. Later in February, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were spotted having dinner with Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank in Santa Barbara.