The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited Wales this week to mark St David's Day, the patron saint of the country. As part of their visit, the pair headed to Blaenavon Hwb, a community-focused youth centre. They chatted with young people and tried to bake a local delicacy — Welsh cakes. While Kate, a cooking enthusiast, rose to the challenge, her husband appeared to struggle. The Cambridges’ trip marks their return to the nation where they started their married life together. In 2010, the prince moved to Anglesey in north Wales for his job in the Royal Air Force. Kate, his then-girlfriend, moved in with him a few months later. The royal couple rented a remote farmhouse until 2013, and is considered to be the first home of Prince George. JUST IN: Princess Diana stuns in never-before-seen portrait set to go on display for first time The four-bedroom cottage is on the Bodorgan Estate, which is owned by Lord and Lady Meyrick, and has access to a private beach and breathtaking views of nearby Newborough Forest, Llanddwyn Island and Snowdonia. After their huge wedding in Westminster Abbey, the pair craved privacy and retreated to the idyllic Welsh island. There, they lived out the early years of their marriage like a “just like any other young couple in love”. However, Kate has since spoken out about some of the struggles she faced while living in Anglesey. In 2020, she revealed that just two years into their marriage and shortly after giving birth to George, she felt isolated in their new home. According to the Huffington Post, during a visit to a children's centre in Cardiff, the Duchess said: "I was chatting to some of the mums, I had just had George and William was still working with search and rescue, so we came up here when George was a tiny, tiny little baby, in the middle of Anglesey. "It was so isolated, so cut off, I didn't have my family around me, he was doing night shifts, so if only I'd had a centre like this at a certain time." The couple moved into Apartment 1A at Kensington Palace after Prince William's job as a military pilot ended in 2013. DON'T MISS: Prince Charles on regret over not taking tango ‘lessons from Cheryl Cole’ [LATEST]Prince William’s friends had ‘a problem’ with Kate: ‘Social divide created tensions’  [INSIGHT]Have Your Say: Should Queen allow Meghan and Harry to return part-time after US snub? [ANALYSIS] At the time, Prince William spoke fondly of their first home. Speaking at the Anglesey Show, the Duke said: "This island has been our first home together, and it will always be an immensely special place for us both. “Catherine and I look forward to returning again and again over the coming years with our family. "I know that I speak for Catherine when I say that I have never in my life known somewhere as beautiful and as welcoming as Anglesey." They share the Kensington Palace apartment with their children – Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince Louis, three. On Tuesday, the couple were greeted by cheering crowds outside Abergavenny Market.  While the Duke and Duchess greeted well-wishers, Liz Brewer, a local resident, asked about the wellbeing of the couple’s three children. The Duke replied: "The children are very well, thank you." William also revealed the sweet tradition he and Kate share with them before the couple leave for royal visits. William said: "They are always asking us where we are going. "And we show them where we are on the map."