Chelsea's scheduled Champions League knockout stage meeting with Lille on Wednesday has been plunged into serious doubt after the European Union decided to sanction Roman Abramovich on Tuesday, according to reports. The 55-year-old oligarch, who has owned the Blues since 2003, was previously hit with a number of UK government sanctions in the wake of Russia's ongoing invasion of Ukraine. The measures left Chelsea unable to sell match-day tickets, merchandise or renegotiate contracts, while supporters will not be allowed to attend games unless they are season ticket holders until further notice. The European champions will also be forced to spend no more than £20,000 on travel to away matches under the current circumstances. Abramovich is now set to be hit with fresh EU sanctions along with 14 other individuals, including the likes of Konstantin Ernst, who is the chief executive of Russia's Channel One. The new restrictions have the potential to threaten the status of Wednesday's second-leg knockout stage match between Chelsea and Lille in the Champions League, according to L'Equipe. There is said to be a 'real risk' over whether the game will be allowed to go ahead in the wake of the latest sanctions that are set to be handed down to Abramovich. Chelsea will carry a two-goal advantage into the tie after Kai Havertz and Christian Pulisic found the back of the net in last month's reverse fixture at Stamford Bridge. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel calls out Boris Johnson over Abramovich Abramovich recently spoke of his desire to sell Chelsea when it became clear that he was at risk of being sanctioned by the UK government in light of recent developments in Ukraine. He will reportedly be allowed to oversee a change in ownership in spite of the restrictions in place, with any money raised needing to be frozen by the government or channeled into a charity. A number of potential suitors are still believed to be interested in buying the club in spite of the current situation at Stamford Bridge. Recent reports have claimed that a bid worth around £2.7billion has already been lodged by Saudi Media, which is owned by Chelsea fan Mohamed Alkhereiji. New York Jets owner Woody Johnson has also been put forward as another interested party, while the wealthy Ricketts family are also said to be keeping a close eye on the situation. British billionaire Nick Candy and Turkish businessman Muhsin Bayrak have also claimed to be in the running to purchase Chelsea in the not-too-distant future. Chelsea have been allowed to continue operating as a club after they were handed a special licence by the UK government due to their role as a 'culturally significant asset'. Their lucrative shirt sponsorship deal with Three was suspended by the mobile telecommunications company last week before Japanese automotive manufacturer Hyundai followed suit on Saturday. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here