Ralf Little has revealed the worst thing about filming BBC crime drama Death in Paradise, which is set on the French Caribbean island of Guadeloupe. Ralf plays DI Neville Parker alongside the likes of Ben Miller and Kris Marshall. Speaking in an interview with HELLO!, Ralf admitted that while the tropical location might look beautiful, it’s a nightmare when it comes to filming. Asked what his favourite thing was about shooting the much-loved programme, Ralf replied: “Swimming in the Caribbean Sea at lunchtime. “It’s a constant battle with the heat and the costume department are having to blow dry my shins if I’ve sweated through my trousers - that’s happened once, how mad is that?” he added. “I’m like yeah, that’s what I want, more heat!” he added, sarcastically. The 42-year-old, who first appeared in Death In Paradise back in 2013, recently updated fans on his character’s future on the show, after the series 11 final landed on BBC One last week. The Saint Marie policing team were tasked with solving a murder that took place during a chess match. As the island's detectives investigated the death, more mysteries unfolded which left viewers on the edge of their seats. While fans have an agonising wait for the next series to air, Ralf has confirmed whether Neville will be returning. "Thanks to everyone for watching @deathinparadise series 11,” he tweeted. "It is a privilege to play Neville and lead this fantastic show, and it gives me great pleasure to confirm I’ll be returning to Saint Marie for series 12." But while Death in Paradise has been a resounding success, another of Ralf’s ventures was not so fortunate. He was left disappointed when his live shows with former Two Pints Of Lager And A Packet Of Crisps co-star Will Mellor had to be switched from their original dates in February to March and April, owing to continued concerns over the coronavirus pandemic. DON'T MISS... Strictly's Motsi Mabuse unleashes fury on Ukraine remarks (INSIGHT)Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby (ADMISSION)Fern Britton shares rare insight into first marriage split (UPDATE) He explained that had they gone ahead with the show while restrictions were still in place, it would have lacked an interactive element, leaving him "embarrassed" at the prospect of earning from it at all. "The whole point of going to people's towns and cities is so that they can come and be a part of the show - interaction!" agreed Coronation Street star Will. "We could have done a tour where everyone comes along and we sit on stage and we do exactly what we're doing now [in the podcast] and we sit and chat," scorned Ralf. "But I wouldn't feel happy taking people's money for that. I'd actually feel sadly embarrassed!" Recalling the moment they realised they needed to scrap the show, Ralf said: “We [thought], 'We hope people aren't going to be angry with us!'" "[However] people have been really lovely actually. "If people feel a little bit nervous about going out, we'd rather try and wait until they can come - especially if they've paid for the ticket but don't want to come out," he elaborated. "We don't want them to spend their money on nothing!"