 The Royal Family came together to celebrate the life and work of Prince Philip at Westminster Abbey on Tuesday. The Queen’s attendance was subject to speculation amid concerns about the monarch’s health. However, Her Majesty was determined to attend the service of thanksgiving for her beloved husband, and was escorted into the Abbey by her son, Prince Andrew.  The Duke of York has remained out of the limelight in recent months. The Service of Thanksgiving marks the Duke’s first public appearance since he was stripped of his military titles and royal patronages, and paid millions in an out-of-court settlement to Virginia Giuffre. Andrew accompanied the Queen to Philip’s memorial service in what was seen as a clear signal of Her Majesty’s support for her son. The two royals travelled together from Windsor Castle to Westminster Abbey in the Queen’s state limousine.  While many claimed that it was the Duke of York who made a call to take a role in the forefront of the event, a royal commentator explained that it was the Queen’s decision. True Royalty TV co-founder, Nick Bullen told Wednesday’s episode of Royally Us that the Queen was signalling that her family are “united”. He said: “I think the message the Queen was sending out at that point, by having Andrew by her side, was that this is a family event, this is a family thanksgiving for the head of the family. “And the Queen wanted the support of one of her children to bring her in and Andrew was clearly going to be that guy.”  He added: “It was very clearly not a public or state event, it was a family event and the messaging from the Queen is: My family may well have been through some terminals through the last few months, but we are united as a family.” The appearance comes almost a month after Andrew settled his lawsuit with Ms Giuffre. Ms Giuffre had accused the Duke of sexually assulting her in 2001 when she was 17, allegations he vehemently denies. In the settlement, which is not an admission of guilt, he pledged to make a “substantial donation” to her charity which supports sex trafficking victims. In November 2019, the Duke of York stepped down from his role in public life. DON'T MISS: Queen grants rare 'royal' title to beloved association [INSIGHT]Queen’s sneaky trick to make sure Queen Mother was ready for dinner [COMMENT]Queen packs day with seven engagements as she honours Philip's aides [VIDEO]  Having been subsequently stripped of his honorary titles and patronages, and stopped using his HRH title, the Duke had been cast adrift from the institution. At the memorial service, Andrew joined other members of the Royal Family, including Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Prince William, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, Sophie, Countess of Wessex, Princess Anne, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. The service hosted a congregation of 1,800, including many representatives of the hundreds of charities that Prince Philip championed, including the Duke of Edinburgh Awards.  The ceremony was also attended by around 30 foreign royals, many of whom were on the pre-pandemic guest list to Prince Philip's funeral. Mr Bullen noted the “personal” element of the event and its bringing together of Philip’s extended family. He said: “And if you look at the range of people that were there – it was a very personal event, albeit in one of the largest churches in Britain.  “But, it had all of his cousins from the Mountbatten side sitting immediately opposite the Royal Family. “Behind the royals, you had virtually every crowned head of Europe, all of whom are cousins of Philip and the Queen.” Prince Andrew was seen sitting next to his brother Prince Edward, who was with his wife Sophie and their children Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. After the service concluded, the Duke escorted Her Majesty out of the Abbey. The pair were seen leaving together in the Queen’s car.