A Cold Weather Payment is made by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to people on certain benefits every time the temperature drops, or is predicted to fall, below zero for seven consecutive days. With just two weeks left until the scheme ends, now could be the time for Britons to check if they are eligible. Lots of Britons would benefit from a financial boost right now, particularly those on a low income. Over the last couple of weeks, British households have been receiving shocking bills from their energy providers and some will be wondering how they are going to pay for their energy bills. The Cold Weather Payment scheme runs from November 1 to March 31 every year and pays those on a low income £25 for every week of extreme cold weather. Britons receiving any one of six state benefits should qualify for these extra payments. READ MORE: Nationwide interest rate rise - 'one of highest' rates on high street Millions of Britons on Pension Credit and Universal Credit will be eligible for a Cold Weather Payment to help them get through the cold winter months. The DWP has made Cold Weather Payments to over three million households so far with some areas receiving triple payments of £75. After each period of cold weather, those who are eligible should receive a payment within two weeks. However, some people may fall through the gaps and are being urged to check whether they should have received a payment. DON'T MISS:‘It’s a joke!’ State pensioners demand reversal of triple lock freeze [UPDATE]Shoppers warned as credit and debit cards could decline from Monday [WARNING]Sunak launches new inheritance tax and capital gains tax grab in April [INSIGHT] Who qualifies for a cold weather payment? Anyone receiving the above benefits should automatically qualify. They can check the cold weather payments checker on the DWP website to see if their area has been cold enough. If it has - yet they haven’t received any money - they should get in touch with their local benefits office. Doing so now should mean that they receive the money before the scheme comes to an end on March 31. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, millions of Britons are eligible for Pension Credit, Universal Credit, Income Support, Jobseeker's Allowance and ESA but don’t claim. To check eligibility for this vital Government support, people can use a benefits calculator. This could add up to thousands over the course of a year, not to mention additional help through things like free prescriptions. It is quick and simple to work out if someone could claim and there is a benefits calculator on the Government's website.