Each star sign in the zodiac has different qualities, needs, and desires when it comes to finding love and being in love. Gemini, the third sign in the zodiac, is represented by the Twins. Geminis are described as curious, affectionate, and kind. But what are their love traits and which star sign are they most compatible with? According to Horoscope.com, Geminis love to date so much that they consider the activity a “skill”. The website’s experts claimed: “Gemini are great at drawing first dates out of their shells, and they rarely have a bad date – because this optimism-infused sign will always find something positive about the person they meet or the conversation they shared.” READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours However, it is difficult for Geminis to take the next step after a date. This may be due to the fact that they are independent and do not want to give that up for someone they are not 100 percent sure about. Horoscope.com continued: “And while Gemini aren't dishonest, their ruling planet Mercury makes them especially adept at telling others what they want to hear – which some might perceive as leading people on. “Gemini aren’t bound by convention. If they find themselves partnering with someone who isn’t the type that their friends or family would have expected, well, Gemini just don’t care. “Once in love, Gemini aren’t afraid to make their own rules (with their partner of course) about what the relationship looks like.” DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to remove mould from shower tiles 'without scrubbing' [UPDATE]How to grow the biggest hydrangeas - Pruning, mulching and watering  [TIPS]How to clean green marks off your fence - and keep them off [INSIGHT] Gemini’s best love match is Aries. This is perhaps because the fire sign is intense and passionate, just like Gemini. Both signs are also fiercely independent, which could result in an unconventional romance. Other signs Gemini is attracted to are Leo and Libra. But what’s in store for Geminis today, March 4? Geminis are urged to be communicative with their loved one and “look at all the plans and projects that you would both dearly love to work on”. Horoscope.com continued: “This is a time to plan ahead as far as your most important relationship is concerned, rather than looking back over ground already covered. “The planetary alignment today indicates that this is a good opportunity for getting into a discussion about where the relationship is going.” As for the rest of the week, the astrologists continued: “Persuasive Mars also links up with logical Aquarius over the weekend, so you’re able to convince most people of just about anything. “This can be quite a useful tool in the dating world, but just make sure you aren’t coming across like a know-it-all. “Fellow air sign Aquarius also takes hold of romantic Venus over the weekend, reminding you that you really appreciate your freedom,” Horoscope.com added. “Spend time in the coming weeks enjoying your friends and family without worrying about love. “It will find you when you’re ready.”