Mario McKnight is the cleaning expert inspiring his over 140k followers to do the very same. The Instagram cleaning guru posts his tips and tricks to @cleaning_with_mario, alongside images of his chic and tidy home. He recently discussed his "holy grail" product for cleaning the shower. Now he is talking oven cleaning with Express.co.uk. Mario has one product for tackling the oven the cleaner swears by. READ MORE: 'Blown my mind': Cleaners go wild for baking soda trick to clean pan with stubborn stains He said: "I use one product for the whole oven and that is the Cream Paste Oven Cleaner from the brand Astonish. "This product is fantastic and makes the job super easy." The product costs only £1.19 from the brand, which states: "Our Oven & Cookware Cleaner tackles cleaning by easily removing tough dirt and grime to restore items to become like new. "Formulated with no harsh chemicals, you'll never need to wear gloves!" DON'T MISS'Amazing product': £1 trick to clean grease from the oven [EXPERT] 'Works great': Easy and simple £1 trick to clean the oven [HACK] 'Simple' £1 bicarbonate of soda hack for the oven door [HOW TO] Mario explained how he uses his oven go to. He told Express.co.uk: "You simply wipe the product all over the oven, leave for 15 minutes then simply rinse off. Done!" Mario tackles his oven grills using the same product. "Grill trays I do the very same!" he explained. Britons can find Astonish products available in the likes of Home Bargains, Savers and Poundland. Another cleaning expert recently discussed how to clean grease from the oven. Jen Needham, also known as the Cleaning Fairy Godmother is a cleaning guru with a huge 800k followers on TikTok. She said: "For anything greasy on surfaces hot water and washing up liquid does a great job." Jen also detailed her favourite product for tackling grease. She said: "Another amazing product for grease is Elbow Grease. "It works to break down greasy stains on surfaces and clothes." The Elbow Grease All Purpose Degreaser can be bought on Amazon for £1. It's a cleaning cupboard stalwart and cleanfluencer Mrs. Hinch is a fan.