Nick Kyrgios received a game penalty after smashing his racket in anger as he continued an argument with umpire Carlos Bernardes. He started the second set a break down as a result after losing the first, and was chased by a court invader who attempted to get a selfie with the Aussie after his tirade. Kyrgios was invovled in a turbulent first set, first complaining about the difference in the Grandstand court compared to the Stadium court, playing his first match of the week against Sinner on Grandstand. The world No 102 then turned his attention to chair umpire Carlos Bernardes after his walky-talky accidentally went off mid-rally in the first set. The Aussie had already received a code violation for audible obscenity earlier in the first set and was slapped with the first penalty, the loss of a point, during the first-set tiebreak. Things then escalated when the ninth seed took the opener 7-6(3), as Kyrgios continued his rant at the umpire, also speaking to his box. Retreating to his bench for the changeover, the 26-year-old continued shouting at the umpire to explain why he had received a violation for unsportsmanlike conduct. Kyrgios then smashed his racket and demanded a supervisor come to the court, as Bernardes handed the former world No 13 a game penalty, meaning he would start the second set a break down. As both players walked to the baseline to begin the second set with Sinner leading 1-0, things were momuntarily halted as security came onto the court to escort off an invader who ran on in attempt to grab a selfie with the Aussie fresh off his second penalty. JUST IN: Nadal gives French Open boost as Spaniard seen training amid injury  The game penalty also meant Kyrgios was one more code violation away from a default, the next penalty in the ranks that an umpire can give. The oldest player left in the men's singles draw in Miami, the 26-year-old continued to air his grievances with Bernardes early in the second set, sarcastically clapping him at the change of ends. Bernardes was then forced to ask a ball girl to pick up a stray ball when Kyrgios was ready to serve at the baseline, prompting more sarcastic applause from the world No 102 which led to the crowd joining in, whistling and jeering on the umpire. "I know you’re against me but just some respect," Bernardes was forced to hit back at the rowdy spectators. DON'T MISSDjokovic and Nadal face challenge amid Wawrinka plan to return to topMedvedev told 'focus on third goal' with Russian not on Djokovic levelOsaka hits back at Tsitsipas' suggestion about women's tennis  Kyrgios was also the centre of controversy in Indian Wells last week, when he smashed his racket in frustration after losing his quarter-final to Rafael Nadal. A ballboy was forced to jump out the way and avoid accidentally being hit by the racket. Once the Australian saw the moment in footage later on, he publicly apologised and sought out the ball kid on social media, personally meeting him the following day to say sorry and gift him a racket. Kyrgios was still fined a total of £19,000 ($25,000) for the match - the maximum £15,000 ($20,000) fine for unsportsmanlike conduct in relation to the racket incident plus £4,000 ($5,000) for an audible obscenity earlier in the match.