The Prince of Wales, 73, and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, 74, are in Southend-on-Sea today. The couple’s visit to the Essex resort town on behalf of the Queen comes as it is granted city status. Southend was set to submit a bid to become a city this year to coincide with the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. But its hopes were fast-tracked after the town’s former MP, Sir David Amess, was murdered during his regular consituency surgery. The Queen gave the ramped-up plans royal approval ahead of preparations to mark events celebrating her becoming Britain’s longest-serving monarch. As part of the monarch’s Jubilee, she said last month that it was her wish for Camilla to be known as Queen Consort when Charles becomes King. The move is a major sign of the Queen’s backing for the Duchess, who was previously set to be known by the lesser title of Princess Consort. The Queen’s gesture sparked speculation over her succession, including over how Charles would be crowned King. Professor Vernon Bogdanor at King's College London told Express.co.uk that “people won’t want controversies” at the coronation. JUST IN: Princess Olga Romanov's blunt take on Meghan Markle and Prince Harry The constitutional expert discussed whether Charles may make changes to the traditional coronation, and expressed his uncertainty when asked if the royal will opt for a less grand ceremony than previous monarchs. He said: “It is impossible to know. But I think it is very difficult to alter the ceremony. “That is laid down by custom. I think what will be done is that it won’t be just the peers as it was. “It will be MPs, plus representatives of the Commonwealth monarchies no doubt of the other republics. “The service itself requires a statute to change it. “And the trouble is that any changes will arouse all sorts of controversies and people won’t want that.” Questions over Charles’ coronation follow years of speculation that he will favour a so-called “slimmed-down monarchy”. Newspaper reports have suggested the prince is considering slimming down the number of official senior royals when he succeeds the Queen. A source told the Daily Mail last month that Charles is also planning a scaled-back coronation as part of Operation Golden Orb. DON'T MISS: Historian stunned by amazing Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn discovery: ‘That surprised me’ [LATEST]Meghan Markle's 'extraordinary' meeting with Queen before exit from Royal Family [INSIGHT]‘Cruel’ plan to strip Beatrice and Eugenie of royal styles ‘got vetoed’ [ANALYSIS] Under the plans, he and Camilla are to be crowned side by side during the same ceremony at Westminster Abbey. Professor Bogdanor told Express.co.uk that he thinks there will be greater representation of the Commonwealth at Charles’ coronation, and that the traditional Anglican service may be expanded to represent the world’s other leading faiths. He said: “I think it will be a colourful ceremony, which people like. “They liked the one in 1953 after the post-war austerity, a bit of colour. “I don’t think people object to that, [it’s] a bit more fun. “There will be street parties and the like — I doubt if that will alter much.”