There’s never been a more important time to make the most of free Government money and tax breaks. Brushing up on HMRC rules could save Britons thousands of pounds in taxes this year alone. The UK tax year is coming to an end on April 6, meaning Britons have just a few weeks to get their tax accounts in order. There’s still time to make the most of free Government money which could end up saving people thousands of pounds. Emma Keywood, senior product manager for AJ Bell's Dodl app said savers and investors can do a few things to make sure they aren’t caught out paying too much tax. She said: “Whether it’s your pension or Lifetime ISA, it’s important to get as much free Government cash as you’re entitled to. READ MORE: NS&I raises interest rates on two savings accounts - who will benefit? Ms Keywood explained: “Pensions benefit from tax relief at 20 percent for basic-rate taxpayers, but higher and additional rate payers can reclaim an additional 20 percent or 25 percent tax relief respectively through their tax return. “That means for a basic-rate taxpayer every £1 in your pension only costs you 80p and for a higher-rate taxpayer every £1 in your pension only costs you 60p. “Anyone using a Lifetime ISA can also get up to £1,000 of free money from the Government each year, if you put in the maximum £4,000 contribution.” Anyone who has some of this year’s allowance left should make the most of it before the tax year ends. DON'T MISS:Sunak launches new inheritance tax and capital gains tax grab in April [UPDATE]Pensioners could get up to £300 for heating bills [INSIGHT]Take care when writing your will – five mistakes to avoid [WARNING] The tax expert advised: “Just be aware that there is an exit penalty of 25 percent if you withdraw Lifetime ISA money before age 60 and don’t use it to buy your first property (or are seriously ill)." The tax expert also suggest people use their capital gains allowance to cut their future tax bill. Investors can make investment gains of up to £12,300 in the year 2021 to 2022 without paying any tax. To take the hassle out of saving and investing after the April deadline, Ms Keywood recommends setting up a direct debit. She said: “This will automatically transfer the money into your investment account each month- maybe on payday. “People can then set up regular investing on their platform, which will automatically buy the funds or shares you’ve chosen.” Ms Keywood added it is important to try and beat low inflation rates and investing could be the way to do this. She explained: “If you saved £200 a month into a cash ISA, earning the current average ISA interest rate of 0.19 percent you’d have a pot worth £24,250 after 10 years. "But if you invested that and earned five percent interest a year you’d have almost £31,700 – £7,444 more.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea AJ Bell’s handy five point checklist: 