Many people are aware that long-term use of antidepressants and pain medication can cause unpleasant withdrawal symptoms. But far fewer probably anticipate this happening when stopping a prescription skin cream. Yet increasing numbers of patients who have used topical steroids long-term, to manage conditions such as eczema and psoriasis, are experiencing awful problems when they cut back on use such as skin turning red, splitting, oozing and peeling. Current National Institute for Health and Care Excellence guidelines say steroid creams should only be prescribed for seven to 14 days at a time, but, anecdotally, many eczema sufferers say their prescription is renewed repeatedly by their GP, meaning they can end up using them for years. In September, a review by the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency and Commission on Human Medicines, concluded there is "growing evidence of topical steroid withdrawal reactions if they are used continually for a long time". The review said: "We understand that these effects (skin redness and burning, worse than the original condition) occur very infrequently. However, they can be debilitating and long-lasting." And so little is still known on the subject that some GPs dismiss patient concerns when they raise the issue or seek help for withdrawal symptoms. ------------------------------ Ruth Holroyd:  " I had bone deep itching in my hands and feet and I'd scratch for hours." Ruth Holroyd, 49, was diagnosed with eczema as a child. When it worsened in her 40s, she began using a high-dose topical steroid cream four times a day - and continued for years. "My GP repeatedly told me steroid creams were safe to use, despite me raising concerns about withdrawal," says Ruth, 49, a freelance writer who lives in Chalfont St Peter, Bucks, and runs online resource whatallergy.com. "It's really tricky because topical steroid withdrawal is rarely talked about and some medical professionals aren't willing to accept it, so it can feel like you're being gaslighted," she says, adding that her GP had "laughed it off " when she raised the subject. "It felt like it was spiralling out of control. If I put steroids on my foot it would heal my face and I felt like I was reliant on the cream," she says. So in 2019, she decided to stop using them completely, despite her doctor insisting creams were safe and there was nothing to worry about. "It felt bonkers to go against medical advice, but my skin was getting worse and worse," she says. For the next six months, Ruth experienced a gruelling withdrawal, including nerve pain so bad it kept her up at night. "I couldn't regulate my temperature properly so I often felt too hot or too cold," she says. "I had bone-deep itching in my hands and feet and I'd to scratch for hours." "The skin was so fragile, it felt as if it would split when I bent a limb." "Then it started dripping with a clear liquid, which smelled awful. After the oozing it crusted over, then the cycle started over again." One of the reasons medics can dismiss topical steroid withdrawal is that its symptoms can present in a very similar fashion to a flare-up of eczema. "Topical steroid withdrawal needs to be distinguished from patients who have atopic eczema which is under-treated and flares when patients using their anti-inflammatory ointments," says The British Skin Foundation. Meanwhile, online communities supporting those living with eczema see a lot of talk of "topical steroid addiction", with sufferers saying their skin seems to need ever-increasing doses to be soothed. However, in a joint statement, the National Eczema Society and the British Association of Dermatologists said this is more likely to be caused by other factors. "Some people with eczema are allergic to their topical corticosteroid or become allergic after a period of use," the groups said. "The inflammation caused by steroid treatment can outweigh the anti-inflammatory effect of the steroid within the cream, so the skin condition fails to improve." "This is sometimes referred to as topical steroid addiction because it may seem as if more corticosteroid is needed to get the same benefit." It is thought the culprit may be a preservative or other ingredient of the cream, rather than the steroid itself, and this can be identified by patch testing. Stopping use of topical steroids may also result in rosacea or acne flaring up, as the inflammation in the body is no longer suppressed. The British Skin Foundation adds: "There is evidence that topical steroid withdrawal is a genuine problem. Patients who experience topical steroid withdrawal describe how awful living with this problem is, as it affects their skin, general and psychological health. "Getting control of topical steroid withdrawal problems can take some time and often a multidisciplinary approach with primary care, nursing and other colleagues is helpful." ------------------------------ Jenifer Guertin: "Nothing (but steroid cream) would soothe itching" Jennifer Guertin, 42, of Ely, Cambs, got eczema on her hands in her mid-20s and was prescribed a topical steroid. "I relied on using strong steroid cream if it got really bad, but afterwards my hands would be sore and my skin would rip so my hands would be covered in plasters," says Jennifer, 42, who owns jewellery brand Sharkie & Bear and lives with her husband Jean-Claude, 46, an RAF pilot, and their children Charlotte, seven, and Hugo, three. She now believes she was stuck in a cycle of her skin reddening and itching due to steroid withdrawal, which led her to treat her skin with further applications of steroid cream. "Nothing else would soothe the itching, which was unbearable, so I kept using it," she says. Jennifer's eczema finally healed a year ago and she firmly believes it's because she stopped using steroids long enough to recover from the withdrawal. "After 15 years of using them, my hands look a lot older than a normal pair of hands, and my skin is damaged," she says. "It was so hard to escape the cycle." After acknowledging topical steroid withdrawal publicly for the first time last year, the National Eczema Society and British Association of Dermatologists now say withdrawal symptoms usually occur after "excessive" use, by which they mean applying high-strength creams frequently for more than 12 months. They believe the redness seen by patients may be due to a sudden dilation of the blood vessels in the skin, as steroid creams restrict them, and issues can also arise from a gradual thinning of the skin from steroid use. Despite this recognition, the topic remains controversial and Ruth believes more should be done. "It's very lonely if you don't have people who understand what you're going through," she says. "We need to keep talking about it so we can make a change." Meanwhile, Andrew Proctor, chief executive of the National Eczema Society, says: "It's worrying and disappointing to hear people feel concerns were dismissed by their GP. "If patients are concerned about their long-term use of high potency topical steroids, we would suggest they ask their GP about alternative treatments, including, if clinically appropriate, topical calcineurin inhibitors (tacrolimus or pimecrolimus), which are not steroid based. "We might also suggest they ask their GP for a referral to a dermatologist, who is able to prescribe other treatments if topical steroids are not effective." The National Eczema Society provides information about the safe use of topical steroids (eczema.org) and runs a free helpline (0800 448 0818; 10am-4pm Mon-Fri or email helpline@eczema.org).