Laura Kuenssberg has been announced as the replacement for Andrew Marr on the BBC’s flagship Sunday morning politics slot. After seven years in one of the broadcaster's top jobs, Ms Kuenssberg will still be one of the main fixtures of the BBC’s political coverage. The outgoing Political Editor said regarding her appointment: “I couldn’t be more delighted. For decades, Sunday morning has been the moment to explore the events that shape us and to challenge and listen to our politicians. “It’s an honour to take the chair for that conversation in the 2020s.” Charlotte Moore, the BBC’s chief content officer, said: “Laura’s one of the BBC’s biggest talents and I’m delighted she’s becoming the new face of Sunday mornings. “I’m very much looking forward to seeing how she makes the show her own.” Read More: Brexit Britain must repair relationship with EU The salary for a BBC Political Editor is £260,000 to £265,000 per year. But the famous BBC face will be earning more for her Sunday morning slot. Andrew Marr earned between £335,000 and £340,000 per year during his tenure. However, it’s not expected that Ms Kuenssberg will take home the same salary, which would equate to a £75,000 pay rise. It is expected that she will receive a pay rise in the tens of thousands. The BBC indicated that Mr Marr had other commitments which Ms Kuenssberg will not take on. Ms Kuenssberg will also reduce her work on other projects, including the Newscast podcast. DON'T MISSBrexit: Furious row over eating INSECTS [INSIGHT]This is not the time to snipe at the PM, says JAMES WHALE [COMMENT]Naga Munchetty praises BBC co-star on 'excellent' show move update [ANALYSIS] Her full salary will be published in the BBC’s annual report, due in the summertime. Under Ms Kuenssberg, the show will also have a new look and feel, meaning there are likely to be changes to the set, title sequence and music. It has been reported she beat the long-term Radio 4 Today programme presenter Mishal Husain to land the Sunday morning slot. The announcement is part of a BBC-wide reshuffle of on-screen presenters after a slew of top talents decided to ditch the national broadcaster. Mr Marr hosted the Sunday morning political show for 16 years, before quitting the BBC to host a new daily show on the radio station LBC and take on a political role at the New Statesman. Vacancies for some of the BBC’s top jobs are currently open, after Jon Sopel and Emily Maitlis left to join Global, which leaves who will take the role of Political Editor even more open than originally anticipated. Sophie Raworth has hosted the show in the interim after Mr Marr left, but she was overlooked for the permanent position. The Sky News presenter Sophy Ridge and the former Guardian political editor Anushka Asthana are among those reportedly waiting to hear if they have been chosen to replace Ms Kuenssberg.