Acclaimed Hollywood actor William Hurt died on Sunday, March 13 due to complications from prostate cancer in his home in Oregon, just a week before his 72nd birthday. Having worked together in two major feature films, Yellowstone star Kevin Costner took to Instagram to pay his condolences and celebrate his impressive career. Kevin fondly remembered his time working with William in two motion pictures, notably the psychological thriller film Mr Brooks. The Yellowstone star first met him on the set of The Big Chill, though Kevin’s scenes were removed from the final cut. In his latest social media post, he wrote: “Devastated to hear the news of William Hurt's passing. “I got to know him early in my career when we met working on The Big Chill.” READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' “William was a truly brilliant actor, and playing alongside him in Mr Brooks was one of the most transformative experiences of my career. He will be sorely missed.” In the 2007 thriller, Kevin portrays a successful businessman, Earl Brooks, who moonlights as a serial killer. William plays opposite him as Earl’s alter-ego, Marshall, who tries to convince him to succumb to his killing addiction. A number of fans took to the comments of Kevin’s tribute to his late co-star with some kind words for their performances in the film. @danydegrassi replied: “Loved that movie. RIP to a great performer.” “I enjoyed watching you and Bill in Mr Brooks Kevin,” @jerbizjak added. “You both did great performances in it. He will be missed by so many, including me. Truly one of the best actors ever.” And @mrsshoney1 commented: “So many wonderful films and roles over the years, as with you. He will be missed at the cinema.” DON'T MISS:MAFS Australia’s Jackson defends Olivia after glass smash [COMMENT]Discovery of Witches star details what happened after Emily’s death [SPOILERS]Star Trek Discovery: Book’s death ‘sealed’ by director hint [INSIGHT] “The Big Chill and Mr Brooks were both wonderful viewing experiences, albeit very different from each other.” William’s long acting career began in 1980 and continued over the next five decades. His most recent prominent appearance was reprising the role of Thaddeus ‘Thunderbolt’ Ross in Marvel’s Black Widow, a character he has played in The Incredible Hulk, Captain America: Civil War and Avengers: Infinity War and Endgame. He began his career with a leading role in Ken Russell’s experimental science fiction thriller, Altered States. William went on to receive Academy Award nominations for his performances in Kiss of the Spider Woman, Children of a Lesser God, Broadcast News and A History of Violence. Working alongside some of Hollywood’s biggest directors, he has also appeared in AI: Artificial Intelligence, Into the Wild, The Village and, more recently, the television series Mythic Quest. Meanwhile, Kevin will later be reprising his role as ranch owner John Dutton for the fifth season of Yellowstone and is slated to star and direct in his own Western film, Horizon. Yellowstone season 5 will air on the Paramount Network later in 2022.