Elden Ring Smithing Stones are vital to your progress in FromSoftware's latest masterpiece. Smithing Stones are used to upgrade your weapons in Elden Ring - whether that's blades, staffs, spears and even shields. Once you have enough Smithing Stones in your possession you'll be able to exchange these along with some runes to upgrade your weapon with Master Blacksmith Hewg at Roundtable Hold. Smithing Stones will play a key role in how you fare during your time in the Lands Between. And if you're just starting out in Elden Ring you may be wondering how exactly you get Smithing Stones, and how you can quickly get more of these crucial items. Well, one way you can get Smithing Stones in Elden Ring is simply to buy the items. You can buy Smithing Stones in Elden Ring at two locations - either from Master Iji who can be found in Liurnia of the Lakes or from the Twin Maiden Husks at Roundtable Hold.  If you're looking to find Smithing Master Iji, you will first of all have to defeat the Godrick the Grafted boss in Elden Ring. After beating this boss you will arrive in the Liurnia of the Lakes map region in Elden Ring. Then, head to the nortwest region where you'll hit a shore at the Kingsgrave Ruins. Either beat or run past the skeleton mages you find there, and as you move to the northern area of the ruins you'll find a magic wall. Strike that and it will disappear to show the Site of Grace on your right and Smithing Master Iji on your left. If you're looking for the Twin Maiden Husks then you'll find this shop at the Roundtable Hold. You'll have to offer the NPCs the Smithing Miner's Bell Bearing to get access though.  To do this you will need to head to Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel. This is in the Liurnia of the Lakes on the northeast side. You'll have to head through the Crystal Tunnel dungeon where you'll thankfully find plenty of Smithing Stones to collect. You will have to beat the Crystalian boss, and afterwards will be given the Smithing Miner's Bell Bearing. As Cnet explained online, there are other Smithing Miner's Bell Bearings that you can find. One can be found at the Sealed Tunnel dungeon in Leyndell, the Royal Capital. The other can be found at the Zamor Ruins at the Mountaintops of the Giants.  If you're looking to put in the legwork to farm Smithing Stones instead of buying them, then there is one area early on that's a prime hunting spot. And this area is the Limgrave Tunnels dungeon in West Limgrave. The miner enemies will drop these, which will help you upgrade your weapon. Other areas to farm Smithing Stones include a toppled statue that's north of the Stormgate. If you manage to lure one of the nearby giant trolls and it hits the statue you will get five tier one Smithing Stones and a tier two stone. You can also farm tier two Smithing Stones inside Stormveil Castle. At Stormveil Castle you'll also be able to find tier three Smithing Stones, with these also found at Laskyar Ruins, Raya Lucaria Academy and the Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel. While Somber Smithing Stones can be found at the Limgrave Tunnels, Forlorn Hound Evergaol and Stormveil Castle. 