Manchester United youngster Tahith Chong was reportedly held at knifepoint as masked gang members broke into his home in a terrifying 3am raid. The Birmingham City loanee saw thousands of pounds worth of possessions stolen in the break-in amid a string of similar incidents over the past few weeks. Three masked men reportedly broke into Chong's home while he was asleep at 3am on January 16. A knife was then held to his throat while robbers demanded that he hand over expensive items including jewellery, watches and bags. The 22-year-old was supposedly mocked for his poor security as he became the fifth United or Manchester City star to fall victim to a home raid in an area south of the City since Christmas. JUST IN: Harry Kane sends Wayne Rooney warning as he closes in on England record  A source told The Sun: "It was an awful experience for him. He was woken to the sight of three armed men in balaclavas holding knives to his throat. They also shone torches in his eyes and ordered him to get up and give them items, including watches. "It seemed like they knew what they were doing and what they were after. They knew who the player was and were calling him by his name. And they even told him that he really needed to improve his security or risked it happening again. DON'T MISS: England must have 'tremendous confidence' for Qatar 2022 - Southgate (NEWS)4 England u21 stars who can still make World Cup after Andorra win (INSIGHT)Arsenal star Smith Rowe misses England training again to create doubt (INJURIES)  "It’s chilling. He was left extremely shaken. The gang were professional and seemed like they had done it before, possibly to other players." Chong has been hailed as one of United's brightest young sparks since he was signed from Dutch side Feyenoord as a teenager in 2016. Having made 16 total appearances for the Red Devils, including 12 in a single season back in 2019/20, the winger was sent out on a third consecutive loan spell this campaign with Birmingham City.  The stint was disrupted for a few months when Chong was sent back up north to United for rehabilitation following surgery on a groin injury. All in all, he has notched once in 18 appearances in the West Midlands with the Blues now relatively comfortable in lower-mid table. Earlier in the season, Blues boss Lee Bowyer said of the Dutchman: "Everyone knows what he has been like since he has been here. He has been a massive player for us. He has been great here, we are definitely going to miss him." 