BBC One’s critically acclaimed cop thriller wrapped up its sixth outing with some shocking reveals and a record number of viewers for its jaw-dropping finale. Having become the most talked-about British drama of the last few years, series regular Martin Compston swung by The One Show to address the rumours that Line of Duty could eventually be back for a seventh instalment. Martin teased there could still be a seventh series of the popular cop show, despite showrunner Jed’s initial claims the drama had come to an end. The Scottish star has featured as detective Steve Arnott in all six series of Line of Duty so far. Speaking to Harry Judd and Alex Jones on The One Show, he hinted news of the next series could arrive within a few months. Reading out a viewer’s question, Alex asked: “Is there any truth about series seven of Line of Duty?” READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up Martin was thrilled to hear fans were still interested in seeing the story continue, but unfortunately wasn’t able to offer any official plans just yet. He replied: “Look, it’s really satisfying how much people have taken it to their hearts and that there’s so much interest in whether we’re coming back or not.” However, the Line of Duty mainstay explained the cast are currently all taking their usual time off in between new instalments. “We always take at least a year off,” he continued. “And then Jed decides if there’s a story or not to tell.” Martin has used his break from playing Detective Arnott to star in a new thriller for ITV, Our House. Meanwhile, he’s still unsure if Jed has started formulating plans for AC-12’s next case. The actor confirmed: “He wouldn’t do it just for the sake of it. “He’d only do it if he thinks it would take the story forward or there’s something there for people to respond to.” DON'T MISS:Lucifer’s Dan star sent tributes for huge new role [LATEST]Top Boy fans fume as major character killed in trailer [SPOILERS]The Rookie season 4: Fan-favourite death ‘sealed’? [VIDEO] “So, yeah, we’ll just see what the man comes up with,” he added. But if Martin's timeline stands correct and given the season six finale aired in May 2021, perhaps news may emerge in a couple of months once the crew's year off is up. Before the sixth series of Line of Duty aired last year, the series took a two-year break in between new episodes. While fans of the riveting crime drama were disappointed to learn there wasn’t a new instalment booked for this year, the current pattern indicates a new outing could start in March 2023. Until then, Martin, Vicky McClure and Adrian Dunbar are just sitting tight until they get word from Jed to come back. Martin reiterated: “But, for us, we’re in the same position we always have been. So it’s a ‘no comment’ kind of thing.” Even so, Alex leapt on the possibility of a new series, exclaiming: “Watch this space!” Hopefully the BBC will come back with an official announcement soon, but, for now, viewers will just have to be satisfied with the shocking yet divisive conclusion to last year’s series. Line of Duty series 1-6 are available to stream on BBC iPlayer.