Motorists in the Isle of Wight paid a staggering £2 per litre for diesel on Thursday when they went to fill up their vehicles. Drivers at Osborne Garage in East Cowes were shocked when they were charged 201.5p at the pumps, which is believed to be the most expensive fuel in the UK. The price jump marked a 10p increase from the previous day, when diesel cost 191.5p per litre. It is thought to be one of the first fuel stations in the country to be selling diesel for more than £2 per litre. Fuel retailers have seen prices climb in recent days after the cost of crude oil hit a 14-year high on Monday at $139 per barrel. The price per barrel of Brent crude, which is the most commonly used way of measuring the UK’s oil price, plummeted to $109 a barrel on Wednesday but quickly rose again to around $116 on Thursday. Simon Williams, RAC fuel spokesman, said: “There was a hint of better news on Wednesday on the wholesale market with substantial drops in both petrol and diesel which could lead, in a week or so, to a slight slowing in the daily pump price increases and records being broken less frequently.” But drivers will continue to see high prices on forecourts as retailers pass on their increased wholesale costs.” He added: “A tank of petrol is now almost £88 while diesel has now gone over £92. “Diesel unfortunately appears to be on a clear path to £1.70 a litre.” UK forecourts sold petrol at an average price of 156.9p per litre on Wednesday, up 3.2p since Monday, figures from data firm Experian Catalist revealed. The record-high fuel prices have been driven by the war in Ukraine following Russia’s invasion two weeks ago. Prices dropped briefly on Wednesday over confusion on whether major producers would help plug the gap in supplies from Russia after the United Arab Emirates appeared to push members of the Opec producer group to raise their output. READ MORE: British drivers hit by BIGGEST ever daily diesel price rise However, hopes were quickly quashed by the UAE’s energy minister who said Opec oil producers would not exceed its current output, leading prices to rise once more. Oil prices have risen by more than 30 per cent since Russian President Vladimir Putin invaded Ukraine on 24 February. Russia is the world’s second largest exporter of crude oil behind Saudi Arabia. As the war continues to rage in Ukraine, with Russian forces stepping up attacks across the country, fears are rising over the reliability of supply chains. International sanctions by Western governments against Russia could also further push up petrol prices. Russian imports currently account for around 8 percent of the UK’s annual oil demand. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Unhinged Putin vows to attack entire world [LIVE]EU army demands soar as Putin threatens to wreak havoc on continent [LATEST]Putin begins devastating Kyiv onslaught [BREAKING] Britons who are already feeling the squeeze from the cost of living crisis have been hit by soaring household heating bills amid concerns over oil and gas supplies. The RAC has called on Chancellor Rishi Sunak to help drivers by temporarily cutting VAT to at least 15 percent which would reduce petrol costs at the pump. The group said in a statement: “The RAC is now calling on the Treasury to look at an emergency, temporary cut in the VAT rate levied on fuel to ease some of the pain drivers are facing and to better protect them from upcoming rises.” The British government announced on Tuesday that the UK will phase out its imports of Russian oil by the end of the year. Business and energy secretary Kwasi Kwarteng confirmed that the phasing out would not be immediate to allow the UK to adapt. US President Joe Biden announced a ban on Russian oil on Tuesday in a move that is expected to pile pressure on the Kremlin, although US imports from Russian energy are only estimated to be worth around eight percent - three of which is crude oil.