Before the pandemic the number of people in the UK with long-term illness had been rising steadily. However, when the pandemic hit this number skyrocketed. According to a new report by the ONS, 14.2 million people aged between 16 and 64 say they suffered a health condition that lasted for more than 12 months. This is a rise of over one million people during the pandemic. The main reason for this rise is the phenomenon of Long Covid, the prolonged experience of symptoms of COVID-19. For some, Long Covid can be mild while for others it can be truly debilitating. The most recent report from the ONS shows that around one and a half million people are living with Long Covid, a rise of 500,000 since the end of 2021. At this rate the number of people living with the condition is set to grow as 2022 progresses. READ MORE: Dementia: The drink that could cause the brain to shrink and reduce me  In response to the report, Director of Strategy for disability charity Scope James Taylor said: “These figures show the ongoing shock waves of the past two years continue to affect lives today. “The government needs to get a grip on the cost of living crisis, and target financial support directly at disabled people”. Taylor’s comments highlight an important factor, that living with a disability comes with financial as well as physical and psychological cost. Data shows that those who have a disability are three times as likely not to be able to afford food and twice as likely to live in a cold house.     Although winter is nearing its end and spring is on the horizon, there could be multiple cold nights ahead. While the ONS report concerns itself with the number of working adults living with Long Covid, another charity, Long Covid Kids, is concerned about the number of children with symptoms of Long Covid. Their analysis shows those with pre-existing conditions were more likely to develop Long Covid than those who didn’t. Furthermore, those who engaged in limited physical activity were also more likely to suffer from Long Covid.  Long Covid forms part of the post-pandemic challenge for healthcare services around the world. However, it is not the only Covid related health problem that will cause issues. So too will be the effect of mild-Covid on the health system. A recent report published in the Nature journal, found that people who had had a mild form of a Covid and recovered were far more likely to develop heart disease than those who hadn’t. Published earlier this year, the report found that the risk increased for every individual regardless of race, sex, or gender.