Narek (played by Harry Treadaway) was a Romulan Tal Shiar agent in the first series of Star Trek Picard which made its debut in 2020. He was involved in many of the major moments of season one of the sci-fi show on Paramount+ and Amazon Prime Video and yet, his story has already come to an end. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about Treadaway's exit from the Patrick Steward-led show. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Star Trek Picard. Narek was a major character in the first season, having discovered Soji's (Isa Briones) home planet and led the Zhat Vash to the synths. He was also vital when it came to preventing the mass genocide when he chose to help Picard (Patrick Stewart) and his team. Narek was also in the middle of an ongoing romantic storyline with Soji so fans assumed there would be more of him to come. But just a few months after series one concluded, one of its stars revealed that Narek wouldn't be making a comeback for its second season. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series In an interview with Gold Derby two years ago, actor Stewart said: “We have a dazzling group of actors. "No matter who I find myself playing a scene with, it is interesting, unusual, challenging, and always exciting. “And every one of us is back [for the sophomore run]. "Well, I think we may have said goodbye to Harry Treadaway, which I am disappointed about because I enjoyed working with him so much.” Treadaway hasn't come out to explain why he will not be returning to the popular sci-fi series. He has remained quiet on the matter with no indication that he was the one to walk. So it is possible it was a creative decision to cut Narek from the drama made by the creators of Star Trek Picard. Showrunner Michael Chabon hinted that the writers dropped the ball on this particular character's story. DON'T MISS...Danny Sebastian partner: Who is Bargain Hunt's Danny Sebastian with? [RELATIONSHIP]Jeremy Clarkson slammed as the 'd***head from Top Gear' by Will Mellor [REACTION]Wolf Like Me cast: Who is in the Prime Video series? [CAST] Answering a question on Narek's incomplete storyline via an Instagram Live Q&A, Chabon said: "Yeah. Narek. We know, we know. A casualty of the editorial process, alas. "The intention was for him to be taken into Federation custody." Because of this, it seems likely Treadaway could have been cut from the show for creative reasons. There isn't too much longer to wait for the new series to begin though.  Season two will premiere on Paramount+ in America on Thursday, March 3, with UK fans being treated to the same episode the following day on Amazon Prime Video. The series is going to be made up of 10 episodes with only the first instalment coming out this week. As long as there are no delays, the second season will conclude in May 2022. Star Trek Picard is available to watch Thursdays on Paramount+ in the USA and Fridays on Amazon Prime Video in the UK.