Ukraine’s ministry of foreign affairs reported on Tuesday that 12,000 Russian personnel have been killed in its latest assessment of their losses to date. The announcement comes as a second humanitarian corridor has opened between Mariupol and Zaporizhia, with buses heading to the port city that has been without water, power and heating for seven days. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky announced last night that a child had died from dehydration in the city, as he likened the humanitarian crisis caused by Russian bombardment of Ukraine to the Nazi invasion during World War 2. For the best part of 30 years, since the end of the Cold War, the world has largely avoided wars between great powers. Yet, in the last month, Russia has completely upended this system by invading Ukraine, which is being armed to the teeth by its historical rival, NATO. Once again, the West is preparing for a long-term confrontation with Russia, in striking parallels to the Cold War, generally considered to span from the 1947 Truman Doctrine to the 1991 dissolution of the Soviet Union. Quite how the Cold War actually ended, however, has been the subject of intense debate among international relations scholars for many years. Some point to the role of Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, others have hailed US President Ronald Reagan and his policies, with a combination of other forces also believed to have been at play. Express.co.uk will assess the main factors bringing about the end of the Cold War and more than 40 years of ideological and geopolitical tensions between the Western Bloc and the Eastern Bloc. READ MORE: 'Russia is rattled!' Kremlin rocked by Boris Johnson's Ukraine support Features of the Cold War include the building up of arms, in particular nuclear weapons, the Space Race, propaganda and ‒ most poignantly ‒ proxy wars between superpowers in other countries. Throughout the Eighties, the Soviet Union fought an increasingly frustrating war in Afghanistan. The Soviets captured Kabul Airport on Christmas Eve in 1979, and installed a pro-Soviet government on January 1, 1980. Islamic groups deeply opposed the Soviet occupation, with heavily armed insurgent groups called the Mujahideen determined to fight against them. By the mid-Eighties, the USSR was under intense pressure to withdraw — the United Nations had requested they leave and the US placed fierce economic sanctions on them. When Mikhail Gorbachev came to power in 1985, he withdrew troops from Afghanistan. A peace treaty was signed in 1988 and all Soviet troops had withdrawn by the following year. Soviet policies were the subject of increasing opposition in Eastern Europe throughout the Eighties — with growing numbers opposed to the presence of the Red Army in the Eastern Bloc. Unrest first appeared in Poland with protests over food shortages and the price of consumer products. A trade union called Solidarity was established, and quickly gained 10 million members, before it was banned in early 1982 and its leaders arrested. DON'T MISS:Zelensky's successor unmasked with President an assassination target [INSIGHT]Vladimir Putin signed law granting lifelong immunity from prosecution [REVEALED]‘They need help!’ Hundreds of British citizens head to Ukraine [NEW] Yet, the Polish economy continued to decline, and protests were gaining momentum again in 1988. An agreement was made the following year to hold new elections with the guarantee of reduced communist influence. Solidarity was once again legalised and formed a coalition without the Communist Party. Elsewhere in the Eastern Bloc, Hungarians were fleeing to the West after the border with Austria was opened and free movement permitted in autumn 1989. People were leaving East Germany in their thousands too, and the USSR would not send in forces. On the night of November 8, 1990, the border between East and West Germany was opened and the Berlin Wall fell. The Russian economy had been struggling immensely for much of the latter years of the Cold War, and they simply did not have the finances to match America’s nuclear missile plans. Living standards in the Eastern Bloc were falling fast, while in the West the opposite was happening. Reagan had ramped up military expenditure to 13 percent in 1982, prompting Soviet concerns that it could no longer keep up in the arms race. Reagan had a difficult relationship with Leonid Brechnev — Gorbachev’s predecessor — but this changed when Gorbachev took charge. When Gorbachev came to power, he wished to modernise the USSR and improve American relations. He realised that, if Russia wished to modernise, it could no longer compete in the arms race, so he needed to reduce tensions with America and its allies. It became clear very early on that Gorbachev would be a far different leader from his predecessors. He met Margaret Thatcher in 1984 and she said: “I like Gorbachev. We can do business together.” Gorbachev met Reagan the following year and held positive talks, with Gorbachev likening the struggles of humankind to those of mountain climbers: “They can either climb together to the mountain peak or fall together into an abyss.” His policies of glasnost (openness) and perestroika (reform) proved instrumental to ending the Cold War. Glasnost aimed for openness in politics, with a more liberal Gorbachev favouring greater freedom of speech and the stamping out of corruption. Perestroika, meanwhile, sought to modernise and rebuild the Soviet state. Ultimately, the Cold War had begun because the Eastern and Western blocs had very different ideologies — communism and capitalism. Gorbachev’s new policies changed this, and encouraged Russians and Eastern Europeans to speak out against communism if they wished, and for communist politicians to take these criticisms on board. Despite initial scepticism, Gorbachev proved committed to reversing the USSR’s economic fortunes, instead of continuing the arms race. But Reagan prompted him to go further with his reforms. In a speech at the Brandenburg Gate, he famously said: “Mr Gorbachev, open this gate. Mr Gorbachev, tear down this wall!” On December 3, 1989, Gorbachev and new US President George HW Bush declared the Cold War over. The Soviet Union was on the brink of collapse by this point, and communist states fell in East Germany, Poland, Hungary, Czechoslovakia and Bulgaria. The USSR was declared officially dissolved on Boxing Day in 1991, prompting a speech from Mr Bush: “The biggest thing that has happened in the world in my life, in our lives, is this: “By the grace of God, America won the Cold War.” Historians and scholars have long debated the ending of the Cold War, with many accrediting only one factor — such as Gorbachev’s leadership. It seems the War was ultimately ended by a perfect political storm of these factors, and it may not have finished without one of them. The origins of the current conflict, in Putin’s eyes, date back to the immediate post-Cold War years, when NATO expanded eastward, taking advantage of Russian weakness at the time. The current situation in Ukraine, however, is not entirely the same. This time around, Moscow cannot rely on the Eastern Bloc and is more vulnerable to international sanctions. However, largely due to Putin himself, the threat of nuclear warfare — the Cold War’s defining feature — is back on the table once again.