Manchester United will go into Tuesday evening’s Champions League match with Atletico Madrid on a high after beating Tottenham 3-2 on Saturday night. Cristiano Ronaldo was the best player on the pitch at the weekend, with the Portugal international giving his side all three points. And he’ll be hoping to start the match at Old Trafford tomorrow night. Many of United’s players are all but guaranteed to start the match with Atletico. Ronaldo won’t be dropped, especially with the Portugal international now appearing to be back to his best. Neither will Fred or Jadon Sancho, who both stood out during the victory against Tottenham. And, barring another Covid scare, David De Gea is primed to keep his place between the sticks despite Dean Henderson waiting in the wings. There are, however, some United players who weren’t at their best against Spurs. Three, in particular, stood out for their poor showing against Antonio Conte’s outfit. So Express Sport will now take a look at the trio who Ralf Rangnick should demote to the bench for the electric showdown at Old Trafford. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Paul Pogba has been a good asset for United at times this season. However, his form has dropped off in recent times and he was one of the worst players on the pitch against Tottenham. Compared to Fred, Pogba was outright abysmal - with the France international failing to impose himself on yet another big game. With all signs pointing to a parting of the ways come the end of the campaign, Rangnick should start reducing his game time. Fred, with Scott McTominay next to him, may perhaps be the best way to go. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message On his day, like Pogba, Harry Maguire can be one of the first names on the team sheet. Yet the England international’s form is worrying, especially when you consider he’s the captain of the club. Maguire was poor against Tottenham, providing another below-par display. His own goal, that gave Spurs hope of claiming at least a point, was a damning indictment of where he’s currently at. With Victor Lindelof ready to step up, the Swede may be the best option to partner Raphael Varane for the showdown at Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Marcus Rashford has endured a tough season so far. And while he was bright at times against Tottenham, the 23-year-old was another weak link on a night where Ronaldo rescued them. Rashford isn’t making the most of the opportunities he gets and doesn’t seem to be enjoying his football under Rangnick. Therefore, the German would be wise to start Anthony Elanga for the match with Diego Simeone’s team. Elanga has been bright when called upon and his performances, and goal in the reverse fixture, warrant a starting berth. United’s Champions League campaign got off to a poor start with a 2-1 defeat to Young Boys. However, they then proceeded to beat Villarreal and Atalanta with Ronaldo scoring dramatic late winners in both matches. United also beat Villarreal on the road, while drawing with Atalanta and Young Boys to top the group. Then, against Atletico Madrid last time out, they weren’t at their swashbuckling best. Yet they were able to earn a draw with Elanga cancelling out Joao Felix’s thunderbolt header.