  Virgin Radio host Kate Lawler, 41, has quit her job at the station after six years. This news comes after the presenter was rushed to hospital in recent days with a mysterious illness.      Kate explained she was departing because she wanted to focus on being a mum and taking care of herself. The radio presenter announced the news to her fans on Instagram tonight, admitting she was looking forward to spending some “quality time” with one-year-old daughter Noa. She revealed that she would be returning to broadcasting in the future, but that it felt necessary to take a break. In view of her 418,000 Instagram followers she wrote: “Some news… This will be my last week on @virginradiouk Drivetime after SIX wonderful years with the station. READ MORE: Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts     “It’s not been an easy decision for me to make and I know that I’ll return to radio broadcasting in the future but right now, it’s time to take a break. “Thank you to the bosses of Virgin Radio for being incredibly understanding and supportive of my decision and for holding the door open when the time is right to come back. “I’ve loved working here over the past six years and I’m so grateful they wanted to make returning to work for me as easy as possible and allowed me to work flexibly, three days a week. “I really tried to make it work while juggling lots of other projects and being a Mother, however right now, it’s no longer possible to continue the way I have been.       “I want to be more present as a Mum, to spend as much time with my daughter before she starts nursery, then school, and to enjoy quality time together,” she continued. “I never did enough of this during maternity leave because of mental health issues and taking on too much other work outside of radio. “It feels serendipitous that my final show is Wednesday March 30th, six years to the day that Virgin Radio re-launched from a moving Virgin Train with @edibow and @mattrichardson3 on board, as it made its way from Manchester to London, with live bands and artists performing on board as well. “I’ve had the most incredible ride here at Virgin, doing the best job in the world. READ MORE... POLL: Do you think Will Smith was right or wrong to slap Chris Rock? [POLL] Piers Morgan slams ‘woke brigade’ claims he 'fancies' Meghan Markle [LATEST] Piers Morgan U-turns over 'woke' Oscars rant as he praises Amy Schumer [NEWS]      “Hosting a live radio show is magical and nothing beats the buzz of sitting in a swivel chair, putting on a pair of headphones, pushing up the fader and talking to people as they go about their daily lives. “I’ve loved playing songs that I hope have made you spontaneously dance or air drum, sing out loud or bring tears to your eyes, like they have for me. “I hope you’ve enjoyed our afternoons and early evenings together as much as I have as well. “Thank you for listening, for joining in the fun and making me laugh when I’ve needed it."       She concluded the emotional post with the statement: “How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard x.” Her comments come after Kate revealed she visited the hospital following a “strange day”. The star confirmed she was feeling better after her visit, but hinted at big changes in her life at the time. Last Wednesday she wrote on her Instagram story: “Yesterday was pretty strange. Long story but I ended up in hospital. Got home at 9pm and feeling much better today. “'I need to make some changes in order to feel better, both mentally and physically but it's easy to forget to look after yourself when you're juggling so much. 'Still, it's given me a wake up call.”  