Good Morning Britain star Kate Garraway opened up about her husband’s health struggles on ITV’s Love Your Garden. Derek Draper contracted Coronavirus two years ago and has been left with serious health issues following his battle with the virus. Kate explained how she’s using gardening in an attempt to aid her husband’s recovery.    Derek was hospitalised and put into an induced coma after contracting coronavirus in March 2020. He’s now returned home to his family but still needs round the clock care as a result of his health issues. On Tuesday night fans saw Kate join Love Your Garden host Alan Titchmarsh on his “grow your own” adventure. During the programme Kate opened up about her husband’s struggles and unveiled a health and well-being garden she had created for him. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one  Explaining the importance of the outdoor area, she said: “The garden needs to be more than a space to go into. “I really want to grow some plants to improve our health and wellbeing,” Kate revealed. The presenter enthused about her love of gardening and the impact it can have on your wellbeing. “I love the idea that there's plants that look good, smell good and do good. I hope it works,” she added.   During the programme, Kate visited Kew gardens to learn more about the medicinal benefits of plants. The trip inspired features in her own garden where she created a border of antioxidant filled plants, a tea garden and an aromatherapy area. After completing her gardening project, Kate took Derek outside to enjoy the new space. She pushed her husband around the garden in his wheelchair and helped him pick an apple from a tree. DON'T MISS...Colonel Richard Kemp warns of ‘victory for Putin’ [MUST SEE]‘Double standards’ GMB race row erupts in oil supply debate [WATCH]Bridgerton’s Kate Sharma actress on 'scary' new role [INSIGHT]  Reflecting on her garden’s transformation, Kate said: “This has been so much more than I thought it was going to be. “I’ve taken the garden that’s a place of family fun and turned it into something that can suit the way our family has to live now,” the ITV star commented. Kate went on to open up about how the gardening process had benefited her own mental health. She explained: “If you look past the initial beauty of the plants it can give you so much more and I can’t wait to do more now.   “I feel like I haven’t quite proved you can grow yourself well, but I think I’ve definitely learned you can grow yourself happier,” Kate admitted. As the programme drew to a close, host Alan gave viewers more details about Kate’s new green space. He said: “Across the seasons Kate’s garden has been reborn with borders that are bursting with stress relieving scent, aromatic detoxifying leaves, and inspiring and invigorating flowers. Kate’s special episode of Love Your Garden is available to stream on ITV Hub now.  