Murder in Provence has just arrived on BritBox and the TV series follows an Investigating Judge in Aix-en-Provence, France. He and his partner look into the murders and mysteries within their idyllic home. The series boasts a star-studded cast and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. Antoine is the main star of the series and he is the chief magistrate of Aix. He has an on-again, off-again relationship with law professor Marine Bonnet. Antoine is played by Roger Allam, a 68-year-old British actor known for his roles on both stage and screen. He starred in the original stage production of Les Misérables, as well as Game of Thrones and V for Vendetta. READ MORE: Murder in Provence: Exclusive first-look at Roger Allam’s new drama Marine Bonnet works closely with Antoine in the series and the pair are not just colleagues. They share a turbulent relationship that sometimes gets in the way of the task at hand. Nancy Carroll plays the character, and she is a 47-year-old actress known for her roles with the Royal Shakespeare Company. Her TV and film credits include Father Brown and Midsomer Murders. Hélène Paulik is married to commissioner Bruno Paulik in the series. Hélène is played by Keala Settle, an American actress and singer best known for playing Lettie Lutz in The Greatest Showman. The star said in a promotional video for the series: "I play Hélène, the deputy commissioner and Antoine's close friend. "They have known each other for years. To see them work alongside one another, as well as Marine, is pretty special. "And together, in this little town, they start solving murder cases." DON'T MISS... BBC slammed for making ‘woke cuts’ on classic shows [DISCUSSION] When is Doc Martin back on? All we know so far about season 10 [INSIGHT] Vera's Aiden Healy details struggles of filming series with Brenda [INTERVIEW] Florence is Marine's mother in the TV adaptation and she is played by Patricia Hodge. She considers Verlaque not quite good enough for her daughter. The 75-year-old actress plays Mrs Pumphrey in the Channel 5 adaptation of All Creatures Great and Small. She is also known for her roles as Penny in Miranda and the title role in Jemima Shore Investigates. Police Commissioner François Roussel is described as the thorn in everyone’s side. He is played by Geff Francis, a 58-year-old actor who played the title character in Channel Four's Zastrozzi. One of his first roles was in the 1988 drama For Queen and Country. Sylvie is one of Antoine's assistants in the series and she is played by Kirsty Bushell. Kirsty is an actress and director who studied English Literature before switching to acting. She is mostly known for her theatre roles but also played Jackie Williams in Casualty and Nicola in Silk.  Murder In Provence is available to watch on BritBox now.