Camilla was announced today as the new royal patron of the National Theatre, an honour bestowed upon her by the Queen. Meghan had originally been granted the position by Her Majesty, but relinquished the title when she and her husband Prince Harry stepped down as senior royals. It was among two of the royal patronages the Queen gave Meghan. But when the honour had been given to Meghan originally, Camilla was reportedly upset at an apparent snub by her mother-in-law, wishing the role had been given to herself At the time, a source told The Times: “She really wanted it. “She was pretty miffed when it went to Meghan, and will be all the more delighted to take it on now, after being disappointed not to get it first time round.” Meghan was in the role for around two years at the capital's iconic theatre, but only managed to attend one official engagement at the premise, in January 2019. In March the following year, with her status as patron under threat following her wish to move away from royal life, she visited the premises privately again. Camilla has spoken previously of her fondness of the theatre, expressing her passion for the art. Speaking at the Olivier Awards in 2020, the Duchess of Cornwall said: “I believe in theatre. “It’s the cornerstone of a fertile cultural life, a forum for debate and a powerful means of building community. JUST IN: Camilla's new role is huge hint Meghan will never return to duties "Perhaps more importantly, those of us who believe in the theatre also believe in its resilience." During the initial lockdown during the coronavirus pandemic, she offered her support to those working in the theatre. She implored them to "please remain resilient", reminding employees that "we need you, and we've missed you". Camilla's new role at the National Theatre is reportedly another sign of how Her Majesty's trust in her daughter-in-law is blossoming. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Camilla's rift exposed [BLOG]Meghan replaced by Camilla as first of duchess' former patronages [INSIGHT]Prince Charles wanted Queen Mother’s ‘seal of approval’ over Camilla [LATEST] The first seeds of such trust were noted when the Queen endorsed Camilla to be the future Queen consort, in a message marking her Platinum Jubilee. Meghan's official removal from the patronage occurred following a review of her and Harry's roles last year. Reports show that insiders at the National Theatre were excited to welcome Camilla to the role, noting her passion for the arts. The National Theatre said it was delighted Camilla, who is a long-standing supporter of the arts, was taking on the role and described her as a devoted fan of theatre. Director and joint chief executive of the National Theatre, Rufus Norris, said: "It is a privilege to welcome the Duchess of Cornwall as the National Theatre's royal patron. "The Duchess shares our belief that theatre enriches our lives in so many ways and that everyone should have access to the arts and creativity no matter where they are in the world." Camilla's existing patronages include: The Royal Academy of Dance, Royal Society of Literature, Friends of The Royal Academy, London Chamber Orchestra, National Youth Orchestra, Theatre Royal Bath, Unicorn Theatre for Children and Georgian Theatre Royal. Her Majesty continues to have a longstanding relationship with the National Theatre, which spawns from its days at the Old Vic in the Sixties. She last visited the South Bank establishment in 2013, marking the theatre's 50th anniversary. Meghan and Harry, along with their son Archie, opted to move across the pond to Canada, before settling in the US after ditching their royal roles. Harry, like Meghan, also lost a host of titles, including his beloved positions as patron of the Rugby Football Union and the Rugby Football League.