Charles Leclerc may have taken pole ahead of Max Verstappen in Bahrain qualifying with Mercedes struggling, but Kevin Magnussen's result was arguably the highlight of the day on his return to F1. Only a few weeks ago did Magnussen get the call to drive in F1 this season after Haas cancelled Nikita Mazepin's contract. Guenther Steiner wanted to bring Magnussen back to the team after the Danish driver was replaced for the 2021 season. His final season at Haas proved to be a disappointment with just one points finish in 2020 with the American team once again competing at the back of the grid last season. But they've found something special in their VF-22 this time around, as was evident in pre-season testing last week. There was still some uncertainty on where they would be heading into qualifying, but that was immediately clear in Q1. Magnussen was inside the top 10 throughout qualifying for Q3 for the first time since 2019 with team-mate Mick Schumacher just missing out. It looked at one stage as though Magnussen wouldn't get out for a run in the final session as Haas frantically worked on his car. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton raises Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc worries  But the team got the car fixed up in time to give Magnussen one run, where he finished ahead of both Fernando Alonso and George Russell to clinch seventh on the grid. "I'm super happy," Magnussen said on Sky Sports. "It's been a massive rollercoaster from getting the call from Guenther and getting surprised by that. "And then trying to make it happen. There was some obstacles that I had to sort out and that already a bit nervous. Then getting here and driving the car for the first time and having a sore neck. "You hope the car is good, you never really know with Formula One testing and now here having an issue in qualifying and not thinking we could get out in Q3, what a rollercoaster." DON'T MISS  And Magnussen is hopeful that Haas can overcome some reliability concerns to finish inside the points tomorrow. "I feel so unbelievably lucky to be in this situation," he added. "It's a lot of fun. "We had some good long-run pace in pracice. You don't really know what people are running on power and fuel but it certainly wasn't bad in a long run so starting P7, if you can do that you got to go for points. The biggest concern is reliability I would say but fingers crossed we can get there."