Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started sharing cleaning tips and tricks with her followers. The influencer now shares more of her day-to-day life with her four million followers, who often share their own advice on dedicated Facebook pages. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Jen Telfer wrote: “Can anyone recommend how to wash fluffy blankets and keep their fluffiness?” Using high heat on soft fabrics can cause blankets to turn dry and rough. Too much detergent can also make fabric stiff, while too little detergent can also be a problem. Cleaning enthusiasts took to the comments to share their top tips with Jen. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks Caroline Reid wrote: “Don’t use fabric conditioner, use white vinegar.” Tasmin Parkes said: “Low to no heat and don’t use fabric conditioner.” Fabric softeners can create a buildup in the fabric which often gives blankets and towels a scratchy feel. The use of white vinegar when washing can help to restore its softness. DON'T MISS:‘Key tips’ to help houseplants ‘thrive’ this spring [EXPERT]Home renovations to ‘add value’ to your property - ‘massive asset’ [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to clean patio - ‘came up sparkling’ [EXPLAINER] This is because it can help to loosen the fibres, allowing the washing product to work better and remove dirt and soil from the fabric. Kayley Meyligh wrote: “White vinegar works a treat, I use it every time. “It can also be used on bedding as well as towels.” White vinegar can be picked up for as little as 29p in supermarkets such as Asda and Tesco. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked if there was a way she could make her towels fluffy again. Kirsty Mcdonnell wrote: “I don’t have access to a tumble dryer at the moment, how do I get towels to dry soft and fluffy? “I only have use of hanging out on the line or radiators.” Mrs Hinch fans also recommended avoiding fabric softener as it can make them rougher in texture. Alicia Davis wrote: “I add a capful of white vinegar to my wash, I don’t have a dryer either and my towels are super fluffy. It’s so cheap and versatile to use on everything, can even help to clean the washing machine itself.” Lorna Taylor commented: “I still use fabric softener but add some white vinegar into the drum itself, it works wonders. Also make sure they are on a hot wash but not too hot as this can make them go dry." The acetic acid in the vinegar helps to break down excess detergent and build-up in the towel fibres. This tends to reduce the absorbency of towels initially and will help them stay nice and fluffy.