Liverpool and Manchester City fans travelling from the north west face a travel nightmare in trying to get to Wembley for the FA Cup semi-final next month. City progressed to the final four of the competition with a convincing 4-1 win over Southampton earlier in the day on Sunday. Liverpool discovered their semi-final fate before facing Nottingham Forest and were made to work against a determined Steve Cooper outfit. Forest had several chances to take the lead against Jurgen Klopp's side, but Liverpool's defensive unit stood up to the task. And Diogo Jota's effort in the 78th minute proved to be the difference as Liverpool progressed to the semi-final. They take on City with the fixture scheduled to take place just a week after the crunch Premier League meeting between the two title protagonists. With both teams tipped as favourites for the FA Cup this season, with Crystal Palace facing Chelsea in the other semi-final, Wembley is expected to be packed full of fans from both sets of supporters. But both sets of fans could have a headache in trying to get down to London for the day with no trains running for the entire weekend. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has four problems to solve in coming weeks  Avanti West Coast website's read: "No trains to/from London Euston from Friday 15 to Monday 18 April." Klopp was far from impressed by the situation as fans look set to contend with that weekend. He said: "Four days? Cut off from the north? It won’t be the first time. I hope they can find the solution before then.” Liverpool and City played out a pulsating 2-2 draw at Anfield back in October with Kevin De Bruyne scoring a late equaliser for the visitors on that day. Both teams have been in superb form of late with just one point separating the in the league table. DON'T MISS  Klopp believes it was inevitable they would have to face City in the FA Cup too, but insists his team will be up for the challenge. He said: "City don’t like it too much, we don’t like that too much. But the closer it gets to the end, the more likely that you will face City. "If you don’t face them earlier, you will face them in any kind of semi-final or final. That’s normal. "The same with Chelsea, pretty much. You don’t want to play against them every week because they are really strong as well. I don’t think it is a pure joy to play us and that’s what we should not forget."