The Spring Statement speech was without any mention of specific support for pensioners, despite many pensioners grappling with a cost of living crisis. Caroline Abrahams, Charity Director at Age UK said she was pleased the call double the value of the Household Support Fund had "been heeded" but added: "...As that was the only announcement that helps older people on low and modest incomes - unless they are drivers - we don’t think the Chancellor has gone far enough today." She added: "Older people tell us that every time they go shopping the prices seem to have gone up again, and that’s really tough to manage if you’re reliant on a meagre Pension. "Unfortunately, for older people like these, and younger ones on low incomes too, the next few months threaten to be extremely stressful, as they struggle to continue to make ends meet.” Members of the public were quick to react to the statement. Writing online, "jascat" commented: "Absolutely nothing for us old age pensioners. I suppose he hopes we will either freeze, or starve to death before the next election." "ghhghgghggh" wrote: "Absolutely NOTHING to help pensioners!!" "D Duck" penned: "Wo a penny off income tax ! The pensioners with still kick out Boris and his cronies at the next election !"(sic) Meanwhile, Mikee20 said: "Sunak has let pensioners down and the Tories will be punished come the next GE." READ MORE: Pension alert: Rishi Sunak inheritance tax change could be 'death tax' for retirement pots  Responding to the announcement, Shadow Chancellor is Rachel Reeves warned pensioners are "facing really difficult choices". Referring to the state pension increase of 3.1 percent next month, and inflation hitting 6.2 percent in the year to February 2022, she added: "Pensioners and those on social security will be getting a real terms cut on their incomes - so what analysis has the Chancellor done on the impact of benefits being uprated by less than inflation? How many more children and pensioners will drift into poverty because of the choices of this Government?" Pension Credit will rise in line with the September 2021 CPI figure of 3.1 percent next month. Some had hoped the Chancellor would announce an additional increase to the state pension in his Spring Statement due to the current financial landscape facing pensioners, but this did not happen. However, if the state pension triple lock policy had not been suspended for the 2022/23 tax year, the state pension could have risen by more than eight percent. Pension Credit is a benefit paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to pensioners on lower incomes. It is paid at two rates depending on how much support someone requires. DON'T MISS State pension payment dates to change as Queen’s Platinum Jubilee looms [ALERT]Santander increases its interest rates and savers can earn up to £100 [INTEREST]'Bumper state pension increase’ on the way - DWP makes fresh commitment to pensioners [INSIGHT] Guarantee Credit provides the highest level of support, and currently tops up pensioners’ income up to a maximum of: From April, the rates will increase and pensioners can see their income topped up to: The other element of Pension Credit is Savings Credit, which provides a lower amount to people who have more income. It can only be claimed by people who reached state pension age before April 6, 2016. Savings Credit recipients could currently get up to the following amounts: When the rates rise next month, claimants could get up to: By claiming Pension Credit, pensioners could also automatically entitle themselves to various other benefits These include a free TV licence when they turn 75 and Council Tax Reduction. They could also get help with their heating costs. Pensioners can apply for Pension Credit through the Government website, by phone or by post. They will have their income assessed when applying to determine their eligibility and how much they may be able to get.