Manchester United managerial target Erik ten Hag already knows the biggest problem he must solve if he is hired this summer. The Red Devils' most pressing issue is brought into sharp focus by statistics involving goalkeeper David de Gea, who has had posted eye-catching numbers this season for all the wrong reasons. Ten Hag is supposedly in United's good books thanks to the attractive playing style and long-term vision he has exhibited at Ajax. He took the Amsterdam hotseat in 2017 and is currently on a run of three consecutive Eredivisie titles with sights set on a fourth. The Dutchman is supposedly on a five-man shortlist including Mauricio Pochettino, Luis Enrique, Julen Lopetegui and Thomas Tuchel with Ralf Rangnick due to vacate his interim post at the end of the season. The Times claim that Ten Hag is currently top of the pile. Despite struggling to gain a lasting foothold since Sir Alex Ferguson's departure, United's domestic and European ambitions are still sky-high. After a series of mishaps this campaign, however, they are currently considered outside contenders to make fourth spot. JUST IN: Tottenham 'ready to swoop' for Adama Traore as Barcelona wait for unlikely Wolves verdict With a squad boosted by lucrative transfer sprees over the past few years, Ten Hag could work with players like Cristiano Ronaldo, Raphael Varane and Bruno Fernandes at Old Trafford. Despite their firepower, defence has proven a near-impossible problem to shake off. According to data from BritishGambler.co.uk, De Gea is averaging more saves per match and a lower clean sheet percentage than at any stage in his United career. The difference is significant too, with saves per game jumping from 2.81 over his whole career to 3.62 this season, and clean sheets plummeting from 35.3 per cent to less than 25 per cent. DON'T MISS: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's Marcus Rashford comments could hinder Arsenal transferLeeds could demand four Barcelona players in blockbuster Raphinha swap dealFrank Lampard has family member to blame for Dele Alli deal as Everton 'ponder' early exit The amount of work De Gea is being forced into highlights the club's defensive woes. Put simply, the respective recipes attempted by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and now Rangnick have not provided the stopper with enough protection and, despite drawing praise for having a decent season, the Spaniard has been unable to keep opposition at bay on his own. Harry Maguire and Aaron Wan-Bissaka have endured tough campaigns ahead of De Gea, with both facing heavy criticism for recent performances. The duo screening the backline, Fred and Scott McTominay, have also got fans debating whether the club should look to invest in that area and sure things up. Speaking to his Sky Sports podcast, United hero Gary Neville expressed similar concerns about the team's defensive structure: "Manchester United do have vulnerabilities. David De Gea has made so many saves, it is not a good reflection. "Manchester United have got to become more difficult to play against. They have got to stop those mad moments, those five-minute periods where they concede two goals."