The 1960s Cold War espionage drama The Ipcress File is based on the 1962 novel of the same name. The series centres around a spy who has been enlisted on a dangerous mission as the Cold War between the East and the West intensifies after a British nuclear scientist goes missing. However, as the opening episode got underway, many viewers were left distracted by the unusual way the series had been filmed. The thriller follows the story of soldier and black market hustler Harry Palmer (played by Joe Cole). During the opening episode, Harry joined a British intelligence agency to become a spy after his dodgy dealings in West Berlin caught up with him. His first assignment saw him go undercover and investigate the suspected kidnapping of a British nuclear scientist. The character had to work alongside boss Major William Dalby (Tom Hollander) and the fiercely smart intelligence operator Jean Courtney (Lucy Boynton). READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Liv Flaherty discovers she’s pregnant? However, just minutes into the episode many viewers hit out on social media about the way the series had been filmed as many scenes were "tilted". @Back_the_BBC tweeted: "It's a pity they couldn't afford the kit to keep all the cameras level on #theIpcressFile. Getting seasick here." "The tilted camera is really p*****g me off," Alex G fumed, "Not sure I can carry on watching #theipcressfile." Tracy Davidson remarked: "#TheIpcressFile Quite liking it so far. But the slanting camera angles are a tad annoying. Do directors think this kind of thing is edgy or appealing in any way? It isn't."  Liam T raged: "Now you've all pointed out the jaunty camera angles I can't unsee it. Annoying as hell. #theipcressfile." Despite the backlash, other fans of the show appreciated the way the series had been shot. @dongapalouza said: "We're all getting that the #TheIpcressFile camera tilts are a homage to the Michael Caine 1965 film version, yes?" "Loving the homage to the original film by using the Dutch tilt camera technique #TheIpcressFile," @Craftymiss added. DON'T MISS...The Ipcress File cast: Who is in the cast? [EXPLAINER]How many episodes are in The Ipcress File? [INSIGHT]Peaky Blinders' Joe Cole opens up on troublesome past 'Got arrested' [EXCLUSIVE]  The reboot of The Ipcress File is based on the 1965 film starring award-winning actor Michael Caine. The original went on to win the BAFTA for Best British Film of 1965 and it also won the BAFTA for Best Cinematography. ITV’s remake couldn’t be more timely as a harrowing chapter in the Cold War unfolds in real-time. The series was written by John Hodge and directed by James Watkins with the screenwriter taking inspiration from both the novel and the movie.    Speaking about 1963, John explained: “It’s an era when the threat of nuclear annihilation was hanging over us. "For the first time in human history, there was a real possibility we would destroy ourselves.” Depending on the direction of the ITV series and the audience figures, there could be sequels to The Ipcress File. The Ipcress File continues on Sunday at 9pm on ITV. 