The West has so far refrained from targeting the Kremlin's energy sector for fear of Russian president Vladimir Putin cutting supplies. However, Mr Johnson said at a joint news conference at Downing Street with Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau and Netherlands prime minister Mark Rutte that Western allies giving up energy imports was “completely the right thing to do”. He added that the Government will unveil an “energy supply ­strategy” within days to show how the UK can be more reliant on home-grown energy. The PM said: “We need to intensify our self-reliance. What we also need to do is go for more nuclear and more use of renewable energy. “So people have a sense of how we are going to meet needs over the short, medium and long term.” Lithuania’s foreign minister Gabrielius Landsbergis ­told US secretary of state Antony Blinken yesterday: “We cannot pay for oil and gas with the blood of Ukraine.” Talks of issuing more sanctions against Russia’s economy came as Ukrainians continued to flee from Putin’s invasion. READ MORE: Putin threatens to cripple UK by cutting ALL European gas in 'mirror' response to EU European Commission President Ursula Von der Leyen said on Saturday that the EU should end its "dependency" on Russian energy sources. She said: “The European Union must get rid of the dependency from Russian oil, gas and coal. For that, we have to diversify the supply, we have to get better at energy efficiency, and we have to massively invest in renewables." Russian deputy prime minister Alexander Novak said it would take more than a year for Europe to replace Russian deliveries. Russia is the world’s second-largest producer of crude oil after Saudi Arabia and supplies a third of Europe’s demand. Yesterday, oil prices soared to the highest level since 2008 reaching $139 (£105.12) a barrel, but Russia warned oil prices would increase to more than $300 (£230) a barrel if the West implemented a ban. So what do YOU think? Should the UK issue a total ban on Russian crude oil? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.