Interior design can help improve a space as well as helping to boost the aesthetic value of a home. Everyone has different tastes when it comes to decorating, but one expert has shared how to make a home feel like it has a “soul” and what popular 2022 trend to avoid. Celebrity Interior Designer, Sanel Konyar, founder of Interior Kollection, explained: “If your home is too minimalist, it can make it feel too clinical and uninviting to potential buyers. “Don’t be afraid to add carefully chosen accessories, adding throws, cushions, rugs, lamps. “These can make a home feel like it has a soul, rather than just a blank canvas. “It is also a quick and easy way to add some welcome colour to a blank canvas.” READ MORE: Peace lily: How to get your houseplant to bloom this spring The expert recommended choosing colours from a natural palette when it came to painting walls throughout the home. This way, accessories can be changed when homeowners get tired of them, instead of repainting the walls. Sanel added: “Choosing bold on-trend colour schemes might work if you have an inner city urban apartment which will probably attract a younger or more cosmopolitan buyer, but for a country family home, is that really what your buyers will want to see? “Reconsider any pre-sale interior design that will turn buyers off. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fan shares quick ‘hack’ to remove carpet stains [COMMENT]‘Good idea’ to buy and sell property despite ‘very high’ demand [EXPERT]Gardeners warned over ‘fatal’ plants for pets this spring [EXPLAINER] “If you are keen to sell your home, considering what would appeal to your potential buyers should be levelled above your personal tastes.” Every year, new interiors become popular, changing with the times. According to the expert, botanical is a big trend for interiors in 2022, including bold prints and wallpaper. Sanel explained: “However, I would avoid bold botanical prints and opt for a scattering of flora and fauna throughout the home. “Grouping big potted plants inside brings a sense of calm and connection with nature. “However, don’t discount artificial plants when considering brightening up your house, not everyone has the commitment or even the natural daylight to accommodate live indoor plants. “Purchasing artificial plants may be an investment initially, but their lifespan is eternal, maintenance is minimal, and their impact on a room can be magnificent. “Our elegant orchid plants are perfect for the bedrooms and always sell out as soon as they come back into stock.” According to Vicky Salmon, Head Florist at Interflora, biophilic interior design is “becoming increasingly popular”. She added: “More of us are looking to bring elements of the outdoors into our homes, populating areas with plants that have both physical and mental wellbeing benefits as well as being aesthetically beautiful to look at.” Biophilic design is an approach to architecture that seeks to connect building occupants more closely to nature. This could involve bringing plants inside as well as indoor trees and wooden architecture.