Manchester United have doubts when it comes to asking Ralf Rangnick for advice over their next manager, according to reports. The German is currently in charge until the end of the season after replacing Ole Gunnar Solskjaer earlier in the campaign. And Erik ten Hag appears to be the No 1 candidate to take over at Old Trafford. Manchester United handed Solskjaer a three-year contract back in the summer believing the 49-year-old was on the right track to bring the glory days back. However, after overseeing a dire start to the season, the Norwegian was relieved of his duties in November with Rangnick coming in as his replacement. The 63-year-old has done well enough during his time in charge, with the club losing just one match in 90 minutes since his appointment. However, he’s still scheduled to become a consultant at the club come the summer. When it comes to appointing a new manager, however, The Athletic say some within the club have doubts over asking for his advice. United listened to Sir Alex Ferguson when the Scot advocated for the appointment of David Moyes back in 2013. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz However, it’s claimed that their former boss was a ‘special exception’. Rangnick could still land the United job permanently if they finish the season strongly, with a place in the top four and the Champions League trophy still left to play for. Yet when it comes to his consultancy role, it’s stated it has ‘not been defined exactly’. Originally, the agreement was reached to compensate for the contract Rangnick had in Russia with Lokomotiv Moscow. That deal ran until 2024 yet it’s claimed there is ‘no definitive work schedule mapped out for after his time in the dugout’. Rangnick has big experience in his locker after helping Hoffenheim and RB Leipzig, in particular, plan for the future. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Yet when it comes to his future at Old Trafford, things are less certain. Rangnick is still set to become a consultant but, when it comes to the exact specifics of that role, it’s unclear what that would entail. The publication also adds Ten Hag 'may have an advantage' over Mauricio Pochettino when it comes to becoming United's next boss. It's claimed he has a low buyout clause in his Ajax contract, whereas the Red Devils will have to spend more to acquire Pochettino from Paris Saint-Germain. Rangnick, meanwhile, was coy on United’s pursuit of a new manager when quizzed on the matter on Friday. However, he did admit that Liverpool’s Jurgen Klopp and Manchester City’s Pep Guardiola were the two best bosses on the planet at the current moment in time. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I have not thought about that,” he said when asked if they were in a position to have a similar structure to their rivals. “I don’t even know the structure or setup at City. “My focus was, and still is, on developing the current team and getting best out of this season. “City and Liverpool have continuity and consistency in their head coach, for past five or six years. “They have very clear identity, how they want to play. I know Jurgen in person and I know Pep from his time in Germany managing Bayern Munich; he also has a clear idea how he wants to play. “This is the secret behind their success: they know exactly how they want to play, a corporate identity. “Not just for new players but for staff members too. This is what all the top clubs have in common. “This is something that needs to be developed at Manchester United.” He added: “Every coach has their own idea of football. “For me it’s about consistency on the highest possible level and also quality of players. “We all agree with Jurgen and Pep [being] in the top five [in the world] – certainly they’re the best two coaches in Europe. “It’s pretty easy in football: you need to have the best possible people, a clear idea of football and stick to that idea and make decisions with that in mind.”