Professional Strictly Come Dancing choreographers Katya Jones, 32 and Luba Mushtuk, 32, don't seem to have publicly condemned Russia's actions, which has led to viewers calling for the pair to be axed from the annual BBC competition. Katya's Instagram page contains a UNICEF link for a Ukraine fundraiser, indicating she is urging others to help the country. Vladimir Putin invaded Russia's neighbouring country a month ago and several celebrities have spoken out to express their disgust at the ongoing war. Strictly Come Dancing professionals Nadiya Bychkova and Nikita Kuzmin are both Ukrainian and have spoken about their fears for friends and family. Katya and Luba are of Russian descent but don't seem to have given their views on the situation, which has caused many viewers to blast the pair and call for their removal from the show. Ex-professional dancer James Jordan recently hit out at his former colleagues on Twitter and revealed he was "disappointed" in their silence. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role He wrote: "I don’t see many of the Russian dancers I know and have even shared the Strictly dance floor with them openly speaking out about the war against Ukraine. "But are still promoting themselves on social media - very disappointed, they know who they are - not one post about it." (sic) Head judge Shirley Ballas, 61, hit back, writing on Twitter: "Dear James. Not sure who you follow and who follows you but many dancers I know have retweeted in support of the Ukraine and have felt shame at their own government, lots of help for their fellow dancers." She went on to argue: "Lots have spoken out and retweeted." James replied to the judge: "We clearly are talking about different dancers then." Fans have also shared their disappointment on social media with Bonny St John commenting: "Hope katya jones saw the courage & DECENCY of that TV producer who protested against the war in Ukraine live on the Russian TV evening news." (sic) Sandy penned: "@Mrs_katjones Please #condemn the invasion of #ukraine by #russia It’s better speak your mind than be silent….or people will draw more from your silence. You shouldn’t expect to return to @bbcstrictly if you support #putins regime. @LubaMushtuk." However, user Pendragon asked: "Do you not think if they have family living in Russia that they might be getting their families in trouble by speaking out?" DON'T MISS... 'Hold on!' Dan Walker questions Carol Kirkwood's warning [LATEST]Rose Ayling-Ellis leaves Comic Relief viewers 'in tears' [VIDEO]Comic Relief thrown into chaos minutes in following technical glitch [REACTION] Kat echoed this, commenting: "Or maybe she’s worried for the safety of her family in Russia if she condemns the war / Putin? It’s unfair to assume she condones the murder of civilians just because she hasn’t spoken out. This isn’t on her or Luba, at all." Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC and representatives for Katya and Luba for comment. It comes after a source told The Sun "tensions are high" between dancers. They reportedly said: "Tensions are high and there’s a lot of strong feeling about this. “Some of the dancers would want producers to make a decision and say ‘You can’t come back for the next series’.” The Strictly Come Dancing professional line-up for 2022 has yet to be confirmed but Oti Mabuse has announced she won't be returning. The two-time champion stepped back from her role on the show to focus on other TV opportunities. Strictly Come Dancing will return to BBC One later in the year.