Mary Berry is a British chef and baker best known as a former judge on The Great British Bake Off. An author of various cookbooks, Mary Berry has shared her favourite Victoria Sponge Cake recipe in her Complete Cookbook. Available on her website and in her cookbook, Mary described her Victoria Sponge Cake as a “classic recipe” and a “favourite”. She continued: “For my first job for the Electricity Board, I would visit people in their homes and teach them how to use their ovens by cooking this fabulous cake. “The all-in-one method makes it one of the simplest cakes to make. “I feel it is the most healing of cakes to make, too.” The baker added: “You must be accurate with your weighing, though, as there is no hiding with it – no icing to cover any mistakes. “Baking spread should be kept in the fridge until needed. Soft butter could also be used, but we find baking spread gives a lighter rise.” READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours Ingredients Sponge: 225g baking spread, straight from the fridge, plus extra for greasing 225g caster sugar Four eggs 225g self-raising flour One level teaspoon of baking powder Filling and topping: Half a 370g jar strawberry jam 300ml pouring double cream, whipped A little caster sugar, to sprinkle DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to remove mould from shower tiles 'without scrubbing' [UPDATE]How to grow the biggest hydrangeas - Pruning, mulching and watering  [TIPS]How to clean green marks off your fence - and keep them off [INSIGHT] Method First, preheat the oven to 180°C, 160°C fan, or gas mark four. Lightly grease two 20cm deep loose-bottomed sandwich tins and line the bases with non-stick baking paper. Next, measure the sponge ingredients into a large bowl or freestanding mixer and beat for two minutes with an electric whisk until smooth and lighter in colour. The time will vary according to the efficiency of the mixer. Divide the mixture between the tins and level the tops. Bake in the oven for about 25 minutes, or until well risen and golden and the cakes are shrinking away from the sides of the tins. The tops of the cakes should spring back when pressed lightly with a finger. Leave the cakes to cool in the tins for a few moments, then run a palette knife around the edge of the tins to free the sides.  Turn the cakes out, then peel off the paper and leave to cool completely on a wire rack. Choose the cake with the best top and spread the underside with jam. Put the other cake top downwards on a serving plate. Spread this cake carefully with the whipped cream. Sit the other cake on top with the jam side touching the cream. Sprinkle with sugar and cut into slices to serve.