Penny Lancaster, 50, married Sir Rod Stewart, 77, in 2007 with the pair sharing two children together. The duo were recently snapped enjoying a night out with fellow celeb couples, during which the Loose Women panellist sparked a frenzy online as she posed with her husband, Geri Halliwell, and Ronnie Wood's wife, Sally Wood. Geri took to her Instagram story to share a picture from the star-studded dinner. In the picture, Geri poses alongside Sally and Rod, with Penny making sure to steal the attention. Penny flashed her toned leg, as she rocked knee-high black boots for the dinner. Geri captioned the post: "Do ya think I'm sexy!" (sic) READ MORE: James Martin details his mixed emotions of bidding farewell to home Penny also took to Instagram to share a picture from the dinner alongside more famous faces. She posed with Geri, Sally, Ronnie, Sir Rod and the Spice Girls singer's husband Christian Horner as they sat and enjoyed dinner. Penny captioned the post in view of her 152,000 Instagram followers: "Coming together at last #couples." Many social media users took to the post's comments to compliment the stars. Triciabennet said: "Rod looks gorgeous in this picture." Paula_mdoyle added: "What a great looking group." Geri_basch commented: "Enjoy! Glad you all can get together! Fun times!" Penny regularly takes to Instagram to share family snaps, most recently posting a picture of Rod with their eldest Alastair Stewart. DON'T MISS... Michael Douglas reflects on tragedy as he issues career update [LATEST] Liz Hurley reacts as Elton John shares pic of her and ex Shane Warne [INSIGHT] ‘Tube in my groin’ Peter Jones on ‘collapsing on the floor dead’ [COMMENT] On February 24, the Do Ya Think I'm Sexy? hitmaker, 77 posted a cute snap of himself with son Ali to document their break abroad in view of his 1.1 million followers. He captioned the picture: "Weekend in Milano with the boy for @palmangels @villadestelakecomo @alastairwstewart." Standing on the shore of Lake Como, Rod and Ali posed for the camera against the impressive backdrop. Gushing over the sweet picture, Penny couldn't help but comment on the snap. She affectionately wrote: "My boys x." Alastair was born in 2005, with the couple's second child Aiden joining the Stewart clan in 2011. Rod has a total of eight children from five relationships. Speaking to Sunday Star Times in 2008 about his divorces, he said: "Instead of getting married again, I'm going to find a woman I don't like and just give her a house."