Antiques Roadshow host Fiona Bruce took BBC viewers to Wells in Somerset on Sunday where the experts were brought a number of treasured items to be valued. Among the items, were a vintage car, a wooden frog and a collection of Barbie dolls. However, it was a set of rare mourning rings that caught the eye of expert Geoffrey Munn. The guest brought Geoffrey a set of gold Victorian mourning rings to be valued. Baffled at why she owned such a collection, the expert asked: "What attracted you to them?" The guest explained she'd owned the rings for over 50 years and she decided to start collecting them when she worked as a waitress. As she earned good tips from her job, the guest said she came across her first mourning ring at a market. READ MORE: Where is Bargain Hunt's Anita Manning from? "My goodness," Geoffrey commented as the guest replied: "I think I probably paid about £50 for it." He continued: "You were really going against the grain because Victorian things were really ridiculed 60 years ago." After further inspection, Geoffrey explained that the rings would have been made by someone in their will and would be passed on to a loved one after they had died. "This one is really interesting because of its openwork," the expert pointed out. "It's got a sort of picture frame running all the way through." "It rather chillingly has human hair in it," the expert added. "It's the hair of the deceased." The expert went on to explain why human hair would have been placed in the ring as he pointed out photography wasn't well known in the Victoria era. "The problem is when somebody died you wouldn't remember what they looked like," Geoffrey said. "And so human hair could be brought into the jewellery so it is a true souvenir of the person gone before." "Gosh, it's dark stuff, isn't it?" the expert laughed. "It is such dark stuff." DON'T MISS...NCIS season 19 UK: When will series 19 premiere on Disney+? [INSIGHT]What did Lauryn do to Sully in Top Boy? [SPOILERS]Piers Morgan in fresh jibe at Meghan Markle [VIDEO] Moving on to the solid gold ring, the guest told Geoffrey it belonged to a well-known family. Drawing his attention to another one of the rings, he added: "This one is even higher status than that because what is it set with?" "It's set with... there's a diamond in there," the guest said before Geoffrey discussed its history. "[Diamonds] have always been an emblem of eternal love," he added. "But in this case, it's not love in the conventional sense but love beyond the grave." "I love them," Geoffrey beamed as he added: "And you love them too." The guest explained she bought them to keep and would never dream of selling them at auction. When it came to the valuation, Geoffrey left the guest stunned as he explained the entire collection of rings could fetch £3,000 if they were sold at auction. "But you're not the slightest bit interested, are you?" he laughed as the guest shook her head. Antiques Roadshow airs on Sunday at 8pm on BBC One.