Jeff Stelling has announced that he will stay on at Sky Sports beyond the end of the season and continue to present his popular Soccer Saturday show. The 67-year-old's U-turn comes after he revealed last October that he would be calling time on his career with the satellite sports channel.  “Sky Sports is my home, and the Soccer Saturday team are a big part of my life,” Stelling said on Monday. “As the end of the season approached, and I was preparing to say goodbye, I realised that I was not ready to blow the final whistle and leave the best job in the world. “I am thrilled to be staying, and excited about moving the show forward and creating more special Saturday afternoons on Sky Sports.” Jonathan Licht, Managing Director of Sky Sports added: “Football fans everywhere will be delighted that Jeff will continue to host Soccer Saturday. He is a massive part of Saturday afternoon life and everyone at Sky Sports shares the joy this news will bring. We just can't get enough of Jeff, and can't wait to bring more of his broadcasting magic to our viewers.” JUST IN: Van Gaal gives brutal verdict on Man Utd as he urges Ten Hag to snub    Stelling has been presenting Soccer Saturday for over 25 years and has turned it into one of the most watchable programmes on Sky. He has won a multitude of awards during his time at the helm but stunned football fans across the world when he proclaimed he would be quitting the show live on air. During his original announcement, Stelling exclaimed that he wouldn’t be retiring but wanted to “let somebody else have a go at what is the best job in the world.” And his emotional revelation led to a standing ovation in the studio from pundits Darren Bent, Tim Sherwood, Clinton Morrison and Paul Merson. “I have come to the incredibly difficult decision that this will be my last season,” Stelling said at the time. “This is my decision - there has been no pressure. Sky have been absolutely brilliant with me, as they always have been. DON'T MISS: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's Marcus Rashford comments could hinder Arsenal transferLeeds could demand four Barcelona players in blockbuster Raphinha swap dealFrank Lampard has family member to blame for Dele Alli deal as Everton 'ponder' early exit    “I have loved every moment of my 30 years with Sky, but like every Saturday afternoon the time eventually comes to blow the final whistle. I am proud to have been part of such a winning team for so long and look forward to the many more special moments on Soccer Saturday for the rest of this season - and perhaps even another promotion push from Hartlepool United.” Following discussions with Sky Sports, Stelling is set to present Soccer Saturday for at least one more season. And that will be music to the ears of the football fans who have become accustomed to watching the broadcaster’s vivacious personality and his studio banter. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 