Cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, first found fame after she began sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips with one another. One of these hacks includes “easy” ways to clean toilet brushes. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to clean her toilet brush. Emma Levio wrote: “How do people clean their toilet brush? “I end up throwing it away every few months.” Toilet brushes do a good job of cleaning your toilet bowl, as long as your toilet brush is squeaky clean. READ MORE: 'Great product' to use daily on the toilet to prevent stains If you don’t clean your toilet brush, the bacteria build up on the brush will spread all over the toilet and brush holder. Not cleaning your toilet brush makes cleaning your toilet with the brush totally pointless. Luckily, the post was inundated with comments from fellow cleaning enthusiasts ready to share their best tips and tricks. According to Mrs Hinch fans, using “bleach” to clean a toilet brush is an “easy” way. DON'T MISS: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it [INSIGHT]Energy bill: ‘Ideal’ temperature to wash your clothes to save on bills [TIPS]Lawn care: The ‘spiking’ trick to remove all signs of moss  [EXPERT] Lorraine Theienel said: “I use bleach. Put it around the pan overnight and let the brush to sit in it. It's so quick and easy." Emma Hashad commented: “I pour bleach into the toilet and then I get the toilet brush and brush the toilet with the bleach water. It cleans the toilet and brush so easily.” One Mrs Hinch fan stressed how Britons should “always” use bleach to clean their toilet brushes. Daniela Delfina said: “You should always use bleach for the job. You can put bleach in the toilet and leave the brush there to soak.” Tracy G Thorp agreed: “Yes, I bleach the toilet then let the brush sit in the bleach for a while too.” Emma Brookes explained: “I use a mop bucket, fill it with bleach and put the whole thing in the container too, not just the brush. This makes sure no smelly germs are left behind.” Mel Curling said: “Every time I clean the toilet I leave it in the bottom with neat bleach for an hour.” Using bleach is an effective method to clean toilet brushes as it is a strong and effective disinfectant that kills all bacteria. Bleach can be picked up from ASDA for as little as 38p. Other Mrs inch fans suggested using Zoflora to clean toilet brushes. Anna Mcdonagh said: “I leave Zoflora in it and it smells lovely when I use it.” Danielle White added: “I soak mine in Zoflora to disinfect it and keep it smelling fresh.