Although the royal returned to the country days ago, recent photos shared by the Monegasque royal family’s instagram account show the Princess is nowhere to be seen. On St Patrick's Day, Prince Albert took Charlene’s children Princess Gabriella and Jacques, Hereditary Prince of Monaco, to the Princess Grace Irish Library.  The royals helped with a recital given by the students of the Academy of Music and Theater of the Prince Rainier III Foundation of Monaco. A message on the official Palais Princier de Monaco Instagram said that the Royal Family looked at some photographs of their visit to Ireland last year. They said: "The Prince Sovereign was also able to discover the exhibition of photographs tracing his visit to Ireland in September 2021, which was carried out with Prince Hereditary Jacques and Princess Gabriella." In the photos, Jacques and Gabriella can be seen wearing a bright green shirt and dress in support of the Irish-themed holiday.  It was last year when concerns about Charlene’s health grew after she was diagnosed with an ear, throat and nose infection while on a trip to South Africa. She then had a sinus lift and bone grafting operation which prevented her flying above 20,000 feet and meant she had to stay in South Africa. As a result she missed the 2021 Monaco Grand Prix and her tenth wedding anniversary as she underwent further surgery. Although she returned to Monaco in November 2021 she left shortly afterwards to an unknown location after reporting having "deep fatigue". READ MORE: Prince William pays sweet tribute to Prince Harry The Princess spent four months in a £36,000 a week clinic in Switzerland only to return to Monaco a few days ago. It has led to intense gossip and speculation about a potential rift between the Prince and Princess which has been denied by the Royal Palace. Palace insiders warned that it would take a few weeks for the Princess to regain her full health outlined in a statement last week. They said: "The next few weeks should allow for Princess Charlene to further strengthen her health, before gradually resuming her official duties and commitments.  DON'T MISS:  Queen’s everyday handbag items laid bare, by expert [REVEAL] Royal Family LIVE: Harry mocked over decision on UK return  [INSIGHT] Royal POLL: Will you listen to Meghan Markle’s new Spotify podcast? [SPOTLIGHT] "In accordance with her doctors and while her recovery is going well, their royal highnesses have agreed together that Princess Charlene can now continue her convalescence in the principality with her husband and their children. "The coming weeks should enable her to recover completely in order to be able to resume her official duties progressively." Charlene who was born in what was then Rhodesia in 1978, married Prince Albert II in 2011. 