Exactly half of Perri Kiely's life so far has been lived out in the showbiz world, after being catapulted to fame with dance troupe Diversity at the tender age of 13. Yet the Britain's Got Talent star has grown up a great deal since his win and subsequent performance at the Royal Variety Show in front of the Queen. Anyone who might be expecting the cute child they saw on stage years ago, he warned, could be in for a dramatic shock. The 26-year-old told Express.co.uk that it has been difficult to change people's perceptions of him since reaching adulthood. "I think that's always gonna be the first thing that people say, isn't it?" he reasoned. "I get it to this day, 'Oh my God, you're the little kid from Diversity'!" READ NOW: Strictly's Motsi Mabuse unleashes fury on Ukraine remarks However, he added that anyone writing him off as the child star of 2009 will "get a little bit of a shock" when they see him. "[When] I turn up or someone sees me in person...[they'll] be like 'Oh! That is not what I ordered. That is not what I had in mind!'" joked Perri. "I'm quite a bit taller since then. A lot of time's passed." He added that he wasn't "trying to run away from" his background, acknowledging: "That's a huge part of my life... so I can't erase it, wouldn't erase it!" He believes that his experiences of becoming a celebrity early on in life have forced him to grow up quicker than average, even though the nation might still see the grinning, dance sensation that he was as a child. "I defo think I've had to tackle certain things sooner than someone my age, which I guess has kind of forced me to mature [quicker]," he mused. "I'm not a very mature person [generally] but especially when I was younger, all my friends were going to parties and enjoying that element of growing up [and] I kinda missed out on all of that. "I went [straight] into a full blown job." DON'T MISS... Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby [INSIGHT] Holly Willoughby sparks concern over Stacey Solomon's absence [LATEST] James Jordan and Shirley Ballas row over reaction to Ukraine crisis [DEBATE]  However, he conceded: "At the same time it never felt like a job. I was genuinely doing what I love, I was doing my hobby." That hobby has now blown up, incorporating a KISS Radio breakfast show with Diversity co-star Jordan Banjo. A delighted Perri was also able to fulfil a long-held ambition of hosting a very special guest on the show, who KISS Radio tweeted had left him "speechless". "Until recently my dream guest was Tom Holland because I'm a big Spiderman fan," he explained. "That was like my absolute golden ticket and it's happened. I was buzzing!" Perri, who would also love to interview Bruno Mars on the show, now has a new and bigger ambition - pairing up with Beyonce on stage. "Imagine being on stage with Beyonce, I feel like we could do something sick," he exclaimed. "A Diversity-Beyonce collaboration!" It was songs from her earlier days that a nostalgic Perri had in mind - "a perfect classic, something like 'Bootylicious!" Meanwhile, as he continues to hone his showbiz ambitions, he has begun a collaboration with Naked Smoothies. It aims to empower the world to get a great start in the morning to help them achieve their heart's desires. Naked Smoothies has partnered with Perri Kiely to empower the nation to boost their mornings and get the best out of every day with the help of Naked Strawberry Zing, a new strawberry and banana smoothie with a zingy twist of raspberry. For more information on the campaign visit the brand's Instagram account.