Daytime TV veteran Eamonn Holmes left ITV show This Morning last year and has since claimed that he was "given no reason" as to why he was fired from the show. After taking a short break from TV, Eamonn announced he would be presenting a new breakfast segment with Isabel Webster on GB News. During Steph's Packed Lunch, he told host Steph McGovern that he didn't miss daytime TV because it now felt nice to be "appreciated". Eamonn joined Steph on Tuesday morning to highlight Shingles Awareness Week and touched on his own experience with having them. He revealed that he is unable to look at his son Declan's wedding photos as his shingles were at their absolute worst, and felt he "spoiled" the photos. Talk soon turned to his new role on GB News as Steph said: "You've had a lot of change recently with work and things. "You're now back doing to the early mornings on breakfast TV, how is that working out for you are you enjoying it?" READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plans to destroy the Dingles? Eamonn replied: "Well, I know you still get up early doing what you do but do you ever look back and think I really miss those breakfast television days?" Laughing and interrupting him, Steph joked: "No, I don't, when I read that you were going back to breakfast TV, I was like, 'Ah poor lad back to the half-three alarm again'." "No, it's not even half-three, it's half-two," Eamonn revealed. "The earliest I have ever had to get up, so half-two and then I would leave the house at about quarter past three. "Then I am down at work by 4:30, when we start doing what we have to do and then as you know between 4:30 and six o'clock that time goes very quickly between getting the programme ready. "Then here we are I am talking to you at the equivalent of bedtime now, really talking to you." Steph asked: "I know it's the biggest thing trying to adapt to that but do you miss doing daytime TV?" Cautiously, Eamonn explained: "Um no, no not at all. I really am excited with the whole breaking news environment and being involved in that. "So I think the first six or seven weeks sort of at GB News there has been a lot going on between party gate and the Ukraine situation. DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes can't bear to look at son's wedding photos 'I spoilt it' [INSIGHT]Ruth Langsford details how husband Eamonn makes her feel ‘sexy’ [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes opens up about wife Ruth Langsford's ‘tough few years’ [WATCH] "It just is always happening, and you don't have time to stop, it is just a tremendous privilege to be able to do something that you want to do. "It's nice to be appreciated," Eamonn appeared to jibe. "It's nice to be with people who want you to be there, and it's nice to feel that you are contributing." Steph went on to ask how Eamonn felt not working with Ruth anymore and if viewers could expect to see them together on screen again. "That is a very, very good question, very good question... Well, we are hoping to do it, we would be open to it although Ruth is very busy with her designing range on QVC. "She has got her other jobs on Loose Women, so we are very busy, and me doing GB News breakfast like that does consume your day. "You are asleep when other people are awake, so who knows, but I think we would be open to suggestions, yeah." After exiting This Morning, Eamonn opened up on the situation and told Daily Mail's Weekend magazine: "No one explained anything to me. "I'm all for TV companies being able to choose who works for them, but it would be nice if you were told why you were going". Steph's Packed Lunch airs weekdays from 12:30pm on Channel 4.