Ukraine's president, Volodymyr Zelensky, has warned that Russian President Vladimir Putin will target NATO members next. He said: “When the limits of rights and freedoms are being violated and stepped on, then you have to protect us. Because we will come first, you will come second.” Putin continues to bombard the people of Ukraine, with major cities such as Kyiv and Kharkiv being severely damaged by strikes. While Russia continues to attack the country from the air, Putin's forces haven't made as much progress on the ground as many feared they would at the start of the invasion. Moscow's military is encircling Kyiv, but the capital city remains under Ukraine's control. Ukrainian MP, Inna Sovsun, tells Express.co.uk that Putin's plan to take the city in 24 hours has "failed". She said: "The entrances to Kyiv have been blockaded by the Ukrainian army – the Russians' plan to take the city in 24 hours has basically failed. "The 60km convoy has basically stalled, it is not moving anywhere." Despite Russia boasting more military resources, Ukrainian forces and conscripts have managed to prevent any major advances, with the help of NATO weapons and military aid. Ms Sovsun adds that this provides even more reason for NATO to intervene more. Urging the West to step in and provide more military support, she said: "Ukraine's army has been kicking their a***, the Russian army is not as strong as it is meant to be, they are badly equipped, their morale is bad. "It is not actually that strong an army – and compared to NATO's armies, I don't think Russia can stand in that fight. "I know there is this nuclear threat everyone is mentioning, but I think it is overstated. "After all, there are some less crazy people in Putin's surroundings who won't let that happen. Some people in Russian intelligence are providing information to the West and to Ukraine. "I believe these people will prevent the worst from happening." There have been various reports of Russian soldiers being confused about the invasion. Last week, a senior Pentagon official in Washington claimed some Russian troops in Ukraine have surrendered en masse or sabotaged their own vehicles to avoid fighting, as reported by The New York Times. Yesterday, a Russian soldier admitted he felt "shame" after seeing his favourite boxers taking up arms against the invasion. Lt Col Mikhailovich, who said he was an officer in the Russian national guard's special rapid response unit, said: "I personally, just when we entered this territory, when I watched the address of the professional boxers, your boxers – back home I always loved watching them. READ MORE: Vladimir Putin delivered significant blow in Ukraine "Usyk and Lomachenko, they are my favourite, I mean that when I say it. These people are just ready to take arms, and they said: 'We didn't call you here.' And I feel shame that we came to this country, to this territory, Ukraine's territory." Ms Sovsun adds that Russian soldiers have been fooled by Russia's "propaganda". She said: "The morale of the Russian forces… morale seems to be extremely low. "I think many of them were victims of Putin's propaganda, many of them did actually believe that Ukrainians were waiting for them to come. "Lots of them thought they'd be greeted with flowers on the street with people saying 'thanks for coming to liberate us'. Instead they are being met with molotov cocktails being thrown at them. "This is not something they were expecting. They were living in Putin's propaganda world for so long. DON'T MISS Russian wives and mothers turn to Ukraine hotline to track loved ones [INSIGHT] US Air Force explains why four gigantic US bombers landed at UK base [ANALYSIS] Russia generals pivotal to ending Putin regime 'They were kept in the [INSIGHT] "There were some messages released by the Ukrainian military texting with their parents, and they were saying things like 'Mum, I can't believe we are actually killing civilians here'. So that is something many of them are not prepared to do." Ms Sovsun also claimed many Russian soldiers are refusing to fight. She added: "Many of them are giving up. They are leaving their vehicles and tanks and just trying to disappear into the woods. "They are also encountering Ukrainian soldiers, who are better equipped and have proper food. I think that is also a shock for Russian soldiers."