Whether you’re cooking up a storm on an evening, or gathering the family together for breakfast in the mornings, the kitchen is one of the main hubs of most homes. However, when the room starts to look tired and worn, saving up for a full kitchen refit can be a long process. Instead of setting your sights on getting an entirely new kitchen, you can revamp the one you already have for a cut of the cost. According to Abby Hesketh, product manager and paint and colour specialist at Graham & Brown: “The cost to paint your kitchen cabinets is typically at least half the cost of replacing and is really easy to do. "It just takes time, patience and the right paint and tools.” If you are embarking on painting your own kitchen cupboard, it is important to do the job correctly and proceed with patience. READ MORE: Property: The ‘crucial’ home feature to check when buying a house Before starting, make sure you have researched the correct type of paint to use for your specific cabinets. This may vary depending on the material your cupboards are made from. You should also decide on the type of fish you want. Matt or chalk paint finishes, for example, can help to create a rustic feel. However, this type of paint can also be less durable, so may not be the best choice for a busy kitchen. DON'T MISSHow to remove brown stains from a toilet - 4 ways to shift limescale [REVEALED]Spring cleaning: How to clean window glass and frames [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to clean patio - ‘came up sparkling’ [COMMENT] If you can remove your kitchen cabinet doors, this may be the easiest way to paint them and will also mean you can move them to another room or outside for painting. However, even if your cabinet doors are not easy to remove, you can simply cover hinges with masking tape. Always remove handles; this can be easily done using a cordless screwdriver. Put down newspaper to protect your floor, and cover the areas surrounding the cabinets with masking tape. To prepare the surface of your kitchen cabinets, cleaning is essential. This will remove any built-up dirt currently lurking on your cabinets, and ensure the surface is smooth before you begin painting. You can do this by using your usual kitchen cleaner or detergent, and plenty of elbow grease. Be sure to allow plenty of time to dry before you embark on painting. Now it’s time to get stuck into the actual task of adding a splash of colour to your kitchen cabinets. Experts from IdealHome recommend starting with a brush to get into any nooks or hard to reach areas. They state this will “ensure an even and thorough coverage of paint.” After using your small brush, IdealHome recommends tackling larger areas of your cupboards with a small nap roller brush Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If you plan to build up layers of paint, IdealHome says it is best to “allow at least five to seven days” between thin coats. Lightly sand back and wipe away the dust between coats. They add: “Be patient and give a minimum of four hours drying time for primer, and 24 hours for all other coats. “Expect to apply at least two coats of colour, or more if you’re going for a very solid finish.” Ensure your paint is fully dry before refitting cabinet doors, handles or other fixtures.