The bizarre warning was televised just hours after US President Joe Biden branded the Russian a “war criminal” for the first time and almost three weeks after his country invaded Ukraine. Putin spoke as Ukraine Prime Minister Volodymyr Zelensky addressed US lawmakers in a landmark virtual speech to Congress in which he invoked Pearl Harbour, the 9/11 attacks and Martin Luther King Jr as he called for greater Western intervention against Russia.  In a coordinated move last month Britain, the US, Canada and the EU, barred Moscow from the Swift international banking system to prevent the Russian Central Bank from deploying its international reserves “in ways that undermine the impact of our sanctions”. In the speech, Putin claimed Western “attempts to have global dominance” is coming to an end. He then claimed the West would use “those who earn their money here, but live over there” as a “fifth column” designed to divide Russian society. The 69-year-old leader said: “I do not judge those with villas in Miami or the French Riviera.   “Or who can't get by without oysters or foie gras or so-called ‘gender freedoms’. “The problem is they mentally exist there, and not here, with our people, with Russia. “The West will try to bet on the so-called fifth column, on traitors... to divide our society.. to provoke civil confrontation... to strive to achieve its aim. And there is one aim - the destruction of Russia.” Putin, who has passed laws tightly controlling the speech of his people and press freedoms, then continued to ramble on, suggesting the West was bent on imposing sanctions on his country. READ MORE: Chilling reason Putin has not assassinated Ukraine's Zelensky  He claimed: “They just don't want a strong and sovereign Russia.” Meanwhile, on Wednesday, a new slew of allegations of war crimes were hurled at Putin after video of an attack that was later confirmed by Ukraine's prosecutor general showed at least 10 civilians gunned down while they were queuing for bread outside Chernihiv. Ukraine's prosecutor general confirmed in a statement the attack by Russian forces who “fired at people standing in line for bread near a grocery store.” Horrific new drone footage appeared to show Russian soldiers executing a lone Ukrainian civilian as he held his hands up to surrender on a highway west of Kyiv last week. DON'T MISS:Despicable Zelensky deepfake ordering Ukrainians to 'lay down arms' Russia ‘runs the risk’ of historic default Queen’s everyday handbag items laid bare, by expert Thousands of Russians have been arrested by police for protesting the invasion. Marina Ovsyannikova, a senior producer at Russia’s state-run Channel One, staged a protest on air on Monday night when she waved a sign reading: “Don’t believe the propaganda. They’re lying to you here.” 