Manchester United will reportedly offer Anthony Martial to Tottenham this summer in an attempt to get their hands on blockbuster striker Harry Kane. United are desperate to sign a new frontman ahead of next season after enduring another disappointing campaign. United have struggled in front of goal at times this season and look set to lose Edinson Cavani in the summer when his contract comes to an end. The future of Cristiano Ronaldo is also up in the air, with some people claiming he is unhappy at Old Trafford. So United chiefs know they need a reliable striker who has a proven ability to find the back of the net. And Kane certainly fits the bill. According to ESPN, Kane is one of the options being monitored, and United are exploring the possibility of including Martial to facilitate the move. Tottenham value Kane at more than £100million - but the Red Devils hope they can offset some of the cost if their out-of-favour France international moves in the opposite direction. JUST IN: Tottenham may have Lloris replacement plan that wouldn't cost a penny   Spurs have enquired about Martial in the past but apparently sources close to the player have revealed that he would prefer a move to either Italy or Spain if he is to leave Old Trafford permanently. The 26-year-old is contracted to the Red Devils until the summer of 2024, with the option of another year. But he is currently on loan at Sevilla after falling down the pecking order at United following the arrivals of Ronaldo and Jadon Sancho last summer. Martial has only found the back of the net once in eight games for the Spanish side, however, and the prospect of his move becoming permanent looks unlikely. The player is not expected to be happy to sit on the United bench next season, so could be willing to move to north London if he can’t secure a move overseas. DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt     Kane is regarded as one of the best strikers in the world and is the fifth-highest Premier League scorer of all-time after bagging an incredible 178 goals. The 28-year-old looked set to move to Manchester City last summer, but was forced to stay at Spurs after chairman Daniel Levy rebuffed the Citizens’ approaches. Kane’s form suffered as a result during the first half of this season but he has rediscovered his scoring touch in recent months. But the star will be 29 by the time next season begins in August - so if he wants to secure a mega-money move away from north London, this summer may be his final opportunity to do it. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 