Sharing an update on Twitter, the MoD gave an update on the military situation in Ukraine and claimed there are signs that Ukrainian forces are gaining the upper hand over the Russians. Russian troops, already “facing considerable supply and morale issues”, could now be encircled by the Ukrainians around Bucha and Irpin, northwest of Kyiv. There have been successful counter attacks on the invaders in regions outside the capital, with the MoD believing Ukraine has “probably'' retaken the towns of Moschun and Makariv. They wrote: “Ukraine is increasing pressure on Russian forces north-east of Kyiv. “Russian forces along this axis are already facing considerable supply and morale issues. “Ukrainian forces are carrying out successful counter attacks against Russian positions in towns on the outskirts of the capital, and have probably retaken Makariv and Moschun. “There is a realistic possibility that Ukrainian forces are now able to encircle Russian units in Bucha and Irpin. “It is likely that successful counter attacks by Ukraine will disrupt the ability of Russian forces to reorganise and resume their own offensive towards Kyiv.” This comes as NATO estimates the Russian death toll to be as high as 15,000, as high as the entire decade-long Afghanistan campaign by the USSR in the 1980s, according to the Guardian. READ MORE: Doomsday plane flies over English Channel President Volodymyr Zelensky made an impassioned speech ahead of the G7, NATO and EU summits on Thursday, saying the meetings would reveal “who is a friend, who is a partner, and who betrayed us for money”. He stated: “Politicians must also support freedom. All of them. “They must support the struggle for life. We are waiting for meaningful steps. From NATO, the EU and the G7. DON'T MISS:EU fury as Macron allows French companies to resume business in Russia [REVEAL]Angela Rayner ridiculed over Russia nuclear weapons claim [UK POLITICS]Brit travels to Kyiv to join arms with Ukrainian military [SPOTLIGHT] “Our firm position will be represented at these three summits. At these three summits we will see: Who is a friend, who is a partner, and who betrayed us for money.” Zelensky urged more support in the form of weapons, saying Ukraine was still not safe from Russian bombs and missiles. He continued: “We asked the Alliance to say it will fully help Ukraine with this war, clear our territories of the invaders and restore peace in Ukraine.”