Tottenham boss Antonio Conte is a big fan of Napoli frontman Victor Osimhen and a summer transfer could potentially be on the cards, reports in Italy claim. The development comes as a blow to Newcastle, who are understood to be preparing a lucrative swoop for the Nigerian international ahead of the 2022/23 campaign as part of their ambitious new project under new ownership. Osimhen is no stranger to English clubs after putting his name up in lights with Lille in 2019/20 following his move from Belgian side Charleroi. His ruthless finishing and attacking threat in the final third was enough to entice Napoli into a big-money £57million move amid alleged interest from Liverpool and Manchester United. Yet after less than two years in Naples, Osimhen could be heading for the Premier League with a host of clubs now tracking his progress. According to Radio Kiss in Napoli, Tottenham manager Conte is keen on landing the 23-year-old this summer. Osimhen's numbers in front of goal have been key to the Partenopei's Scudetto hopes this season. He has struck nine times in 19 matches, netting several crucial winners - including last weekend against Hellas Verona - along the way. A fractured cheekbone and eye socket - sustained in the 3-2 defeat to Inter Milan in November - nearly derailed his side's title challenge. Yet his return to action has helped get Napoli back on track with leaders AC Milan now just three points in front. But beyond this season, Napoli are now facing a fight to keep their talismanic centre-forward at the club. It's reported that Conte wants to bring Omsihen to north London - particularly if Harry Kane was to leave Spurs this summer. Kane U-turned his decision to quit Tottenham after Euro 2020 after Daniel Levy dug his heels into the ground during negotiations with Manchester City. Instead, he decided to stay put for another season but if Spurs fail to secure Champions League football, he could seek to depart once again. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here It's also possible that Spurs sign another striker to play in attack alongside Kane. The England captain's vision and passing has rightfully been praised in the past 18 months as Kane's game continues to evolve. He picked up the playmaker award as well as the golden boot last season after recording the most assists in the Premier League (14). The prospect of pairing Kane with Osimhen in attack is one that will surely excite Conte, who will be looking to kick Spurs on this summer.