The news comes as Mr Macron has attempted on numerous occasions to act as a broker between Moscow and the West. In a chilling phone call between the two leaders, Putin told Mr Macron on Thursday that Russia would achieve the goals of its military intervention in Ukraine whatever happens, the Kremlin said. In a statement issued after the French and Russian presidents spoke by phone, the Kremlin made clear its goals included the demilitarisation and neutrality of Ukraine. Any attempts by Kyiv to delay negotiations between Russian and Ukrainian officials would result in Moscow adding more items to a list of demands it has already set out, it said.  According to Sophie Pedder, Paris Bureau Chief for the Economist, it was Putin that reached out to Mr Macron. Writing on Twitter she said: "It was Putin who called Macron today, according to the Elysée. "The call lasted an hour and a half. Macron told Putin: "you are lying to yourself". "There was nothing that Putin said that reassured us", a source in the presidency said. "France is preparing for the worst." READ MORE:How China's silence is a cover-up for Xi Jinping's real motives In a statement issued after the French and Russian presidents spoke by phone, the Kremlin made clear its goals included the demilitarisation and neutrality of Ukraine. Any attempts by Kyiv to delay negotiations between Russian and Ukrainian officials would result in Moscow adding more items to a list of demands it has already set out, it said. The statement said: "Vladimir Putin outlined in detail the fundamental approaches and conditions in the context of negotiations with representatives of Kyiv. "It was confirmed that, first of all, we are talking about the demilitarisation and neutral status of Ukraine, so that a threat to the Russian Federation will never emanate from its territory. "It was emphasised that the tasks of the special military operation will be fulfilled in any event, and attempts to gain time by dragging out negotiations will only lead to additional demands on Kiev in our negotiating position."  DON'T MISS:China 'knew about Russian invasion' as Xi 'asked Putin to DELAY war [REPORt]Meghan McCain backs Piers Morgan over Biden [COMMENT]Walls close in on Putin as Royal Marines join NATO [REVEAL] The statement said Russia's "special operation" in Ukraine was going "according to plan". It said reports that Russian forces were bombarding Kyiv were part of an "anti-Russia disinformation campaign", and that Russian forces were doing all they could to protect civilians. Russia calls its actions in Ukraine a "special operation" that it says is not designed to occupy territory but to destroy its southern neighbour's military capabilities and capture what it regards as dangerous nationalists.  Responding to the statement, Mr Macron fumed claiming the Russian leader was deluding himself about the government in Kyiv and that the war would cost Russia dearly over the long term. He warned Putin was making a "major mistake" in Ukraine. "There was nothing in what President Putin said that could reassure us," a French presidential adviser said, adding that Putin had reiterated his "narrative" that he was seeking the "de-Nazification of Ukraine". "'You are lying to yourself," Mr Macron told Putin, the official said. "'It will cost your country dearly, your country will end up isolated, weakened and under sanctions for a very long time." 