Manchester United will be among the Premier League's most active clubs in the summer transfer market as the new manager bids to stamp his authority at Old Trafford. The board are expected to back their new boss with plenty of cash but if United want to shop smartly and avoid being ripped off, there are several hidden gems among the top-flight's relegation-threatened clubs. Express Sport takes a look at some of the talented stars potentially up for grabs at a cut-price, should their teams fail to beat the drop... Max Aarons - Norwich City Norwich looks certainties for another relegation and sit bottom of the pile having won just four of their 26 Premier League outings. But take a look at their squad and there is one standout player who could now finally earn his move after years of speculation. Max Aarons is among England's finest young right-backs and Barcelona, Bayern Munich and Tottenham have all previously taken a look. The Canaries have felt under no pressure to sell though, instead opting to keep their academy graduate at Carrow Road. With United still somewhat unconvinced by both Diogo Dalot and Aaron Wan-Bissaka, who have jostled for the shirt this season, Aarons could help provide further competition. Having three right-backs in the squad is of course unlikely but there has been plenty of interest in Dalot, despite his resurgence under Ralf Rangnick. Aarons provides more attacking quality than both current options and at 22, he will only get better. Ismaila Sarr - Watford He's a player Manchester United looked at signing on transfer deadline day in October 2020 but a move did not materialise. The jet-heeled winger could finally land a big move should he be relegated for a second time in three years with the Hornets. His electric acceleration and ability to beat defenders 1vs1 makes him the perfect modern-day wide forward. The problem is, United do have too many of those, although they are set to refine their options this summer with Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial desperately out of form. Liverpool have previously sniffed around Sarr and given he could be available for close to £30m, he could be worth an audacious punt for United given he will keep their current options on their toes. Dominic Calvert-Lewin - Everton It still seems somewhat unthinkable that Everton could be relegated from the Premier League but they are hovering dangerously above the drop zone. The Toffees need Dominic Calvert-Lewin back fit and firing as soon as possible after an injury-ravaged season. Should Everton fail to survive, the England frontman won't be short of potential suitors. That is expected to be the case anyway. With Edinson Cavani off, United will need to improve their options at centre-forward. Cristiano Ronaldo's future is also unclear. Calvert-Lewin managed 21 goals in all competitions last season and although he has failed to build on that this term, he is still held in high esteem. At 24, there is a sense that the Everton striker is only going to continue developing in years to come. Everton getting relegated will only help out potential buyers, who are currently likely to balk at the Toffees' steep asking price. Kalvin Phillips - Leeds The midfield maestro would surely tarnish his Leeds legacy by making the controversial switch to United given the fierce rivalry between the two sides. A deal, therefore, seems unlikely. That said, the chance to play Champions League football - over Championship football - would be a dream come true for Phillips. Furthermore, he ticks all the boxes for United, who are desperate for a midfielder of Phillips' ilk. He will also come far cheaper than Declan Rice, who West Ham value at over £100m. United like the Leeds man but whether he'd be willing to cross enemy lines is another question altogether. Raphinha One player that would not have a problem making the move from Leeds is Raphinha, who remains a joy to watch. The tricky Brazilian winger has attracted interest from a whole host of clubs including Liverpool and Chelsea. He represents a clear upgrade on Marcus Rashford right now and if Leeds go down, his price-tag will be slashed. Reports even claim his Leeds deal contains a relegation clause that will see him become available on the cheap. That would be huge for United, who could land the skillful attacker at a bargain price while using the funds saved on other areas of the squad. Christian Eriksen - Brentford Perhaps a wildcard option but Christian Eriksen's Brentford deal is only due to run until the end of the season. If he proves he can still perform to the best of his ability, it would be silly for United not to at least consider a move. His passing, creativity and shooting is among the best of its kind in Europe. Bruno Fernandes will undoubtedly remain the first-choice No 10 but Eriksen could help United maintain a challenge on all fronts. With the likes of Juan Mata and Jesse Lingard seemingly off, the Dane would plug a gap in the squad and fill it with quality.