Karren Brady, 52, is an advocate for women's rights and is currently offering mentoring sessions to help fellow female business entrepreneurs. She is used to working in male dominated environments, with The Apprentice being no different. Karren has spoken to Express.co.uk about her relationship with her colleagues on the show. Karren has served as Lord Alan Sugar's assistant on The Apprentice since the show’s sixth series in 2009, having replaced Margaret Mountford. Karren sat with Claude Littner, who was an interviewer on the series since its conception, until he was replaced by series winner Tim Campbell this year. Claude was unable to take part in the latest series, after suffering an injury while cycling. Speaking to Express.co.uk about her relationship with her colleagues, she said: "It’s a great show to be part of and we all get on really well. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty missing from show as BBC Breakfast host replaced "You know, in lot’s of television shows people don’t get on particularly well and in our house we get on very well, we’re very supportive of each other's companies." She continued: "You look back at the previous winners they all run, they employ hundreds of people, have successful businesses, have independence and realise their dream of being a business owner. "We believe in the show and what we’re trying to do." Being a strong advocate for female rights, Express.co.uk asked Karren if she felt she needed to push the ladies' confidence in the boardroom in the latest series. She replied: "The one thing they don’t lack on The Apprentice is confidence and whether that’s sometimes misplaced, that's another question altogether. "I think the women on The Apprentice this year have done remarkable and are doing very well." Apart from the Apprentice, Karren is also known for her role as vice-chairman of West Ham United, alongside David Gold and David Sullivan. Karren is currently working with Simply Business to help gender bias in the workplace, and offering mentoring sessions to women to help curb these issues. DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [BBC] 'We know different!' Cornwall local Fern Britton on Gordon Ramsay jibe [OPINION] Alex Jones: The One Show host issues apology over 'offensive' outfit [COMMENT] Express.co.uk asked Karren what she thinks needs to be done in the future to help female empowerment in the workplace. The businesswoman spoke about the lack of realistic female role models, leading many to look up to individuals like Oprah Winfrey and former First Lady of the United States, Michelle Obama. She said: "Everyone's so busy patting themselves on the back, they sort of fall off the edge of the cliff. "This means we need to create that diversity and have women on the board. "So, lots is said about having women role models and you could say Oprah Winfrey and Michelle Obama are role models, but they are women we never meet and never know. "So, having a woman on your board is a real role model, someone you can aspire to so you know can do it. "I think those are the things we can do to improve circumstances for women in the workplace." Baroness Karren Brady CBE is an ambassador for Simply Business' Empowering Women In Business initiative, offering one female entrepreneur an exclusive one-on-one mentoring session to improve their skills and confidence in business. Click here for more information.