Marcus Rashford's future remains in doubt with Paris Saint-Germain said to be interested in the England international coming in to replace Kylian Mbappe this summer. Rashford has come under scrutiny in recent weeks for a lack of consistent performances. Ralf Rangnick has dropped Rashford to the bench for United's last four Premier League matches. There have been some suggestions that Rashford is not happy in the United dressing room and could look to leave in the summer. He's not the only striker who looks set to depart Old Trafford with both Edinson Cavani and Anthony Martial expected to leave on a permanent basis. Cristiano Ronaldo's future is also up in the air, potentially leaving United with a striker shortage heading into next season. JUST IN: Man Utd ace Marcus Rashford slammed as 'unacceptable' by Carragher  All may be dependent on who comes in as the permanent manager in the summer with Rangnick unlikely to stay in charge. Mauricio Pochettino remains the favourite, although Erik ten Hag has also been touted as a strong option. If Pochettino comes in though, one of his first tasks will reportedly be to try and keep Rashford at the club. According to the Daily Mail, Pochettino is a big admirer of Rashford and has a longstanding interest in the forward. DON'T MISS  The 24-year-old has reportedly not made any final decision on his immediate future. The report adds that PSG explored the possibility of signing Rashford last summer, but United insisted he was not for sale. Given his contract situation, United may not have a choice this time around with PSG seemingly resigned to Mbappe leaving at the end of the season and their need to bring in a replacement. Pochettino also tried to sign Martial from United during his time as Tottenham manager. Speaking ahead of the Manchester derby at the weekend, Rangnick made it clear that he wants Rashford to remain at Old Trafford. “With Marcus Rashford, we have another player who I will insist and continuously be behind him and with him, to develop him," he said. “We have achieved that with quite a few other young players in the past and I don’t see why this should not happen with Marcus. “He’s got abundant talent, he’s got the pace, he’s got the physicality, he’s got everything that you need for a modern striker, no matter if he’s playing from the wing or in the centre. “I will put all my energy into that, to help him to take the same pathway that other players did in the last three months.”