Princess Diana was born on July 1, 1961, and at the time of her birth ‘Diana’ was the ninth most popular girl name in the UK. However over the years, her name had dropped to the 304th most popular. In 2022 though, the name "Diana" has begun to see a spike in popularity again. Data showed Diana is the ninth most popular baby name making a comeback out of “retro names”. Lottie.org used Forebears.io to find that Diana has become the ninth most popular girl name once again. The name was famously chosen as the middle name for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's daughter Lilibet, who was born on June 4, 2021. Around the world, there are 3,553,640 people who share their name with the late Princess of Wales. Diana’s resurgence in popularity could be attributed to the beloved Princess of Wales, or perhaps striking inspiration from modern songs such as One Direction’s ‘Diana’. However, Diana is still only the 118th most popular name worldwide, two spaces below Esther at 116th with 3,566,497. In seventh place of the top ten “vintage baby names” is George. Lottie.org found that worldwide, 3,950,011 people are named George, meaning 'farmer'. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry savaged for 'unfunny stunt' It comes after Prince George’s godmother said her close role in his life is a "lovely way of loving" Diana. Julia Samuel, a grief counsellor, was a close friend of Diana’s before her death. She is believed to be the person that Meghan Markle turned to when she felt suicidal in her pregnancy. The Duchess of Sussex revealed in her Oprah Winfrey interview: "One of the people I reached out to was one of my husband's mom's best friends, one of Diana's best friends. “Because it's, like, who else could understand what it's actually like on the inside?" Mrs Samuel, who is head of the Child Bereavement charity, said she "felt angry" after the Princess’s death, but now finds comfort in being Prince George’s godmother. She told The Observer Magazine: "Well, I feel lucky I was such a good friend of Princess Diana. “And I really love my godson, George. And it’s a lovely way of loving her.” She also said to the outlet: “I was angry that (Diana) died, and shocked and I couldn’t really understand it all. I understand it better now. "I understand that people felt they really knew and loved her. But I still feel sad today." It also comes after Angela Levin took to social media to urge Kate Middleton to “be herself” after new images of Diana emerged. An picture of the Princess of Wales, taken by esteemed photographer David Bailey in 1988, has been compared to Kate’s birthday portraits taken earlier this year. The snap has been compared to Kate’s royal portraits which were released to mark her 40th birthday this year, where she was pictured wearing a similar gown and striking a similar pose. The royal author wrote to her 33k followers: “I think Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge should stick to being herself. “She doesn't need to try to be someone else, including Diana. She's great as she is.”