The French President has long pushed for a collective EU army, saying back in 2018 that European citizens could not be fully protected without a “true, European army”. The UK has always gone up against such plans, even prior to the Brexit vote. Along with a number of the Baltic states, the UK has argued that an EU army could undermine the efficiency - and infringe on the jurisdiction - of NATO. Speaking on French national television on Wednesday night, Mr Macron said the Russian invasion had changed the terrain, and the arguments, for a so-called EU army. He said: “We cannot let others defend ourselves; whether on land, at sea, under the sea, in the air, in space or in cyberspace.” Adding that “our European defence must take a new step”, the French President, and current EU rotating president, said Europe must “pay the price for peace”. An EU-wide military force would act outside the constraints of the US or NATO. Mr Macron said EU leaders would use a summit at Versailles next week to discuss how the bloc could pool collective military resources. This defence summit on March 10 will be used to discuss how the EU could formulate a force of 5,000 soldiers, which could be deployed at short notice across the world. Mr Macron added that the war in Ukraine had “changed the era”, and the EU must react to such “unprecedented change”. READ MORE: Turkey: Erdogan power play over Putin He continued: “War in Europe no longer belongs in our history books or school books, it is here, before our eyes. “Democracy is no longer considered an unquestionable system, it is questioned, before our eyes. “Our freedom, that of our children, is no longer a given. “To this brutal return of tragedy in history, we must respond with historic decisions.” DON'T MISS: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin 'blackmail' plot to 'evacuate Europe' [LIVE] Brave freedom fighters will never bow to Putin - EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT] Russia wipes entire village off the map as Putin refuses to back down [REPORT] France is the most formidable military power still in the EU after the UK left the bloc, and pushing the agenda of a common defence force has been one expected of Macron and the French rotating presidency. With lacklustre support across the bloc, the plans have always stalled at the discussion phase. But the Russian invasion of Ukraine has seen a policy U-turn from a number of states, not least for Europe’s largest economy, Germany. New Chancellor, Olaf Scholz, announced that for the first time in years, Germany would reach the defence target set by NATO of two percent of a member state’s GDP. Mr Scholz said Germany would match this target “from now on - year after year”, in addition to an immediate injection of £84 billion into defence spending. Mr Macron had attempted to prevent a Russian invasion of Ukraine, engaging in frequent talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin in the run-up to the troops crossing over the border. Calling Putin’s justifications “lies”, Mr Macron said: “President Putin chose war, alone, in a deliberate manner and by going back on engagements made to the United Nations. “This war is not a conflict between Nato and the west on one side and Russia on the other; there are no Nato troops or bases in Ukraine. “That’s just lies. Russia is not being aggressed, it is the aggressor.”