Manchester United need to convince Erik ten Hag if he’s to leave Ajax for Old Trafford, it has been claimed. The Red Devils are keen on the 52-year-old as they explore their managerial options, though the likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique are candidates as well. However, any move to the Premier League hasn’t been rubber-stamped just yet. Manchester United have gone through five managers since the emotional departure of Sir Alex Ferguson in 2013, shortly after he’d guided them to yet another Premier League title. David Moyes was the first to be given the role and the Scot failed to meet expectations, resulting in his sacking after just 10 months at the helm. Louis van Gaal won the FA Cup in 2016 however, after failing to steer the Red Devils into the Champions League, was then relieved of his duties. United initially experienced success under Jose Mourinho, claiming the EFL Cup and Europa League trophies during his maiden season in charge. But Mourinho, after losing the support of players behind the scenes, saw the axe come crashing down on his head in December 2018. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer raised spirits and, for a time, looked as though he’d got United back on track. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Yet with no trophy to show, and with the club enduring a nightmare start to the current season, he ultimately lost his job in November with a chastening 4-1 defeat to Watford the final nail in his coffin. Now, many are expecting Ten Hag to become the next United manager. Having done well at Ajax throughout his time at Amsterdam, winning two league titles and making them a force on the European stage, he’s now the No 1 candidate to take over. Yet Dutch football expert Marcel van der Kraan believes Ten Hag ‘needs convincing’ and that the failed stints of Van Gaal, Mourinho and Solskjaer may deter him from taking charge. "If Manchester United want to get things going, they will have to speed things up and make things concrete," Van der Kraan told Sky Sports. "They will have to put a contract out to him because I think there's a real danger it could become too late for him. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message "For Ten Hag, there may be the consideration of the graveyard Manchester United has been for managers. "Not everything during his career has gone well for United when you see how Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer have all failed and seen their reputations damaged. "It needs some more convincing from United." United have alternatives should Ten Hag prove unattainable, or opt to go elsewhere. Pochettino has been admired for a number of years, with interest dating back to his time at Southampton, while PSG’s recent Champions League exit may work in the Red Devils’ favour. Lopetegui previously toiled at Real Madrid yet has rebuilt his career at Sevilla, who are competing with his old club for the La Liga title. And Enrique, Mancini and Julian Nagelsmann are all dark horses, with the trio currently working at Spain, Italy and Bayern Munich respectively. Louis Saha, meanwhile, has doubts over whether Ten Hag would succeed at United. And that’s because the former Red Devils hitman believes the Premier League side are a ‘different animal’ to Ajax. "Erik ten Hag has benefited from working at a well-run club in Ajax with a very clear structure,” he said earlier this month. "He's got quality, he's got people around him, the Dutch are very knowledgeable in football but I'm sorry, United are a different animal to Ajax. "Ajax is a trampoline for big clubs, they are respected in world football, but they are not in that elite group. "They aren't Milan, they aren't Real Madrid, so most of the players won't know about him. "They'll have heard of his name but that's about it. "Managing United is a different beast, we have seen some big names come in and get chewed out.”