Vladimir Putin’s bloody invasion isn’t going according to plan, and a reported blame game is beginning in Moscow as the Russian leader attempts to claw on to any hope of succeeding in Ukraine. It has even hinted that the Kremlin may be considering pulling back its full-scale invasion of the country - but this is yet to be confirmed. Statements from Moscow on Friday prompted some to suggest it was reducing back its aims for the invasion after its defence ministry claimed it was focusing on its "main goal" of liberating Donbas. Ukraine's armed forces have claimed that some Russian troops have been withdrawing from the Kyiv region and into Belarus, Russia’s top ally. After the sacking of multiple top generals a fortnight ago, the rumour mill has been in full swing that President Putin could finally be relenting. But one academic says President Putin’s plans for Ukraine were always going to fail, regardless of how well planned the invasion was.  READ MORE: Macron sparks fury as he panders to warmonger Putin John R. Bryson, Professor of Enterprise and Economic Geography at the University of Birmingham, said that President Putin’s plans have long been doomed for failure due to his belligerent and isolated style of Governing. He told Express.co.uk: “Putin may have had a carefully constructed plan for his Ukrainian war. “This now appears to have been fundamentally flawed and reflects his isolation from alternative assessments. “The Russian approach to governance is one that is intolerant of conflicting viewpoints. “UK and American politics, and the media, acknowledge the importance of diversity and competing and conflicting opinions and options. “No such dialogue is permitted or desired by Russia. Putin is a classic example of a leader who is isolated from competing viewpoints.” President Putin is believed to have sacked multiple high-ranking officers and members of his team since the war broke out in Ukraine - a clear sign that his governance choices are failing to bring him the results he hoped for. He has also kept his inner circle, also known as the siloviki, largely the same since coming to power.  DON'T MISSPutin's horrifying war tactics exposed as 'toys' turned into bombs [INSIGHT]NATO's 5 camps show Europe's reaction to Ukraine war - Zelensky [ANALYSIS]Bank of England warns of shock from energy prices [REPORT] This bad habit of President Putin’s is unlikely to change anytime soon, with the leader ramping up attacks on dissent in Russia as the wheels begin to fall off the economy. The penalty for criticising the war in Ukraine is now 15 years in prison. Professor Bryson continued: “Putin’s world is one in which officials are reluctant to provide him with a rigorous and robust analysis. “They tell Putin what he wants to hear and perhaps the intelligence provided emphasised that Russian troops would be welcomed by Ukrainians and that the might of the glorious Russian military would overrun the Ukrainian defences in hours and days rather than months. “Effective governance is based on a rolling dialogue of constructive discussion and debate that reflects a diversity of opinions. “This acceptance of diversity is a core strength of democratic approaches to governance and the absence of diversity in alternative approaches is a primary weakness. “There is a paradox here in that President Putin would consider that a diversity of perspectives and opinions reflects weakness rather than strength.”