Liverpool reportedly maintain an interest in signing Jude Bellingham from Borussia Dortmund and still have the "best chance" of signing the midfielder ahead of Real Madrid. Since leaving Birmingham to join Dortmund in 2020, Bellingham has gone on to establish himself as one of the world's brightest prospects. He didn't take long to break into Dortmund's starting line-up on a regular basis and has gone from strength to strength this season. The England international's contract doesn't expire until 2025, but performances this year have attracted the attention of clubs all over Europe. A move away this summer would be unlikely with Erling Haaland the most likely to depart Dortmund at the end of the season. The Bundesliga outfit will not want to lose two of their star players in the same window, meaning clubs interested in Bellingham will likely have to wait until 2023. The 2023 summer transfer window may well be Jurgen Klopp's last in charge of Liverpool with his current contract expiring in 2024. Klopp has hinted that he will take a break from football once his time at Liverpool comes to an end. JUST IN: Jude Bellingham sent clear transfer message by Southgate  But a delay in Bellingham's move away from Dortmund may well play into the hands of Liverpool, according to Bild. The report states that Real have entered the race to sign the 18-year-old, but they're also aware that a move will not be available until next year. However, it is said that Liverpool will have the "best chance" to sign the talented teenager in 2023. Klopp is said to be a huge admirer of Bellingham with the midfielder touted to become England's next big star. DON'T MISS  He won't come cheap though with reports stating Dortmund will want a fee in the region of £84m in return. Dortmund CEO Michael Zorc recently played down any chance of Bellingham leaving at the end of the season. "He consciously chose BVB and the concept we presented to him. His development at Dortmund is far from over," he said. "He is very clear-headed and has a very good environment, which helps him to handle his rapid development in just the right way. "The fact that Jude is already showing such consistency in his performances was not to be expected when we signed him. Especially in recent months, he has made another leap forward and is now an extremely important player."