 Mr Danyluk told the BBC's Today programme: "I can tell you also that frustration is also a bit growing. "Because NATO did not accept our plea for a no-fly zone. "There is some obstacles now with obtaining the equipment. "The planes, the aircraft defence, anti-aircraft defence system that we absolutely need. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Mr Danyluk added: "So Ukrainians are a bit frustrated, even in the recent poll the level of, kind of, approval for NATO, of joining NATO dropped. "Because Ukrainians realise finally that it's up to us, how we defend our country." Despite repeated explanations for what the implementation of a no-fly zone would mean, Ukrainian political leaders and President Volodymyr Zelensky have continued to call on NATO for it to be imposed. NATO aircraft would have to shoot down Russian missiles and planes, meaning they would be interjecting themselves directly in the conflict, which would essentially kick off world war 3. READ MORE: 'Recipe for failure' £120million Festival of Brexit blasted as 'vague and shape-shifting And Putin has warned that any interference from Western countries could cause him to use nuclear warfare in retaliation. On Monday, President Zelensky said: “The shelling of the International Centre for Peacekeeping and Security killed 35 people and wounded 134 others. “Now I repeat again – if you do not close our sky, it is only a matter of time before Russian missiles fall on your territory. "NATO territory. On the homes of citizens of NATO countries.” DON’T MISS: Ukraine horror as Russian troops take HUNDREDS hostage in Mariupol hospitalOil price crash: Relief for UK motorists as oil prices fall below $100 - 'Under-priced!'Five children as young as 12 arrested over horror stabbing of teenager in daylight brawl Secretary-General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg said: "We understand the desperation but we also believe that if we did that (establishing a no-fly zone) we would end up with something that could lead to a full-fledged war in Europe, involving much more countries. "At the same time, we have a responsibility as NATO allies to prevent this war from escalating beyond Ukraine because that would be even more dangerous. "more devastating and would cause even more human suffering. "The reckless actions around the nuclear power plant last night just highlights the dangers of this war."War is dangerous and to have military operations conflict fighting going around the nuclear power plant adds to the danger."