Sadio Mane’s Liverpool contract concern will only grow after the Senegal international failed to take his chance to prove he should start over Luis Diaz. Jurgen Klopp had shifted Mane to the central striking role in his starting line-up in recent games, with Diaz impressing on the left. But against Inter Milan in the Champions League on Tuesday, Klopp decided to change tack, selecting Mane in his natural left-wing position. As a result, Diaz was dropped to the bench for the first time since the first leg of the last 16 tie. Diaz’s dropping handed Mane the chance to impress, a chance he needed to take with time ticking down on his contract. The attacker will see his current deal expire at the end of next season, with no update on the progress of talks over an extension. Mane is basically competing with star attacker Mohamed Salah for a new deal, with Liverpool likely only able to afford to keep one of them. JUST IN: Jurgen Klopp holding 'private conversations' on Jude Bellingham move As it stands, Mane is slipping back in the race to be given an extension, with Salah enjoying an incredibly impressive season. His team-mate on the other hand has started to struggle over the past two campaigns, though up to January he had remained an integral part of Klopp’s team. The arrival of Diaz has changed all that though, with Mane’s place at Anfield now under more threat than ever before. That change of circumstances will not have improved in the aftermath of Liverpool’s win on aggregate over Inter. DON'T MISS: 5 things we learned as Liverpool survive scare despite Inter defeat (ANALYSIS)Mohamed Salah finds positive in Liverpool's Inter Milan defeat (INSIGHT)Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp bellows at UEFA officials over emergency (NEWS)    It follows a string of impressive performances from the Colombian, which culminated in his man of the match display against West Ham last Saturday.   Given Mane’s struggles, it would be a surprise if Diaz was not brought back into the team immediately for Saturday’s trip to Brighton.   There will now also be serious concern among the attacker’s team that he will not be offered the deal that he wants when it comes to negotiating a new contract.   His disappointing performance against Inter then serves as a missed opportunity for Mane to show his worth to Klopp.    Mane started on the left wing for the second leg clash at Anfield, but struggled to have an impact on the game. The Senegalese won only three of his ground duels, had just one successful dribble and was only able to produce one shot on Inter’s goal. It was a disappointing performance from the 29-year-old and one he did not need in the face of renewed competition for his place. Though he only featured for seven minutes, Diaz again looked lively and was only denied a goal by a heroic block from Arturo Vidal. It follows a string of impressive performances from the Colombian, which culminated in his man of the match display against West Ham last Saturday. Given Mane’s struggles, it would be a surprise if Diaz was not brought back into the team immediately for Saturday’s trip to Brighton. There will now also be serious concern among the attacker’s team that he will not be offered the deal that he wants when it comes to negotiating a new contract. His disappointing performance against Inter then serves as a missed opportunity for Mane to show his worth to Klopp.