Sophie, Countess of Wessex, is in New York City to join United Nations (UN) Women and Georgetown Institute for Women, Peace and Security (GIWPS) to “discuss the upholding of the human rights of women and girls in conflict”. The Royal Family added on Twitter that Sophie will be undertaking engagements “in support of equality in the workplace with 100 Women in Finance, a global network of professionals in the finance and alternative investment industries working together to empower women at every stage of their careers. The Countess first stopped at the Queen Elizabeth II Garden in New York City, where she met Consuls General from across the Commonwealth. Pictures of Sophie planting a tree in the garden were posted to the Royal Family Twitter account, with the caption: “The Garden celebrates the historic ties of friendship between the UK, the USA and the Commonwealth, and today The Countess planted a rosemary bush to mark Commonwealth Day.” The post went on: “Next, The Countess opened the new office of the 250-year-old @SGS_NY, and heard about their work to support vulnerable people with British and Commonwealth heritage in the city. “The Countess met academically gifted students from across the Commonwealth, who have received scholarships from the Society.” READ MORE: UK's fish and chip shops in crisis as supply of white fish at risk While outside planting a tree, Sophie was seen wearing a long, cream trench coat with a black and navy blue houndstooth scarf. The outfit was completed by black leather gloves and a pair of black heeled boots. The royal’s double breasted brushed wool coat was in the colour “sand white” and from Italian fashion brand Max Mara. Sophie has worn the coat before, most notably with a red Valentino skirt on International Women’s Day in March 2019. DON'T MISS: Horoscope: Pisces warned of upcoming 'terrible conflict' - 'be brave' [INSIGHT]What to do in a nuclear attack - four key steps to take to stay safe [GUIDE]Lewis Hamilton's strict diet and exercise regime to keep in shape [INTERVIEW] The Countess’ boots, however, are a new pair and are from iconic designer Saint Laurent. They are black leather ankle boots in the “Lou 95” style. When Sophie visited indoor venues, speaking with charity workers and students, she took off her coat and unveiled a black leather dress, cinched in at the waist with a black belt. The belt was attached to the dress and gave it and even more modern twist. The sleeveless midi dress was from Spanish luxury fashion house Loewe and Sophie paired it with a tight, black long-sleeved top underneath. She also carried a snakeskin clutch from Italian bag specialists Sophie Habsburg. As for jewellery, Sophie wore a pair of beautiful red and silver oval-shaped earrings from Italian designer Lucia Odescalchi. Additionally, a gold pendant from London-based jewellers Cassandra Goad adorned her neck and elevated her all-black outfit. Royal fans were quick to express their thoughts on Sophie’s outfit on Twitter, with many praising the royal’s look. Twitter user @servingsophie wrote: “HRH looked beautiful today. Loved the leather dress!” Royal fan @theroyalhobby said: “Oh how wonderful! I am so excited for the rest of her tour.” User @nbyrne01 commented: “She continues to be amazing.” User @mgt_thompson added: “Love this royal. Down to earth, lovely nature, no falseness.”