The Chairman and CEO of Axel Springer claimed Germany's inability to take responsibility for the fate of millions of people in Ukraine risking their lives under Russian attacks, is proof his country is yet to learn from World War 2 lessons. In a chilling article Mr Dopfner wrote for Politico, he denounces the West, and mostly Germany's reluctance to take an active stance in the Ukrainian conflict. Diplomatic attempts to convince Russian President Vladimir Putin to put an end to his attacks are, claimed the German editor, only an "invitation" to strike more. He wrote: "Here it is again. The 'doves' believe the best way to avoid or end wars is through restraint, by keeping out of it, by offering compromises and by talking. The 'hawks' believe that conflicts can be avoided or ended through deterrence, strength and a mixture of credible threats and diplomacy. "Most people would rather be doves, of course. However, recent history has shown us that the hawks are right when it comes to securing or restoring peace — which is hopefully what everyone taking part in this discussion wants. "That’s the way it was in World War II, which only ended thanks to the courageous actions of the Allies. "Or the Yom Kippur War, where American military support for Israel led to the conclusion of a ceasefire. And the Kosovo War only ended once NATO intervened. "In all these cases, further escalation was a risk. And that risk is now the main argument put forward to support the policy of non-intervention in the war in Ukraine. "It is a tempting argument; it sounds so reasonable. But most people haven’t thought it all the way through. Because escalation remains a threat even without an alliance with military backing. "Russian President Vladimir Putin himself is escalating the situation. And the less resistance he faces, the more he escalates. Is bombing the capital Kyiv not escalation? Or murdering women and children in Mariupol? READ MORE: Russian solider describes unit being 'torn apart' by Ukrainian troops "Uttering threats of using nuclear weapons? Restraint, offers of compromise, the exclusion of certain military options — these are all things that autocrats and dictators see as weakness, and therefore as encouragement to continue on their path of aggression. "In short —to them, restraint is an invitation to escalate even further." The staunch attack on the German government comes as western leaders are meeting in Brussels to agree to strengthen their forces in Eastern Europe and increase military aid to Ukraine. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky urged them to go further and repeated his call for a no-fly zone over his country, where thousands of people have been killed, millions become refugees, and cities pulverised since Russian President Vladimir Putin unleashed his invasion on February 24. In Mariupol, the southern port city that has come to symbolise Ukraine's plight, people were burying their dead and queuing for rations in pauses in the bombing. DON'T MISS:Putin 'clearing his conscience' after cancer diagnosis claims [INSIGHT]'This is huge' Putin faces 'biggest defeat' yet [ANALYSIS]Biden to snub trade deal over 'blood, sweat and tears' [REACTION] Hundreds of thousands of people have been hiding in basements in Mariupol with no running water, food, medicine or power. Ukrainian officials say they have pushed back the invaders in other areas, including around the capital Kyiv, thwarting Russian hopes of a swift victory. In Brussels, Western leaders will warn Putin his country will pay "ruinous" costs for invading Ukraine during a series of NATO, G7 and EU summits over Thursday and Friday. US President Joe Biden is among those attending. Alarmed by the prospect that Russia might escalate the war, the NATO nations will agree to send Kyiv equipment to defend against biological, chemical and nuclear attacks. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau told the EU parliament: “We must ensure that the decision to invade a sovereign independent country is understood to be a strategic failure that carries with it ruinous costs for Putin and Russia.” The first US shipment from a new, $800 million arms package for Ukraine will start flying out in the next day or so, a US defence official said. NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said the alliance would boost its forces in Eastern Europe by deploying four new battle groups in Bulgaria, Hungary, Romania, Slovakia. The Kremlin said most NATO member states suffered from an "hysterical and inadequate" understanding of what is going on in Ukraine. Washington said Biden and his European counterparts would announce new sanctions against Russia and measures to tighten existing sanctions. However, EU diplomats played down expectations of major new sanctions.