As an unprecedented one-day trio of G7, NATO, and EU summits goes underway on Thursday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky urged Western nations gathering in Brussels to take "serious steps" to help Kyiv fight Russia's invasion. This manic day of summitry, aimed at maintaining western unity, kicks off at NATO's headquarters, where the transatlantic defence alliance's leaders will agree to ramp up military forces on Europe's eastern flank. In a statement on Wednesday night, Mr Zelensky said he expected “serious steps” from western allies, reinstating his calls for a no-fly zone over Ukraine and unheeded requests for planes, modern anti-missile systems, tanks or anti-ship weapons. He said: "At these three summits we will see who is our friend, who is our partner and who sold us out and betrayed us." The G7, short for the Group of Seven, is an intergovernmental forum bringing together leaders to discuss and shape political responses to global challenges. While lacking a legal or institutional basis, the G7 is considered to exert significant international influence.  READ MORE: EU Summit LIVE: Johnson left out in cold as bloc opens doors to Biden  The group is known for spearheading major global initiatives including efforts to combat pandemics, provide financial aid to developing countries, and address climate change - answering for why the Ukrainian president is applying so much pressure on today’s summit. The intergovernmental political forum comprises the leaders of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Originally known as the G8, the group was formed in 1975 and initially included the presence of Russia, who was uninvited in 2014 due to its annexation of Crimea. The seven members are said to be bound by shared values as open, democratic and outward-looking societies.  The leaders gather annually - unless an emergency summit is called - to discuss and coordinate solutions to major global issues, particularly in the areas of trade, security, economics, and climate change. The G7 is not based on a treaty and has no permanent office, therefore its presidency rotates annually among its member states, having the presiding state set the group's priorities, host, and organise the summit. The European Union (EU) is a "unique supranational organisation", but it’s not a sovereign member state, therefore cannot technically be included in the “Group of Seven” - as it comprises 27 countries. DON'T MISS:Putin’s sick Ukraine plan: Russian despot ‘a hostage’ with ‘no choice’ [EXPLAINED] Putin doesn't want peace, says expert predicting more bloodshed [ANALYSIS]Shell to invest £25bn in UK after CUTTING ties with Russia [INSIGHT]    However, the EU has been dubbed the 8th member, holding all the same privileges and obligations that come with official membership, it just cannot assume the rotating G7 presidency, meaning it can’t host or chair a summit. The president of the European Commission has attended every G7 summit since 1981, now annually joined by the president of the European Council, and takes part in all working sessions. Leaders attending today’s meeting have said that the aim is to help Ukraine defend itself. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: "Vladimir Putin has already crossed the red line into barbarism.  He continued: "The harder our sanctions ... the more we can do to help Ukraine ... the faster this thing can be over." Punishing Russia further will underline the emergency summit and actions to support Ukraine will be stepped up, however, EU diplomats have played down the expectations of major new sanctions on Russia, and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg repeated that the alliance will not send troops or planes to Ukraine. The EU summit to be held later in the day is expected to see leaders agree to jointly buy gas, as they seek to cut reliance on Russian fuels and build a buffer against supply shocks. 