Kathleen from Birmingham slammed the UK Government's rise in pensions, claiming that people like her have paid the Government so much over their lifetime. With pensioners set to receive less with the current state pension increase, some will be facing the impossible dilemma of whether to eat or keep their homes warm. Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak has faced questions in Parliament over the cost of living crisis as inflation is predicted to jump from 5.5 percent to 7.25 percent next month.   Caller Kathleen said: "My pension didn't come quite as near to what it should've been because they had penalised me, for cutting two years off my pension." Mr Vine said: " Oh that's terrible! So you're not one of the waspy women as they're a bit younger, is that right?" Kathleen added: "I... Yes, a little bit yes, so the Government have had an awful lot of my money, but haven't paid me that. "The state pension, people in this country, especially people of my age group have worked extremely hard. JUST IN: Staggering chart shows how much YOUR energy bills could rise AGAIN in October  Caller Kathleen added: "And it seems to me we're always penalised for working hard. "And I think now, it's time that the Government did give us something back." The Bank of England has made the prediction that inflation is likely to rise to more than 7 percent in the next few months. And the UK state pension is set to rise up by less than half that amount in the next few months.  Helen Morrissey of Hargreaves Lansdown spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk, Ms Morrissey urgently advised Brits to take advantage of Pension Credit, in order to decrease the impact of rising prices. Ms Morrissey said: "With regards to those who are dependent on the state pension, a really important thing to consider is Pension Credit. "It's there to top up the income of the poorest pensioners and it also acts as a gateway to other benefits. "You can get help with NHS treatment, if you are over 75 you can get a free TV licence. Ms Morrissey added: "There's various other things which can have a massive impact over a long period of time. "The thing with Pension Credit as well is that it is a really under-claimed benefit, a lot of people don't recognise that they are eligible for it. "Only something like six in 10 people who could claim it actually do. "That's something that anyone who is eligible should look at because it could make a massive difference for them." 