Prince William and Kate Middleton are currently on an eight-day tour of the Caribbean to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, and in their parents' absence, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis are thought to be in the care of their nanny, Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo. Ms Borrallo has often been pictured in the background helping Kate and William with parenting duties during royal events, and over the eight years she has been part of the royal household, it is thought she has become integral to the Cambridge family.  Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo has been the Cambridge family's nanny since 2014, and she was employed a few months after the birth of Prince George. Ms Borrallo has since helped to look after George's younger siblings Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, and she has often appeared in the background of Royal Family photos. Ms Borrallo frequently accompanies the Cambridge family on royal engagements and visits abroad to help supervise the royal tots, and she is extensively trained for the role.  READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' Ms Borrallo was born in Spain and she attended Norland College, an educational establishment famed for its top-class childcare training in Bath. Founded in 1892, Norland nannies are known for their brown uniform, brogues and hat, and they are employed in the households of the world's richest and most famous people. George, Charlotte and Louis are thought to spend time exploring the great outdoors with Ms Borrallo, in addition to taking part in home pursuits like cooking and baking.   Louise Heren, the author of Nanny in a Book, told Mirror Online that Kate likely has a "close" relationship with Ms Borrallo. Ms Heren said: "Given what we have seen of Catherine when she is out in public, she's very hands on. "I imagine her relationship with Maria is very close and they collaborate greatly on the care of the children. "I've spoken to nannies who have worked with other royal families and life is pretty normal."  DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton stuns in white Alexander McQueen suit in Jamaica [PICTURES] India TV host slams Queen's past over Jamaica protests [INSIGHT]Royal tour schedule: What awaits Kate and William in Jamaica [EXPLAINER] Ms Heren spent a year at Norland while researching for a documentary, and she discovered that Norland nannies never refer to the children in their care as 'kids'. So while Ms Borrallo is around, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis are likely known as the 'children'. Children is believed to be the preferred term as it is more respectful to the children as individuals. 