Roman Abramovich has altered the terms of selling Chelsea after putting the club on the market, according to reports. The Russian has made the call amid his country’s invasion of Ukraine. And it will mark the end of a glittering era at Stamford Bridge where the Blues have won every major trophy possible. Abramovich was enchanted by English football after watching Manchester United beat Real Madrid 4-3 in a thrilling Champions League clash back in 2003. And he then decided to use his wealth to buy Chelsea, transforming English football in the process. Abramovich’s takeover shifted the goalposts in the Premier League, with the west London giants then emerging as a global superpower in the years since. During his reign, Chelsea have won five league titles, as well as two Champions League crowns and the FA Cup on five separate occasions. In a statement released on Wednesday, Abramovich signalled the end of an era by saying: “I have always taken decisions with the club’s best interests at heart. “In the current situation, I have therefore taken the decision to sell the club, as I believe this is in the best interest of the club,  fans, employees, as well as  sponsors and partners.” THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Now, according to The Sun, Abramovich has appointed US bankers Raine Group to find a buyer. It’s stated by the publication that Raine Group had, initially, been asking for ‘indicative bids’ by tomorrow. However, in his statement, Abramovich then proceeded to indicate that any sale wouldn’t be hasty. He added: “The sale of the club will not be fast-tracked but will follow due process. I will not be asking for any loans to be repaid. “This has never been about business, nor money for me, but about pure passion for the game and club. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “I have instructed my team to set up a charitable foundation where all net proceeds from the sale will be donated. “The foundation will be for the benefit of all  victims of the war in Ukraine, providing critical funds towards the urgent and immediate needs of victims, as well as supporting the long-term work of recovery.” British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe is one of the names in the frame to buy Chelsea. And it’s stated two other parties are interested, too, with Switzerland’s richest man US-based Hansjorg Wyss another. Wyss recently said Abramovich wanted a quick sale, contradicting the Russian’s comments in the process. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Abramovich is one of Vladimir Putin’s closest advisers and friends,” he said. “Like all other oligarchs, he is also in a panic.  Abramovich is trying to sell all his villas in England. “He also wants to get rid of Chelsea quickly. Abramovich is currently asking far too much. Chelsea has no money. We don’t know the exact selling price.” Abramovich has been a distant figure at Chelsea in recent years. He’s rarely attended matches in England due to visa problems, though was present at their Champions League triumph over Manchester City last May. And Abramovich has indicated he’d like to return one last time to say goodbye to supporters, saying they’ll ‘always be in my heart’. He stated: “This has been an incredibly difficult decision to make and it pains me to part with the club in this manner. “I hope that  I will be able to visit Stamford Bridge one last time to say goodbye to all of you in person. “It has been a privilege of a lifetime to be part of Chelsea FC and I am proud of all our joint achievements. “Chelsea Football Club and its supporters will always be in my heart.”