Josh Coburn's extra-time finish ensured Middlesborough overcame Tottenham Hotspur to progress into the FA Cup quarter-finals, leaving Antonio Conte's side facing another trophy-less season. The 19-year-old substitute smashed a close range finish into the top corner to ensure Chris Wilder's side claimed another Premier League scalp in their amazing FA Cup adventure. Conte deployed an unchanged starting eleven from their impressive 4-0 away victory against Leeds United against the Championship promotion chasers. Marauding right-wing-back Matt Doherty had the only real chance of the first half, touching the ball past goalkeeper Joe Lumley. However, the Irishman seemingly found himself caught between shooting and crossing as he floated the ball over the crossbar. Chris Wilder’s side had a glorious opportunity to open the scoring, as an unmarked Matt Crooks ghosted in-between Doherty and Eric Dier but headed Jonny Howson’s perfect corner over from five yards out. Isaiah Jones saw a low effort saved by Hugo Lloris, before another free header from Howson was guided wide. Extra-time triggered a flurry of chances for both sides, but the first of which fell to Tottenham's in-form star Dejan Kulusevsk,who cut inside onto his favoured left-foot and unleashed a zipping low drive that forced Lumley into a fantastic low save. But the home side came roaring back and proceeded to pepper Lloris' goal. Boro midfielder Marcus Tavernier thought he had finally broke the deadlock, but Lloris was there to deny the Championship side again. However, Coburn's confident finish in the second period of extra-time broke Tottenham's hearts and ripped the roof of a sold out Riverside Stadium. Daily Express Sport considers five things we learned from Middlesbrough's victory over Tottenham. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick 'has made mind up' about Cristiano Ronaldo  Top four or nothing for Tottenham Winning the FA Cup was Conte’s final act with Chelsea and, as it appeared at the time, in England. But with Tottenham out of the Europa Conference League and the title race, the FA Cup is the only piece of silverware available to Conte. The Italian has been extremely vocal about his past successes and how he is used to challenging for titles and trophies, rather than top four positions. Whether or not Conte drags Tottenham into the illusive fourth position will likely be a useful barometer of how well his first half season has gone. However, with the Italian deploying an unchanged team from the victory at Leeds United, as vital matches against Everton and Manchester United loom on the horizon, Conte is certainly determined to end 14 years of trophiless hurt for his side. READ MORE: Ousmane Dembele sends message to Man Utd and Chelsea Spurs' short corner obsession ends in failure Middlesbrough defenders frantically looked to ensure Kane, Eric Dier, Cristian Romero, and Hojbjerg were picked up in the penalty area. Before they even noticed a short corner was sent to Harry Winks and the Englishman’s dangerous whipped cross was only just ushered out to safety. On their next corner kick, Tottenham tried to catch Middlesbrough out again with the short corner, but the ball was not put into the penalty area at all. Considering the fact their first corner of the game came in the opening exchanges, one would have imagined Spurs testing Middlesbrough’s nerves with a sumptuous delivery into the box for their big men to run on to. Over-reliance on Hugo Lloris exposed At times it seemed like Lloris was singlehandedly keeping Tottenham's chances of silverware alive. The Frenchman made countless saves from the likes of Isaiah and Tavernier at the very end of the contest and made many more in extra-time. Considering the fact Tottenham deployed what was arguably their best starting eleven available at the current moment, the over-reliance on Lloris will certainly concern Conte. The Italian will be demanding huge, consistent improvements from his side. Spurs' Inconsistency remains Middlesbrough began the contest in impressive fashion, but they were helped by Tottenham’s slow opening 45 minutes. Aside from Doherty’s chance just before half-time, Tottenham were surprisingly sluggish, particularly when the ball got into the final third. At times, Spurs were reduced to the compact, counter attacking side as Middlesbrough overloaded the midfield areas and pressed them high up the pitch. While Leeds United were enduring a barren run, the crispness, efficiency, and speed in Tottenham’s performance at Elland Road was absent at the Riverside. This inconsistency and lack of firepower could come back to haunt Tottenham’s ambitions this season. Vindication for Chris Wilder Sporting a classy grey coat, a white shirt and a black tie, Wilder looked to have refreshed his fashion sense from his Premier League days at Sheffield United. However, his expansive and unusual style of football, which often sees the two outside central defenders overlapping their central midfielders, remains in place. While fascinating playing style guided the Blades to an impressive ninth placed finish in his first top-flight campaign, the rest of the division seemed to cotton on to their football at Bramall Lane, resulting in the side finishing bottom the following campaign and Wilder losing his job. But Wilder, as he has done since taking over the reins at Middlesbrough, proved he was not a one trick pony, as the Reds caused Tottenham so many problems. Unlike most teams outside the Premier League, Middlesbrough were not content with sitting off Conte’s side, and opted to take the game to Conte’s side at every attempt.