Ukrainian politicians have been sheltering from Russian attacks but bravely met in person at the Verkhovna Rada to vote through laws despite many being put on Russian "kill lists".  Footage shows a relatively full chamber with MPs dressed in a mix of casual clothes to army fatigues as they began singing the Ukrainian national anthem. Ukraine MPs have spoken about their willingness to fight and several have appeared on UK broadcasters brandishing their weapons as they stand against the Russian advance into the country.  The Ukrainian MPs met in the Verkhovna Rada located in Kyiv to pass crucial laws as Russian convoys move towards the capital. Many braved the journey to the parliament building and convened quickly to implement emergency powers. Politicians then began singing the Ukrainian national anthem. MPs sang “Shche ne vmerla Ukraina” which loosely translates into “Ukraine’s glory has not yet perished”. The lyrics in English include the lines: “We’ll lay down our souls and bodies to attain our freedom. “And we’ll show that we, brothers, are of the Cossack nation, we’ll stand together for freedom.” Ukrainian MPs voted to increase military spending. Ukrainian MP Lesia Vasylenko is one of many politicians who have vowed to pick up a weapon and fight the Russians and said it was a “matter of survival for all the women across Ukraine right now”.  MP Kira Rudyk has been speaking to the British press about the situation in Ukraine and told GB News that she was on “Putin’s kill list”. But the political leader shrugged off the news, joking she was also one of “Ukraine’s most eligible bachelorettes” and hoped the lists balanced each other out. Ms Rudyk also spoke to Express.co.uk before the conflict broke out and warned the war was not "far away" and that Ukraine was acting as a "shield" for the rest of Europe. The port city of Kherson in the Ukraine south was taken overnight by Russian forces with troops now moving onto Mariupol. Reports have suggested civilians are trapped there due to intense Russian bombing. Mariupol mayor Vadym Boichenko said the siege was similar to Leningrad in World War Two. DON'T MISS: Do you think Brexit contributed to the invasion of Ukraine? [POLL]Brave freedom fighters will never bow to Putin [COMMENT]Russia 'wants to erase Ukraine from history' [REPORT]  He said: "They are trying to create a blockade here, just like in Leningrad… “They couldn't find a way to break us. So now they are trying to prevent us from repairing electricity, water, and heating supply.” Train connections have been destroyed by Russian troops so civilians have been trapped there. Kyiv still remains in government control despite a Russian convoy moving towards the capital which has slowed down its advance. Refugees have fled to Poland and other nearby countries with an estimated one million Ukrainians already fleeing. 