Fans of the new ITV singing competition Starstruck hosted by Olly Murs saw a new set of tribute acts take to the stage to perform as Sir Elton John, Billie Eilish, John Legend and Kylie Minogue. Throughout the series, actor-turned-judge Sheridan Smith has shown her emotional side which has often led to tears. However, on Saturday night (March 6), after a group of John Legend tributes performed the popular hit All Of Me, the TV star began to weep and confessed she had “completely gone” during the live show.   Describing the group rendition as ‘spellbinding’, the musical theatre star then praised their storytelling ability. Sheridan gushed: "It’s one of my favourite songs, the lyric, 'All your curves and all your edges, all your perfect imperfections', it gets me every time. “And you just delivered it so well. "There were no gimmicks, no other stuff, it was just you guys and then the rose petals started [falling] and then I was completely gone!” READ MORE:The Last Kingdom season 5: Stiorra star on huge milestone  She continued: "I was completely transported away somewhere then, and you really got me. “That’s all that it’s about in a performance if you can get someone in the heart. “And you definitely just got me,” she finished. Performing as the Oscar-winning singer-songwriter was an ambulance dispatcher called Jason, youth worker Clinton-Elvis and choir member Gershom.  Besides Sheridan, the judging panel consisted of Adam Lambert, Beverley Knight and Jason Manford. Host Olly spoke to The Teacher star first after spotting her emotional response. After weeping, Sheridan chuckled: "My eyelashes are going to fall off! Later on in the programme, ITV audiences also saw another group take on the Australian pop star Kylie Minogue, which triggered fans to react on social media.   Viewers were far from impressed by the Kylie impersonators while some complained they looked more like Gillian McKeith and Carol Vorderman. Taking to Twitter, Rangerbev asked: "#Starstruck is that Carol Vorderman in the middle!"(sic) Rachelhopkins added: "I wasn’t getting Kylie from those makeovers at all, I was getting Sheridan Smith, Carol Vorderman and Gillian McKeith #Starstruck." "Nice to see @GillianMcKeith having a bash at her best @kylieminogue impression on @ITV Starstruck #Starstruck,” Laura Keceyapan wrote.   Despite the critics, the trio gave it their all, hopeful to take victory over the fellow competitors. Unfortunately, it wasn’t meant to be as Team Billie Eilish ended up winning the night, with receptionist Frankie bagging her spot in the final. Beverley had branded their performance “nuts” and told them their rendition was “seamless” claiming they “could have been one human being”. Starstruck airs on Saturday at on ITV at 8.30pm 