Kate Middleton and Prince William are currently on a Royal Caribbean tour. Yesterday, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge induldged in music and chocolate as they were shown around the Maya cacao farm in the coastal town of Hopkins. The royals were treated to a welcome dance following a tour of the village, and then both Kate and William took to the dance floor at Garifuna Cultural Centre, where they showcased their own moves. Fans thoroughly enjoyed seeing the couple relax and enjoy themselves, some even suggested Kate was “flirting” with William as she shimmied towards him. A fan with the username @RozanneReaction posted a video of Kate dancing surrounded by locals, with William standing on the sidelines watching on. The Duchess then slowly danced her way across to her husband before placing an arm around his waist. Both were beaming with happiness. The fan captioned the video with “Catherine is flrting with William!” READ MORE: Henry VIII: Key evidence on Anne Boleyn that ‘went unnoticed’ found She then replied to her own video with the comment: “Number 4 and 5 on the way!!!!” Referencing the possibility of the couple having another child or two. The clip gathered a lot of attention, Twitter user AmyB commented: “Almost seems like they’re on a second honeymoon.” Marisa said: “Such a cute playful pair,” and Nicole wrote: “Awww she is the cutest!! This video makes me so happy.” One tweet read: “The look of joy on his face! After 10 years of marriage and three kids! I love this!!” DON'T MISS...Harry and Meghan mocked over Oscars claim [REACTION]Inside Villa Antilles: Kate & William's holiday home in the Caribbean [PICTURES]How Royal Family pick their partners - body language [COMMENT] Many suggested Kate was hinting at Will to have another baby. One fan suggested: “She wants that fourth baby!” And Lisa echoed: “Still in mission of another baby Cambridge maybe.” Lori mentioned: “I would not be mad if there was another baby Cambridge. This couple is goals!” Zeinab added: “Wooh…we gonna get that baby at this rate #CarribeanBaby loading… (sic).” Royal fans' excitement over the rare public display of affection between the ryal couple comes after Kate confessed she felt “broody” on several recent visits. During a solo visit to Copenhagen's Children's Museum last month, Kate met two eight-month-old baby boys and their parents, she joked: 'It makes me very broody. “William always worries about me meeting under one-year-olds. I come home saying, ‘let's have another one.’” Days later during a joint visit to Wales, the Duke and Duchess met another group of mothers and babies. Kate, who was beaming, rubbed William's back and told him to “look at the lovely babies”. The couple have three children together; Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince Louis, three. Kate and William’s Caribbean tour takes place over a week, where they will visit Belize, Jamaica, and the Bahamas to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee.