Britons have commented that the EU has “lagged behind” the UK and the US in its response to the military incursion, as the UK has played an increasing role in the West’s reaction. It comes after Daniel Hannan claimed Remainers were suggesting that the UK’s withdrawal from the EU meant it “had lost all influence” on the world stage. Writing in the Sunday Telegraph, Lord Hannan said: “From the moment Russian armour crossed the border, irreconcilable Remainers declared Britain, by leaving the EU, had lost all influence and was rowing in pathetically behind the sanctions regime determined in Brussels.” He noted: “While Britain was sending missiles, Germany was blocking the transfer of military equipment across its territory by other NATO allies. “While Britain was pushing for across-the-board sanctions, EU states were carving out their special interests – luxury handbags for Italy, diamonds for Belgium.” Lord Hannan also said that Britain had been leading the way in financial sanctions against Russia. READ MORE: 'Russia is rattled!' Kremlin rocked by Boris Johnson's Ukraine support Furious britons have now responded to the claims. Commenting on Express.co.uk, one user said: “The UK has led from the start, the EU as usual has lagged behind, ham-fisted by its own enormous rule book. “Those amongst us who refuse to back their own country and recognise our achievements should hang their heads in shame.” Another, MamaSafi, argued: “This is showing [the] UK is still a part of NATO having left the EU. UK is still sitting at the top table in Europe discussing how best to resolve this crisis. “We may have left the EU but we haven’t left Europe.” And SanjayP commented: “That is the life of the remoaners now. Looking for excuses to whinge and wish that they had not lost in 2016. “Perhaps they should blame the EU for the UK's decision to leave. If the EU had been that great, we would not have wanted to leave.” However, UkssR said that the EU “has gone well beyond the UK in terms of its help” for Ukraine, noting that the bloc had, for the first time in its history, made funds available to send weaponry to another country. Another user, citing criticism that the UK had not clamped down on Russian investments, said: “It’s easy for Britain to lead the way. The only country with more Russian money would be Russia.” DON'T MISS Russian whistleblower warns Ukraine invasion will be a 'total failure' [INSIGHT] RAF fighter jets with deadly 'beast mode' ability land in UK [REVEAL] Britain will help EU and West away from Russian gas - New energy plan [REPORT] Boris Johnson has been praised by Ukrainian leaders for the UK’s support for the country. The UK was the first European nation to equip Ukraine with defensive weaponry in January this year, and has had a joint military strategy since 2015. The Prime Minister pushed hard for Russian banks to be removed from the SWIFT financial banking system, and told Ukrainian President Volodomyr Zelensky yesterday he was pushing for more to be taken off it. On Friday, Mr Zelensky said: “We are grateful for [Britain's] continued significant assistance in combating aggression.” Speaking on Sky News today, Petro Poroshenko, Ukraine’s former President, said that he had a “very positive experience for communication with Boris Johnson in his capacity as Foreign Secretary and […] as Prime Minister”. He added that Mr Johnson “was the leader for introducing the sanctions, to arrest the Russian assets, not just the assets in British banks”. Meanwhile, Dmytro Kuleba, Ukraine’s foreign minister, has maintained that the UK’s support for his country had remained “ironclad”. On the first day of the invasion, he said that Britain was working “very intensively” on both sanctions and the supply of military aid. He added: “The UK believes in Ukraine and our victory over the aggressor.”