A new April 11 “second round” deadline has emerged, meaning an unexpected delay in the £3bn process to take over Chelsea. But the west London club are still hopeful of having new owners in place by the end of the season. At the weekend, the Raine Group, the American brokers overseeing the sale, informed each of their four preferred bidders that they needed to be able to demonstrate they have at least £1bn of funds set aside in their proposals to invest in the club and the ground once the sale is complete. Because it is not a straightforward battle of 'highest bid wins', the groups need the chance to structure their bids in similar ways before Raine make their final judgment on which is the "best" offer. By setting a new deadline of April 11, the rival consortiums have the opportunity to rejig their bids to adjust the amount set aside for the upfront offer to meet this new stipulation and bring the proposals into line.  That falls just before the Champions League quarter-final second leg against Real Madrid but gives time still for Chelsea's future to be resolved with a fully-researched Owners and Directors test before the end of the domestic season. Recent adjustments to the special licence Chelsea have been given by the Government to keep operating despite Roman Abramovich being sanctioned permitted a further £30m of investment from the oligarch as well as the sale of tickets to help meet costs. These measures are considered sufficient to get the club in its current state through the whole ownership bid process.   Last week, Raine assessed proposals from all interested parties and reduced the competition to four groups. Two groups of American investors are the strong frontrunners: LA Dodgers co-owner Todd Boehly heads one group, while Josh Harris and Joel Blitzer are funding a group headed by Martin Broughton and Lord Coe. The Chicago Cubs-owning Ricketts family are still in the running despite concerns expressed at the historic racism of patriarch Joe Ricketts. And another backer from US sport, Boston Celtics owner Stephen Pagliuca, who also owns Atalanta in Serie A, emerged as a late contender to make it a four-way battle. 