Manchester United appear to be closing in on choosing their next manager with Erik ten Hag reportedly making a 'good impression' during a meeting with Old Trafford officials recently. A final decision is yet to be made, but the current Ajax boss appears to be the frontrunner. If Ten Hag does make the switch to Old Trafford, it will bring an end to his near five-year spell at Ajax where he's established himself as one of Europe's best coaches. Coming from the Eredivisie to the Premier League will be a completely different ball game and he would face a hectic summer transfer window at United this year. Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard and Edinson Cavani are all set to leave as free agents while the likes of Anthony Martial, Marcus Rashford and Cristiano Ronaldo face uncertain futures. Ten Hag has a promising record at Ajax and has largely been successful in the transfer market - with a few exceptions. One of Ten Hag's first signings as Ajax boss came in the summer of 2018 when Ajax beat a number of clubs to the signature of Dusan Tadic. Since then, the Serbia international has established himself as a top talent on the European stage. JUST IN: Hamilton and Alonso stopping Ricciardo from seeing 'red flag'  He's still performing at the highest level too having been named in the Europa League squad of the season last year and he's also played his part in an incredible 31 goals this campaign. A relatively unknown figure before his move to Ajax in 2019 for a sum in the region of £6m, the Argentine defender has gone on to establish himself as a regular under Ten Hag. Impressive displays in Europe, including keeping Erling Haaland quiet back in October, has now seen the likes of Barcelona express an interest in signing him. United's defensive unit will be a key part for their next manager to improve and Martinez has been pivotal to Ajax's impressive record of conceding just 13 league goals all season. DON'T MISS  Another player who has proven to be a bargain purchase for Ten Hag has been Haller, whose displays in the Champions League caught many by surprise. The 27-year-old scored an incredible 10 goals in the group stage, including a four-goal haul in a 5-1 win over Sporting Lisbon. That form has carried over into the league where he's found the net on 20 occasions to help push Ajax above PSV at the top of the table. Ajax pulled off a huge coup in signing Antony as Hakim Ziyech's replacement and the Brazilian has certainly lived up to expectations so far. Still just 22 years of age, Antony has begun to attract attention from clubs all over Europe for his talents and the Dutch club could land a huge profit if they decide to sell. A move which caused plenty of controversy last summer with Berghuis moving from Ajax's arch-rivals Feyenoord, but he's proven his weight in gold this campaign for Ten Hag. Another player who rose to the biggest occasion in the Champions League, he ended with three goals and two assists in Europe's elite competition. Signed for just £4m, Berghuis is further proof of Ten Hag's ability to get the most out of bargain buys.