   Former Olympic hockey player Sam Quek, 33, has just given birth to her second child with husband Tom Mairs. Sam became pregnant with baby number two just seven months after welcoming her young daughter Molly.      Sam, who was recently announced as a new host for the BBC's Morning Live, went into labour on Friday - just one day after she fronted the show alongside Gethin Jones. The star has shared the first snap of her new family member. The sweet picture is an adorable black and white photograph, featuring the family of four posing with their hands together. Speaking to OK! magazine, she said: "There are 4 of us now…" READ MORE: 'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown      Four days ago, Sam posted some pictures of her in the BBC Morning Live studio cradling her blossoming baby bump. Addressing her 197,000 Instagram followers she wrote: “39 weeks and still holding it in! “Last day for me and bump- on @BBCMorningLive tomorrow though!” Her fans and friends, who will be delighted to hear her latest update, flooded the comments section with supportive messages.       Girls Aloud star Kimberley Walsh wrote: “You’re amazing! What a bump,” while garden designer Mark Lane left three heart emojis. Sarah Mackenzie penned: “Best of luck! Looking gorgeous.” John Smith added: “Wishing you all the best Sam. You got this hun! Xxx.” While Hugh Terry joked: “Goodness me, that baby needs to get a move on I reckon. Best of luck Sam!” READ MORE... Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert [INSIGHT] Richard E Grant's 'heartbreaking' reaction to BAFTAs In Memoriam [UPDATE] Alex Scott goes underwear-free in risque gown with thigh-high split [LATEST]      The birth of Sam and Tom’s second baby comes less than two weeks after daughter Molly celebrated her first birthday. The star shared some adorable photographs of her daughter as she posed in a little crown next to some blocks that spelled out “one”. In the caption her proud mum wrote: “This time last year you changed our lives and continue to do so every single day. Happy 1st Birthday Molly. “May you always be smiling, loving and hungry as you are each and every day! We love you.”       Sam’s co-stars and celebrity pals sent in birthday messages to her little girl, including A Question of Sport’s Ugo Monye, who sent a heart emoji. Four time Olympics medallist Rebecca Adlington commented: “Aww happy 1st birthday Molly.” Sam’s Morning Live colleague Gethin Jones wrote: “Happy birthday Molly! X.” Strictly’s Graziano Di Prima also wished Molly a “happy birthday”, while Carol Vorderman wrote: “Happy Birthday little Miss Mairs xx.”   