The Repair Shop host Jay Blades and the experts were back on Tuesday as they tried to restore a number of their guest's beloved items. Amanda Middleditch and Julie Tatchell used their expertise to mend one guest's childhood bear, while Steve Fletcher attempted to repair an old wall clock. However, leather expert Suzie Fletcher admitted to being stumped when trying to restore one family's 100-year-old golf bag. Expert Dominic Chinea was also on hand because not only did the family want the golf bag repaired, but the golf clubs inside as well. Murray Winters, who arrived at the workshop with his two sons, explained the golf clubs originally belonged to his grandfather, who died in 1957 before he was born. Murray said his grandfather had two hobbies in life and that was gardening and playing golf. "When I was four, I found them in Nana's shed and the first reaction when I asked, 'Can I play with them?' was 'No, you can't,'" Murray recalled. READ MORE: New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air He continued: "They were very precious to my grandmother and when I was six or seven, I was then allowed to putt." Murray went on to explain when his grandmother passed away, the clubs were passed to his parents which is where they remained until his mother died. "To see it in this condition now must be hard," Dominic asked before Murray replied: "It is. "The clubs obviously had lovely coverings on at one point and the bag was intact but it isn't anymore and the leather when you look at it, is sad and tired." Before they began the restoration, Suzie admitted: "I am really looking forward to it, it's a first for me." As Dominic took the golf clubs away to repair, Suzie started to work on the 100-year-old bag. However, she quickly grew concerned about the bag staying intact as she began to wash it. "This has certainly had a life," she said as she inspected it. "The very first thing I need to do is clean up this canvas." DON'T MISS...Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [INSIGHT]Countryfile's Adam Henson airs concern for his farm after warning [VIDEO]Jane McDonald wants to ‘wash the last couple of years away’  [NEWS] "I have got a really mild detergent I use for this sort of job," the expert explained before she aired her fears. "I want to make sure there is no chance of causing any damage to this canvas because canvas over the years actually rots. "It would be a disaster if it all fell apart when I get it wet." As she started to gently clean the leather, Suzie went on to add it was going to take her a long time to do. When it came to the big reveal, the Winters family seemed speechless over the restoration as Murray simply replied: "Wow!" He continued: "The first thing has to be thank you because that is marvellous and I can guarantee those will get treasured and used." Suzie chipped in: "The [straps] are very cleverly designed, I learned a lot, it was great." Speaking afterwards, one of Murray's sons said: "You can tell a lot of work has gone into that, I was blown away by it." The Repair Shop airs weekdays at 3.45pm on BBC One.