Season 11 of Death in Paradise came to a dramatic end recently when the Saint Marie policing team were tasked with solving a murder that happened during a chess tournament. More mysteries unfolded as the island's detectives investigated the case, but fans will have to wait for the next season to air to get any answers. Ahead of the latest series airing, Marlon actor Tahj detailed his thoughts on an "uptight" BBC co-star who he hoped would loosen up in upcoming scenes.  Tahi joined the cast of the hit BBC show during the 10th anniversary season and soon become a key member of the team as Officer Marlon Pryce. When Death In Paradise viewers first came across Marlon, he was a common thief, stealing on the streets of Saint Marie. Sergeant JP Hooper (played by Tobi Bakare) took him on as a new police recruit and since then, has worked hard alongside the rest of the team. He was no longer the island newbie when season 11 aired and the actor recently spoke out over his newest co-star.  READ MORE: Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv?  Shantol Jackson is one of the newest cast members on Death In Paradise and was introduced as Naomi Thomas in the latest series. The ambitious young sergeant took over from JP Hooper (Tobi Bakare), who left in season 10. Speaking about his character's first impressions of her, Tahj revealed: "I think Naomi reminds Marlon of JP. "She’s very serious about the job, cares a lot about her work and doesn’t want to get anything wrong.    "She can be a bit uptight which is why I think he takes that responsibility to try and loosen her up a bit. "But he understands that she really wants a partner that’s going to be responsible, do the job properly and not cause any havoc." The two characters worked very closely together throughout the series and there has been speculation they may become an item. Opening up on the possibility to Hello! Tahj explained: "I don't know! I think Marlon's a bit of a cheeky chappy and has a bit of charm, so it is a possibility for any female character, there could something there with Marlon because he's so cheeky… But in the work environment, I don't think he'll go there.  DON'T MISS...Ralf Little opens up on 'difficult decision' over disappointing news [INTERVIEW]Death in Paradise's Neville betrays the Commissioner after romance [LATEST]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart [UPDATE]  "He wouldn't push any boundaries that might jeopardise this new job he literally just got and kept him out of jail. "I feel like in the work environment he'll keep it professional. But outside of the office, who knows." Death in Paradise viewers have an agonising 10-month wait until the next season lands on BBC One. During the dramatic season 11 finale, journalist Maggie Harper (Orla Brady) interviewed chess grandmaster Julius Rotfeld (David Sibley) ahead of his next tournament.   As the competition got underway Julius, who was playing against Lucas Magnussen (Anders Hayward), suddenly collapsed after struggling to breathe. Detective Neville Parker (Ralf Little) soon discovered he had been poisoned. Neville later discovered Maurice Holburne (Paul Brown) was responsible for the murder of Julius as part of a revenge plot. Death in Paradise season 11 can be streamed on BBC iPlayer. 