International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan and the US's Trade Representative Katherine Tai will meet in Baltimore on March 21 and 22 for discussions. They will discuss how to deepen bilateral trade between two allies. "I am excited to join Ambassador Tai in Baltimore to kick-start these important conversations on the future of UK-US trade," Secretary of State Trevelyan said. "I look forward to welcoming Ambassador Tai to the UK later this Spring, where we will continue our discussions on how the UK and US work can use trade intelligently in the modern global economy. "Trade is central to the UK’s Levelling Up Agenda and how we will deepen UK-US trade links in a way that benefits communities across the United Kingdom." Trade between the UK and US is already worth £200billion. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG  A further deepening of ties in areas such as digital, green trade and supporting small and medium size businesses will help boost Prime Minsiter Boris Johnson's Global Britain agenda now the UK has left the EU. Mrs Trevelyan added: "The US is our biggest trading partner. Our thriving relationship already delivers so much for our economies, businesses and people. "Now, more than ever, we recognise the power of deepening trade ties with likeminded allies around the world. "This new UK-US dialogue is a symbol of our ambition to work even closer with businesses and workers to promote innovation, inclusive economic growth and support jobs on both sides of the Atlantic. "These events are a huge opportunity to make it even easier, quicker and more cost-effective to do trans-Atlantic trade, but also to tackle the most pressing challenges we face like congested supply chains and climate change." The UK has been eager to start negotiations on a US trade deal ever since President Biden took office in January 2021. DON'T MISS:UK still sending BILLIONS to EU! Brexit betrayal as Britain bled dry [INSIGHT]Jacob Rees-Mogg bats down Verhofstadt desire to see UK rejoin EU [REACTION]We have perfect opportunity to deal with dithering EU [COMMENT]  While he has so far refused to authorise the start of negotiations, the opening of the transatlantic trade dialogue will help increase trade between the two close partners. Mr Biden has told the Prime Minister a full free trade agreement cannot be done until the UK drops its rhetoric on the Northern Ireland Protocol. Taking the EU's side, the White House has criticsed Britain for threatening to trigger Article 16 to legally suspend the mechanism if it is not renegotiated by Brussels. The US President says the Protocol must be implemented in full to protect the Good Friday Agreement.  Despite the warnings from the US, last June at the G7 summit in Cornwall, Mr Biden and Mr Johnson agreed to forge a new "Atlantic Charter", setting out how the two countries could work closer togehter. The trade discussions taking place in the weeks ahead will form an important part of that. Ambassador Tai said: "The United Kingdom is one of our oldest and most trusted allies, and our partnership is rooted in shared values and priorities. "These Dialogues will provide an opportunity to engage our stakeholders to help inform how an inclusive trade policy can promote equitable economic growth and prosperity for our two countries." 