Putin’s “special military operation” in Ukraine has upended the established order of international relations, both strengthening alliances and deepening rivalries. Turkey’s president Recep Tayyip Erdogan is caught in the middle of this chaos, with strong economic ties to both Russia and Ukraine and mounting pressure to choose one of them. Distinguished research fellow at the US National Defense University’s Institute for National Strategic Studies Jeffrey Mankoff, writing for magazine Foreign Policy, argued that Mr Erdogan is forced into some “hard choices” by the war - but should feel encouraged to side with NATO. Russia and Turkey, argues Mr Mankoff, have long had a fraught relationship - and now Mr Erdogan is trying to support Ukraine without losing his connections with Russia entirely. For centuries, a huge area covering the Balkans, the Caucasus, the Black Sea and Central Asia has been a sometimes-violent battleground between “rivals” Russia and Turkey. Mr Mankoff states that being vulnerable to the Russian military throughout these regions has prompted Turkey to seek security from NATO during the Cold War. However, he adds that when the “international environment has been less threatening, Turkey has looked to Russia (and the Soviet Union) for economic opportunities and as a partner for boosting its own strategic autonomy.” Turkey, like much of Europe, came to rely on Russia for their natural gas - at one point getting the majority of its energy from Putin. They also signed a deal with Russia’s state-owned Rosatom to build Turkey’s first nuclear power plant at Akkuyu. But Ukraine is also very important to Turkey. The two countries have been ramping up trading since Ukraine’s 2013-2014 Revolution of Dignity. Their trade deal reached $7.4billion (£5.7billion) in 2021, while a free trade agreement was reached just the day before Russia invaded Ukraine. These friendly relations have extended to military assistance, too. Mr Monkaff lists the Bayraktar TB2 armed drones that Turkey has sent to Ukraine as a significant piece of shared military hardware. READ MORE: Russian tactical blunder: Moment Putin's attack convoy blown to pieces [INSIGHT] These drones have been reported to inflict significant casualties on Russian-backed forces in Libya and the Donbass. Erdogan and Zelensky also agreed last month to set up a factory together to produce drones inside Ukraine. Turkey has, then, largely landed on the side of Ukraine during the war - but only tentatively. On the first day of the invasion, Mr Erdogan described the attack as “unacceptable”, and “contrary to international law”. Turkey has also insisted it will never recognize the annexation of Crimea. However, Mr Mankoff writes: “many Turkish statements during the first week or so of the conflict lacked the moral clarity of those from its Western counterparts, instead calling on both Russia and Ukraine to find a diplomatic solution. “The worse the conflict grows, the less room for manoeuvre Erdogan will have.” Turkey has since supplied humanitarian assistance and military equipment to Ukraine. However, as it is not part of the EU, Turkey has no requirement to follow its sanctions, and has given no indication that it would close its airspace to Russian planes. Mr Mankoff concludes by arguing that the clear message and unity of NATO should ultimately appeal to Turkey, especially given uncertainty around the war. However, it is not clear what path Mr Erdogan will choose to take.