Laurel (played by Charlotte Bellamy) has recently broken up with her ex-boyfriend, Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson), on Emmerdale after she discovered he had taken out a significant loan in her name to manage his debts. Following the split, she has been doing her best to distract herself and has thrown herself into work to not think about the devastation her former lover caused her. During Monday's episode of the ITV soap, she had a candid conversation with Marlon (Mark Charnock) about their relationship, which came to an end eight years ago. Although he was set to marry Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry) before he had his stroke, he could be reunited with Laurel if she steps in to help with his care given how she looked after Ashley Thomas (John Middleton) when he was diagnosed with dementia. The most recent episode of the village-based drama began with Marlon doubting whether he could actually propose to Rhona, unaware she was also planning on popping the question to him. Worrying about the state of his previous marriages, having tied the knot four times previously, the Woolpack chef sought some advice from Laurel. "I was planning on proposing to Rhona today," he told his ex-wife after she wished him a happy birthday, with Laurel delighted by the news. Disheartened by the prospect of another marriage not working out, he remarked: "You could set up a support group. You don't have to say it, I know I'm a joke. "She'll see I'm not exactly a safe bet," he continued to which his former lover told him: "For someone so bright, you're very silly." READ MORE: Matt Lucas and David Walliams blasted for ‘outdated’ Comic Relief skit "I have never once regretted marrying you," Laurel declared as she tried to boost his spirits, adding she was sure his other wives would feel the same. "I mean, yes, life got it in the way but that's just the way it is. You're like the definition of optimism," she continued. After Marlon labelled himself the hapless romantic, Laurel added: "You're always leaning forwards, always looking for your happy ever after. "No matter what losses you've had. I find that really inspiring," she told the chef, to which he remarked it was a "crazy" thought she was having. "No, it's not crazy," the mother of three replied. Marlon said: "I just don't think I can handle another failed marriage, Laurel," and realising the chef was still down in the dumps, his ex-wife offered him some more advice. "Don't think of them as failures. They all brought something into your life. Think of it as practice for the fifth and the final," she added. "You've got to live your life, Marlon as if it's your last day. I mean, what else can we do?" she commented, making reference inadvertently to the stroke he was about to have. With a much-needed pep talk complete, Marlon mustered up the courage to ask Rhona to be his fifth wife, which she accepted without any hesitation. By the end of the episode, the atmosphere was very different and the celebration turned to worry and panic when April Windsor (Amelia Flanagan) found her father collapsed on the floor at home. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Mark Charnock discusses challenges of portraying a stroke [COMMENT]Natalie J Robb health: Emmerdale star's drastic health change [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Charley Webb sparks frenzy with reunion with co-stars [COMMENT] Marlon was rushed to the hospital and Rhona was told he was going to have to have an operation to remove the clot which caused the stroke. With the impact of the stroke affecting one side of his body and his communication, Marlon's partner was told this was going to lead to a huge change in his life. It's been reported the beloved character is now going to go through months if not years of rehabilitation to try and get his life back to normal. Rhona and her mother, Mary Goskirk (Louise Jameson), are going to play a big part in helping with his recovery alongside his best friend, Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt). However, further on down the line, Laurel could crop into the picture, given how much she clearly still cares for her ex-husband. Having gone through a similar process with Ashley and having cared for the former vicar before his death, Laurel could be a huge source of support to Rhona. As the vet tries to manage being a mother and holding down her job, she could rely on Laurel more to help take care of Marlon. With the husband and wife possibly spending more time together, a new theory by Express.co.uk suggests this could lead to them developing feelings for one another again. Although Marlon will be nowhere near in the position to act on his feelings, he could recognise everything his ex-wife has been doing for him. Knowing she is the one he wants to be with, will Marlon end things with Rhona so he can live out the rest of his life with Laurel? Rhona would be heartbroken as she really thought Marlon was the one but she would know how much Laurel also cares for him. It would be hard for the vet to move on as she was willing to give up everything to care for him following his stroke. With the possibility of Marlon and Laurel's romance being back on the cards, the chef could decide life is too short not to act on his feelings. Therefore, could the former lovers end up renewing their vows as they commit themselves to each other all over again? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.