Tottenham have suffered a huge blow to their attempts to sign Paulo Dybala in the summer transfer window. The striker will see his Juventus contract expire at the end of the season, and is expected to leave. Juventus contract rebel Dybala has reportedly made up his mind on his preferred destination this summer. Tottenham are desperate to bring him in over the transfer window but they will have some convincing to do. The Argentine will see his terms in Turin expire at the end of the season after failed negotiations last week with Juve chiefs. The Italian giants had offered Dybala an even lower deal than the one that they originally planned at the beginning of the campaign. After the arrival of Dusan Vlahovic, Juventus are confident that they have the right forward to see them progress. While the Serbian's transfer also ate up a hefty chunk of the club's transfer budget. It means that Dybala, who was known as 'The Jewel' at Juventus, will see his seven-year stint with the Bianconeri come to an end. And for Tottenham, it will finally give them the chance to sign the striker. Spurs tried to sign the 28-year-old in 2019 and were close to agreeing a blockbuster transfer only for a hitch over image rights. While they may go for his signature once again, they have met a new problem. According to Mundo Deportivo, Dybala already has an ideal first option in mind when it comes to picking a new club. It has been reported that he would prefer a move to Atletico Madrid over everywhere else. Diego Simeone has had joy using a 'second striker', the position that Dybala had made his own at Juventus before their change in tactics saw Vlahovic become the main man. Antoine Griezmann was a huge success in his first spell at Atletico Madrid and the Argentina international can be utilised as a direct replacement. Atletico have had a difficult campaign this year as they look to defend their La Liga crown. They sit fourth in the table and Simeone has come under pressure but the arrival of Dybala could fire them back to the top. But that would leave Tottenham empty-handed despite Fabio Paratici knowing the former Palmero star well. It was him that took him from Sicily to Turin when he was working with Juventus.