Four private Russian-flagged jets took off from Moscow Vnukovo airport between 10.30am local time this morning and 11am. It follows claims at the start of the month that Putin had sent his family to a secret bunker in Siberia.  It is unknown why the jets all flew out of Russia at the same time, or who was on them. Some of the aircraft are owned by private jet companies, while the others are owned privately. Russian aircraft registration does not say who owns such planes, nor is it clear who was on the planes. However, many Russian oligarchs have been the subject of Western sanctions since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, with many assets in the UK and EU being frozen.  READ MORE: New warning to West and the oligarch 'scum traitors' The sanctions have been seen as a means of getting wealthy and influential Russian businessmen to indirectly influence Putin to end the war. But several oligarchs have opted to stay out of Russia since the invasion, and have claimed they have no influence over the Russian President. In an interview with Bloomberg this week, Ukrainian-born oligarch Mikhail Fridman said that he, like others, had no influence over Putin. On the day of the invasion, he said, he was in Moscow on business, but quickly returned to the UK, where he is now staying.  Putin has sought to keep oligarchs out of Russian politics. When he rose to power in 2000, he forged a new deal whereby businessmen would be able to continue to conduct business in Russia if they stay out of the political sphere. On Wednesday, Putin made a televised address in which he reportedly laid into the oligarchs, calling them a “fifth column”. According to one translation, he warned the West would use “those who earn their money here, but live over there” to “divide our society”.  DON'T MISSP&O's sacked staff refusing to leave ferry [REPORT]NHS Trust under fire for 'speak English only' instructions to staff [INSIGHT]Putin invasion in tatters as Russian tanks decimated [ANALYSIS] He added: “I do not judge those with villas in Miami or the French Riviera. Or who can't get by without oysters or foie gras or so-called ‘gender freedoms’. “The problem is they mentally exist there, and not here, with our people, with Russia. “The West will try to bet on the so-called fifth column, on traitors [...] to divide our society […] to provoke civil confrontation.” Putin claimed that there was only “one aim” to such intentions, which was “the destruction of Russia.”  At the beginning of March, a Russian professor claimed that Putin had moved his family to an underground bunker in Siberia. Valery Solovey, a political scientist and former professor at the Moscow State Institute of International Relations, said the bunker was located in the Altai mountains and was designed for a nuclear attack.  He added: “In fact, it is not a bunker, but a whole underground city, equipped with the latest science and technology.” It is believed Mr Solovey was referring to a massive conurbation said to be built by state-owned energy company Gazprom. 