Detectives were given an extra 12 hours to hold a man in connection with the deaths of Valerie and Clive Warrington. Their bodies were found at separate addresses in Gloucestershire on Wednesday. Both were stabbed. Officers first found the body of Mr Warrington, 67, after being called to reports of a serious assault at his flat in Cheltenham at 6.25am. The discovery prompted fears for the safety of his former wifeValerie, 73. Police raced to her home in the village of Bourton-on-the-Water, about 15 miles from Cheltenham, where they discovered her body. Gloucestershire officers are formally linking the two killings. A man from Cheltenham was arrested on suspicion of murder near the scene of MrWarrington's death. The force confirmed the victims and suspect knew each other and are not seeking anyone else in connection with the double tragedy. Mr and Mrs Warrington are believed to have two sons and a daughter. In a statement, the family said yesterday: "We are devastated by the sudden and tragic loss of our parents. We thank everyone for their messages of love and support, which are of great comfort to us." Cordons were set up at both murder scenes. Without going into details, Superintendent Roddy Gosden described aspects of the double murder as "challenging". He added: "Officers will be in the local communities to provide reassurance. We would encourage anyone with concerns to speak to us." The couple ran a consultancy but it was dissolved 17 months ago and it is understood the marital home was sold recently. Mrs Warrington also had two sons from a previous marriage. Friends paid tributes to the victims and spoke of their horror at the killings. Surgeon Charlie Chan, who worked with Mrs Warrington at Cheltenham General Hospital, said: "I am heartbroken. Val was my PA for 13 years and we shared lots of happy times. Clive did work on our house and I watched their kids grow up. What has the world come to?" Anyone with information, dashcam or CCTV footage, is urged to contact police on 101, quoting incident 57 on March 2.