 Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle stepped down from their roles as working royals in 2020. As part of their exit, it was agreed that they would no longer officially use their HRH titles, nor would they officially represent the Queen. The Sussexes also lost their taxpayer-funded UK police protection.  In their now famous Oprah Winfrey interview, the Duke of Sussex revealed that he and the Duchess fund their own security in the US. He told Oprah that all he needed "was enough money to be able to pay for security to keep my family safe". In September 2021, Harry filed a claim for a judicial review over a Home Office decision that has prevented him from personally paying for Metropolitan Police protection after his lawyers said he was unable to return home with his family safely. While the Duke himself has not yet given word as to when he will return to the UK, some royal experts believe he is likely to come back for the late Prince Philip’s Service of Thanksgiving later this month. Russell Myers, the Daily Mirror’s royal editor and Ian Vogler, the publication’s royal photographer, recently spoke about Harry’s potential return on an episode of Pod Save The Queen.  JUST IN: Royal Family LIVE: 'Disturbing' Meghan Markle fumes at 'absurd' lawsuit from half-sister Of Harry, Mr Myers said: “He’s put himself into a difficult position to be honest because of the court case which is ongoing against the British Government, claiming that he can’t come back to the UK or bring his family because it’s too dangerous. “The fact that he had his security stripped away from him by the Home Office is obviously an ongoing issue. “I think if it was something like the Duke of Edinburgh’s Thanksgiving Service, that probably does change it somewhat because, as the Home Office has said, he would be offered special protected persons category and they would give him the appropriate support and protection.” Mr Vogler added: “We’re heading into the Invictus Games in April as well so I’m sure we’re going to see Harry, either at that service… “He’s got to come for that [Prince Philip’s Memorial Service] surely. “I think people looking to spot Harry, I think there’s going to be some sightings.” “I’m sure he’ll come for the memorial event.”  Harry’s legal representatives claim he “inherited a security risk at birth, for life” which necessitated the need for such security measures. They said: “In absence of such protection, Prince Harry and his family are unable to return home.” Harry has been back to the UK twice since he left the Firm, neither visit including Meghan or their children, Archie and Lilibet.  DON’T MISS'Always hard to get Mia to go' Mike Tindall opens up on struggle daughter 'doesn't like' [LATEST]Prince William’s friends had ‘a problem’ with Kate: ‘Social divide created tensions’  [INSIGHT]Meghan & Harry’s subtle ‘physical clues’ to 'show fans their marriage is strong' unveiled [ANALYSIS]  Last month, a court heard that the Duke does not “feel safe” in Britain without police protection. He was present for Philip’s funeral last year, after the Duke of Edinburgh sadly passed away aged 99. His funeral arrangements were stripped back compared to other royal departures due to the coronavirus pandemic. Only a small guest list was permitted at the service, and the Queen, due to COVID-19 restrictions at the time, had to sit by herself during the service. Restrictions have since been completely lifted, and Philip’s A Service of Thanksgiving will go ahead as normal on March 29.  Announcing the event, a statement read: "The Queen has agreed that a Service of Thanksgiving for the life of His Royal Highness The Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh will take place in the spring of 2022 at Westminster Abbey." The congregation will include family, friends, dignitaries and representatives of the many charities and organisations the Duke of Edinburgh was associated with. Her Majesty will be joined by Charles and Camilla and other senior royals at the special service of thanksgiving.