Kate has proven to be a hands-on mum even while thousands of miles away from her beloved children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Royal sources have claimed the Duchess of Cambridge was hit by the jet lag following an almost 12-hour long trip from the UK to Belize. And, they said, Kate found herself spending some of her sleepless nights organising her children's appointments, sleeping schedules and playdates through WhatsApp messages sent at 4am, Belize time. The scheduling handled by the Duchess ranged from Prince George's football matches to Princess Charlotte's ballet lessons. The third-in-line to the throne is widely known to be a football fan and, according to royal commentator Katie Nicholl, is also a "very good player". In 2020, the expert claimed the eight-year-old plays "for a local team" during term time. Last month, Kate also said during an engagement at Twickenham Stadium her son is learning how to play rugby at Thomas's Battersea. On the other hand, it was first reported in 2018 Princess Charlotte is taking private weekly ballet lessons. George, Charlotte and Louis are believed to be in the capable hands of their trusted nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo while their parents are abroad. The nanny, who studied at the prestigious Norland College in Bath, has been an employee of the Cambridges since Prince George was eight-month-old, in 2014. READ MORE: Prince William's heartbreaking promise to Diana left her in tears The Cambridges, however, can also count on the support of Kate's parents - Michael and Carole Middleton. The Middletons are known to be very close to their grandchildren and in the past Carole spoke about some of the activities, including gardening, she likes to carry out with them. Kate and Prince William are reportedly careful when it comes to the planning of their tours so that their work can fit in with their children's schedule. The pair is believed to have left the UK after tucking in their children. And by ending the tour today, the Duke and Duchess will be able to celebrate Mother's Day with George, Charlotte and Louis. In October 2019, as the Cambridges undertook a tour of Pakistan, Kate and William reportedly planned their departure so that they could still see their children off to school. Prince William and Kate are carrying out their last day of engagement in The Bahamas today. The pair are scheduled to visit the island of Abaco, hit in 2019 by the devastating Hurricane Dorian. On the island, the royals are to carry out engagements focused on hurricane recovery and coral reef recovery. This comes hours after Prince William delivered a key speech during the reception hosted by the Bahamas' Governor-General. His speech was reportedly changed last minute to address the issue of republicanism and the possibility Jamaica, Belize and the Bahamas will one day no longer want a British monarch as their head of state. He said: "Next year, I know you are all looking forward to celebrating 50 years of independence - your Golden Anniversary. "And with Jamaica celebrating 60 years of independence this year, and Belize celebrating 40 years of independence last year, I want to say this: We support with pride and respect your decisions about your future. "Relationships evolve. Friendship endures." The speech also included lighter topics, including a mention to the Platinum Jubilee regatta held earlier that day - which he won. He said: "As for the race result? Discretion is the better part of valour. "Particularly if you have won, and your wife has come last."