New data showcased 30.2 percent of care sector jobs in England paid below the real Living Wage, the highest percentage in the UK. The real Living Wage, unlike the National Living Wage, is a voluntary wage that takes into account regional cost differences and the actual price of living. The real Living Wage is currently £9.90 in the UK based on the costs of household goods and services. Citizens UK leader, previous care worker and current care recipient, Sherrie, commented:  “It’s simply not right that care workers in the UK are caring for others but are unable to care for themselves. “I’ve seen care workers’ children go without necessities like new school shoes because their parents cannot afford it.” She reinforced that a real living wage is desperately needed for care workers and the hopes that the new Health and Social Care levy will be “reflected in wages”.  She added: “The Welsh, Scottish and Northern Irish governments are all taking heed of this crisis – why are English care workers being left behind?” The number of workers in the care sector continues to dwindle, with the government announcing at the end of last year that care workers would be added to the Home Office’s Shortage Occupation List. Brett, a care worker who left the industry, despite his passion for the career, said: “I can’t do my job if I’m not able to live off my wage”. He added: “I can hardly afford to fill my fridge with groceries, and my mental health is strained due to the long hours and money stresses.    “The care situation in this country is dire, and I know of other care workers who have also left the industry because of low pay. People want to care for others, but how can we do that when the wages we earn mean we can hardly take care of ourselves?” Preston senior care work and Citizens UK leader Jessie noted she had the same passion as Brett, with caring giving her “a sense of purpose” which is why she has endured in her role instead of going to university but is now able to study and work at the same time. She added: “I know how out of reach this is for most people in the care industry. “Low pay makes it so difficult to get qualifications, but then you aren't taken seriously without them. That, coupled with ridiculously long hours, leaves care workers feeling they have no choice, with many choosing to leave the sector. It's not right – and a real Living Wage would help break this cycle." Unlike the National Minimum Wage and National Living Wage, the real living wage is voluntary and has a £11.05 rate for London workers due to the increased cost of living in the area. Recent analysis of the Annual Survey of Hours and Earnings revealed 30.02 of jobs in England’s care sector are paid below the real Living Wage. Wales was found to only have 25.4 percent of jobs below this amount and Scotland settling in with just 10.3 percent, a large disparity when compared to England data. In April, the Welsh government will be giving the Welsh local authorities and Health Boards £43million to help implement the real Living Wage across the care industry. This has already been provided in Scotland and Northern Ireland plans to make it compulsory for companies delivering services for the Government to pay contract staff the real Living Wage. In comparison, it’s quite clear that English care workers are being left behind despite the current cost of living crisis. On Wednesday March 30, 200 community leaders from Citizens UK alliances, which will include care workers and recipients, are holding a tea party in Parliament Square and calling on MPs to back a real Living Wage for care workers. Campaigners are highlighting that the Government will not be able to succeed in their levelling-up agenda without addressing the wage inequality in the care industry. This tea party falls two days before the new Health and Social Care levy is set to be implemented through the National Insurance rate rise. Due to the demographics of care workers, this age disparity disproportionately affects certain societal groups as four out of five care workers are women, one out of five are of ethnic minorities and the same percentage are single parents. Express.co.uk has contacted DHSC asking for comment.