Jadon Sancho has revealed that committing opposition players and freeing up space for his Manchester United team-mates are the two main strengths to his game. However, with the Red Devils in disarray, the club may need to sign some support for their star winger this summer. Despite a slow start to his Old Trafford career following a £73million move from Borussia Dortmund last summer, Sancho has been one of United's very few shining lights in recent weeks. The 21-year-old was on the scoresheet against former employers Manchester City on Sunday as United suffered a humiliating 4-1 defeat to their fierce city rivals. The strike was Sancho's latest contribution to United's cause in recent weeks having scored against Southampton in the Premier League and Middlesborough in the club's damaging FA Cup defeat. The winger also laid on two more against Leeds at Elland Road in addition to scooping the club's Player of the Month award for February. JUST IN: Premier League cuts ties with Russian broadcaster and pays Ukraine Speaking after his recent individual success, Sancho shed light on the strongest aspects of his game. He explained to United's club wesbite: “I feel my best strength is probably drawing one or two players towards me to then free up space for my team-mates and then to release the ball. “Committing my players is my strong point and obviously one-v-ones is another aspect.” While Sancho has played his part for United in recent weeks, the overwhelming consensus is that his team-mates have let him down. READ MORE: Newcastle ace Trippier shuts down Jordan with response to money jibe United's dismal weekend defeat to City, coupled with Arsenal's success over Watford, has left the Red Devils down in fifth, a point adrift of the Gunners having played three games more. Ralf Rangnick's side are in real danger of missing out on a top-four Premier League finish this campaign and subsequently securing a qualification spot for next season's Champions League. Given United's woes and the impending appointment of a new manager, a squad overhaul is expected for the summer, and new signings will surely be required, for Sancho's sake at the least. The England star has lacked support at times this season and is a player who could benefit from an arrival more on his wave-length.  At 21, it is thought United will look to build a team for the future around the attacker. Sancho's close relationship with Marcus Rashford has been well-documented in recent years and United fans harboured high hopes that the pair would form a promising link-up. However, the latter is reportedly seriously reconsidering his future having fallen down the pecking order and found minutes increasingly hard to come by. There also remains question marks surrounding the future of Sancho's fellow forward Cristiano Ronaldo, who has been linked with a move away, amid criticism that he isn't suitable for United's current team. 