WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Peaky Blinders season six, episode two. Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) and his wife Lizzie (Natasha O’Keeffe) believed their daughter Ruby was on the mend at the start of the second instalment. However, as Tommy’s own health began to deteriorate, so did Ruby’s and Lizzie was left shaken when she heard her daughter talking to the “grey man”. But who is the grey man? Lizzie walked into a room to find Ruby sitting on a wooden chair in front of the fire holding onto the black madonna around her neck. “Ruby, what are you doing love?” she asked, with the young girl replying: “I can hear voices coming from up the chimney.” Lizzie looked up at the fire as she questioned: “What voices?” Not looking away from the chimney, Ruby stated: “The grey man.” READ MORE: Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series 'No-brainer' Concerned for her daughter’s wellbeing, Lizzie touched her forehead to find she was burning up. She quickly called the doctor before trying to contact Tommy and beg him to return home. As Tommy was in parliament, she couldn’t get through to him and Ruby was seen getting worse. The young girl coughed up blood, which left Lizzie terrified and the daughter concerned about what they were dealing with. Eventually, a message got to Tommy about Ruby falling sick but when he read it, he began to hallucinate once more. Standing in a lift he could hear Lizzie’s voice saying “tickna mora, o’beng, o’beng,” over and over. When he stepped into his office, he began to see an enemy soldier from his time digging tunnels under enemy lines in the war. Ruby told her mother: “Can you stop the voices? It’s the grey man. He said he’s coming for me and he’s coming for Daddy as well.” DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders set goes up in flames as firefighters tackle blaze [LATEST]Peaky Blinders' Joe Cole on thing BBC role left him unable to do [INSIGHT]Finn Cole age: How old is the Peaky Blinders star? [EXPLAINER] At present, the grey man could be the soldier Tommy keeps hallucinating about as he worries about Ruby. Tommy can be seen fighting with the soldier on several occasions in the episode; once when he is running a bath and has a seizure, the second when he is in his office. The man’s face is covered in mud and dust, which could lead to Ruby believing he is the “grey man”. Could it be Tommy believes he should have died in the war but managed to escape death and now it has caught up with him? “A grey man” also often refers to someone who goes unnoticed, blends in or goes undercover. Could there be an imminent threat to Tommy and the Shelby family and could Ruby’s vision be a warning someone inside the business is working against them? The end of the episode saw Tommy call Esme Shelby Lee (Aimee-Ffion Edwards), who was last seen in season four after her husband John (Joe Cole) was killed. Will Esme return to shed some light on the visions Ruby has been having? If so, fans will have to wait another week to find out what it all means. Peaky Blinders continues Sunday on BBC One at 9pm.