Mr Sunak said the cut was equivalent to £5billion of aid to the UKs motorists and rather than lasting until August as predicted will stand in place until March next year. He has been under huge pressure to act as the cost of living soars and inflation climbs above eight percent in the UK. Petrol and diesel are at historic highs and many fear that the 5p per litre cut is merely a drop in the ocean. Speaking in his statement today, Rishi said: "I'm going to help motorists. Today I can announce, for only the second time in 20 years, fuel duty will be cut. "Not by one, not even by two, but by 5p per litre. The biggest cut to all fuel duty rates ever. "While some have called for the cut to last until August, I have decided it will be in place until March next year - a full 12 months." He added: "It will take effect from 6pm tonight." Drivers in the UK currently pay 57.95p a litre on fuel, one of the highest levels of tax in the world. More than 50 percent of the cost of petrol in the UK is made up of fuel duty and VAT. Torsten Bell, Director of the Resolution Foundation which protects living standards told BBC Radio 4’s Today Programme: "I think a fuel duty cut is now almost inevitable. We’ve seen prices at the pump go up by 40p over the last year." While the Shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves warned: “Even a 5p reduction in fuel duty will only reduce filling up the car with petrol by £2, so I don't think that really rises to the scale of the challenge we face at the moment." READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ Any cut in the duty made today is likely to be temporary and comes as the Chancellor is resisting calls to scrap a rise in National insurance contributions next month. Former cabinet minister Sir John Redwood said: “Taking a bit off petrol and diesel is fine and welcome, but if that’s all there is it will be too little, too late. “We are facing a very big cost of living squeeze – perhaps the biggest of our lifetimes – and we need to be cutting taxes now to relieve that pressure. “The Chancellor needs to back off all the tax rises he was planning – the national insurance rise should not go ahead, we should cut VAT on fuel, and we should cut it on energy saving products like insulation too.” Regarding the soaring cost of living in the UK, Martin Lewis told the BBC: “I’ve been a money saving expert since 2000. I’ve been through the financial crash, I’ve been through Covid. “Where we are right now, this is the worst. “There is absolute panic and it has not started yet. “(And) The big drive here is fuel and energy prices.” Oil prices are currently at over $100 (£75) per barrel as the war in Ukraine continues to raise fears over supply. On Monday the average cost of petrol in the UK stood at 166.62p per litre, a historic high. Diesel was even more expensive at 178.9p per litre and comes as the Government is restricting the use of rebated diesels from next month. Drivers and organisations from industries which use ‘red diesel’ to delay the restrictions, fearing that some companies may go out of business due to the higher costs. Mr Sunak told the BBC at the weekend: "I wish (that) Government could solve absolutely every problem and that I could fully protect people against all the challenges that lie ahead. "I can't do that, but what I would say is, I will stand by them in the same way that I have done in the past couple of years." “Obviously I can’t comment on specific things. “But what I would say, I understand that...I have a rural constituency, people are incredibly reliant on their cars and this is one of the biggest bills that people face, watching it go up. “We’re all seeing that, when we’re filling up our cars. I get that, that’s why we’ve frozen fuel duty already.”