In the latest round of sanctions on Vladimir Putin's super-rich cronies, the Chelsea Football Club owner was accused of being "complicit" in Russian aggression and told he has "no place" in the UK. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said the multi-billionaire and the six others had the "blood of the Ukrainian people on their hands". Abramovich's recent attempt to sell Chelsea was halted by the sanctions package but ministers granted the London club a special licence to allow it to fulfil fixtures. The seven sanctioned oligarchs have a combined wealth of around £15billion - but UK citizens and businesses are now banned from doing business with any of them. Abramovich's one-time business partner Oleg Deripaska, an industrialist said to be worth £2billion, is on the list. The others are Igor Sechin, chief of oil firm Rosneft; VTB bank chairman Andrey Kostin; Alexei Miller, chief of energy company Gazprom; Nikolai Tokarev, president of the Russia state-owned pipeline company Transneft; and Dmitri Lebedev, chairman of the board at Bank Rossiya. Ms Truss said: "Today's sanctions show once again that oligarchs and kleptocrats have no place in our economy or society. With their close links to Putin they are complicit in his aggression. "The blood of the Ukrainian people is on their hands. They should hang their heads in shame. Ruthless "Our support for Ukraine will not waiver. We will not stop in this mission to ramp up the pressure on the Putin regime and choke off funds to his brutal war machine." Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: "There can be no safe havens for those who have supported Putin's vicious assault on Ukraine. "We will be ruthless in pursuing those who enable the killing of civilians, destruction of hospitals and illegal occupation of sovereign allies." Abramovich, who is widely understood to have close links to Putin and the Kremlin, is listed by Forbes as being worth £9.35billion. But as a result of the sanctions he has had well over £3billion worth of UK assets frozen. He can not now sell either of his London homes - a £150million mansion and a £22million west waterfront penthouse. In 2021, he owned at least 70 UK properties, many connected to his Chelsea ownership and valued at an estimated £500million. They will now be off the market. The 55-year-old ex-governor of Chukotka, in Russia, also owns various yachts, helicopters, super- d h cars and private jets. But his two superyachts may be beyond the reach of the UK Government. Solaris, worth £430million, is thought to be headed for Israel, where Mr Abramovich holds citizenship. Eclipse, worth £540million is close to the British Virgin Islands. Abramovich also owns a private Boeing 767, which was valued at £228million in 2016. It flew from Stansted Airport to Switzerland on February 25 - the day after Russia invaded Ukraine. In 2005, Mr Abramovich sold a 73 per cent stake in Russian oil fiou firm Sibneft to Gazprom, the stateowned gas company, for just under £10billion. He also spent almost £2billion in Chukotka when he was governor between 2001 to 2013. The father-of-seven has been divorced three times. In December 1987, following a brief stint in the Soviet Army, he married Olga Yurevna Lysova. They divorced in 1990. When he divorced second wife Irina in 2007, Abramovich is understood to have given her several UK properties. He wed third wife Dasha Zhukova in 2008. They split in 2017. Abramovich's mind-blowing global assets include an office block on Tel Aviv seafront and a 200-acre ranch in Colorado. The seizure of his beloved Chelsea, worth an estimated £2.4billion, will really sting. No10 said the Government was "open" to the sale of the club but "under no circumstances" could Abramovich profit from it. Culture and Sport Secretary Nadine Dorries said the sanctions would have "a direct impact" on Chelsea fans, but added: "Football clubs are cultural assets and the bedrock of our communities. We're committed to protecting them." The Government has sanctioned more than 200 individuals, firms and organisations since Russia launched its invasion on Ukraine. But Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer last night called for more sanctions to go even "further and faster". Good! Roman Abramovich is being sanctioned by the UK for his close connections to the Putin regime. I called for this two weeks ago because I had information that the Home Office considers him a "person of concern". In other words, they think he's a dangerous individual. So I welcome the decision. But it should have happened ages ago. Why? Because nobody has made serious money in Russia under Putin without Putin's favour. Those favours go both ways. And you don't get to keep on making money under Putin without scratching his back on a daily basis. Which is why Abramovich never issued a word of criticism when Putin illegally marched into Crimea in 2014. And it's why there has been a deafening silence from him since the invasion of Ukraine. No wonder he has spent his time since the invasion trying to squirrel his assets away rather than stop Putin. Some Chelsea supporters have praised Abramovich. They say he's been an exemplary owner. I'm not convinced. Pumping vast amounts of dodgy money into a club may buy you expensive players and help fill the cupboard with silverware, but it's created hyperinflation in football at the expense of local talent. Flash cars, yachts, private jets and country estates can turn heads. Putin's oligarchs have known this for more than a decade. They saw our greed as our weakness and bought influence and respectability. We need to sanction Putin oligarchs now, freeze and seize their assets. Yes it's miserable for Chelsea. But if we care more about a football club than we do about women and children being bombed, we've lost the plot.