When Chancellor Rishi Sunak addressed MPs he outlined how the Government will be looking to support UK households who are struggling to match the pace of the cost of living crisis. Dubbed Mr Sunak’s ‘mini budget’ he revealed a number of tax changes that will come into effect imminently. The Government had frozen fuel duty for the past 11 years, but due to oil prices hitting highs on the back of the Ukraine war and the soaring costs to pay at the pump Mr Sunak has acted. The Chancellor said: "For only the second time in 20 years, fuel duty will be cut. Not by one, not by two, but by 5p a litre - the biggest cut to rates forever. "Some have called for the fuel duty cut to last until August. I have decided it will be in place until March next year, a full 12 months. "It's a tax cut this year worth over £5 billion." The cut will come into effect from 6pm tonight. His announcement comes after he said last weekend he would "stand by" squeezed households.  In February the Chancellor announced a £9bn package to offset about half the energy bill rises facing households from the start of next month. But the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) has calculated that a typical worker will be even worse off - by £300 - following the latest spike in gas and oil prices. To help combat higher prices Mr Sunak announced that for the next five years homeowners who pay to have insulated materials installed such as solar panels and heat pumps will no longer pay five percent VAT and will instead shell out nothing. Mr Sunak said: "A family having a solar panel set installed will see tax savings worth £1,000 and savings on their energy bill of over £300 per year." Due to the Northern Ireland protocol the rule won't be able to take immediate effect in Northern Ireland but the Chancellor said he will raise it with the European Commission as a "matter of urgency”. From April 1 Ofgem will raise the energy price cap by 54 percent to £1,971 for the average bill.  The Chancellor announced that the Government will raise the threshold for the amount people earn before they pay National Insurance. He said: "From this July, people will be able to earn £12,570 a year without paying a single penny of income tax or National Insurance. "That’s a £6bn personal tax cut for 30 million people across the United Kingdom. A tax cut for employees worth over £330 a year." DON'T MISS: 'This is huge' Putin faces 'biggest defeat' yet  [INSIGHT]Dog owners sent urgent warning over FOUR laws that can lead to fines [EXPLAINED]'Beautiful’ 17-month-old girl mauled to death by family dog pictured [NEWS]    Mr Sunak also revealed the basic rate of income tax will be cut from 20 to 19p in the pound before end of current parliament in 2024. He said: "Cutting tax is not easy, it requires hard work and the willingness. This Government has been prepared to make those difficult choices. "Taxes are being cut, debt is also falling, spending is increasing. This doesnt happen by accident. We can deliver for the British people, because we have a plan." The Spring Statement is one of two major statements given by HM Treasury in a financial year. The other is the Autumn Budget. In the UK a financial year runs from April 1 to March 31. As Chancellor, the Spring Statement gives Mr Sunak an opportunity to present the latest updates from the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) on the state of the UK economy and public finances. 