The video appearance by Ukraine’s president in a packed Commons earned an unprecedented two standing ovations. He urged MPs to provide more help to ensure “Ukrainian skies are safe”. Hours later, Poland announced all 27 of its Soviet-built MiG-29 fighter jets, which Ukrainian pilots are trained to fly, will be sent to a US airbase in Germany to bolster Kyiv’s brave military effort. Meanwhile Boris Johnson declared a UK ban on importing Russian oil “will punish the regime of Vladimir Putin for invading Ukraine”. The boycott will include Russian gas later. The charismatic president delivered his resilient live address from a secret location in his war-torn country where he has evaded hit squads sent by Kremlin chiefs. Chanelling an iconic speech by Britain’s Second World War prime minister Sir Winston, he pledged that outnumbered Ukrainians will face down Putin’s invaders. He said: “We will not give up and we will not lose. We will fight until the end, at sea, in the air. We will continue fighting for our land, whatever the cost. “We will fight in the forest, in the fields, on the shores, in the streets.” Mr Johnson’s government had earlier announced it was ramping up Britain’s economic war against the Putin regime. The UK will phase out the import of Russian oil and oil products by the end of the year. President Joe Biden has banned all US imports of oil and gas from Russia too. Mr Zelensky, left, praised Britain’s response to the Russian invasion but pleaded for a no-fly zone to be established by the West over Ukraine – something that Nato nations have ruled out for fear of triggering a European-wide conflict. In a passionate address, the president said his country had endured 13 days of a “war that we didn’t start and we didn’t want. “However we have to conduct this war, we do not want to lose what we have, what is ours, our country Ukraine,” he added. Crammed into the chamber, MPs received a translation via headsets. Many were squashed on steps between the green benches to ensure they witnessed the address. Peers, members of the public and Vadym Prystaiko, Ukraine’s ambassador, watched from galleries above, with the House in total silence as the speech began. One MP shared a headset streaming a live translation of the address with his young daughter. The Commons heard more than 50 children have been killed since Russia invaded two weeks ago. Mr Zelensky added: “These are the children that could have lived but these people have taken them away from us. “Ukraine was not looking to have this war. Ukraine has not been looking to become big but they have become big over the days of this war. We are the country that is saving people despite having to fight one of the biggest armies in the world. We have to fight the helicopters, rockets. “The question for us now is ‘To be or not to be.’ Oh no, this Shakespearean question. For 13 days this question could have been asked but now I can give you a definitive answer. “It’s definitely yes, to be. “I would like to remind you of the words that the United Kingdom has already heard, which are important again. We will not give up and we will not lose.” Mr Zelensky was given two lengthy standing ovations, at the start and end of his unprecedented Commons address, defying a long-held House convention banning applause. He is the first foreign leader to address the chamber. The president thanked Boris Johnson for the UK’s help but appealed for more support, including tougher sanctions: “We are looking for your help, for the help of Western countries. We are thankful for this help and I am grateful to you, Boris. “Please increase the pressure of sanctions against this country [Russia] and please recognise this country as a terrorist country. “Please make sure that our Ukrainian skies are safe. Please make sure that you do what needs to be done and what is stipulated by the greatness of your country. “Glory to Ukraine and glory to the United Kingdom.” Mr Johnson has been in almost daily contact with the Ukrainian president since Putin sent his forces over the border. The Prime Minister told the Commons: “Never before in all our centuries of our parliamentary democracy has the House listened to such an address. “In a great European capital now within range of Russian guns, President Volodymyr Zelensky is standing firm for democracy and for freedom.” Mr Johnson declared that the address had “moved the hearts of everybody in this House”. He added: “At this moment ordinary Ukrainians are defending their homes and their families against a brutal assault and they are, by their actions, inspiring millions by their courage and their devotion.” The Prime Minister said the UK will employ every method possible – diplomatic, humanitarian and economic – until Russia’s President Putin had “failed in this disastrous venture and Ukraine is free once more”. He continued: “This is a moment to put our political differences aside and I know I speak for the whole House when I say that Britain and our allies are determined to press on with supplying our Ukrainian friends with the weapons they need to defend their homeland as they deserve, to press on with tightening the economic vice around Vladimir Putin and we will stop importing Russian oil.” Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said that everyone had been moved by the “bravery, the resolve, and the leadership” shown by Mr Zelensky. “Invading troops march through his streets, shells rain down on his people and assassins seek his life. No one would have blamed him for fleeing but instead he has stayed in Kyiv to lead the Ukrainian people and to fight. “He has reminded us that our freedom and our democracy are invaluable.” Defence Secretary Ben Wallace was today updating MPs on the support being offered by the UK to the Ukrainian forces. --------------------- As Ukraine battles heroically for its life, the country’s President Volodymyr Zelensky has become an inspiring symbol of its resistance. The former television comedian has been transformed by the conflict into a Churchillian bulldog, full of defiance, daring and determination. Indeed, in his moving address to Parliament yesterday, Zelensky echoed Churchill’s famous pledge that Britain would “never surrender” to the Nazi forces but would “fight them on the beaches”. In recent days, Zelensky has given powerful speeches by video to the US Congress and the European Parliament, where the translator briefly choked up after the president’s account of Russia’s indiscriminate attacks on civilians. The same raw emotion was on display in the House of Commons, as Zelensky unfolded his narrative of Vladimir Putin’s barbarity and Ukraine’s resilience. The Defence Secretary Ben Wallace has predicted that Zelenksy’s performance would be “incredibly powerful” and that forecast was fulfilled. Rarely has the House of Commons been so united or gripped by such universal admiration. This was a historic occasion: the first time ever that a foreign leader has addressed the chamber directly. Even previous giants like Nelson Mandela, who addressed Parliament in 1996, spoke in Westminster Hall or the Royal Gallery. The Speaker Lindsay Hoyle and his team deserve credit for their imaginativeness in allowing MPs to hear the president in person from Kyiv. The Commons was the perfect setting for such an address, given that Britain is renowned as the Mother of Parliaments and the pioneer of liberal democracy. That is precisely the cause which Ukraine is now defending against tyranny. The sombre but noble tone was set by the prolonged standing ovation that MPs gave Zelensky before he began to speak. Once he started, he exuded all the vigour and charisma that have made him such a compelling figure in this crisis. Especially touching were his references to British history and his expressions of gratitude for support. The second standing ovation that the Ukrainian president received at the end of his address was fully deserved and should fuel even greater acts of solidarity in the West. As Boris Johnson said in expressing the House’s thanks, Ukraine’s stand against Russia “has moved the hearts of everyone”.