The Last Kingdom aired its fifth and final season earlier this month and came to an end after the historical series premiered on Netflix in 2015. Mark Rowley, who starred as Finan, reflected on his character's journey and shared how the series has affected his own life.  Throughout the series, Finan was also known as Finan the Agile for his convenient ability to move quickly and easily during battle. The character also acknowledged this skill and once stated: "Finan the Agile, they call me, because I would dance around enemies. I would dance and kill." Finan was first introduced in season two after he was placed on a slave ship with Uhtred (played by Alexander Dreymon) and Halig (Gerard Kearns). As the trio headed for the North Sea, they were forced to manually row the boat and this is where Uhtred assured them, despite the scenario, they wouldn't end up as slaves. READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star? The Last Kingdom was an instant hit with fans of historical drama, leading it to become one of the most popular Netflix Orginal series' in the past few years. Actor Alexander Dreymon had previously credited fans for the show's popularity. He told Variety: "The fans have been amazing, it's been a word-of-mouth thing, we've never had a lot of advertising. "We somehow manage to survive anyway and that's all thanks to the fans. They're extremely supportive, extremely kind and very enthusiastic. We're all very grateful."  The success of The Last Kingdom made a huge difference in the lives of the cast, including Finan. Discussing how the show changed his life, Rowley revealed: "The Last Kingdom has affected my life in many ways. "Probably the biggest one is friends. The friends I've made in this job, are made for life. "So that's the biggest thing for sure, that's both with my work and with my life. DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders season 6: Tommy Shelby's tragic diagnosis incorrect? [THEORY]When is The Last Kingdom film Seven Kings Must Die out? [INSIGHT]Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star? [INSIGHT] "These people that have been with me throughout this time have had such a profound effect on me as a person and have definitely helped me work-wise because I have definitely become a much stronger actor. " He added: "When you're surrounded by so many great actors out there who have been brave like David Dawson [King Alfred] who's phenomenal, who's very committed, he's a lovely guy. "You're surrounded by people like that, and Ian Hart [Beocca], this show has affected me in many ways, positively." Although the series has come to an end, fans will soon get to see more of their favourite characters after the release of its upcoming feature-length film, Seven Kings Must Die. While fans of the series saw the end of many different characters, the film will continue with Uhtred's story.   Based on Bernan Cornwall's novel series, executive producer Nigel Merchant revealed why they decided to add a film instead of another instalment. He said: "Fairly early on when we spoke to Netflix about the fifth season, obviously, season four had done really well. "However, we did know there were a few more books (not to spoil anything!) following on from where we get to at the end of season five. "And it was felt that the movie version was the right format to do that," Merchant concluded. While a release date has yet to be announced, filming for Seven Kings Must Die recently wrapped, which could hint at a late 2022 or early 2023 premiere. The Last Kingdom is available on Netflix 