Tottenham boss Antonio Conte saw his side continue their chase for the Premier League top four by beating West Ham 3-1 on Sunday. Spurs are now just four points behind North London rivals Arsenal as they seek to overcome a difficult start to the season by qualifying for the Champions League.   After a Son Heung-min brace and a Kurt Zouma own goal saw off the Hammers, Conte was keen to point out the vast improvement at the club since he replaced Nuno Espirito Santo in November. “We’re improving a lot, not only tactically and technically, but also we are starting to understand the game, to control the game and different parts of the 90 minutes,” the Italian told Sky Sports. “We are enjoying to play football. That’s also important for our fans because the atmosphere today was incredible. They were delighted to see this team win in this way.” Conte now has an international break to refocus plans ahead of their final nine fixtures, with a Champions League spot well within reach. Express Sport takes a look at what Conte must do before Premier League football resumes.   READ MORE: Man Utd, Arsenal and Tottenham's remaining fixtures graded Plot a North London Derby win   The North London Derby takes on an even more unique importance this season. The rearranged match, which is yet to be scheduled, could play a key role in deciding fourth place. Arsenal currently hold the spot and a three-point lead over Spurs having beaten Aston Villa on Saturday. Conte made the Gunners favourites to qualify for the Champions League after his side defeated West Ham. But Spurs could go ahead of their bitter rivals if they win the derby and Arsenal slip up in other fixtures. Mikel Arteta’s must also face Chelsea and Manchester United before the season ends, so Conte will privately fancy his chances of overtaking Arsenal.   DON'T MISS...Arteta short at the top, Conte on the run, Lampard staring at abyssTottenham boss Antonio Conte names wonderkid with 'brilliant future'Arsenal boss Arteta has 5 problems to solve over international break Resolve Kane’s future Harry Kane will of course be away on international duty, but discussions will have naturally already taken place over where he sees himself next season. The subject of a failed Manchester City bid last summer, Kane might try to exit again. The England captain was keen to leave in a pursuit of silverware. However, Spurs remained firm in their stance and Kane was not sold. City might come back in for Kane this year if they fail to acquire Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund. Despite being Premier League title favourites, it seems unrealistic for Pep Guardiola to go another season without a recognised striker. Kane’s form has improved since a disappointing start to the campaign and he has been a key player for Conte. The Spurs head coach will surely want to keep his star man and will seek reassurances from the club’s board that Kane will stay.    Build a transfer shortlist   Conte endured a frustrating January transfer window. He earmarked several targets but it took Spurs until the end of January to complete signings – and they only managed two arrivals. Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur have both been excellent for Spurs but more additions were required. Conte’s side could have taken control of fourth place with some defensive reinforcements. It is in defence where Conte might feel his team must improve most. Spurs have lacked a dominant centre-back in the mould a Virgil van Dijk or a Ruben Dias – two players who have taken Liverpool and Man City, respectively, to another level. Conte will hope for better luck in the summer. The former Inter Milan boss will surely use the break to nail down a shortlist of targets.   