Manchester United’s hierarchy recently ’performed a rethink’ when it comes to their next manager, according to reports. Erik ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino are the two favourites to take over at Old Trafford at the end of the season. The Red Devils know they need to get this appointment right, having struggled for silverware in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s departure. Manchester United are conducting a ‘thorough process’ when it comes to hiring their new manager. After nine years trailing the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool, they know there’s no room for error as they plot a route back to the top of the English and European game. Ten Hag is presently the frontrunner to take over at United, having done well at Ajax with limited resources over the past five years. But The Mirror suggest that Pochettino was initially their No 1 target, having been on the club’s radar ever since his time at Southampton. However, it’s claimed PSG’s recent Champions League exit to Real Madrid ‘caused a rethink’ among the club’s hierarchy. The Ligue 1 giants recruited shrewdly in the summer, securing the signatures of the likes of Lionel Messi, Sergio Ramos, Achraf Hakimi, Gianluigi Donnarumma and Gini Wijnaldum. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Yet though they’re on course to claim domestic glory, they’ve once again failed to live up to expectations in Europe. PSG led Real Madrid 1-0 from the first leg of their recent Champions League tie after Kylian Mbappe struck in the closing stages. They then doubled their advantage at the Bernabeu, with Mbappe again on target against the team who want to land him at the end of the season. But PSG choked, conceding three times without reply to exit the competition. Karim Benzema was the star of the show, while Luka Modric and Vinicius Jr were also unplayable as Los Blancos navigated their way through to the quarter-finals of the tournament. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Another candidate for the United job is Spain boss Luis Enrique. Enrique has previously done well at clubs such as Roma, Celta Vigo and Barcelona - while he guided Spain to the semi-finals of the European Championships back in the summer. But the Red Devils giving him their manager’s position, while he’s still in charge of Spain, is supposedly a ‘no-brainer’. That means it’s a straight out battle between Ten Hag and Pochettino to take over at United. And it’s the Ajax boss who is now expected to be given the keys to Old Trafford and the task of re-awakening a sleeping giant. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here While United are now leaning towards the Dutchman, however, former midfielder Nicky Butt wants them to hire Pochettino instead. "United need stability," the 47-year-old. "They can’t keep having interim managers or learners in very powerful positions. They need people who’ve been there, seen it and done it. "I’d go all-out to get Mauricio Pochettino as manager. “He’s proven in the Premier League, he’s young and enthusiastic, his style of play would suit United and his backroom staff seem switched on. “I met him a couple of times at Spurs’ training ground and had lunch. You’d want to play for him.” Butt also elaborated on his departure from United as a coach last year, insisting the dynamics of the club have changed. "I just didn’t see a future for me," he said. "I did nine years of coaching and could tell things were changing – the dynamics, too. “I didn’t want to become bitter, so I told Ed Woodward, shook his hand and left. “I’d loved working with kids at United and helping them to realise their dream. If the right job came up then I’d seriously consider it, but I’m not actively looking."