It’s been six months since No Time To Die hit cinemas and as Daniel Craig’s swan song is up for BAFTAs this Sunday, speculation over his 007 replacement continues to draw lots of attention. This year also marks the 60th anniversary of the James Bond film franchise, so could an announcement be on the way? Whatever the case, there’s been some movement in the next 007 odds, which, of course, should be taken with a pinch of salt. According to Coral bookmakers, Superman star and former Casino Royale auditionee Henry Cavill is now the hot favourite on 2-1. A spokesman said: “Henry Cavill ticks all the right boxes when it comes to James Bond. Many punters are convinced he is going to replace Daniel Craig as the next 007.” The 38-year-old has overtaken other big contenders in Regé-Jean Page on 7-2 and Tom Hardy at 4-1. Just behind them are Idris Elba on 6-1, James Norton and Jamie Dornan on 8-1 and Richard Madden on 10-1. Cavill famously lost out on Bond when Craig was cast in Casino Royale back in the 2005 auditions. And in recent months, The Witcher actor has expressed his interest in having talks with 007 producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson. In the meantime, he’s been starring in a number of spy movies from The Man From U.N.C.L.E. to Mission: Impossible – Fallout and now Argylle. The latter’s first teaser trailer dropped this week, which could explain why the star is suddenly the frontrunner for the next Bond at the bookies. Argylle is based on a yet-to-be-published debut spy novel of the same name by Ellie Conway. The synopsis sees Cavill play a world-class spy suffering from amnesia, who is tricked into believing he’s a best-selling spy novelist. After recovering his memory he goes on a revenge mission against a shadowy organisation he used to work for called The Division. The film, set for release on Apple TV+ later this year, is director by Kingsman’s Matthew Vaughan and is the first in a trilogy. DON'T MISSJames Bond 60th: Dame Shirley Bassey to open BAFTAs with 007 theme [BAFTAS]Next James Bond ‘tough decision’ Barbara Broccoli on new 007 casting [NEXT BOND]James Bond stars in bad moods: ‘We had a slanging match’ says director [BOND ON SET] Argylle co-stars Sam Rockwell, Bryce Dallas Howard, Bryan Cranston, Catherine O’Hara, John Cena, Samuel L Jackson, Dua Lipa, Ariana DeBose and Robert Delaney. Vaughn has joked in the past about how he wanted to grab Cavill for a spy movie before the 007 franchise did. Of course, the next Bond odds are just speculation and the producers have said they’ve barely started the process on Bond 26… for now. Argylle hits Apple TV+ later this year.