Fans only have a few more weeks to wait until Netflix releases season two of Bridgerton. Queen Charlotte (played by Golda Rosheuvel) is arguably the most powerful woman in the Shondaland and Netflix show, with only the gossip driven Lady Whistledown beating her to the coveted title of most influential member of the Ton. The actress behind the leading lady has opened up about her career and family life sharing details of her links to royalty. Queen Charlotte doesn't go far without her entourage, royal aid and dog, so it is hard for viewers to guess what is really going on with her highness. Completing her regal on-screen appearances, she wears elaborate gowns and often swaps out her wigs to have the biggest hair possibly seen on TV. Ahead of the season two premiere, the star has opened up about her upbringing and how her parents helped her be the woman she is today. She said: "My younger brother and I had our own minds and we were never told we couldn't do something. That's so important." Read More: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plan to destroy the Dingles exposed? Appearing as the April cover star for Tatler's publication, she spoke about her family and how her mother came from an upper-middle-class upbringing with links to the real Royal Family. She added: "Before the war, they had butlers; their world was very public school. "My grandfather was the headmaster of Colet Court [St Paul's prep school], my great-uncle was Bishop of Barbados, later Archbishop of Jamaica, and when my mother visited him there, she had dinner with Princess Margaret." The much-loved character doesn't actually appear in the Julia Quinn books, which has given the 52-year-old freedom to make the role her own with no restraints.  Despite having very little source material in the fantasy books to pull from, historians believe that Queen Charlotte was of African descent with the star, adding: "I did some research nto Queen Charlotte, but it wasn't really a deep dive. "Bridgerton is more of a meta, fantasy world than a documentary – an amazing genre piece pushed and twisted to work with our modern sensibilities. "I didn't need to do much research because I knew the world this character came from already – it was my mother's world and that makes her very easy to play. "Every time I dress up as Queen Charlotte, I pay homage to my mother." DON’T MISS…Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv Flaherty? [SPOILERS]'Get out!' Simon Rimmer and Tim Lovejoy walk off Sunday Brunch as guest scolds hosts [LATEST]'I love you son' EastEnders' Lorraine Stanley pays tribute to co-star ahead of exit [LATEST]   The hit show landed on Christmas Day 2020 and soon became a global phenomenon, with the show sitting in the top 10 for many countries for weeks. Season two has been under lock and key, but the show has started to drip feed exciting new information and images to keep viewers at bay. Based on the book, The Viscount Who Loved Me, the second instalment focuses on Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey) and his efforts to settle down and find a match. Fans know there will be a new Diamond of The Ball this summer season taking over the mantle from Daphne Bridgerton (Phoebe Dynevor), which could be fruitful for Anthony.   Also set to cause some drama is the newest family on the scene, the Sharmas. Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley), Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran) and mother Mary (Shelley Conn) arrive in London from India and immediately cause a stir. The trailer also gives fans a quick glimpse of Edmund Bridgerton (Rupert Evans), so viewers are sure to learn more about his tragic story. Season two lands on Netflix on March 25, with season one already on the streaming platform. 