In a poll that ran from 9am on Monday, March 28, to 7am on Tuesday, March 29, Express.co.uk asked: “Do you think Will Smith was right or wrong to slap Chris Rock at the Oscars?”A total of 8,955 people voted and dozens left comments below the accompanying article as readers shared their views on the matter which has dominated headlines and stolen the limelight from the Academy Awards themselves. Overall, the vast majority of voters – 67 percent (6,019 people) – said that Smith was “wrong” to slap Rock. A further 30 percent (2,723 people) answered that Smith’s actions were “right”, and 213 people said they did not know. In readers’ comments below the poll, it was clear readers felt strongly about Smith’s response to Rock’s joke aimed toward Smith’s wife, Jada Pinkett Smith. Rock had teased Pinkett Smith about her appearance, saying: “GI Jane 2, I can't wait to see it!", seemingly referring to her shaved head. Pinkett Smith has been open about her struggles with alopecia, an auto-immune disorder. Smith rushed on stage to slap Rock before returning to his seat and shouting: "Keep my wife's name out of your f****** mouth." Some thought Smith was out of line for reacting the way he did. Username JennifferGarcia said: “​​I think Smith’s reaction was uncivilised and unnecessary, especially as he had been laughing at the 'joke' seconds before” And username Lindylou wrote: “There is never any excuse for such lack of control and violence. He has shamed himself.” Others said they thought Rock was in the wrong for making the joke in the first place. Username ChwaraeTeg said: “Having a laugh at someone else’s expense is not acceptable, but violence in response to it is beyond contempt.” And username kiaora said: “Chris Rock should have kept his opinion to himself, to say that in public was wrong and although Will Smith should have kept his cool. I admire him for sticking up for his wife.” Username AWerneck said: “Calling a slap ‘violence’ is too much and belittles real violence, besides, there is no married man that would act differently. “Chris shouldn't make a joke about a wife's disease publicly like that and expect no answer from her husband.” DON'T MISS:Jamie Lee Curtis stuns in reunion with John Travolta as son adopts pup from Oscars tribute [LATEST]Chris Rock made humiliating joke about Jada Pinkett Smith BEFORE Will Smith clash [ANALYSIS]Will Smith issues apology to Chris Rock following 'unacceptable behaviour' at Oscars [UPDATE] Later that evening, Smith won Best Actor for his role as the father of a young Venus and Serena Williams in the biopic King Richard. Some Express.co.uk readers went so far as to say they think that Smith’s actions mean he should be stripped of his award. Username Sycho stunt wrote: “Strip his Oscar for his violent…behaviour.” While freckles3107 said: “Both showed disgusting behaviour and Smith should have had his Oscar withdrawn for inappropriate behaviour.” Some viewers were left unsure if the moment was staged with username BritExpat declaring the slap as a “publicity stunt”. Shortly after the ceremony, the Academy released a statement saying: “The Academy condemns the actions of Mr Smith at last night’s show. “We have officially started a formal review around the incident and will explore further action and consequences in accordance with our Bylaws, Standards of Conduct and California law.” Since the incident, Smith has apologised in a statement on Instagram. He wrote: "Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive. “My behaviour at last night's Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada's medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally." He also apologised directly to Rock saying he was “out of line” and expressed his apology to the Academy and Williams family. He said: “I deeply regret that my behaviour has stained what has been an otherwise gorgeous journey for all of us.”