Amid the increasingly violent war in Ukraine, reports and rumours regarding the private life of the Russian president have come to light including reports about his children and secret Olympian girlfriend. A source told American news website Page Six: “While Putin carries out his assault on Ukraine, attacking innocent citizens and causing a refugee crisis, his family is holed up in a very private and very secure chalet somewhere in Switzerland — for now, at least." Putin is reportedly in a relationship with 38-year-old Alina Kabaeva - a Russian politician and retired Olympic rhythmic gymnast. Vladimir Putin, 69, and the former gold medal-winning olympian reportedly have four children together but they have never officially confirmed it. Page Six reported the pair share seven-year-old twin daughters and two sons. The paper speculated that the chalet is "in the vicinity of Lugano" where Putin's twin daughters were reportedly born in 2015.  A source told Page Six: “Alina has two young boys and twin girls with Putin who were born in Switzerland. “The kids all have Swiss passports, and I imagine she does also.” It comes after Switzerland chose not to remain neutral and adopted a strong stance against the Russian president's actions in Ukraine. In February, the Swiss Federal Council announced that it froze assets of a list of Russian individuals and companies, noting that “the financial sanctions against Russian President Vladimir Putin, Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov are also to be implemented with immediate effect.”  READ MORE: Premier League cuts ties with Russian broadcaster and pays Ukraine It's not clear how this could impact Putin's family given they allegedly all hold Swiss passports. The Russian president also has two older daughters Maria, 36, and Katerina, 35, from his first marriage to flight attendant Lyudmila Shrebneva - who are believed to be hiding elsewhere. Putin has always been notoriously quiet about his private life, famously telling a reporter before: "I have always reacted negatively to those who with their snotty noses and erotic fantasies prowl into others’ lives". DON'T MISS: Ukraine crisis: UK v EU's efforts to thwart Russia's invasion [INSIGHT]Putin news: What will happen if Russia uses nuclear weapons? [ANALYSIS]UK and EU pull plug on ALL Russian gas and oil in HUGE show ofstrength [COMMENT]  His romance with gymnast Alina Kabaeva dates back to 2008, reported by the Moskovsky Korrespondent newspaper. The Kremlin denied the claims made by the newspaper and shortly afterwards, it was suspended. Ms Kabaeva has won two Olympic medals, 14 world championship medals and 21 European championship medals. However, it's believed she was convicted of doping in 2001, which resulted in her being disqualified from taking part in any competitions for two years before retiring in 2004. Kabaeva went on to become a pro-Kremlin member of parliament for eight years, and in 2014 the Kremlin appointed her to run the state-owned National Media Group, reportedly earning an annual salary of $10 million. 