Married at First Sight UK season six was filled with plenty of controversies, from Franky Spencer accused of gaslighting his wife Marilyse Corrigan to Morag Chrichton's harsh comments towards Luke Dawson. Another singleton who made headlines on the E4 series was Megan Wolfe who was matched with business protection specialist Bob Voysey. Their romance was an emotional uphill battle with a major bump in the middle. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight UK season 6.Megan and Bob were both eager for their marriage to work but she struggled with the attraction from the very beginning. The lack of spark led to Megan cheating on Bob with fellow cast member Jordan Mundell who tied the knot with model Alexis Conormou. Nevertheless, they continued to push through to see if there could be a romantic connection after all but it wasn't to be. Megan and Bob decided to end their journey, leaving the experiment before the final commitment ceremony. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role While things didn't work out between herself and Bob on the E4 reality show, Megan quickly found love with another. Not long after she left Married at First Sight, Megan met her new boyfriend Marc Newton who she is now living with. Few details are known about him with no pictures shared on her social media, indicating the couple prefers to keep their relationship on the down-low. But Megan appears to be happier than ever, following the start of this new romance. Opening up to Express.co.uk, Megan explained: "I'm happily living with my boyfriend. "[We've been together for] eight months - I think I met him only three, four weeks after we wrapped up filming and I had been home. "He walked into my gym and the rest is history." Megan then went on to comment on how she thinks her involvement in Married at First Sight UK had a part to play in her relationship with Marc. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns with Marlon Dingle's baby? [THEORY]Matt Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Matt Ridley now? [EXPLAINER]Selina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Selina Chhaur now? [CAST] She added: "I think because going into the process, I genuinely thought I was going to find the love of my life. "I genuinely think no one would go on that show if they weren't ready for that and that's what they wanted. Well hopefully anyway! "And I do believe in the law of attraction quite a lot and I opened myself up to it that much that when I came out of the show, the universe was like 'here you go, you asked for it.'" Megan, Marc and ex-partner Bob have also been spotted going out together so it looks like the new boyfriend has been given the seal of approval. Bob spoke to OK! last year about Megan, stating that despite all of the drama, they are still good friends. He said: "Yeah we went through that whole experience together at the end of the day and that was something, you know, no one can take that away from us. "Regardless of whether we're in a relationship or just friends." Married at First Sight Australia season 9 continues on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.