Piers Morgan has taken aim at actress, singer and comedian Bette Midler in a sarcastic tweet. Bette had penned a message about the war in Ukraine, referencing the rising cost of living as a result of the conflict. In view of her 2million followers, Bette posted an image of an adorable little girl wearing angel wings and waving a Ukrainian flag. “I’ll happily pay more for gas for her,” the 76-year-old wrote alongside the picture. She was evidently referring to the rise in gas prices consumers are set to face amid the escalating conflict since Russia invaded Ukraine. But Piers didn’t take kindly to her remarks. Quote-tweeting her post to his 7.9million followers, the 56-year-old replied: “What a humbling sacrifice from a Hollywood star with a net worth of £250m.” It’s not the first time Piers and Bette have fallen out publicly. The pair clashed two years ago after Piers demanded Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have their royal titles removed. The Duchess of Sussex had delivered a speech to the When All Women Vote initiative which sought to boost female suffrage, prompting the former Good Morning Britain host to accuse her of politicising her role.  He tweeted: “The Queen must strip the Sussexes of their titles. They can’t remain as royals & spout off about foreign elections in such a brazenly partisan way. To this, Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy replied: “Oh, f*** off.” In response, Talk TV star Piers ordered Bette to ‘#bekind”. Bette also told the controversial presenter: “You, Piers, said things that were worse than critical about the Duchess, you were utterly vicious about her. DON'T MISS...Bobbie Nelson dead: Willie Nelson's sister and bandmate dies aged 91 [DEATH]Madonna posts ageless video for Frozen 25 years after origina [VIDEO]Carol Vorderman, 61, showcases ageless figure in skintight jumpsuit [INSTAGRAM] "What does she owe you? Attacking her because you didn’t get your interview!?! #Meghan and #Harry are 1/2 your age. Shame on you." Then when Piers famously stormed off the GMB set during a row about the Duchess, Bette tweeted: “#PiersMorgan has been dishing it out for years & he walked out & quit after a minute of criticism by a colleague? “Even #Viagra can’t help a man who is that soft.” In his Daily Mail column, a seething Piers responded to Bette’s post. He wrote: “There’s a difference between foul-mouthed abuse or threats, and a robustly held derogatory opinion — and sometimes you just have to applaud a good zinger, even one at your own expense.” Piers has even accused Bette of racism. When Donald Trump was US president, his Slovenian wife Melania gave a speech to the public. While Melania spoke, Bette tweeted: “Oh, God. She still can’t speak English." Piers quote-tweeted the post, adding: "Oh, God. Bette Midler’s a racist."