State pension payments are considered a key source of retirement income by millions. As such, many will be hoping to unlock the full state pension sum for their retirement. The new state pension currently offers £179.60 per week to those who are retiring. It will increase by 3.1 percent from next month onwards, in a welcome boost for pensioners. However, it is asserted over two million older people are receiving less than £100 per week. To avoid falling short of the full sum for retirement, it may be necessary for Britons to take action. READ MORE: Pension death benefits may be targeted in spring statement There are five key ways Britons could potentially boost their sum for retirement. Firstly, it will be important for individuals to check their state pension forecast. The forecast informs Britons of their retirement age under current rules, as well as how much state pension they could possibly receive. If the sum falls short of what a person is expecting, they could try alternative remedies to fix the issue before retirement. DON'T MISS‘Not good enough!’ Pensioners furious as 8% increase may be year away [ANALYSIS]Universal Credit and PIP claimants alerted to vicious scams [INSIGHT]State pension: Britons miss out on nearly £500 due to triple lock [EXPLAINED] One way which is often suggested to boost the state pension is to buy National Insurance credits. A person can close the gaps by purchasing Class 3 NI contributions, which are known as “voluntary”. This can usually be done for the last six years, and a full year of contributions costs approximately £800. Another way to boost the state pension is through claiming Child Benefit - which often provides vital NI credits. This was an action recently recommended by Sir Steve Webb, partner at LCP and former pensions minister. He highlighted a decline in families claiming child benefit, as well as a lack of awareness regarding the vital credits it can provide. Even when a person’s earnings puts them over the threshold for a tax-free payment, they could claim the credits and forego the payment itself. In a similar sense, and somewhat tied to Child Benefit is the Specified Adult Childcare Credit. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Family members looking after a child under the age of 12 while their parent is at work could qualify for NI credits. It involves the working parent transferring the credits they receive from Child Benefit to the family member concerned. Finally, while separate from the state pension, some individuals may also be eligible for Pension Credit - designed to help low income older people. The payment tops up weekly income to £177.10 for singletons, and £270.30 in joint income for those with a partner. It is also described as a “gateway benefit” as it can unlock other help such as a free TV licence for over 75s and potential council tax reductions.