Spain is world famous for its incredible coastline. From the Costa Blanca to the Balearic islands, British tourists are spoilt for choice. In this year’s Tripadvisor Travellers’ Choice Awards, two Spanish beaches made the top ten list. The ranking finds the world’s best beaches based on travellers’ reviews on the popular platform. This year the Caribbean Grace Bay on the island of Providenciales in Turks and Caicos was ranked as the world’s best beach. However, two beautiful Spanish beaches were named in the top 10 and could be the perfect spots for British tourists this year. READ MORE: Britain’s favourite attractions named - ‘breathtaking’ The gorgeous Playa de Muro in Majorca ranked third place in the world. The beautiful white sand beach is the largest in Majorca. One visitor from Cheshire said: “ A wonderful beach with deep golden sand, clear light blue sea which is like a warm bath and is very shallow for quite a way out! “Go in the mornings after breakfast when it’s quiet, it’s absolutely gorgeous.” Another visitor said: “A long white sandy beach which you will find hard to beat. Great for everybody but particularly families with children.”  Majorca is one of Spain’s most popular holiday destinations but this year British tourists will face new restrictions in some areas of the island. New laws on drinking were introduced in resort areas such as Magaluf to control rowdy behaviour. The second best beach in Spain and ranked ninth in the world was the stunning Playa de Sotavento in Fuerteventura. Playa de Sotavento is a beautiful wild beach and features large dune and crystal clear waters. One visitor from the UK said: “The best beach in the whole of Fuerteventura! Super sandy, quiet, not too many people and easy to swim.” Another visitor said: “One of the best public beaches in Fuerteventura. Amazing views, clean beach, big parking and plenty of space here. “I would recommend this beach to everyone who is planning to spend a holiday in Fuerteventura.” The stunning Canary Islands offer tourists good weather all year round and are the perfect spot for a summer holiday. However, tourists must be cautious of one rule while holidaying in the Canary Islands. Airport security regularly has to confiscate sand from tourists as they try to transport it home from the Canary Islands. Removing sand from one of the islands’ beaches is against the law as it can disrupt delicate ecosystems. British tourists can travel to Spain if they are fully vaccinated and have a booster if their second jab was more than 270 days ago. Teenagers between the ages of 12-17 can travel if they have a negative PCR result from within the last 72 hours.