Nigella Lawson has spoken out about her weight transformation on multiple occasions in the past, having lost an impressive two stone in recent years. But it hasn't always been easy, as she admitted her weight often goes "up and down". Despite what the scales say, Nigella still sports an enviable figure. But how does she maintain it? With her job, many may think it'd be easy for her to stray from a rigid diet, but they'd be wrong. In fact, Nigella has never followed a diet plan at all. Instead for her, the mind-set is everything. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure "I have never been on a diet to try to lose weight," she made clear. "No-one should be put on this earth to go on a diet!" Nigella also revealed she thinks the idea can have a negative impact on people’s perceptions of food. The mum-of-two previously said on Women’s Hour that the notion of clean eating "disgusts" her because it implies that "any other form of eating is dirty or shameful". DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Despite being constantly surrounded by food, Nigella has found ways to manage her eating habits while still enjoying sweet treats. It's all about balance for her, as she said: "I love traditional food, and I’m never going to complain about having a pie! Roast chicken is my favourite food. "I think in this country we are very open to different tastes and cuisines, and looking at fresh ways to eat. "And I think that is something to be celebrated." She had previously opened up about not focusing on one type of food group and making room for both healthier and more indulgent meals. "I wouldn’t want a life where I lived on chia seed pudding, just as I wouldn’t want to live where I lived on eggs Benedict or steak and chips." However, Nigella has insisted that although she loves dessert and comfort food, she also loves her greens. The TV chef listed her kale and avocado are among her favourite superfoods. "I love kale and I’m an avocado obsessive", she giggled. Kale is rich in vitamins and antioxidants, and avocados offer essential nutrients that are important for a balanced diet, includng healthy monounsaturated fatty acids. Losing weight in her own way, the culinary queen has remained a staple of all things food and health and continues to encourage other women not to go on fad or extreme diets. Instead, she advocates for a balanced diet that still allows for people to take "pleasure" from eating foods that they love.