Pieces of Her has just arrived on Netflix and the thriller will keep fans on the edge of their seats. The TV series follows Andy who is caught in a deadly mass shooting at a local diner. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. Laura is caught up in a mass shooting and she is able to take down the culprit with ease. This leads to her daughter Andy questioning her mother's past. Laura is played by Toni Collette, a 49-year-old Australian actress, producer and singer. The award-winning actress has starred in Unbelievable, Emma and Murial's Wedding.  Andy is the main protagonist in the series and she witnesses her mother kill someone. She then makes it her mission to uncover who her mother really is and figure out the family secrets. Andy is played by Bella Heathcote, a 34-year-old Australian actress and model who is known for her roles in Dark Shadows and The Man in the High Castle. Fans may also recognise her as one of Christian Grey's ex-lovers in Fifty Shades Darker. READ MORE: Vikings Valhalla season 2 release: Netflix showrunner shares update Jasper Queller is a man from Laura’s secret past life. He is the eldest of the three siblings and feels pressure to surpass his domineering billionaire father. David Wenham plays the character and he is a 56-year-old Australian actor known for his role as Faramir in The Lord of the Rings trilogy. His other notable credits include Van Helsing, 300 and Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales.  Jane is one of Jasper's siblings in the series and she is played by Jessica Barden. Jessica is a 29-year-old English actress known for playing Alyssa in The End of the F***ing World. She has also starred in Hanna and Pink Skies Ahead. Jessica paid tribute to her co-stars on Instagram, saying: "So excited for PIECES OF HER on @netflix March 4th. "@bellaheathcote is a force of nature on this show. An incredible cast and cameo from my unborn child, a special job for so many reasons. "I left out so many people from the tag I'm sorry I couldn’t find your name." [Sic] Nick is Andrew’s friend and he is one of the supporting characters. Joe Dempsie plays the role and he is a 34-year-old English actress who played Chris Miles in Skins. Fans may also recognise him as Gendrey Baratheon in Game of Thrones.  Michael is an enigmatic stranger tracking Andy as she looks for answers about her mother. He is played by Jacob Scipio, a 29-year-old English actor and writer. Scipio starred as villain Armando Aretas in Bad Boys for Life. His writing credits include The Writers Group and Cowboys and Angels. DON'T MISS... Top Boy: Dushane to betray Sully as trailer teases Jamie alliance? [THEORY] The Crown star speaks out on accepting Prince Andrew role [INTERVIEW] Ozark season 4: Ruth and Frank Jr romance 'sealed' as star drops clue? [INSIGHT] Not much is known about Gordon at this stage but he is played by Omari Hardwick. Omari is a 48-year-old actor, poet and rapper known for his role as James "Ghost" St Patrick in Starz's Power. His other roles were in Dark Blue, Miracle at St.Anna and Kick-Ass.  Charlie Bass is played by Gil Birmingham, a 68-year-old actor. He is best known for his role as Thomas Rainwater in the Western melodrama Yellowstone. Martin is played by Terry O'Quinn, a 69-year-old actor known for playing the title role in The Stepfather. Viewers may recognise him as playing John Locke on the TV series Lost.  There is another Jasper in the series, this time played by Calum Worthy. Calum is a 31-year-old Canadian actor, writer and producer. The star played Dez on the Disney Channel series Austin & Ally and Alex Trimboli in the Netflix series American Vandal.  Andrew is another of Jasper's siblings in the drama and he is played by Nicholas Burton. Nicholas is an actor and producer, known for his roles in Graduation and Jackrabbit.  Pieces of Her is available to watch on Netflix now.