While many claim Carer’s Allowance as a means of support, this payment is separate and connected to another DWP scheme. The Carer’s Element of Universal Credit is available to those who are looking after someone for at least 35 hours per week. Currently, this means of support is £163.73 per month for those who are eligible. Elements of Universal Credit are means-tested and the DWP adds up which elements claimants are entitled to in order to work out their maximum amount. Once this has been calculated, a recipient’s income, including other benefits, is removed from their maximum amount to work out the amount of Universal Credit they are able to get. Those who are interested in applying for this payment do not need to be already claiming Carer’s Allowance. While Carer's Allowance recipients are stopped from claiming if they are earning above a certain level, this is not the case with the Carer’s Element of Universal Credit. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim However to get this DWP benefit, applicants must be caring for someone who is on at least one of the qualifying social security payments and claim Universal Credit itself. These include Attendance Allowance, or the highest or middle rate care component of Disability Living Allowance and Child Disability Payment. Furthermore, those who look after claimant’s of the daily living component of Personal Independence Payment (PIP) will be able to qualify for support. As well as this, Armed Forces Independence Payment and the Constant Attendance Allowance are among the qualifying benefits.  Despite this extra support, organisations are urging for more to be done as households are squeezed by the cost of living. Carers UK is calling on the UK Government to provide further support for the most vulnerable in light of rising inflation and soaring energy bills. Emily Holzhausen OBE, the director of Policy and Public Affairs for Carers UK, outlined what she wants to see done to help unpaid carers even further. Mr Holzhausen said: “To ensure carers can keep themselves and the people they care for warm, we are calling on the Government to take urgent action to ensure carers in receipt of Carer’s Allowance are included in the extension of the Warm Home Discount scheme that was announced today (February 3) and provide additional support for carers with energy bills. “We also need further measures to address the rate of Carer’s Allowance, where carers will see their incomes falling behind inflation. “Carer’s Allowance is set to rise by only 3.1 percent in April 2022, while inflation (CPI) is expected to reach 7.25 percent. “Without this additional support, many unpaid carers will be pushed further into poverty that will have a lasting impact on their finances and quality of life.” A Government spokesperson said: “We recognise the valuable role of unpaid carers – especially during the pandemic - and remain committed to helping them financially, along with their health, wellbeing and employment chances. “Universal Credit includes a carer’s element worth more than £160 a month and since 2010 we have increased Carer’s Allowance, putting an additional £700 a year in carers’ pockets. ‘Those in receipt of Carer’s Allowance may be entitled to other support, including benefits.”