The woman also claimed that Russian forces deliberately shelled a school where humanitarian aid was being distributed to locals, killing many civilians. Nataliya was fleeing the city of Chernihiv with her two young daughters, aged nine and four. She was on her way to Wroclaw in Poland to stay with friends. They left the city last weekend, shortly before it was cut off by advancing Russian troops. The city lies directly along the Russian invasion route from Belarus to Kyiv and has come under attack since the first days of the war. Nataliya said that women in villages under Russian control near to the city have been terrorised and brutalised by the invading soldiers. She told Express.co.uk: "Russians who have gone into the villages have started to rape women. "They take all the food from the houses - they throw people out of their homes at night, take their belongings, money and do their dirty business." She added: "At the beginning, they didn't kill the villagers and now they are killing everyone - a granny on a bike was shot, they are killing people." Nataliya also related how the Russians targeted a school that was handing out food and warm clothes to local people. She said that most parts of the city had no electricity, gas or water and that food was scarce. To help people, volunteers had collected humanitarian aid and had planned to distribute it at a school. However, she said that the Russians had followed correspondence on Viber and Facebook and found out about the distribution. She said: "They (the Russians) waited until enough had assembled at the school where the aid was being distributed (and then opened fire). A lot of people died there. They were simply handing out humanitarian aid." Nataliya also claimed that the Russians attacked an ambulance that was delivering vital equipment to a blood donor centre, having intercepted telephone calls. All the people in the ambulance were killed and the equipment destroyed. Nataliya described the horrors of living under constant bombardment by the Russians, saying that there were up to eight air raids per day. READ MORE: Kyiv praises Boris for refusing to wait for EU to act She explained: "First they hit military areas, then hospitals and then private areas on the edge of the city - then apartment blocks. "Every day there were eight air raids and we had constant alarms day and night. "We couldn't sleep either during the day or night. We hid in the basements. "They are bombing apartment blocks, that is the most terrible thing." When the war started, she decided to move in with her mother, who lives on the fifth floor of an apartment block. It turned out that her mother's apartment was on the front line of the fighting. DON'T MISS Xi Jinping beginning to turn on Putin as nervous China snubs Russia [REVEAL]Putin meltdown: Furious tyrant purges FSB amid Ukraine fiasco [INSIGHT]Mums the heroes of tragic war - JUDY FINNIGAN [COMMENT] Nataliya recalled the terrifying moment a shopping centre opposite her block of flats was hit by a Russian bomb. She said: "I moved to my mother's - she lives on the fifth floor. We ended up on the front line. "The shopping centre opposite was blown up and the windows of our apartment blew out "It was difficult to breathe and the kids started crying. We went to the basement. "It is very small and we had to stand, as there was no room to sit down." In poignant detail, she added: "There were lots of small children holding hands."