Kate Middleton wore the bright, romantic look to a special reception hosted by the Governor General of Belize in celebration of Her Majesty The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. At the celebration held at the Mayan ruins in Cahal Pech, Belize, the Duchess, 40, wore a shimmering pink gown. The mum-of-three's beauty look was flawless and "timeless", according to one makeup expert. Joy Howieson, founder and CEO of Project Lip, told Express.co.uk: "This look is the standard for Kate. "When a look is so timeless there’s no need to stray away from the fresh skin, smokey eye and a rosy pink lip." READ MORE: 'Gorgeous glowing skin': Kate Middleton skin secrets - busy mum-of-three 'looks amazing The royal's skin looked plump, fresh and blemish-free, in photographs from the event. She choose rose pink hues to subtly complement the contemporary gown from The Vampire's Wife, a brand founded by the wife of singer Nick Cave. Joy said: "Kate's used a warm brown for a smokey eye but keeps the look soft by having smudged black kohl across the lids rather than harsh lines. "Her lashes are bold with lashings of black mascara." DON'T MISSKate Middleton's 'youthful glow' method [SKINCARE] Meghan Markle's eyebrows are 'more natural' and Kate's 'groomed' [BEAUTY] Secret to Kate Middleton's 'satin skin and rosy cheeks' [HOW TO] The makeup expert shared a number of tips to emulate the Duchess's gorgeous beauty look. She advised combing the eyebrows twice a day to encourage growth and achieve a lush brow like Kate's. She said: "We know Kate loves a bold brow, take a dry spoolie brush to comb through brows be sure to comb them in the direction of the hair growth. "Comb at least twice a day to stimulate circulation and style those hairs to perfection." For Monday's rose-hued lip look, she recommended products from Project lip. Joy said: "On the lips, opt for a pink-brown colour such as the Project Lip Hydra Matte Balm in Shade “Play”. "To prevent colour bleeding and give a more precise application be sure to outline the lips, I would use Plump & Fill Lip Liner in shade 'Chase' to fill line lips and fill the entire lip for extra staying power." Another makeup artist detailed Kate's everyday makeup look to Express.co.uk. Danielle Gilbert, aka Dani, is a trained, professional makeup artist. She told Express.co.uk: "Simplicity is key for Kate Middleton. "She always keeps her look more natural with well-groomed brows, satin skin, rosy cheeks, and hydrated lips." Kate Middleton's eyebrows are thought to have been laminated, the latest brow beauty craze for a thick, youthful effect.