Carlo Ancelotti has already branded Manchester United as a “fantastic club” as rumours mount that he is being lined up as a potential option for their vacant manager’s job. Former RB Leipzig boss Ralf Rangnick is currently in charge of the Red Devils. But that is only on an interim basis until the end of the season before he steps into a consultancy role. The search is already underway for who will take over from the German on a long-term basis, with Mauricio Pochettino, Erik ten Hag and Luis Enrique the frontrunners for the position. Moves for any of those three will likely be extremely difficult to complete though, given they are all currently in jobs themselves. Pochettino is in charge of Paris Saint-Germain, Ten Hag leads Ajax and Enrique is the Spanish national team’s boss. Both Pochettino and Ten Hag have contracts until the summer of 2023, while Enrique is expected to lead Spain at the World Cup in the winter. JUST IN: Man Utd have chance to negotiate cut-price fee for transfer target That means that bringing any of the trio to Old Trafford could become protracted over negotiations for compensation. With that fear in mind, United are now starting to consider alternative candidates, in case they are not able to appoint any of their preferred options. According to ESPN, Ancelotti is one of the alternatives being mentioned as a ‘short-term option’ to take over. It is stated that legendary manager Sir Alex Ferguson has recommended that Ancelotti be given the job if Pochettino or one of the other favourites turns it down. DON'T MISS: Rio Ferdinand backs Man Utd to win title before Arsenal (INSIGHT)Laura Woods explains what Man Utd icon Roy Keane is like off camera (NEWS)Sancho identifies three Man Utd leaders after winning Rangnick round (ANALYSIS) The Italian is currently in charge of Real Madrid and is seen as someone with a track record of managing big clubs. Ancelotti has previously been linked with the United job, even revealing that he turned down the role in 2013 following Ferguson’s retirement. But his comments about the Red Devils from 2020 suggest that he still holds admiration for the Premier League giants. “I can say that I still keep a fantastic relationship with Sir Alex, and we met when he decided to stop [retire],” he said. “But I was close to Real Madrid, and so I appreciate the fact that at that time he talked to me. And that’s it, no other opportunity (to manage United). “Yes of course Manchester United is a fantastic club, a fantastic team I battled against them a lot of times when Sir Alex was there, when I was at Chelsea. “I have a lot of respect for this team, for this club, it is a historical club in the world of football like Milan, like Real Madrid, a lot of respect.” Ancelotti has come under pressure for Madrid’s performance in the first leg of their Champions League last 16 tie against Pochettino’s PSG, but Los Blancos are currently six points clear at the top of La Liga.