US Democratic Congressman Brendan Boyle, the head of the EU Caucus on Capitol Hill, urged Britain to drop its "anti-EU rhetoric" in Brexit negotiations as he prepared to meet EU Commissioner Maros Sefcovic. The US politician urged the UK to reach a solution to the Norther Ireland Protocol impasse. He argued the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine should serve as an encouragement for Britain to clamp down on anti-bloc comments. Speaking to Politico, he said: “If there’s one thing this war puts into perspective, it’s the danger of constantly trying to spark divisions with European neighbours and allies. "It’s time for all of us in the West to be united, so I hope that we will see a tampering down of the anti-EU rhetoric from Britain.” The comments sparked the fury of Nile Gardiner, former aide to Margaret Thatcher. He blasted: "Disgraceful anti-British comments from Congressman Boyle. British policy on Brexit is none of your business Congressman Boyle." Mr Boyle is expected to meet with EU Commission vice-president Maros Sefcovic this week. The EU chief is in Washington for St Patrick's Day celebrations and will also meet with Massachusetts Democrat Richard Neal, the chair of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr Sefcovic is expected to push for US support of Brussels in the bloc's ongoing Brexit negotiations with the UK. On Sunday, March 13, Irish Prime Minister Micheal Martin, who is also in Washington to meet President Joe Biden, said issues around the Northern Ireland Protocol are "unlikely to be resolved" before the Stormont elections. The Taoiseach urged that channels of communication remain open between the UK and EU on efforts to solve the impasse. He said that he did not discuss with Prime Minister Boris Johnson the collapse of the Stormont Executive, but about the broader need for stability, adding "this will be an issue that we will return to". First Minister, Paul Givan, resigned earlier this year as part of a DUP protest against the protocol. This has resulted in the Executive not being able to fully function, and unable to pass the planned multi-year budget. DUP leader, Sir Jeffrey Donaldson, said on Friday his party would not re-enter the Stormont Executive until the UK Government acts to "protect Northern Ireland within the United Kingdom". READ MORE: Putin humiliated as kidnapped mayor RESCUED in 'special operation' The Taoiseach and Prime Minister appeared to take different views of their meeting on Saturday. Mr Johnson told Mr Martin "significant changes" are still needed with the protocol - after Mr Martin said there is an increasing view that it is working. Asked about the stances on Sunday, Mr Martin responded: "It's fair to say we've had different perspectives on this for quite some time. "I did make the point to him when I speak to industrialists or business people in the north, nobody wants to cut off access to the European single market because it is advantageous to various sectors of the Northern Ireland economy." He said both agreed that the negotiation process between Mr Sefcovic, and Foreign Secretary, Liz Truss, should be pursued, adding "we support the resolution of this". DON'T MISS:Putin ABANDONED as even closest allies ditch warmonger [INSIGHT]Putin issues warning to the West after Biden brands 'war criminal' [VIDEO]Xi Jinping 'deeply disturbed' as he scrambles to 'talk sense' into Putin [ANALYSIS] "Already the European Union has put forward proposals that present a significant change to how the protocol would operate. "That's already happened in respect of proposals that have been made and Europe has displayed very significant goodwill towards resolving this and that good will maintains," he said. But the Taoiseach said he does not believe issues around the protocol will be resolved before the Stormont Assembly elections in May. "There are elections coming in May in Northern Ireland. In my view, we should keep the channels going. I am not of a view they will (things change before the election). I think we should concentrate on our response to Ukraine," he told the BBC. "Progress has been made despite what you may hear. There has been a lot of positions put forward by the European Union that would reduce the levels of checks. "I would say that Maros Sefcovic has put forward a lot of sensible compromises and their mindset is really to work to resolve this, and I believe the Foreign Secretary is in a similar mode of thought."