Manchester United interim boss Ralf Rangnick is an "imposter", according to former Tottenham midfielder Jamie O'Hara. But O'Hara also doubts whether Mauricio Pochettino would be the right man to take over at Old Trafford. Rangnick saw his United side crash out of the Champions League at the last-16 stage on Tuesday. Following the 1-1 draw at Atletico Madrid last month, the Red Devils were beaten 1-0 at Old Trafford thanks to a Renan Lodi first-half goal. United are now set to finish the season without any silverware. Their run without a trophy will now stretch beyond five years. Rangnick was appointed as the interim replacement for the sacked Ole Gunnar Solskjaer last December. The German agreed to take to the helm until the end of the season before moving into a consultancy role for the next two years. READ MORE: Arsenal 'make £5m proposal' to sign Barcelona star but Man Utd's offer is higher  United will appoint a permanent successor in the summer, with Paris Saint-Germain boss Pochettino one of the leading candidates. O'Hara admitted Pochettino would get more out of the United squad than Rangnick. O'Hara said on talkSPORT: "Well absolutely [he's better than Rangnick]. For me Ralf Rangnick's an imposter. He's come over here, thinks he's got this philosophy of football that no one over here knows. "That we don't know how to play the game. We've got the best league in the world, the best players in the world, the best coaches in the world in my opinion." DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ralf Rangnick lands first signing as transfer terms signed [TRANSFERS]Arsenal told two ways they can beat Liverpool and 'exploit' their weaknesses [QUOTES]Billionaire friend of Donald Trump to make last-gasp Chelsea bid as deadline draws nearer [GOSSIP]  However, O'Hara still has doubts that the former Tottenham boss would succeed at United. Rangnick has been questioned over his management of big-name players at United. And O'Hara says that criticism can also be thrown at Pochettino. He added: "Pochettino's struggled to deal with big characters anyway. "He's struggled with the same thing. It's a different kettle of fish [to Tottenham]. He's struggled at PSG."  United's legendary former midfielder Paul Scholes has been a critic of Rangnick throughout his spell in charge. And he cannot understand why the club brought the 63-year-old in at all. Scholes said on BT Sport: "How [Ralf Rangnick] was chosen to be manager of this club for six months, I don't know. Getting a proper coach for this team is a massive thing. "There's some real talent in this squad. The very first thing this club needs to do to get anywhere near winning the league again is getting a proper coach who works for this team."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here