Foxes might be beautiful to look at, but these slick creatures can be a nightmare for gardeners. Not only do they like to dig at flowerbeds and vegetable patches while hunting for and disposing of their dinner, they can also cause damage to bins, outdoor items and make lots of noise at night. However, there are some simple ways you can deter foxes from making themselves at home in your garden. A good way to keep foxes at bay is to understand what they do and don't like. Foxes try to remain safe and aren't attracted to situations they deem to be dangerous. Sudden movement or bright lights can spook them, so if you can install a lighting system in your garden this could work to scare them off. This can be done with an outdoor sensor light, which turns on when it detects movement. READ MORE: Property: The ‘crucial’ home feature to check when buying a house Although you might not enjoy the task, clearing any fox droppings your find isn't only to keep your garden clean, but can also stop foxes from returning. Foxes often return to areas where they smell their own excrement and use it to mark territory. If you can remove any droppings from your garden, this will also get rid of the smell. DON'T MISSHow to remove brown stains from a toilet - 4 ways to shift limescale [EXPLAINER]‘The risk is real’: Monty Don shares warning on Gardeners’ World [COMMENT]'Greener lawn in two hours': Special product used by lawn expert [INSIGHT] Foxes have an extremely advanced sense of smell, helping them to hunt and find their territory. Therefore, you should mask any smell from your garden to ensure they do not set up camp there. Foxes are known to dislike the smell of chilli peppers and garlic, so these products can be used to mask entry points to your garden. Alternatively, you can purchase fox repellent from certain specialist shops. Foxes, like many wild animals, enjoy familiarity and are known to dislike surprises. If you have a recurring fox problem, consider changing up the layout of your garden randomly. Moving around garden furniture and potted plants can create a sense of chaos and confusion which might keep them from coming back in future. The main reason you have foxes coming to your garden time and time again may be because you are unknowingly inviting them in. Foxes love feeling secure, so if you have a garden packed with nooks and crannies for them to hide away in, they might think it's a great place to settle. Any old junk or furniture lying around can create dens for them to hide under. Similarly, long grass and plants which haven't been tended to in a while should be looked at. If you are keen on feeding wildlife, leaving out nuts, seeds and bread, these might also serve as appealing snacks to your local foxes. All foxes have a strong sense of smell, the lingering smell of the food itself might be enough to attract them. If you own animals like chickens and rabbits, make sure their housing is solid.