The party's Westminster leader Ian Blackford said Vladimir Putin did not control the timing of a fresh vote on breaking up the United Kingdom after some people called for it to be postponed. It comes after former senior SNP member, Kevin Pringle, said it is "unlikely" a ballot will take place within Ms Sturgeon's preferred timeframe. Writing in the Sunday Times, Mr Pringle said: “It is unwise to make any definite predictions in such volatile times, but it seems reasonable to say out loud that an independence referendum is unlikely to take place by the end of next year, given the hurdles to be overcome and extensive preparations required. “I don’t think the war in Ukraine has changed this, in the sense that it was no more likely before the Russian invasion and all the destruction and instability being wreaked.” However, Mr Blackford insists that it will still go ahead and the current situation will not delay plans. Speaking on BBC Scotland’s Sunday Show, he said: “Is anybody suggesting that (Russian President Vladimir) Putin should determine the timeline for an independence referendum in Scotland?” He added: "We fought an election last year, which the SNP won, we now have an agreement with the Greens, there’s a majority for independence.” A poll was published last week for the Scotsman newspaper showing that the majority of Scots that voted wanted the plans to be paused given the current circumstances. The findings showed 58 percent wanted plans for a referendum to go ahead but wanted it put on hold during the war. READ MORE: UK heading for famine and civil war ‘disaster beyond imagination’ Out of those who voted, 43 percent of SNP voters also wanted the plans to be put on pause, while 47 wanted them to go ahead. The SNP failed to win an outright majority at Holyrood, but Green MSPs – who also back another referendum – mean there is a majority for such a vote in the Scottish Parliament. But Mr Pringle warned that pushing forward with plans to hold a vote in 2023 could result in their hopes of increasing support being undermined. He said: "A referendum is a means to an end, nothing more. If the Scottish Government pursues it within a tight 2023 timescale that people are uncomfortable with, even assuming it doesn't happen then, the task of building support for independence itself may be undermined." DON'T MISS: Pictured: Woman, 19, killed in central London student flat [INSIGHT]Nuclear convoy carrying ‘up to 6’ warheads passes Glasgow [COMMENT]'Madness to stop' North Sea oil and gas to be used by Britain [ANALYSIS] Mr Pringle also noted that the "mandate" SNP and Green MSPs were elected on last year was to hold a referendum during the current five-year Scottish Parliament term.With four years still to go, he added: “That provides time enough to get it right.” Pamela Nash, chief executive of the pro-UK campaign group Scotland in Union, said: “Any sensible politician knows that this is not the time to be pursuing constitutional division and pulling Scotland apart.” She said Mr Blackford is “rowing back on his previous comments to appease a minority who want to continue the nationalist campaign to leave the UK”.