With the conflict in Ukraine fast approaching the end of its first week, the global community has rapidly come together to both condemn Putin, as well as impose punitive economic measures against Russia. Calls have poured in to ban Moscow from using the SWIFT international payment system which has seen some results, yet has not been fully implemented across Russia.  Speaking on France Info radio, French Minister for the economy, Bruno Le Maire suggested the economic pressure on Russia will cause a “total collapse.”He said: "We will cause the collapse of the Russian economy.” In a damning speech, Mr Le Maire pinpointed how the EU will cause such a collapse. He said: "We are going to wage a total economic and financial war on Russia,“We want to target the heart of the Russian system. “We are targeting Vladimir Putin, we are targeting the oligarchs, but we are also targeting the entire Russian economy. “And the Russian people will also pay the consequences. “We don't know how to do otherwise."  The Minister later went on to highlight his meaning behind the notion of “total economic and financial war” by saying the term war was inappropriate and did not correspond to the French de-escalation strategy. Adding to his comments, Mr Le Maire went to discuss the efficacy of sanctions saying: “The sanctions are effective, the economic and financial sanctions are even frighteningly effective.” A "package of sanctions" is currently being "examined" and the European Commission's proposals should arrive "this morning", Mr Le Maire stated, saying he was ready, with the European Union, "to prepare a new strengthening of economic and financial sanctions". A G7 meeting on the subject is also planned "this afternoon" before a meeting on Wednesday of European finance ministers to "ensure the proper implementation of these sanctions".  READ MORE:Putin nightmare: Ukrainian army captures Russian rocket launcher According to the Minister for the Economy, these sanctions "will be applied until Vladimir Putin returns to better intentions in Ukraine". He also invited "to be aware" of the fact the United States and Europe, together, are by far the most powerful economic and financial power on the planet". He continued: "The economic and financial balance of power is totally in favour of the European Union, which is in the process of discovering its economic power.” The Minister also highlighted the notion Russian oligarchs were also under the spotlight. He said: "For the moment", the list of Russian oligarchs under European sanctions includes "488 personalities.” The minister said "the examination" of Russian accounts was underway "with the help of the banks" and it was a "long" procedure now extended "to the names of the oligarchs, their spouses, their children, their real estate companies" so they "cannot hide behind financial arrangements".  DON'T MISS:UK dithers over how to handle Russia ships at ports [REPORT]Not so fast Vladimir! How SWIFT can slow down Putin's invasion [REVEAL]Rejoiners slapped down for twisting Ukraine tragedy [INSIGHT] The European Union further showed its solidarity towards Ukraine today by giving Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky a standing ovation following an emotional speech to the EU Parliament. The EU are also in the process of considering Ukraine’s rapid acceleration into the bloc, with many Eastern European nations keen to make the process happen sooner rather than later. However, both Germany and France have suggested the process cannot be completed overnight and takes time. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega  The EU are also in the process of considering Ukraine’s rapid acceleration into the bloc, with many Eastern European nations keen to make the process happen sooner rather than later. However, both Germany and France have suggested the process cannot be completed overnight and takes time. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega 