The incident occurred on Saturday afternoon when the suspect, being chased out of a Morrisons supermarket, “stopped, pulled out a gun and held it up towards everyone” outside the store. Terrified shoppers shouted “is it real” and “what's going on” as the suspect brandished the pistol in a string of attempted robberies. Among those was 66-year-old Christine Thorpe who said she was “looking down the barrel” as the gunman brandished the gun only three metres away from her at around 4.45pm. She was described as being “frozen with fear” alongside other panicked customers at the George Road store. Armed police were called to the scene following reports of a shoplifter attempting to rob three stores in “quick succession”. It is understood that the suspect had demanded money at the supermarket, and both F.Hinds Jewellers and Robert Dyas too. Police said the incidents occurred between 4.30pm and 5pm, and that the suspect had managed to take a small amount of cash from a till at Robert Dyas. Christine was too shaken to speak after the experience, but her son Kane Platt described what had happened for BirminghamLive. He said that his mum was “trying to register what was happening” as everything happened so quickly. He said: "This chap has basically gone into Morrisons, been chased out and then just turned around and pulled a gun out on everyone. READ MORE:Boris told unleash £20bn war chest and terrifying weapon 'Putin fears' "He ran past [my mum], security in chase, he then stopped, turned around and pulled the gun out. He was probably about three to five metres away. "Everyone was outside, he pulled it out, two hands on it and pointed it at everyone and was shouting. He was just holding it up and pointing it at them, anger in his face. "If someone runs past you, a gun gets pulled out, you assume the worst could happen. She was frozen with fear so she wasn't really thinking at the time, just trying to register what was happening. "It was probably about ten seconds and everyone was like 'what's going on here', people were shouting 'is it real' and the security must have just tried to pounce on him then he just ran." DON'T MISS Truss warns Putin over invasion of Baltic states [REVEAL] Nostradamus World War 3: Could now be time 'East will weaken the West' [INSIGHT] Frustrated Putin shelling 'populated areas' after resistance [REPORT] The gun used by the suspect was described as a black pistol, and it appeared real, according to Kane. He said: "It didn't have a red tip on it like some of the BB guns have on them. It looked as real, she [his mum] thought as she looked down the barrel of it. "He must have obviously bailed on it, put it away and was chased off by the security. He ran off across the car park." The incident occurred while Christine was doing her weekly shop. She then called her son to check he was on his way - and when he arrived the gunman had already fled the scene. He explained that his mother was “quite shook” by the ordeal, adding that “she is in shock.” He added that Christine described the suspect as looking “really odd”, before adding: “she got a really weird feeling from him as he walked past. He was really on edge and quite strange." West Midlands Police said no arrests have yet been made and officers are looking at CCTV as part of ongoing enquiries. They’re urging anyone that was there, or has any other information that could help them to get in touch via Live Chat on their website www.west-midlands.police.uk or by calling 101. If you want to remain 100% anonymous, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. Tell them what you know, not who you are. Crime number 20 / 274931 / 22 . Additional reporting by Stephanie Balloo