The firm made workers redundant during a Zoom call on Thursday, March 17, with immediate effect, suspended crossings for the next few days and sparked a backlash from politicians and unions. A spokesman for Prime Minister Boris Johnson said on Friday, March 18, that Britain is looking at whether the decision was lawful. Shadow Environment Secretary Jim McMahon was aghast at how such a devastating decision could be delivered in a recorded mass video message. Mr McMahon, appearing on GB News on Friday, raged: "I think the way P&O have behaved is a national disgrace. "It's an absolute scandal that 800 people were told that they would be sacked on the same day by a video call. "This is the company that reflagged away from Britain to Cyprus after the EU referendum." Transport Secretary Grant Shapps, speaking to the Conservatives' spring forum in Blackpool, spoke of his shock and dismay at the "insensitive and brutal treatment" of P&O employees.  He said: "Sacked by a pre-recorded Zoom meeting with just 30 minutes' notice. No-one should treat employees in that way in the 21st century." Protests were staged at ports on Friday, March 18, with unions saying they have received massive support for the move to be reversed. The Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union called for a widespread public and commercial boycott of the ferry giant until the jobs are reinstated. Before it suspended sailings, P&O Ferries operated four routes: Dover to Calais, Hull to Rotterdam, Liverpool to Dublin, and Cairnryan in Scotland to Larne in Northern Ireland.  READ MORE ABOUT PUTIN HINTING AT AN IMMINENT CLIMBDOWN The ferry operator, bought by Dubai-based logistics giant DP World in 2019, insisted the decision to cut jobs was "very difficult but necessary" as it was "not a viable business" in its current state. It said in a statement: "We have made a £100 million loss year on year, which has been covered by our parent, DP World. This is not sustainable. "Our survival is dependent on making swift and significant changes now. Without these changes there is no future for P&O Ferries." But Mr McMahon fumed: "This is the same company that took millions in furlough only to make 1100 people redundant, at the same time paying over £200million in shareholder dividends.  DON'T MISS: BBC Question Time audience member blasts Tory MP over refugee policy [REVEALED] Tory MP U-turns on Boris support as country faces ‘national emergency' [LATEST] Kate beams at heartwarming father-daughter moment on latest visit [REPORT] "It's the same company that today are making a £1billion pound of profit and saying they need now to make these 800 hard-workers redundant." Journalist, Simon Calder, told GB News many P&O workers could be on contracts based in Jersey, which are covered by maritime law and not UK law. Mr McMahon, who represents Oldham West and Royton, told GB News: "People at the moment feel as though they're being exploited. "We need to make sure that we toughen-up our employment laws here in the UK."  Downing Street said that ministers have asked the Insolvency Service to investigate whether P&O complied with notification requirements before making staff redundant. The Prime Minister's official spokesman said: "There are rules around fire and rehire. There are rules around notifying relevant government departments when you are making redundancies, and obviously there are the contracts that we have with the company. "We are looking at all of those issues before deciding what steps [to take]. We will find out the facts and see if they have complied with the law."  The spokesman added that senior officials in the Department of Transport were informed by P&O's chief executive on Wednesday evening of what the company planned to do. He said: "As is standard practice, the information was on a restricted circulation due to its commercial sensitivity and the potential for insolvency if this leaked." Downing Street also said ministers do not believe P&O explored all possible avenues to secure the future of their business before making staff redundant. 