Apple has introduced two new shades of green to its iPhone lineup – Green for the iPhone 13, and Alpine Green for the iPhone 13 Pro series. To celebrate the arrival of the new colour, Currys is offering Apple fans a £100 discount on the new handset. The £100 bonus is available to anyone who trades in an old iPhone model – Currys will add £100 to the usual trade-in bonus if you start the process before March 23, 2022. That's a serious discount. And if you want to make things even more affordable, Currys offers payment plans with 0% interest for up to 36-months. As you'd expect, there's plenty of small-print around this deal. Interestingly, Currys will dish-out the £100 trade-in bonus even if the handset that you're trading in doesn't actually work anymore. If you've got a broken old smartphone at the back of a drawer that you're unsure what to do with, this could be a great way to swap it for a new iPhone (with £100 off its price tag!) As you might expect, the terms and conditions stipulate that you'll only be eligible for a single £100 boost per customer, so you can't trade-in multiple devices to get more and more money off the new iPhone. Apple announced the new Green and Alpine Green colour options during its latest media event, which also saw the introduction of a new iPhone SE, refreshed iPad Air, and all-new Mac Studio with the most powerful processor that Apple has ever crafted. Aside from the new colour options, everything about the new iPhone models is identical to the rest of the lineup, which was announced back in September. As such, iPhone 13 owners will be treated to an all-screen OLED display, Face ID facial recognition, wireless charging, and ultra-wide camera, Night mode photography to avoid relying on the LED flash in low-light, Portrait Mode, and water-resistant design capable of surviving up to a depth of six metres for 30 minutes. The handset is powered by the fastest custom-designed chipset that Apple has ever fitted inside an iPhone, the A15 Bionic. MORE LIKE THISBest iPhone SE (2022) Deals In The UK Meanwhile, those who choose the iPhone 13 Pro will enjoy a triple-camera system with a telephoto lens for lossless zoom up to 3x, a LiDAR scanner to improve Portrait mode shots taken in low-light and enable faster autofocus, ProMotion screen that offers up to 120Hz refresh-rate for smoother system animations, as well as everything available with the iPhone 13 series – the A15 Bionic, support for superfast 5G downloads, tougher Ceramic Shield glass to protect the screen, fast wireless charging, water resistance to a depth of six metres for half an hour, and so on... With the £100 bonus from Currys only available until March 23, if you're thinking of trading-in an old handset for the latest iPhone – you'd better act fast.