One more six-bedroom house remains standing, but will also be demolished soon after it was found to have breached its planning permission. Bolton Council, in Lancashire, had ordered the removal of the West Pennine moors properties in 2018.  Councillor Andy Morgan explained that two applications had been submitted for slightly different homes on the site at Grundy Fold Farm, off the B226. A planning inquiry heard the luxury detached houses were up to a third larger than had been agreed and had been placed in different locations on the plot. Cllr Andy Morgan said: “Four of the five houses have now come down. It’s the right thing to do.” Planning permission had been initially granted in 2014, for the conversion of an old farmhouse and the building of four new homes around a central courtyard.  READ MORE: Family home for three generations faces demolition for a cycle path Last May, the five partially-built mansions were ordered by the council to be demolished within 12 months. The order by a planning inspector came after appeals from the owners were dismissed at a four-day planning inquiry in March last year. At a previous hearing in 2016, plot holder Elan Raja said he had spent nearly £1.3million on the project by that point. At the inquiry in March, he and his lawyer appealed both the demolition enforcement notice and to overturn a decision on an amended planning application.  In November, the Manchester Evening News reported that an applicant had asked for permission for revised plans for the farmhouse, with the intention of using the stone and roof tiles to build in the correct area. The farmhouse was reportedly demolished by the developers and stands partially rebuilt, against planning permission. The planning inquiry heard how the plots were in the least 19 percent larger than permitted and, in one case, 33 percent larger. One of the houses had been built in a different direction to the one specified, and several feet from where the footprint had been granted.  DON'T MISS RAF Emergency: High alert as plane sounds 7700 ‘Squawk’ code [INSIGHT] UK heading for famine and civil war ‘disaster beyond imagination’ [EXCLUSIVE] Ex-CIA chief explains why six Russian generals have been killed [REPORT] According to MEN, Bolton Council argued that harm had been caused to the green belt by the development. It added that the location of the houses represented “a significant departure away from the clear design intentions of the 2014 scheme”. Ian Ponter, the council’s barrister, said: “The appeal schemes generate a very substantial loss of openness. “The character of the area is scattered farms, individual rural houses and groups of houses clustered into small villages located below the uplands.  “The original plans were expressly designed to be compatible with that settlement pattern. “They were sensitively sited in a hamlet form of development.”  The appeals were both rejected by planning inspector Jason Whitfield, who said the new houses would create more “harm” to the landscape than demolishing them. The developers, Sparkle, were then instructed to dismantle the houses they had built. 