RB Leipzig attacking midfielder Christopher Nkunku is attracting heavyweight interest from Europe, including Premier League giants Chelsea and Manchester United. However, Leipzig have told suitors that Nkunku won't be going anywhere if their hefty valuation isn't met. The 24-year-old has unsurprisingly caught the eyes of Europe's biggest clubs through his unbelievable exploits in front of goal this season. Nkunku has been directly involved in 35 goals in 37 appearances in all competitions this season - registering 25 goals and 10 assists. Barring Mohamed Salah's 19 goals in 24 games this term, Nkunku's Bundesliga tally of 14 strikes in 2021/22 so far is more than any other player in the Premier League. So it comes as no surprise that Leipzig have slapped a jaw-dropping price tag on his head ahead of the summer transfer window. JUST IN: Man Utd can solve Marcus Rashford issue by landing Mauricio Pochettino Foot Mercato report that Chelsea join Manchester City, Real Madrid and PSG amongst 'numerous and prestigious' interested parties. But if any club wants to sign Nkunku this summer, they will have to cough up at least £62million (€75m). The France under-21 international hopes his impressive exploits in the final third will persuade Didier Deschamps to hand him his senior debut, with the 2022 World Cup approaching. And if his form in Germany isn't enough to convince the France boss, he could pursue the 'next step' in his career soon. READ MORE: Man Utd need Fergie help, Liverpool coup, Tuchel takes a stand United are also in the frame for Nkunku due to his affiliation with current interim manager Ralf Rangnick. Nkunku was Rangnick's first signing at Leipzig in 2019, and the Daily Star claim the 63-year-old is now urging the United hierarchy to capture his services. He will enter a two-year consultancy role this summer and is expected to have a say in the club's football decisions, including recruitment. Rangnick believes Nkunku would 'jump at the chance' to join him at Old Trafford, with United capable of trebling his current £30k a week wages. And the Red Devils could be looking for attacking reinforcements in the summer transfer window. Edinson Cavani and Jesse Lingard's contracts expire in June, whilst Anthony Martial's fate after returning from his loan at Sevilla is unknown. Meanwhile, Mason Greenwood is still suspended and Cristiano Ronaldo could look to jump ship without Champions League football on offer. And even Marcus Rashford's future has plummeted into doubt during a woeful run of form ahead of his deal running out next year, meaning a new attacking player could be high on United's summer transfer agenda. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.