The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge suffered a "disastrous" royal tour of the Caribbean after the royal couple faced protests and calls for reparations payments by Britain and an apology for slavery. Some British and international media have also criticised some images from the tour to Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas, such as the royals shaking hands with Jamaican children through wire fences and standing on an open-top vehicle to observe a military parade that recreated an image of Queen Elizabeth doing the same thing in the 1950s. Daily Mirror royal editor Russell Myers has since questioned how the royal couple did not see it. Speaking to Nine News Australia, Mr Myers said: "We are in a very, very different landscape from pre-Covid times. "This trip down memory lane to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee where she was adored many decades ago. "It's just simply not the world we live in now. "People are really questioning and institutions are questioning how they operate the it doesn't seem the Royal Family have done this. READ MORE: 'Prince William will strengthen the Commonwealth' Duke praised "The touching of children's hands through fences, cropped photos but they have been really blown up. "The images of them getting on that Land Rover and going around the airstrip I just found absolutely extraordinary. "How William and Kate didn't see those pitfalls and their team didn't see those pitfalls is simply extraordinary. "I think they're going to have to face up to some really harsh criticism because in reality, it was a disaster." William has since said he is committed to service and "not telling people what to do". The royal released the statement at the end of the eight-day tour. William, second in line to the British throne, had travelled to the Caribbean with Kate to mark Queen Elizabeth's 70 years as monarch. But it came as some countries consider cutting ties with the British monarchy and after Barbados dropped the 95-year-old queen as head of state and became a republic. Elizabeth remains queen of 15 realms, including Australia, Canada and New Zealand. DON'T MISS 'Can't bully me anymore' Moment Kate receives flowers from girl [VIDEO]Americans rage UK should pay US reparations [INSIGHT]US TV host savages Kate and William 'Not like Meghan and Harry' [ANALYSIS] William, whose official title is Duke of Cambridge, said he and his wife wanted to serve. "For us that's not telling people what to do. It is about serving and supporting them in whatever way they think best, by using the platform we are lucky to have." He added that he was also not thinking about who would lead the Commonwealth of Nations, a group of 54 countries, almost all of which are former colonies of the United Kingdom, which is primarily focused on promoting democracy and development. The Queen is the head of the Commonwealth and while the role is not hereditary, it will pass to William's father and heir to the throne, Prince Charles.