The blood sugar condition is set to target one in 10 by 2030. The difficult aspect of leaving your glucose levels untreated is the series of complications that can follow. From heart disease to nerve damage, diabetes can further affect your health. Fortunately, there’s plenty you can do to keep your levels in check. Diabetes stems from problems with the production of a hormone called insulin. This hormone allows glucose in your blood to enter your cells so it can provide energy. But people targeted by the condition either can’t produce any insulin, don’t produce enough of it or the one they do produce isn’t effective. Lacking this central mechanism, your blood sugar can crawl into the red zone, resulting in warning signs. READ MORE: High blood pressure warning: Drug recalled as it may cause ‘adverse health consequences’  One of the “main” symptoms of diabetes is peeing more frequently than usual, also known as polyuria. Diabetes.co.uk explains polyuria describes “frequent” passing of “large volumes” of urine. They add this is more than three litres a day while “normal” daily output is about one to two litres. This particular sign can strike especially at night, the NHS explains. As blood sugar levels are central to the condition, polyuria is one sign that can point to elevated levels even in established patients. Diabetes.co.uk explains this can occur once your levels have risen “too high”. The health portal continued: “The body will try to remedy the situation by removing glucose from the blood through the kidneys. “When this happens, the kidneys will also filter out more water and you will need to urinate more than usual as a result.” They recommend using your blood glucose testing strips if you experience this frequent sign. Alternatively, you could note down how much you pee and consult your doctor. However, if you struggle with this sign but are not aware of having diabetes, the NHS says you should “visit your GP as soon as possible”. While polyuria could be indicating hidden diabetes, there are also other conditions, such as pregnancy or kidney disease, that can cause this sign to set off. Other “main” symptoms that could help you spot diabetes diagnosis include: There are two types of diabetes - type 1 and type 2. The difference between them is the underlying insulin mechanisms. The health service also notes that type 1 can pop up “quickly over weeks or even days” while type 2 can be present for years without your realising.