Following the success of History’s Vikings which came to and in 2020 after providing an in-depth insight into the life of fearless warrior Ragnar Lothbrok (played by Travis Fimmel). With more than 100 years into the future, Viking Valhalla is the historical show’s latest sequel which landed on Netflix in February and star Sam Corlett opened up about the major update he made to his costume to fit in with lifestyle.  Vikings Valhalla prides itself on providing viewers with historical knowledge about the real life figures in history, as it explored the origins of its characters. With Leif Erikson (Sam Corlett) expected to be one of the very first Europeans to ever venture into North America. The character is also a major part of Norse history as he established the settlement of Vinland. Although he was tasked with the huge responsibility of portraying a real-life character, the actor had to adapt the costume to suit his vegan lifestyle.  READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot? A behind the scenes fact revealed as Corlett is a vegan, he ensured the costume was adjusted to suit his lifestyle. This was done by the show’s costume designer Susan O’Connor Cave who made the actor vegan leather armour so he could comfortably portray Leif. In the past, Corlett has been vocal about his choice to adopt a plant-based diet and eliminate all animal products. Speaking on wearing leather for the show, he revealed: “I hadn't worn leather in a long time, the costume at the start was all leather, and so that was quite overwhelming.”  He told The Hollywood Reporter how he overcame the challenge in order to continue playing Leif Erikson. The actor shared: “Gratefully, Susan O'Connor Cave, our amazing head of costume, she ended up designing a vegan armour for me. "So that was really beautiful, I think it was cactus leather. It's a funny mix because you want to be as authentic as possible, which makes sense but also, you know, the values come in sometimes.” As well as changes to his costume, the actor had to implement changes to his body to portray a Norse warrior.  DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods' Eddie star left 'in tears' for new project [INSIGHT]Vikings Valhalla season 2: Ivar’s descendant takes the throne? [THEORY]Vikings Valhalla showrunner on historical accuracy struggle [INSIGHT] Corlett revealed his gruelling regime which would begin every shoot day with meditation, a 7K run, a swim in the Irish Sea and then conclude with weight lifting every night. After listing his routine, the actor remarked: “It was quite a militant thing.” In order to transport his mind and embody Leif he would stay “in a cabin by a river for a week and just dove into what I thought Leif’s memories may be and imbued the whole world of his existence”. Speaking on his efforts admitted: “I'm not sure there'll be another set that I'm on that I'll have to work as hard.”  Corlett also disclosed the gruelling regime brought the cast and crew together, which was ultimately beneficial for their onscreen connection. He stated: “It was actually like a bonding experience, whether it be swimming in like three-degree water at midnight and trying to shoot a fight scene without shivering. “Whether it be climbing up these incredible mountains to get to where our location is, and everyone's carrying each other's things, and the actors have got, you know, some hair and makeup bags, the hair and makeup have some cameras,” he concluded. Thankfully for fans, Vikings Valhalla will be renewed for a second instalment as Netflix ordered multiple seasons upfront, with a total of 24 episodes. Vikings Valhalla is available on Netflix. 