Britons heading towards retirement will want to make sure they build up enough state pension. This can usually be done by checking one’s National Insurance contributions or record of credits. However, things may become slightly more complicated given the fact there are two tiers of the state pension. Under the older or basic state pension, people usually need a total of 30 qualifying years of NI to get the full amount. The rules slightly differ when it comes to claiming under the new state pension. The Government explains: “You’ll need 35 qualifying years to get the new full state pension if you do not have a National Insurance record before April 6, 2016.” READ MORE: Free prescription age could change - some items 'always free' Certain individuals, though, will have a mixture of contributions before and after April 6, 2016. Indeed, others may have also been “contracted out” before this date. In this specific circumstance, the Government states contracted out individuals may get less than the new full state pension. Being contracted out essentially means a person paid lower NI to pay into an earnings-related, workplace, personal or stakeholder pension instead. DON'T MISSState pensioners with arthritis could get £89 per week boost [INSIGHT]Barclays scam warning as pensioner, 75, loses £12,000 [UPDATE]State pension: WASPI women express delight as key update shared [LATEST] It means their “starting amount” for the state pension could include a deduction. Thankfully, people can check with their pension provider to see if they have been contracted out in the past. But this is not the only reason as to why a person may not get the full state pension. More simply, someone may just have gaps in their National Insurance record. This could be due to a myriad of reasons, including being employed but on low earnings, being unemployed without claiming benefits, and living or working outside of the UK. Gaps could damage a person’s ability to receive the full state pension, as they do not count as qualifying years. Some people may be able to pay voluntary NI contributions to fix this issue - but only if they are eligible. The Government website offers a full breakdown of the individuals who can pay Class 2 and Class 3 contributions. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea For the current tax year, the rates are £3.05 per week for Class 2, and £15.40 per week for Class 3. People can usually only pay for gaps in their record from the past six years. Britons should be aware, however, that voluntary contributions do not always increase a state pension. The Government recommends speaking to the Future Pension Centre for individuals to find out if they will benefit from taking action.