Over the past year, a number of rumours and leaks have suggested the story of the final Jedi, Rey Skywalker, had come to an end. In the final scenes of The Rise of Skywalker Rey buried Luke Skywalker and Leia Organa's lightsabers before announcing that she had taken on the legendary surname of the Jedi Knight himself and walking into the desert. But since then, Disney has not revealed what is coming next for the iconic Star Wars heroine. Now, finally, Ridley has broken her silence. Ridley attended the BAFTAs over the weekend to support her fellow actors and actresses in the film world. And during the red carpet event, Ridley was caught by a reporter who simply needed to know about the future of her character. The reporter asked: "Do you miss being Rey? Are you going to make a return to Star Wars?" Before Ridley replied she gave a wry smile to the reporter, knowing she was about to make the day of every Star Wars fan. Ridley replied with glee: "I’ll always be Rey." This incredible response comes shortly after some rumours she had been replaced as the Jedi warrior. Mike Zeroh, a noted Star Wars "leaker" on YouTube recently assured his followers that Ridley had actually been axed from the franchise. In fact, he claimed that Ridley was not only getting removed from the series but was also being replaced by a Marvel actress from the most recent Black Widow movie. READ MORE: Star Wars leak: Marvel star 'will replace' Daisy Ridley as Rey Zeroh told his fans: "Disney and Lucasfilm have chosen to replace Daisy Ridley with someone else entirely to portray an older version of Rey in the sequel series that is said to take place around ten years after episode nine." He continued: "The big plan that was recently finalised is that Lucasfilm and Disney recently hired actress Rachel Weisz to portray an older version of Rey in the sequel series that is said to borrow many aspects of Star Wars: Legends as well." This would mean that Ridley's time in the saddle to play the iconic first female protagonist in a Star Wars movie had come to an end. But with such a long career ahead of her, this does seem unlikely. DON'T MISS...Star Wars leak: Marvel star 'will replace' Daisy Ridley as Rey [LEAK]Star Wars leak: Darth Revan 'will make live-action debut on Disney+' [NEWS]Obi-Wan Kenobi trailer has Star Wars The Phantom Menace connection [TRAILER BREAKDOWN] Ridley's comments follow an interview she had back in 2021. At the time, she was asked about returning as Rey, and her reply gave even more hope to her fans. She teased: "I mean, never say never. I’m always open to a revisit. But also the beautiful thing is it’s this wonderful, huge universe with all of these stories that have yet to be told. I think there’s a lot of cool things to be made before any potential revisit." The 29-year-old did cast some doubt on her return, however. Ridley added: "I don’t think it’ll ever feel properly like goodbye because it’s such a wonderful little web of people. It’s a really nice club to be a part of. Plus, I had such a good time. I loved my experience." She continued: "In terms of revisiting the character, I think that’s a bye-bye for now." But never say never is a running theme in the Star Wars universe, considering Obi-Wan Kenobi star Ewan McGregor is making a return to the series later this year. And he was last seen wielding the lightsaber back in 2005. So there is always time. The Star Wars films are available on Disney Plus now. SOURCE