Danni Menzies, 33, has parted ways with her boyfriend earlier this week and described the separation as “s***”. The A Place in the Sun presenter admitted that travelling often for work put a strain on her dating life. She announced last month she was stepping down from her role on the Channel 4 property show after hosting it for six years. Now, she is ready to focus on the personal aspects of her life after she admitted it was “about time for a change”. She said: “I’ve left the show about a month ago, I’ve done it for six years and it’s about time for a change and there were quite a few things that were hard to do when I was doing the show, like have a relationship. "Like when you go on a date you’re packing your bag every week doesn’t really happen, so I just thought it’s time for a change." Going into detail about her latest break-up, Danni believes she and her former partner did “the right thing” by parting ways. She said: "I actually broke up with someone yesterday – it was s***. "I think it was the right thing. Men are intimidated by me, I don’t know why, I’m really nice," she told The Sun. In a statement shared with Express.co.uk, the TV presenter said she was excited to take on a new challenge after leaving A Place in the Sun. "After six years on the show and about a hundred shows filmed, I've decided to hang up my summer dresses," Danni began. She went on: "The show has been such a huge part of my life, and I'd just like to thank and send love to all of the wonderful people I've met on this journey who made it so special. "A huge thank you also to the incredible team at Freeform Productions who I have never appreciated more than the last two years as they kept the show on the road despite the fact that covid made travel a huge obstacle. "What a team! I will never forget the day I got the call for this opportunity, and I will always be so grateful for it. It's been an absolute blast! DON'T MISS...'They called it a tumour' Jasmine Harman addresses family struggles [INSIGHT]Demi Rose sparks a social media frenzy in barely-there bikini [LATEST]Al Murray mocks Kate and Prince William's 'embarrassing' photo [COMMENT] "SO many lovely people, places and special memories." Last year, after being single for some time, Danni took part in an MTV dating show called Celebrity Ex in the City. The programme saw Danni and other famous faces - including Love Island’s Jack Fincham - come face-to-face with one of their former partners. Danni pointed out that she accepted the gig because she wanted to try a new experience, but couldn’t help but “giggle” throughout the episode. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Danni said: “I wanted to try something a bit different, and I’ve never done anything like that before.” Danni continued: “I just thought I'd give it a try. I mean, I've been single for a long time. “I giggled my way through most of it and when you mix cameras with dating, that’s why I got the giggles. “I like panic talk and I fill the air with weird things.”