Radd Seiger, the adviser and spokesperson for the family of Harry Dunn, asked “what message” was the Queen issuing by inviting the Duke of York to the memorial for the Duke of Edinburgh at Westminster Abbey on Wednesday. Asked by GB News host Dan Wootton if the Queen should publicly disown Prince Andrew, Mr Seiger said there was “no question” if the monarch wants to “preserve the institution”.  He told the kiwi-bord presenter: “There’s no question in my mind if she wants to preserve the institution going forward. “What message was the Queen giving out to the countless number of victims of sexual harm? “I think either you’re going to tether yourself to core values, which I know the Monarchy does or not. “To have that mixed up yesterday, having those mixed signals, only did damage to the very institution that we all love and cherish.  “Absolutely, I would banish this man to Siberia.” Asked by Dan Wootton if she had any sympathy for the Duke, former detective and whistle-blower Maggie Oliver said she hadn’t got “an ounce” of sympathy. She said: “I haven’t got an ounce of sympathy for him, my sympathy lies with the victims that he is alleged to have abused. “What I would have liked to have seen would be for the Metropolitan Police to investigate the allegations of the victim who came forward. READ MORE Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie step out on emotional day for Royals “In the end it was left to a civil case in America, from which I don’t think he will ever recover. “I have the greatest sympathy with the Queen, because he is her son at the end of the day. “She loves him, on this occasion I think she’s put her love for her son above what the country would have liked to have seen. “I think the consequences of that will haunt her in the future.” DON'T MISS:  William 'snubs' Harry ahead of Philip memorial [REVEAL] Queen Mother was 'devastated' when Queen married Prince Philip [INSIGHT] Princess Charlotte melts hearts as she shares adorable interaction [SPOTLIGHT]  The Duke’s appearance at the memorial for his father, was his first in public since he paid millions of pounds to Virginia Giuffre, in a settlement which is not an admission of guilt. The Duke had previously consistently and vehemently denied the allegations. 