After Russia launched cruise missiles against the training base it is feared three British ex-special forces troops were killed. The three former troops would have died instantly in the cruise missile attack which destroyed the Ukrainian base. This morning UK Health Secretary Sajid Javid issued a grave warning to Putin about the attack and said "it's not impossible" that Russia launched an attack on Nato territory.  However, he thinks it is "very unlikely". It is estimated that Russia launched as many as 30 cruise missiles on the base. The base, called the Yavoriv International Centre for Peacekeeping and Security, is 35 miles from the western Ukrainian city of Lviv. The Yavoriv facility was hit by Russia on Sunday.   It previously hosted foreign military trainers from the UK, US and other countries. However, it is not clear whether any foreign military instructors were at the base. Ukraine held most of its drills with NATO countries there before the invasion. The last major exercises that Ukraine joined in were conducted in September.    JUST IN: Brexit LIVE: Truss ‘100 percent prepared’ to trigger Article 16 NATO has denied it has any personnel in Ukraine. The Pentagon said its last people had left weeks ago. The Ukrainian defence minister, Oleksii Reznikov, said: “Russia has attacked the International Centre for Peacekeeping & Security near Lviv. "Foreign instructors work here. "Information about the victims is being clarified.” Today the US Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer said in a joint statement: “The Congress, our country and the world are in awe of the people of Ukraine. "Who have shown extraordinary courage, resilience and determination in the face of Russia’s unprovoked, vicious and illegal war."  DON'T MISS: Dementia: The troubling toilet sign that could precede brain decline [REVEALED] Prince William's anger after leaked photo: 'Worried for Kate' [LATEST] Putin TRAP exposed: Russian olive branch to Ukraine [REPORT]