The co-founders entered the Den in 2018 seeking £90,000 in return for one percent of their business ‘Look After My Bills’. Henry and Will walked away with the backing of two Dragons, Tej Lalvani and Jenny Campbell, who shared three percent of the business for £120,000. Look After My Bills minimises the price people pay for gas and electricity as they knew “people get ripped off”. They said the service helps people switch providers and save money. Once signed up, customers would be switched to the best deal automatically each year. All five Dragons wanted to invest in their service and it quickly became very competitive. Deborah Meaden said: “Anything that disrupts the blinking energy industry has got to be a good thing!” READ MORE: Premium Bonds prize checker: How to check if you've won thousands They attracted more than 150,000 customers in under 12 months. Co-founders Will and Henry told energylivenews: “Look After My Bills is on a mission to ensure no one gets ripped off again, ever. We are proud to share that vision with some of Britain’s best-known brands in the GoCo Group. “Our companies are united by the belief that making saving easier will bring down bills for everyone, forever. Why spend hours finding a decent price each year when you can appoint an expert to deal with all the hassle for free? “For us it’s been an incredible ride as we’ve built a fantastic team of energy experts and a culture that will not accept any one of our users being overcharged. Joining forces with GoCo Group will help us bring Look After My Bills even more into the mainstream.” Will and Henry said the £8.5million sale meant the Dragons, who valued the company at £4million, had more than doubled their money in less than 12 months. If they meet their target, they could triple their money as the buyers were prepared to pay £4million more. The deal was hailed the best the show had ever seen as the Dragons' rarely offer up such a large investment in exchange for a small stake in the business. GoCo group chief executive Matthew Crummack said at the time: “We are incredibly excited to announce this acquisition, which enables GoCo Group to continue to address consumer inertia. “Weflip and Look After My Bills complement each other in their approach to saving UK consumers money. "With both brands we can target the significant saving opportunities that still exist for consumers, that haven't been tackled by existing price comparison websites or regulation. “I look forward to welcoming Will, Henry and the rest of the team to the group. Jointly we have the skills, technology and discipline to address the substantial opportunity in addressing the 'infrequent switchers' and save the UK billions by switching.” After these co-founders found success, other entrepreneurs will no doubt be hopeful of gaining investment for their own businesses on the show, which continues tonight on BBC One at 8pm. Dragons' Den is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.