The Queen's beloved granddaughter Zara Tindall and her husband Mike Tindall are parents to Mia, Lena and Lucas, and the family lives on the Gloucestershire estate owned by Zara's mother, Princess Anne. The Tindalls are known to keep their family life private, but they will likely be celebrating on Monday when a very special milestone rolls around. On Monday Zara and Mike Tindall will celebrate the first birthday of their youngest child, Lucas. While any plans for Lucas' first birthday haven't been revealed, first birthdays are a huge milestone so Zara, Mike and Lucas' grandmother Princess Anne will likely be marking the occasion privately. Zara and Mike welcomed Lucas Philip Tindall on March 21, 2021, and the little royal's middle name is thought to be a tribute to his late great-grandfather, Prince Philip Lucas was born at home at Gatcombe Park, and his arrival was certainly one to remember.  READ MORE: Kate dazzles as she arrives in Belize with Prince William Zara delivered her baby on the bathroom floor, and last year Mike revealed on his rugby podcast, The Good, The Bad & The Rugby that there wasn't enough time to get to the hospital when Zara went into labour. He said: "Arrived very quickly. Didn’t make it to hospital. On the bathroom floor." The proud dad added: "So yeah, it was running to the gym, get a mat, get into the bathroom, get the mat on the floor, towels down, brace, brace, brace." Mike said his wife's friend Dolly "recognised that we wouldn't have got to hospital in time".  He added: "Fortunately the midwife who was going to meet us at the hospital wasn't that far away so she drove up just as we had assumed the posit [position] and the second midwife arrived just after the head had arrived." Baby Lucas' birth was subsequently announced to the world, with a spokeswoman for the couple confirming: "Zara and Mike Tindall are happy to announce the birth of their third child, Lucas Philip Tindall." The Queen and Prince Philip were also "delighted" by Lucas' arrival, and he was the second of four royal babies to be born last year. A Buckingham Palace spokesperson said: "The Queen and The Duke of Edinburgh are delighted with the news and look forward to meeting their 10th Great Grandchild when circumstances allow."  DON'T MISS:Zara Tindall wears £249 coat - and looks 'as stylish as ever' [PICTURES]Princess Anne channels Meghan for last day at Cheltenham Festival [INSIGHT]Zara and Mike Tindall very much in love as couple share public kiss [ANALYSIS] Just like Zara, all of the Tindall children are without royal titles despite their royal lineage. As the grandchildren of the monarch through the monarch's daughter, Zara and her brother Peter Phillips weren't entitled to royal titles when they were born. The Queen is thought to have offered Anne titles for both of her children, but she reportedly declined to let her children lead normal lives away from the royal spotlight. An accomplished equestrian, Zara has previously spoken fondly of the decision in a previous interview, and the Tindall family live largely out of the public eye except for the odd appearance at sporting events. 