It emerged one in 20 thought St George saved England from the plague, while the same percentage thought he was King of England. A third of adults are more likely to celebrate St Patrick’s Day over St George’s – although knowledge of this event is also limited. Researchers found five percent think St Patrick was a leprechaun, while others even believe he discovered Guinness. A fifth think he banished the snakes from Ireland, while one in 16 are sure he was a fictional character from a popular Irish book. But despite the confusion, almost half (47 percent) consider themselves very patriotic – while 36 percent admit they use any excuse to party. A spokesman for Lottoland.co.uk, which carried out the study to celebrate this week’s St. Patrick’s day-themed Irish Lotto draw, said: “It is surprising how little Brits know about their own or their near neighbours’ history – but funny how determined they are to celebrate it anyway. “Despite St Patrick’s Day being so popular throughout the UK, it’s strange to see how little Brits know about the day itself, other than the fact people typically dress in green and have a few pints of Guinness. “There are many blurred lines when it comes to the history of our saints in these islands as it all happened thousands of years ago, but people definitely need to research the likes of St George.” The study also found over half (53 percent) weren’t sure if British saints were real or fictional, with a further 17 percent convinced they are made up. And almost a quarter were unsure who the patron saint of Ireland is, despite one in 20 of those surveyed being Northern Irish themselves. Furthermore, 58 percent – including one in five Welsh people surveyed – don’t know when St David’s day should be celebrated. While 73 percent – more than half of whom were Scottish – couldn’t name the month St Andrew’s Day take place. As many as 51 percent don't even know why patron saints are celebrated, although half love to mark the days anyway. More than one in four are also unsure whether any patron saints live in the present day – although St David died most recently, in the year 303AD. The poll, conducted via OnePoll, found the most popular things to do on St Patrick’s Day are to visit an Irish pub (34 percent) and drink Guinness (27 percent). Others celebrate by listening to Irish music (21 percent) and dressing up in green (18 percent). The spokesman from Lottoland added: “It’s hardly a surprise that so many love going to an Irish pub with a pint of Guinness to celebrate St Patrick’s Day. “No matter how little Brits may know about these significant days, it's great to see there is still an element of patriotism still engrained in our culture.” Brits can place a bet on the Special St Patrick's Day £/€10million jackpot, that will take place 16th March and 19th March, by visiting here.