Andy Murray is still looking for a long-term coach after parting ways with Jamie Delgado. The wold No 84 took on Jan De Witt for a trial period at the start of the season but opted not to continue working with the German after his early Australian Open exit. He will now play Indian Wells and Miami without a proper mentor. Murray has been without a permanent coach since the off-season, when he split with Delgado after more than five years together. The world No 84 enlisted Jan De Witt on a trial period during the Aussie summer, reaching his first final in more than two years at the Sydney Tennis Classic before suffering a disappointing second-round exit at the Australian Open. The three-time Major champion decided not to extend his trial with the German after losing to qualifier Taro Daniel, and has been without a coach since. He enlisted his former mentor Dani Vallverdu - the current full-time coach of Stan Wawrinka - to accompany him in Doha and Dubai, also calling on Colin Fleming as a short-term mentor though the Brit tested positive for Covid and was unable to join him. JUST IN: Medvedev's reply to Djokovic after Serb congratulates new No 1  The 34-year-old is now looking for someone to join him at the upcoming 'Sunshine Double' of Masters 1000 tournaments in Indian Wells and Miami. Speaking after his recent loss in Dubai, Murray revealed he had found a short-term solution for the months between the Sunshine Double and grass-court swing, having already announced he is skipping the clay-court season. "I've spoken to a couple of people. I got some stuff lined up post Miami. Not for the Miami/Indian Wells stretch. I still need to find someone to cover that time - obviously someone to cover a majority of the weeks,” he told reporters after his 7-5 6-2 defeat to Jannik Sinner. "I have someone in the short-term who's going to help me through until the grass season. You guys will be hearing about that in the next few days, I'd imagine." DON'T MISSUkrainian chief 'slaps' Tennis Europe CEO in furious Russia meetingRaducanu faces race against time to prove fitness before Indian WellsSvitolina's opponent's message as Ukrainian refuses to face Russian   While he still waits for a full-time mentor, former British pro Barry Cowan has given his opinion on who believes could be in Murray's corner soon. Speaking about the former world No 1's need for a mentor at the back end of his career, the tennis analyst told Sky Sports: "What does a coach bring to the top guys? Andy is not going to have a coach to teach him to hit forehands, backhands and a serve at the stage of the career he's at. "He needs a coach there to be a sounding board, to keep his motivation up and ultimately he needs someone he gets on with because you're spending 24/7 with them." While Murray is yet to find a replacement for De Witt and Delgado, Cowen hinted at who the world No 84 would be hiring to guide him through the next few years. "I would be surprised if Andy's next appointment is someone he doesn't know," he admitted. "I think it will be with someone he feels really comfortable with. "Choosing the right coaches and the right team has been something he's been very good at. From the very early days to Jamie Delgado. Now he needs to try and hire someone who is in a similar mould to Jamie." Murray is yet to announce his short-term coaching solution or someone to accompany him in Indian Wells and Miami.