Erik ten Hag to Manchester United appears to be gathering momentum after the Ajax boss was interviewed for the post. The Dutchman faces competition from Mauricio Pochettino and Julen Lopetegui, of Paris Saint-Germain and Sevilla respectively, in order to land the role. And he’s already made it clear what he thinks about Carrington. Manchester United axed Ole Gunnar Solskjaer earlier in the campaign after a 4-1 defeat to Watford, having previously believed the Norwegian was on the right track to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford. And they’re now gearing up for the start of a new adventure as a result. United have Pochettino, Lopetegui, Luis Enrique, Carlo Ancelotti, Julian Nageslann and Roberto Mancini on their managerial shortlist. However, Ten Hag seems to be the Red Devils’ No 1 option when it comes to taking charge having been successful at Ajax over the past five years. It’s unclear where his recent interview was held, though it has been mooted that United conducted it from their London offices. And Ten Hag has actually already visited the Red Devils’ Carrington training base where he met Sir Alex Ferguson in November 2008. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The Dutchman was working with FC Twente at the time, under former United coach Steve McClaren. And speaking just days ago to BT Sport, he made it clear that he loved the way Ferguson could view training from his office at Carrington. He said: "Steve and I visited Sir Alex Ferguson when we played Manchester City. “The morning before the match we had coffee with him - it was a memorable conversation about football. "When we visited, Sir Alex Ferguson was sitting in his office, he was the manager and he had an overview of the pitches at Carrington and he could follow the training sessions from his office, it was an experience." Carrington has undergone plenty of change since Ferguson’s time in charge. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Firstly, the players themselves are different to the ones in the Scot’s squad 14 years ago - Cristiano Ronaldo aside. And, when Louis van Gaal ruled the roost, the current Netherlands boss ordered barriers to be put up to make it less windy. While Ten Hag is now leading the race to be named the next manager of United, there’s no guarantee an appointment will happen. Dutch football expert Marcel van der Kraan has claimed Ten Hag is attracting interest from two European giants - with the Ajax boss ‘excited’ about one opportunity in particular. "There are three major opportunities for Erik ten Hag," Van der Kraan told Sky Sports. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "Manchester United is only one of them. I don't want to dampen the excitement in England but maybe United have not done all the work yet. "Yes, they've had positive talks with Ten Hag but so have two other major clubs in Europe. These are clubs who play Champions League football and who have chances to win titles in their own country. "One of those clubs is very concrete for Ten Hag, and I think that is on mainland Europe - not in England. “I know for a fact that Ten Hag is very excited about that job too." Van der Kraan also suggested the failed stints of Van Gaal, Solskjaer and Mourinho may factor into Ten Hag’s thinking as well. "If Manchester United want to get things going, they will have to speed things up and make things concrete," Van der Kraan added. "They will have to put a contract out to him because I think there's a real danger it could become too late for him. "For Ten Hag, there may be the consideration of the graveyard Manchester United has been for managers. "Not everything during his career has gone well for United when you see how Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer have all failed and seen their reputations damaged. "It needs some more convincing from United."