Formula 1 rivals came together in Bahrain to send support to the people of Ukraine and demand that Russia ends its invasion. Most of the sport's drivers were present for a group photo, though it was not a full house with two members of the grid missing. A banner was laid out on the Sakhir track next to a Ukrainian flag, calling for 'No War'. Behind it, 18 of the 20 racers taking part in the championship this season wore matching white T-shirts with the same message emblazoned across their chests. One of those absent racers was Kevin Magnussen, who returns to the grid in 2022 for his third separate spell as a full-time F1 driver. However, he had not yet been announced by Haas, who brought the Dane back into the fold following their sacking of Nikita Mazepin. The most noticeable absence was that of seven-time world champion Lewis Hamilton. Fans were initially confused as to why the Mercedes driver, who has rarely shied away from demonstrations about societal issues, was not included in the photo. JUST IN: F1 threatened with legal action as Russian GP chief makes statement But things were cleared up when the Briton offered an explanation in his Instagram story. "Great to see our sport coming together in this way," Hamilton wrote. "Sorry to have missed it, my flight was delayed." Despite that logistical setback, the seven-time world champion should be at the track in time for the first testing session, which begins on Thursday morning. Although he wasn't able to stand with his peers for that joint message, Hamilton has already made his feelings on the war in Ukraine clear. DON'T MISS:George Russell breaks down in tears as Netflix teases Drive to SurviveChristian Horner takes aim at Toto Wolff over Lewis Hamilton successMercedes working on ‘legendary' W13 upgrade for Hamilton and Russell "My heart is with the courageous people of Ukraine who are standing firmly with their values of freedom and peace," he wrote. "I'm certain I'm not alone in feeling our day to day feels heavier, and sometimes trivial, knowing this crisis is happening in our world." The F1 world has been affected by the invasion, with bosses taking action to cancel the Russian Grand Prix the day after the war began. Shortly after, Haas cut ties with Russian sponsor Uralkali and axed Mazepin, whose seat was no longer being paid for by his mega-rich father Dmitry. Mazepin, whose F1 career looks to be over for good after just one season, reacted angrily and took aim at his former employers at a press conference he called for himself. "I deserved more support from the team," the 23-year-old said. "There is no legal reason to terminate the contract. I was relieved to see that the FIA allowed us to start in neutral colours, I was hoping to drive. "[But] everything changed and I lost the dream I had been working for for 18 years. "I heard about my kick from Haas, like everyone else, from the press. I didn't deserve it. "I was very disappointed with how it was played. I hadn't been worried since I left Barcelona [after last month's three-day test]. "I am a young man and I was not ready for it. I did not receive any hint, or any support, or be told that this is the decision we have taken. I learnt the same time as you did."