Upcoming thriller Snow Angels begins when Jenni (played by Josefin Asplund) wakes up to discover her son Lucas has disappeared. Later on, her husband Salle (Ardalan Esmaili) returns home with blood on his hands, but claims he has no idea where their baby could be. Ahead of the gripping Scandi-drama’s release on Channel 4, lead actress and former Vikings star Josefin has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about her brand new role. Josefin, best known as the shieldmaiden Astrid in the History Channel’s Vikings, found it tough to step into her new role as a reluctant mother. In Snow Angels, she delivers a stunning performance as Jenni, a young parent whose baby goes missing the night after she takes a heavy dose of sedatives. As the series progresses, it becomes more and more uncertain whether or not Jenni or her husband Salle had something to do with their son’s tragic disappearance. “I had some breakdowns,” Josefin recalled at a recent Q&A for the series. “Parts of my body, when I’m not myself, just screamed, ‘Stop. Just don’t. That’s not the way to do it’.” READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up “But my character is doing something else and is thinking something else. And that is very difficult, especially at the beginning of the shoot when you’re still trying to find your character. “Morally, for me, it was difficult. What’s right and what’s wrong; trying to understand my character and her choices as much as I possibly could. But it does affect you.” Express.co.uk later had the chance to speak to Josefin exclusively and delve even further into her approach to her psychologically harrowing new project. She explained more about her challenges on set, and how Jenni’s decisions were often tough to wrap her head around. The actress explained: “You go backwards in the story, so in the next episode and the third episode, you go back in time. Before Lucas disappears. “So we shot a lot of scenes where Jenni is pregnant, and is just not comfortable being pregnant. “And we never really say it out loud, but there’s questions about was this a choice of hers? Did she want to have a second child?” Created by Mette Heeno and directed by Anna Zackrisson, the limited thriller series delves into some of the taboos surrounding parenthood. DON'T MISS:The Rookie season 4: Fan-favourite death ‘sealed’? [VIDEO]Yellowstone’s Jamie star hints at tragic series ending [INSIGHT]NCIS season 19: Vance quits agency after daughter’s death? [SPOILERS] Josefin’s character Jenni is already struggling to raise her daughter Nicole (Nikole Baronas), who is deaf, and another baby may have proven too much for the small family unit to handle. Viewers will have to witness Jenni make some shocking decisions regarding her role as a mother, which are very rarely depicted in other TV dramas. “She’s sort of caught up in her old life, in a way,” Josefin continued. “She’s longing to go out with friends and be free, and she doesn’t feel like she fits into this mother role. “This is a character who has extreme anxiety, and pain. And always, when you try to understand that person’s life, it always affects you in some way. “She can’t remember what happened because she took so many sedatives that evening, and that really pains her. She struggles with that, because she doesn’t know.” “So, I would say that mainly led to my few breakdowns, because of this whole very heavy story, and because of working with Ardalan, who plays my husband, he’s such a great actor. “He gave me so much, and the same with Anna, our director. It became real in so many ways - and the whole set and their apartment. So, I think you just get caught up in the whole story and that affected me quite a lot.” Josefin’s latest role is a far cry from her iconic performance as Vikings’ Astrid, but her pitch-perfect turn as a flawed mother proves she was certainly up to the challenge. Vikings seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Amazon Prime Video. Snow Angels will premiere at 11:30pm on Sunday, March 13 on Channel 4, with all episodes available from Friday, March 11 on All4.