Squid Game achieved an impressive 1.65 billion hours viewed on Netflix in the first 28 days of being released, according to cnet.com. It knocked Bridgerton off the top spot for the most-viewed show. The South Korean survival drama saw hundreds of hopefuls playing children's games to win money to cover their debts; however, they didn't know that it was a game of life and death.  Season one of the show aired towards the end of 2021, and fans want to know what will be involved in the show's second outing. Will it be a game of cat and mouse between survivor Seong Gi-hun (Played by Lee Jung-jae) and those in charge of the game? Or will it focus on the next batch of contestants much like season one? Squid Game creator Hwang Dong-hyuk has let it slip that plans for season two are underway although he is yet to put pen to paper, but fans might see the return of a much-loved character. He said: "There will be more great games, that's all I can say." Read More: Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show 'Should've done earlier'   Talking to Deadline at the 2022 PGA Awards, he added: "I'm just still brainstorming and collecting the ideas for season two. I haven't even started with the writing yet." On if some of the cast would return, he laughed: "No, because most of them are dead. "I'll try something to bring them back to season two." He appeared on the red carpet at the award ceremony alongside Jung Ho-yeon, who played Kang Sae-byeok in the first season.   Gesturing to the show's star, he teased: "Let's say maybe she has a twin sister, you'll see." Kang Sae-byeok defected from North Korea and played the Squid Game to pay for her parents' crossing and provide her younger brother a better quality of life. After making it to the final three, she became fatally injured by a rogue shard of glass from the glass bridge crossing game; Sang-Woo (Stephen Fu) saw his opportunity and took her out of the game at that late stage. The actress did reply to the creator's comment and said: "I could change my hair colour. Let's do a little like plastic surgery." DON’T MISS…Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star will join CBS drama in new role [LATEST]Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster to exit in heartbreaking Abi Franklin twist? [SPOILERS]What happened to Malva Christie’s mother in Outlander? [LATEST] Squid Game is still sitting comfortably as the most-watched Netflix show and has won multiple awards since airing. Both Lee Jung-jae and Jung Ho-yeon picked up SAG awards and became the first actors from a non-English-language series to win acting awards. Squid Game has helped launch the stars into a wider bracket of shows, with Jung signing on to appear in Alfonso Cuarón's new Apple TV+ series Disclaimer. The 27-year-old will be appearing in Disclaimer alongside Cate Blanchett and Kevin Kline in the show based on the Renee Knight novel of the same name. Although not much is known about the future of the series, the creator has felt the pressure of its success. Speaking previously to Radio Times, he added: "There's been so much pressure, so much demand, and so much love for a second season. "So I almost feel like you leave us no choice. But I will say: there will indeed be a second season." Squid Game is available to watch on Netflix.