Ms Adler says Mr Macron is using regular communication with Mr Putin as a way to be on call for when Moscow wants to "engage realistically". The BBC Europe Editor described the "difficult discussion" between Putin and the French president today. She tweeted: "The Elysee Palace, the French equivalent of No10, says Putin seemed unwilling to end the attack on Ukraine in 1.5-hour long call he had today with Pres Macron and German Chancellor Scholz.  "Thought to be Macron's 10th Putin call since the invasion. "Described as a difficult discussion." She added: "France and Germany demanded an immediate ceasefire and for Russia to start negotiations with Ukraine afterwards. "They said an end to the hostilities was needed before serious talks could begin. READ MORE: Britons demand we accept Ukraine refugees - should they house them?  "Ukraine's President Zelensky says he also asked Macron and Scholz to demand that Russia release the captive mayor of Melitopol during the call. "President Macron has often come under fire for speaking so regularly to Vladimir Putin at the EU summit in Versailles last week he told me. "France and all its international partners were working together to support Ukraine, impose tough sanctions and isolate Putin diplomatically in hope of pressurising him to negotiating table. "Macron said it is important to keep communication open for when Putin is ready to engage realistically." The news comes after 1,300 Ukrainian troops had been killed so far in the conflict. DON'T MISS:Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin's war escalates - Belarus 'to join TONIGHT'Charles will be ‘more fulfilled King’ with future Queen Camilla Nicola Sturgeon lambasted over Ukraine no-fly zone comment  However, Ukraine's president suggested Russian forces would face a fight to the death if they sought to enter the capital. President Zelensky said: "If they decide to carpet bomb Kyiv, and simply erase the history of this region and destroy all of us, then they will enter Kyiv. "If that's their goal, let them come in. "But they will have to live on this land by themselves." An estimated 2.5 million Ukrainians have now fled their homeland and become refugees. However, the Ukrainian border guard service is reporting hundreds of thousands are returning as well, many to fight for their country. 