In the second series of the fertility podcast Making Babies, Gabby Logan, 48, made a guest appearance and discussed her difficulties conceiving. Last year, TV presenter and ex-Commonwealth Games gymnast Gabby told podcast host Andrea Byrne about her experience with IVF and the support she received from her husband, former Scottish rugby player Kenny Logan. Gabby discussed how the process was a "stressful" time for the couple in an unearthed interview. The 48-year-old revealed: "It was probably three years from trying naturally to having IVF. "The whole process of the IVF was stressful, we treated it like a sports schedule. "I was trying to see it as a treatment almost." READ MORE: Strictly's Janette Manrara discusses 'pulling plug' on show with Aljaz During the treatment, Gabby had a miscarriage scare. The sports commentator shared how she was convinced the pregnancy had ended at the time. She said: "Then on how many days after I was supposed to be getting a blood test, I bled that day and I decided that was it and I wasn't having a baby. "Kenny was in Glasgow and wasn't able to come with me. "The doctor said go and get your blood test done anyway. "I woke up and there was blood but there was enough for me to decide that was it." She added: "But we found out that I was pregnant and I didn't have a miscarriage." The IVF treatment was successful and the couple had twins, Reuben and Lois, who are now 16 years old. DON’T MISS: Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [INSIGHT]Don't care what I look like!' Cameron Diaz on 'never washing her face' [LATEST]Cillian Murphy wife: How wife Yvonne gets 'frustrated' with actor [NEWS] Gabby recalled that most of her friends and family couldn't relate to her fertility struggle. Despite it being a tough time for the couple, their marriage remained strong throughout. Gabby was full of praise for Kenny. She said: "He was so supportive and so brilliant about everything." Last year, Gabby spoke out about feeling "livid" when a BBC adviser criticised her choice of footwear. He commented that her Armani shoes were not practical and said: "You wouldn't wear those boots to empty the dishwasher at home." Gabby defended her style choices by explaining that she wanted to give the appearance that she had "made an effort". "It was supposed to be a meeting. "It was with a guy who was brought into the BBC to talk about our visual appearance. "I immediately took a little bit of offence, I have to say, because I knew that I was probably spending more on my wardrobe than most of my colleagues…" "I was so livid. I said, 'I've just come off radio, where nobody sees me, and I'm wearing these boots'."