According to official statistics, headline inflation reached 7.3 percent in March, a 2.5 percent increase on the previous month. Energy has continued to have considerable impact with inflation in costs swelling to 39.5 percent - compared to 22.5 percent in February. According to statistics body Destatis, delivery bottlenecks due to disrupted supply chains are also adding to pressures on goods prices. Germany has been suffering from supply chain issues in key manufacturing components such as semi-conductors for some time now, with outbreaks of Covid and increases in energy costs adding to the problems for suppliers.  The last time Germany saw inflation at this level was 1981, similarly linked to rising oil prices in that case due to the Iran-Iraq War. Claus Vistesen, chief Eurozone economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, described Germany's inflation as "merciless". He predicted: "Core and headline inflation will advance further in the near term, though the energy component is a wildcard. "A European embargo on Russian gas, or a reduction in supply due to spat over whether to pay Russia in roubles or euros, would drive energy inflation up even further."  Carsten Brzeski, global head of macro at ING Think, predicted average inflation of eight percent for the year with double digit territory possible over the summer. Writing in a briefing note, he said: "Looking ahead, with the war in Ukraine and continued tension and upward pressure on energy, commodity and food prices, headline inflation in Germany will accelerate further in the coming months. "The pass-through to all kinds of sectors is in full swing. "Add to this the additional price mark-ups in the hospitality, culture and leisure sectors once the current round of restrictions is over and it is hard to see inflation coming down significantly any time soon."  The surge in inflation comes as figures recently revealed plummeting consumer confidence in Germany, with GfK's much followed consumer sentiment survey finding increasingly pessimistic views on the outlook for the economy and spending plans. A major fear for Germany, and much of the Eurozone, now is a period of stagflation with surging inflation and stalling growth combining. In Germany's case, the economy actually shrank in the final months of last year - with fears the country could enter recession this year if trends continue. Speaking today, Christine Lagarde, President of the European Central Bank, acknowledged the Eurozone faced "significant risks to growth" due to the war on Ukraine.   DON'T MISS: Russian companies paralysed by sanctions [ANALYSIS]National Grid criticised over major sale to 'vampire kangaroo' [SPOTLIGHT] Gas prices spike as Russia demands ruble payments [LATEST] She said: "Europe is entering a difficult phase. "There is considerable uncertainty about how large these effects will be and how long they will last for.” Inflation figures for the Eurozone are due on Friday, April 1. Mr Vistesen warned "investors should brace for another consensus-busting inflation report", adding "risks are now certainly tilted towards EZ inflation soaring past seven percent in March". 