After Power came to an end in 2020, the series expanded to a franchise after the recent release of its third spin-off. With the highly anticipated sequel Power Book IV: Force taking social media by storm, executive producer 50 Cent reacted with fury furious after the show's future was left uncertain due to the lack of updates from Starz.  Fans of the Power franchise will recall each of its series were usually renewed for another instalment before the first had even been released or just a few episodes in. This was the case with its first spin-off Power Book II: Ghost, which was confirmed to have a second season just three episodes into season one. The prequel series Power Book III: Raising Kanan was renewed for a second instalment before the show had even premiered. With the recent expansion of the Power Universe, with Power Book IV: Force, Starz are yet to announce any renewal news despite the action-packed series being four episodes in.  READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up A number of viewers had become frustrated with the network of the lack of updates, however, no one was more annoyed than Power Book's executive producer 50 Cent. The rapper-turned-actor, who is known for speaking his mind, took to Instagram to make it clear he was unhappy with the network. 50 Cent posted a gif depicting someone packing, with the caption: "This is me packing my stuff, STARZ Sucks, my deal is up over here I'm out. "They renewed Hightown and FORCE is the highest-rated show they have it sitting in limbo. "If I told you how much dumb s**t I deal with over here."   Many fans were shocked by the showrunner's revelation and took to the comments to voice solidarity with the series and threaten to leave the network. @CadillacDeez suggested: "it's time to start your own network bro." @Kyliejones769 added: "Time to cancel my STARZ subscription if you bounce." @Buttahscotch_ commented: "Oh nah, I would hope Tommy was getting a second season."  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street Leanne Battersby betrays Nick Tilsley's trust [INSIGHT]Power Force 4 Force: Tommy’s reign ‘sealed’ as he takes down Flynns? [THEORY]Power Book 3 delayed: Raising Kanan season 2 on Starz pushed back [NEWS] @Jess_mrachel shared: "The only reason I have Starz is for the Power universe." While Ace_718 confirmed: "When you leave, we leave." This isn't the first time 50 Cent has had trouble with Starz and threatened to leave the network. Back in 2017, while the original series of Power was airing weekly, he took to social media with frustration after Starz refused to add one more episode to season four. Power creator Courtney Kemp had originally planned for episode six to be a two-parter as it featured two major deaths. However, due to Starz's refusal, Kemp shared the episode lost some story elements as it had to be packed.   This led to 50 Cent posting a now-deleted post threatening his exit from the network: "I woke up feeling a little different about POWER this morning. "If the biggest show on your net work [sic] doesn't mean anything, what does your network mean STARZ? "I'm taking my talents to south beach f**k this." Power Book IV: Force was one of the most highly anticipated spin-offs as fans wanted to gain insight into Tommy Egan's (played by Joseph Sikora) fate after he faked his death. It even proved to be a huge hit for the network as Starz's press release revealed: "STARZ Original Series, Power Book IV: Force debuted as the most-watched premiere ever in STARZ history with 3.3 Million multiplatform views in the U.S. on Sunday alone, based on early reporting with many other platforms still to report." In the past, 50 Cent leaked episodes out of frustration, so hopefully Starz will release a renewal date for the spin-off series soon. Power Book IV: Force is available on Starz in the USA and on Starzplay in the UK. 