Good Morning Britain guest presenter Rob Rinder has spoken out about his new project designed to tackle the "raised eyebrows" of people when it comes to addressing medical negligence. Speaking exclusively with Express.co.uk, Judge Rinder, 43, spoke about his role as brand ambassador for Fletchers Solicitors and Patient Claim Line. The star, who joined GMB last year, spoke candidly about beating the stigma around claiming for medical negligence. Addressing his new project, Rob said: "One of the things that I go around trying to change is this sort of mindset about what lawyers do. "You hear Patient Claim Line, and you can sort of feel the eyebrows raised, and people shrug their shoulders and roll their eyes. "And it feels all a bit, not just America, but an American version, an American attitude towards lawyers," he added. READ MORE: Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star Rob went on: "People laugh because they think that things like Patient Claim Line are about ambulance chasing or suing the NHS for spurious claims. "And that's just not in any way how it works," he explained. The star went on to reveal why he's personally invested in the matter. Rob continued: "I know and have known a number of people that have worked in personal injury, it really mattered to me that the public understood what their legal rights are in the event that they were to experience some kind of medical negligence. "And the reason that's important is because it's not taking money out of the mouths of the NHS." The star explained that a successful payout ensured that the claimant can live as normal as possible. Rob said: "What it does, in the event that you suffer a really serious injury, is that it puts you back into the position that you would have been in before that injury. "That's the whole purpose of our law that we will share," he added. DON'T MISS... JK Rowling sparks backlash after hitting out at Labour MP [INSIGHT]Richard Madeley's confrontation with angry viewer who ‘loathed' him [ANALYSIS]Gino D'Acampo stuns viewers with raunchy threesome reveal [UPDATE] Elsewhere in the interview, the legal expert spoke candidly about stepping into Piers Morgan's shoes following his ITV exit a year ago. Alongside several other famous faces including Richard Madeley and Adil Ray, Rob joined the GMB panel in March 2021 following Piers' exit. However, when asked whether he had any worries about filling the former newspaper editor's shows, the barrister insisted that he didn't. Rob said: "Not really, I mean, lots of people have opinions on Piers, but people who actually know him will tell you,. He continued: "The reason he continues to survive in this business that's full of sharks is because he's - there's a lovely Yiddish word - he's a Mensch. "He's the type of friend and person that you absolutely want in your corner," Rob added. The legal expert went on: "You will really struggle privately to find somebody who's got anything unkind to say about Piers, who really knows him." You can contact Patient Claim Line here.