Jasper Bryan Cook was sent home after feeling under the weather on January 17. While back home, the youngster's health quickly deteriorated, suffering from breathing difficulties.  Jasper was rushed to the hospital where he sadly passed away the same day. His parents paid tribute to the schoolboy, describing him as a “fun-loving”. Mother Kim, 39 said there were no warning signs as to the severity of Jasper’s condition. Ms Cook and his father Ian Cook are now awaiting a report from the coroner on the cause of death. They have described the death of Jasper as leaving a “gaping hole” in their lives. Ms Cook said: “There were literally no warning signs. “There were no signs this could happen, or was going to happen, or was expected or anything. “It’s taken the legs from under us.” Jasper tested positive for Covid one day after he came home from school feeling sick.  READ MORE:Stealth Omicron: Two symptoms ‘not typically seen’ in other strains Ms Cook said her son was a “little sick” in the days after he was sent home. She contacted emergency services on January 21, when Jasper suddenly took a turn for the worse and was unable to breathe. Jasper was taken to the Bradford Royal Infirmary. Ms Cook said of her son: “He was funny, cheeky, all he wanted was cuddles.“He loved snuggles. “He was a Lego fanatic. "He was a big supporter of Formula 1 and Lewis Hamilton, we spent lots of time snuggled on the sofa watching F1 and also Watford FC due to Granpa being a lifelong supporter. "Everybody said his smile lit up the room. “He was gorgeous. It's devastating. "We would not wish this on our worst enemy, on anybody, it's like a living nightmare. “It should not happen to an eight-year-old."  DON'T MISS:China 'knew about Russian invasion' as Xi 'asked Putin to DELAY war [REPORT]Meghan McCain backs Piers Morgan over Biden [REVEAL]Walls close in on Putin as Royal Marines join NATO [INSIGHT] Mr Cook said: "It took a long time to accept it had happened, and he was not coming home. "There's a huge Jasper-shaped hole, it's never going to be filled. “Words just can't really express the loss we are feeling." Jasper's school plans to develop a well-being garden in memory of him, which will also be named after him.  A spokesperson for the school said: "This will be a place for reflection and contemplation and will be a lasting legacy to such an amazing young man." The Cooks hope to raise money to fund the permanent memorial and to donate to relevant charities once they know more about what caused their son's death. 