England boss Gareth Southgate has told Jude Bellingham he might be better off playing in the Premier League. The Borussia Dortmund ace has attracted attention from Manchester United and Liverpool in the transfer window before. Jude Bellingham has been sent a clear transfer message by Gareth Southgate on international duty amid interest from Manchester United and Liverpool. Both clubs would love to snap him up this summer but Borussia Dortmund have plenty to say about that. Regardless, the Bundesliga club will not be too pleased with the England manager's comments after it told the youngster that he might better off being in the Premier League. Bellingham is currently with the Three Lions. Southgate is set to hand the 18-year-old his 12th cap against Ivory Coast this week and was full of praise for the teenager. He said: "The league is definitely a brilliant league for young players and coaches to develop but of course the standard of the Premier League is undoubtedly higher, I think we see that in the European competitions. “Our top teams are going to be right at the end of the Champions League every year, the financial power of our league is blowing everyone else out of the water so our big teams are going to be the main players in those competitions as they have been in the last years really. “We’ve talked to him about his game this week. There are things, understandably for any player, for him to work on and for him some specifics we are looking for from him. But he is very coachable, wants to learn and is highly motivated. “He is already getting brilliant experiences with club and European football already so he’ll be involved in the game and it will be good to see how he does. He is developing exceptionally well for a player of his age. He is being asked to play in a number of different positions this year. “Dortmund have played 3-4-3 where he has been one of the double pivots, 4-3-3 where he plays as one of the 8s and a diamond where he has played on the outside of a diamond. He has different tactical challenges to deal with. The team have been a bit inconsistent.” United tried to sign Bellingham when he just 16 at Birmingham with Sir Alex Ferguson even giving him and his parents a guided tour of the club's Carrington training complex. However, the midfielder turned them down to move to Dortmund instead. Since then, the teenager has grown into one of the most promising young talents in the world and Liverpool have a strong interest. Jurgen Klopp is desperate to bolster his midfield but a potential £100million price tag might scare them off.