Donny van de Beek has insisted that he has a point to prove at Everton after failing to hold down a regular first-team place at Manchester United before joining the Toffees on loan in January. The Dutchman is looking to find a new lease of life on Merseyside and has already turned plenty of heads with his early form at Goodison Park. Van de Beek has started in each of Everton's last three Premier League matches but is yet to register a goal or an assist for his new club.He rarely got a look in at United under the guidance of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer after joining from Ajax for a fee of around £36million back in the summer of 2020.The midfielder's predicament failed to improve under Ralf Rangnick, who sanctioned his temporary departure at the end of the January transfer window.He has since impressed on a number of occasions for Everton and is well aware that he has plenty to prove at the club between now and the end of the season.When asked if he has a point to make over the coming months, Van de Beek told Everton's official programme: "Yes, but it is also for everyone around me. If I play well, I do it for them, for my girlfriend and for my family and friends. JUST IN: Everton boss Frank Lampard receives personal phone call apology "I want to give joy to those people. And to the fans. Then I want to do it for myself."Van de Beek also underlined his desire to silence his doubters in a thinly-veiled dig towards United and those who believe that he is not good enough to make the grade at Old Trafford."Of course, sometimes I am disappointed and frustrated," he added."But I always try to stay positive and believe there will be a day it will change. I can only change it with hard work. "I want to show that some people are wrong and I still have the quality to play, I always aim to do this."It remains to be seen whether Van de Beek will eventually be able to prove his worth at Everton as he looks to stamp his authority on the club over the next few months.He was recently hailed by Toffees boss Frank Lampard, who insisted that he is still more than capable of performing at the highest level in spite of his struggles at United."I've been really impressed," Lampard told reporters when quizzed on Van de Beek last month. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE "On a professional level, since speaking to him, him coming and seeing him train, I am absolutely impressed with his fitness and his game sharpness."When you're watching training it doesn't surprise you. When I think back to the time he has had at Manchester United, he's a top level player."He was when Manchester United signed him and he was at Ajax. It's not easy. There are different ways of reacting and I'm sure it was tough."He has shown that if you keep your head down and keep working you can come through it." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here