It is understood that very little of the UK’s domestic fuel supply comes from Russia, and is unlikely to be affected by the Government’s sanctions against Russian imports in reaction to the conflict. The British Retail Consortium (BRC) told Express.co.uk that fuel prices will still rise, as the invasion is putting pressure on global prices. However, supermarkets continue to have “the best value-for-money” when it came to petrol. It follows reports last week that there were longer than average queues at some petrol stations in Hull, stoking fears of panic buying. A spokesperson for the BRC dispelled fears of fuel shortages, saying that stocks “remain high” and that there had been “no disruption” to deliveries. In the early hours of last Thursday, the Russian President ordered the invasion of Ukraine after months of mounting tensions. READ MORE: Fuel prices almost £2.20 per litre at London forecourt Ukrainian armed forces and civilians have held off the invading troops as the incursion enters its seventh day, but have reported tragic casualties as a result of Russian bombardments. As part of a raft of sanctions against Russia, the UK Government has prevented Russian-flagged vessels from docking at British ports, and has set limits on Russian goods. Meanwhile, Europe relies on Russia for around 35 to 40 percent of its energy supply, much of which flows through pipelines in Ukraine. According to figures from the Observatory of Economic Complexity from 2019, the UK’s imports of energy products from Russia amounted to $4.1billion (£3.1billion). In response to concerns that the conflict in Ukraine may cause a fuel shortage, the Government noted that in 2021 Russian gas imports made up less than 4 percent of the UK’s supply. It added: “In the case of diesel, UK demand is met by a combination of domestic production and imports from a diverse range of reliable suppliers beyond Russia including the Netherlands, Saudi Arabia, and USA. “Like other countries, the UK holds oil stocks in the unlikely event of a major oil supply disruption.” Express.co.uk understands that retailers saw a small uptick in petrol sales last week, but was entirely manageable. Unlike last year’s fuel shortages, supply had not been affected. DON'T MISS Sadiq Khan says London well prepared if Russia launches nuclear attack [INSIGHT] Nicola Sturgeon savaged for trying to 'weaken' NATO [REACTION] Boris Johnson threatened with sanctions by Chechnya [REPORT] Andrew Opie, director of food and sustainability at the BRC, commented: “The UK gets its petrol and diesel from a variety of sources, including domestic production. “While global oil prices are putting pressure on prices at the pump, supermarkets continue to offer the best value-for-money across petrol forecourts.” Speaking on behalf of retailers, he added: “Despite supermarket petrol stations seeing a rise in sales, fuel levels remain high with no disruption to daily deliveries. “While end of week sales are always higher as the public prepares for the weekend, some consumers may be trying to anticipate any future changes in oil prices.” The BRC said that the main risk to consumers was a rise in energy prices – which are already high as a result of inflation brought on by the coronavirus pandemic. A shop price index for the start of February found that inflation for non-food products rose to 1.3 percent in February – the highest since November 2011 – up from 0.9 percent in January. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine last week saw fuel prices hit record highs, with the RAC stating that the average price of petrol leapt to £1.51 a litre on Sunday. The BRC also warned that the cost of other products could rise as a result of the conflict, as Ukraine has been described as the “bread basket” of Europe. Ukraine is a key exporter of grain and seed oils, distributing around $15.9billion (£11.9billion) worldwide in 2019, according to OEC. While UK imports from Ukraine are small – around $691million (£519million) in 2019 – if supply of them were to be cut, it could drive global prices up. Helen Dickinson OBE, BRC chief executive, said today (Wednesday): “Price rises will be unwelcome news for households who already face falling disposable income because of the rise in national insurance and energy price caps.” However, “unfortunately, there are limits to the costs that retailers can absorb”. Last week, one leading economist warned that the invasion of Ukraine and the subsequent sanctions would “keep inflation higher for longer”. Julian Jessop, a former economist for the Treasury and fellow at the Institute for Economic Affairs, told this website that “indirect effects” of the attack would mean “it may take longer for [inflation] to fall than it would have otherwise done”.