US Army vice chief of staff general Jack Keane, sat down on LBC radio to talk about the NATO conference which took place earlier this week. Mr Keane discussed the possibility that Putin could deploy chemical biological weapons on the battlefield. Russian President Vladimir Putin has already used the highly condemned thermobaric weapons since the war started just over a month ago. The US Army chief acknowledged there had been no public policy declaration on the consequences Putin would face if he was to take such a barbaric action. Mr Keane said: "Listen I was very disappointed by the NATO summit. "I totally applaud the fact that they're going to increase by 40k troops in Eastern Europe. "And they're increasing sanctions and it seems like a sense of unity. "But on two big issues, it's got to be disappointing, there's no NATO public policy declaration.  JUST IN: Putin's 'biggest' Achilles' heel exposed as 'derided' Russian despot facing furious REVOLT Mr Keane added: "At the end of that summit to deal with this particular issue, chemical biological weapons and nuclear weapons which the Russians have been waving in front of our face now for almost 30 days. "What we need is... Think policy statement, not something that's left to a reporter to ask a question on. "And then you get a statement that you just repeated, which leads to more confirmation than anything else. "A much better statement, using my words... I don't want to put words into other people's mouths.  READ MORE: Mum left fuming after letter describes her 'active' four-year-old daughter as overweight "But with me, the use of any form of WMB would be unacceptable. Fear of the Russian military deploying chemical biological weapons has been heightened. Ukrainian outlet InformNapalm has warned that: "Our conclusions may sound premature or too apocalyptic, but after the missile attacks and bombing of civilian infrastructure in Ukraine, which the Russian army resorted to, we believe that it is necessary to make these data public and try to thwart any such intentions of Russia." And NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said in Brussels on Thursday: "We've tried to be very clear about the gravity of the use of any such chemical weapons. "These are agents that should never be employed and certainly not on the battlefield, as we are concerned Russia might."