Russian President Putin's tight grip on the Russia media has enabled him to create a prevailing narrative in his country. However, he has faced opposition since Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Marina Ovsyannikova, the Russian TV editor who interrupted a news broadcast to protest against the Ukraine war, said she needed to speak out after watching her employer, Channel One, spread “lies” about the invasion. She told ABC this week: “After a week of coverage of this situation, the atmosphere on the channel was so unpleasant that I realised that I could not go back there. “I could see what in reality was happening in Ukraine. And what we showed on our programmes was very different from what was going on in reality.” She was fined 30,000 roubles (£218) for her protest, and Putin's regime has tightened its grip on both the media and protest further since the start of the invasion. Russian media also has a history of covering other countries, including the UK, in peculiar ways. In April 2018, Russian media insinuated that the Queen is a heavy drinker as relations between Moscow and London deteriorated in the aftermath of the Salisbury attack. Aleksey Pushkov, a Russian politician, said the Queen approaches drinking like a "ceremony". He said of the Queen: "Before dinner she drinks a cocktail made from gin and another based on wine, with ice and lemon. "After the meal, she has a glass of wine with a bar of chocolate. She also drinks dry Martini. "At the end of the day, she likes to drink cool Champagne." The Russian politician also claimed the monarch was a "frequent brandy drinker". While appearing on Russian media, he also spoke to a so-called 'wine expert' about then-Prime Minister Theresa May. They said the way the Mrs May cupped her glass suggested she enjoys a Cognac. READ MORE: Civilians evacuated from besieged Mariupol ‘rivers of blood' The 'expert' added: "You will get drunk quicker and it is just not pleasant. "It means that May got used to another kind of glass — for Cognac." Dimitry Kiselev, another presenter, also discussed Mrs May's drinking technique on his show 'News of the Week' at the time. He said: “Then Madam Prime Minister urgently needed a drink. Red [wine] would do. “She gulped it down not caring about how she held the glass. “The glass is held not by the stem, as in polite society, but like a regular glass.” He also made an insulting remark about Mrs May's appearance, adding: “And here is the head of the British Government, Theresa May. DON'T MISS Russia TV pundit in explosive rant warning Europe of nuclear strikes [INSIGHT] Russian troops blighted by frostbite in invasion of Ukraine [ANALYSIS] Joe Biden 'making Vladimir Putin stronger' amid Ukraine invasion [INSIGHT] “She chose to deliver her most aggressive speech on Russia whilst generously displaying her tired white flesh.” The Russian media has also become a terrifying indication of how far the country's forces could go when it comes to military action in Europe. Last week, a panel debate show featured guests suggesting how Russia could invade NATO member states as well as Sweden, as reported by The Sun. Speaking live on TV channel Rossiya 1, retired Russian military Colonel Igor Korotchenko gestured to the map showing Gotland, Sweden's largest island with a population of around 58,595, circled in red. Colonel Korotchenko, formerly of the Russian General Staff and air force and currently a reserve officer, said at the start of the invasion "a massive Russian radio-electronic strike is inflicted' as 'all Nato radars go blind and see nothing". Colonel Korotchenko also explained how Russia would push up towards the Suwalki corridor, near the border of Poland and Lithuania, separating the two countries and blocking NATO reinforcements from the West. He added: "The astonished West and NATO will know that Russia declares a no-fly zone of 400km."