The Batman finally hits cinemas today, debuting Robert Pattinson as the Dark Knight against the likes of Paul Dano’s Riddler and Colin Farrell’s Penguin. After almost three hours of footage, the new DC blockbuster does include something of an end credits scene. WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD FOR THE BATMAN. The Batman’s end credits scene sees The Ridder’s green question mark appear before the text “Goodbye?” shows up. There’s then a sudden flash of the web address to Edward Nashton’s website, as featured in the movie, www.rataalada.com, referencing the Spanish for a rat with wings. Once on the website, his green text appears and says: “There you are. Let’s play a game, just me and you. You ready? Proceed?” This website has been around in a different form since last year teasing The Batman and at one point sharing Year One mugshots of the Dark Knight as drawn by the Gotham City Police Department. What follows are three riddles, so here’s how to solve them and then what comes next. The Riddler types: ‘Three correct answers and the truth will be exposed. Let’s get started.” One riddle is: “What was new, is new again. Rebirth. Restoration. Reformation. The answer is Renewal.” Another riddle is: “I am first a fraud or a trick. Or perhaps a blend of the two. That’s up to your misinterpretation.” The answer is Confusion. And a third riddle is: “Fear he who hides behind one.” The answer is Mask. After this, The Riddler types: “Let’s see what your hard work has revealed. [Click for reward].” When you click on the hyperlink a zip file labelled “What Am I?” downloads. To open the zip you need to enter the password: “promise”. Inside is a 30 second clip of Bruce’s late father Thomas Wayne in the footage of his mayoral campaign as seen previously seen in The Batman. The Riddler writes over the footage “Hush!”, followed by “The truth about Gotham”. Fans will remember in the movie that the Wayne family has a dark secret and Thomas asked Carmine Falcone to silence a reporter who was digging up dirt. This was taken literally by the mobster and the journalist was killed, which is not what Bruce’s father had wanted. Some fans wonder if Thomas Wayne was a member of the Court of Owls, an Illuminati like secret society from DC Comics of organised criminals among Gotham’s elite. Interestingly, in a recent interview, Pattinson himself seemed to imply that a sequel could well be focused on the group. Whatever the case, looking closely at the clues, all this could well be teasing a new Batman villain and we don’t mean Barry Keoghan’s Joker as seen in Arkham Asylum. As Looper point out, The Riddler’s video has the word “Hush”, which apart from implying a cover-up is also the name of a Batman villain. In the Batman: Hush comics, there’s a childhood friend of Bruce’s called Thomas Elliot. That’s the same surname as the journalist who was digging up dirt on Thomas Wayne. In the 2002-2003 storyline, Elliot takes on the Hush mantle to get revenge on Bruce as he blames his father for saving his parents’ lives when he was actually trying to kill them. Interestingly, it turns out he was working alongside The Riddler the whole time, who was the mastermind behind the whole thing. With this in mind, perhaps Elliott’s son will be Hush in The Batman 2 and will work alongside The Riddler in taking on Bruce. On top of all this, there’s still more to The Ridder’s website to decipher. DON'T MISSThe Batman: When is Robert Pattinson Batman movie set in DC universe? [SETTING]The Batman review: The world's greatest Batman [REVIEW]The Batman: Director Matt Reeves hits back at criticisms [MATT REEVES] If you return to The Ridder’s website after watching the video, he asks you: “Do you think Thomas Wayne is a good man?” If you say yes he replies: “You’re right to be untrusting of the rich and powerful who think they are great always hide secrets.” But if you say no, he replies: “Beware of absolute power. It corrupts unconditionally.” The next reward is some of Nashton’s scrawls in his own alphabet. There have been six of these pages in total and some clever fans have deciphered what they all say in the run-up to The Batman. They read in order: “Stay vigilant. More will be revealed. Expose more of Gotham. Enough questions. Come back soon. Maze of riddles.” With one letter still missing in the alphabet, we wouldn’t be surprised if The Riddler’s website updates again at some point in the future, especially around the announcement of a sequel. Maybe there will be a code that can be read with the full alphabet. For now, the villain teases: “There are no questions left. You’ve successfully solved my maze of riddles. Keep your eyes peeled for my return.” The Batman is out now in cinemas. SOURCE