Reform UK is the single brand for elections and we have a series of clear bold policies on our website in a document called “ Reform is Essential”. Our great nation could do so much better if it is better run and managed. Let’s make Britain Great Again! Our policies focus on cheaper energy, cutting taxes, zero waiting lists and securing borders. Yes, indeed we have launched a new campaign “Vote Power Not Poverty“ asking for a national debate and referendum on Boris’s Net Zero plans and also to push for shale gas, which is the treasure under our feet that the Tories refuse to use. It is worth the equivalent of our national debt and we all own it. Imagine having treasure under your floorboards at home to the value of your mortgage and deciding not to find a nice clean screwdriver to lift the floorboards! Boris Net Zero will impoverish the nation, the old will die colder poorer sooner whilst the young will be burdened with higher costs, fewer jobs and less money.  We have to look forwards and the name Reform UK does what it says on the tin. Yes, it will take time to build a new brand but we are fully committed and will stand approx 600 candidates at the next election, one of only five parties to do so. We have beaten the Lib Dems and Greens at two of the last three by-elections so we are making progress. We can legally have a complete renegotiation of the fishing deal at the end of the first phase, five years from December 2020. That is the moment when the unsustainable, unfair practices must be stopped.  If you are referring to people coming to live in the UK, then yes there should be a proper contribution period to justify being able to receive full benefits. I have frequently said that we welcome smart lawful immigration that helps our economy where we have skills shortages, but we must stop illegal immigration. Full stop. This means returning those coming across the Channel back to France, it means changing our relationship with the 1951 UN Convention on Refugees and reforming the Human Rights Act.  Yes except Northern Ireland. It’s not too late to apply, we have some 350 applicants already with many being allotted to specific seats. Clear: we should give the EU three weeks' notice that we are triggering the Article unless they accept the proposed changes by Lord Frost. The current situation is totally unacceptable. Sure the First past the Post is hard for small parties and we want to reform the Electoral System to Proportional Representation which is much fairer. Every vote then counts equally. However just because something is hard does not mean you should not try to improve and change things for the better. We have great ideas and policies and democracy works best when voters have more choice, more options.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Weak leadership, simple as that. Boris is just not brave or strong enough on the Northern Ireland Protocol. Lord David Frost resigned due to the many weaknesses in Boris’s policies, in particular around the Protocol. 