Killing Eve set a high bar for itself when it premiered back in 2018 with the show now having to try and raise to viewers' expectations in its continued instalments. Now in its fourth and final season, fans are struggling to get on board with the show, complaining about its pace and confusing storyline. With only a few more episodes to air, will viewers stick around to discover what is happening? A new episode drops on BBC iPlayer every Monday and Killing Eve fans who prefer to watch it live on BBC have to wait until the following Sunday to get their assassin fix. The most recent episode, A Rainbow in Beige Boots, saw Villanelle (played by Jodie Comer) attempting therapy to help curb her murderous ways and Eve (Sandra Oh) struggling with the push and pull she has with the killer. This season seems to be taking no prisoners with its punchy pace and multiple storylines intertwining, but it is turning some fans off of the show. As Eve continues to work towards finding the twelve, aligned with her new secret service teammate Yusuf (Robert Gilbert) and Carolyn Martens (Fiona Shaw) working in Russia, onlookers have been introduced to lots of new players this time around. Read More: Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns as Marlon Dingle discovers he has another child? Viewer @BooandJerry found it a bit overwhelming: "I have no idea what is going on anymore. Who are these new people? #KillingEve." @mishybabez_ felt the same: "This episode is confusing me. What is happening?? I'm lost #KillingEve." "How many more names are going to come up and should I be keeping track of all of them? #KillingEve," Gerard Mackay asked. Alexandra Denton had lost the plot: "Must admit, I'm a wee bit confused how we've went from the end of Series 3, with them both turning around and admitting they can't give each other up, to Eve just completely being done with and hating Villanelle. "Unless I missed something, there isn't any explanation. #KillingEve". (sic) Juliana Thomas was confused but still enjoyed the episode, describing: "I'm pretty sure at this point, I'm only watching #KillingEve for the amazing Sandra Oh. Because the plot has me confused as hell! "I'm so lost about who is working for whom, who is everybody, who is dead... but I'm still entertained!" Linda Holmes also decided to stick with it: "Well, it's not the same as the first two series, but I will keep watching #KillingEve." DON’T MISS…Emmerdale theory: Rishi Sharma's secret illness exposed in Manpreet Sharma twist? [SPOILERS]'I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on regret over Marian Brook role [LATEST]Coronation Street icon Bethany Platt to return for Adam Barlow's funeral?  [SPOILERS]  The reaction from weekend viewers throughout the season so far has not been overly positive, with spectators changing the channel on previous episodes. If fans stick around, the next episode is titled It's Agony and I'm Ravenous, with the synopsis stating: "Eve struggles to identify her lead in The Twelve. "Villanelle gets her mojo back – she decides to be good by embracing what she's good at – killing. Carolyn discovers an old acquaintance in Cuba and decides to go rogue." With the final season wrapped for the cast and creatives, fans want to know where they can next see their leading ladies again.  It's been reported Jodie has signed on to appear in a new HBO drama called Big Swiss. Big Swiss is based on Jen Beagin’s forthcoming sex therapy novel of the same name. Recently, Sandra voiced a character in the new animated Disney Plus film Turning Red which landed on the streaming platform earlier this month. Like its previous outings, season four of Killing Eve is made up of eight episodes. Killing Eve continues Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.