Mrs Hinch fans often share cleaning tips and tricks with one another on Facebook pages, which have been created in honour of the cleaning influencer. Mrs Hinch rose to fame thanks to her social media presence, and she now has four million – and counting – followers on Instagram. All sorts of cleaning tips and tricks are shared amongst Mrs Hinch fans, including how to get rid of limescale in toilets. On one Facebook page, with over 10,000 members, Natasha Saggs wrote: “Need advice on how to remove limescale in my toilets, I’ve used the tablets etc and not working.” The post was inundated with comments in minutes and other Mrs Hinch fans had a plethora of tips and tricks to share. Some pieces of advice included using natural cleaning methods, while other cleaning enthusiasts recommended using chemical products. READ MORE: 'Great product' to use daily on the toilet to prevent stains Karen Scott said: “Use Spirits of Salt – looks like water, put it down the loo and clouds a little. Leave for a few hours while you go out. Believe me it’s incredible and much cheaper than some others.” Emma Walsh agreed. She said: “Spirits of Salt. It’s so powerful so the room needs to be well ventilated.” Spirits of Salt can be found in any good homeware store and costs less than £3, depending on the size of the bottle. Lynne Williams recommended: “Use a loo brush to swoosh as much water away as you can, then dose with limescale remover and use a pumice to rub the scale away. Not pleasant, but rubber gauntlets help, also you can get a pumice on a longish handle, I think.” DON'T MISS:White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it [INSIGHT]Energy bill: ‘Ideal’ temperature to wash your clothes to save on bills [TIPS]Home interior: The ‘unappealing’ paint colours to avoid now - ‘dingy’ [EXPERT] Some Mrs Hinch fans advised using white vinegar. Jemma Smith wrote: “Empty the toilet as much as possible then fill with white vinegar. Leave over night – if it’s really bad you might need to do it twice.” Suzanne Bessent-Rothwell said: “Drain the water out and use vinegar.” Nikki House advised: “Rub a 2p coin on limescale, gets it done!” Kath Coops added: “A 2p piece.” Jonny Hammond commented: “Two litres of cheap cola, leave overnight.” Jani Tomlinson agreed. She said: “Can of coke. Leave overnight.” Coke cans cost less than a £1 in any supermarket. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Others recommended Black Harpic. Emma Roberts Storrie said: “Black Harpic and Black Harpic tablets.” Fiona Tugwell wrote: “The Harpic limescale remover (black bottle) is brilliant, I always use it when I need to clear the limescale away.” Amanda Sturdy added: “I used white wine vinegar and bicarbonate of soda left for a while, scrubbed then overnight I put in Harpic toilet tablet and in the morning my toilet was as good as new.”