In a last minute speech change, the Duke of Cambridge said that “we respect the decision of countries like the Bahamas, Jamaica and Belize when it comes to their future.” He said: “Next year, I know you all are looking forward to celebrating 50 years of Independence- your Golden Anniversary.  “And with Jamaica celebrating 60 years of Independence this year, and Belize celebrating 40 years of independence last year, I want to say this: ‘We support with pride and respect your decision about your future. Relationships evolve. Friendship endures’.” Jamaica's republican government is said to be “incredibly disappointed” that Prince William failed to apologise for Britain's historic role in the slave trade despite his humble address last night where he called it an “appalling atrocity” and a “stain on our history”. The Duke of Cambridge spoke out at the end of he and Kate's visit to Jamaica, where they were greeted like rock stars by the vast majority of the public but politicians used their presence to push forward their own campaign for a 2022 referendum to remove the Queen as head of state.  William also spoke of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in The Bahamas, and the “fond memories” she had of visiting the Caribbean. William continued: “Tonight, we gather to mark another milestone. “I am delighted to be able to convey to you all a message of good wishes from my grandmother, The Queen of The Bahamas, on the occasion of her Platinum Jubilee. “The Queen has fond memories of her many visits here to The Bahamas. READ MORE:Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's 'major misstep' split US fans  Prince William expressed his “profound sorrow” for slavery during a visit to Jamaica, though he stopped short of offering the apology demanded by protesters who are also seeking reparations for Britain’s role in the slave trade. He echoed the words of his father, the Prince of Wales, who described the slave trade as an “appalling atrocity” during a visit to Barbados last year, when that Caribbean nation severed its ties to the British crown and became a republic. “I want to express my profound sorrow,” William said. “Slavery was abhorrent, and it should never have happened.” The Bahamas National Reparations Committee has called for a full and formal apology from the British Royal Family on its role in slavery. In a strongly-worded open letter published on Tuesday, the Committee issued a call for an acknowledgment of slavery and reparations from the Royal Family and British Government.  