Jacqueline Lee "Jackie" Kennedy Onassis served as the first lady of the United States between 1961 and 1963. She was married to John F. Kennedy, until 1963, and much like the Duchess of Cambridge, all eyes were on her fashion choices. The Channel 5 royal documentary, Kate: Our Queen in Waiting, drew on comparisons between the two female figures. Author of 'Kensington Palace: An Intimate Memoir' Tom Quinn said: "what Catherine is doing to this era, in many ways, is what Jackie Kennedy did to her era. "It's fascinating, the parallel." He added: "We have to remember Jackie Kennedy changed the whole fashion style for women in America from frumpy fifties to a much more elegant look in the sixties." Narrator David Riley discussed how fashion watchers and newspaper critics alike have "followed her [Kate's] style choices every step of the way." READ MORE: Prince Philip memorial LIVE: 'Sour' BBC blasted for Philip coverage as royals pay tribute Even making note of when she and Prince William presented their children to the world, after their births, outside of the Lindo Wing in London, Mr Riley said: "Kate knew it was important she looked the part." Historian Dr Chandrika Kaul said: "We can see the effort that Kate put into looking her very best. "Being gracious and smiling, conscious that these were images that would be recorded for prosperity." Her outfit for leaving the hospital after having her first child, Prince George, was noted with comparison to Princess Diana's polka dot dress worn following the birth of Prince William in 1982. READ MORE: Prince George and Charlotte melt hearts as they shake hands with clergymen 'A natural!' Royal commentator Emily Andrews says of the comparison: "She knew that Princess Diana had done it and she even chose a dress, a polka dot dress that echoed a fashion choice that Diana had made when she came out of the Lindo Wing." Kate's sense of style on the recent royal tour of the Caribbean generated a positive reception on a trip marred with controversy. Kate and Prince William embarked on an 8-day tour of the Caribbean, which included three stops at Belize, Jamaica, and the Bahamas. During the trip, Kate wore a series of old and new pieces that showcased the best of British designers. DON'T MISS Kate and Wills’s show of support for Queen on emotional day [INSIGHT]Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie step out on emotional day for Royals [VIDEO]Princess Anne supports grieving Queen at Philip memorial [ANALYSIS] In regards to her style choices for the tour, the choice of colours were commented on. 9Honey’s royal reporter Natalie Oliveri noted Kate’s “diplomatic dressing”, as she carefully dressed to match the national colours of each country the Duke and Duchess were visiting. When the couple touched down at their first stop in Belize, Kate emerged from the plane in a royal blue Jenny Packham outfit. Landing at their second stop in Jamaica, she appeared wearing a bright yellow Roksanda dress, similar to that of the yellow in the Jamaican flag. During the rest of the trip, Kate donned a variety of brightly coloured outfits, including a vintage patterned 1950s style dress whilst playing football during a visit to Trench Town.