Will Smith, 53, was asked to leave the Oscars ceremony following an on-stage altercation with comedian Chris Rock, 57, at Sunday’s awards show, according to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Will reportedly refused to leave the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles, where the awards ceremony was being held. The Academy has also said it has initiated “disciplinary proceedings” against Will, in a statement released on Wednesday. Will slapped Chris, which was broadcast on live TV, after the comedian made a joke about Will’s wife’s shaved head. While on stage, Chris, who was there to present the award for Best Documentary, made a joke about Jada Pinkett Smith being in G.I. Jane 2. Jada, who has alopecia which causes hair loss, was visibly angered by the joke. READ MORE: Tony Rock insists Chris Rock and Will Smith not made up yet  She rolled her eyes when the comment was made. The controversial events of the night stunned the A-listers in attendance and also movie fans watching at home. Many called for Academy bosses to strip Will of the Best Actor award he won during the event. The King Richard actor has since issued a statement on social media, apologising to Chris. The Academy said in a statement: “The Board of Governors today initiated disciplinary proceedings against Mr Smith for violations of the Academy’s Standards of Conduct, including inappropriate physical contact, abusive or threatening behaviour, and compromising the integrity of the Academy.” The body also said: “Mr Smith was asked to leave the ceremony and refused, [but] we also recognize we could have handled the situation differently.” The actor is facing potential suspension or expulsion from the Academy following his behaviour. “Other sanctions” may be implemented against Will too. DON'T MISS:Liz Hurley absent from Shane Warne’s emotional memorial service [LATEST]Paul Herman dead: Goodfellas and Sopranos actor dies at 76 [NEWS]'Woke' Hollywood stars slammed for accepting $140k Oscars gift bags [UPDATE] Action may be taken against Will depending on their decision at the next board meeting on April 18. Chris has not publicly responded to Will’s apology or addressed the altercation yet. Rapper Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs, 52, claimed the two men had resolved any issues between them, saying: “That's over. “I can confirm that. It's all love. They're brothers.” But this has been disputed by Chris’ brother, Tony, in a Twitter post on Tuesday. In view of his 101,000 followers, Tony replied to a fellow social media user who had asked if Diddy was "lying", saying “Yep.” Express.co.uk has reached out to Chris' reps over Diddy's and Tony's comments. This follows the incident at the 94th Oscar Academy Awards ceremony on Sunday. 