Lewis Hamilton revealed he has received a letter from a 14-year-old boy who is on death row in Saudi Arabia ahead of this weekend's Grand Prix. The Formula 1 circuit heads to Jeddah this weekend, and Hamilton has spoken out about the controversies surrounding the host nation. It was reported that the Saudi state had executed 97 people over the last two weeks, and Hamilton admitted he had received contact from a young teenager who is witnessing the horrendous Saudi punishment first-hand. Speaking ahead of the race he described the situation as "mind-blowing". When asked about the controversies Hamilton said: “It’s mind-blowing to hear the stories. I’ve heard there has been a letter sent to me from a 14-year-old who is on death row. When you are 14, you still don’t know what the hell you are doing in life.” Throughout his career, Hamilton has been a strong campaigner for human rights across the globe, and he will ensure his message is once again heard loud and clear in Saudi this week. He continued: “We don’t decide where we go but I think we are duty-bound to try and do what we can while we are here.” JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton unhappy with F1 chiefs for Saudi Arabian GP changes “It’s not necessarily our responsibility but we try and do what we can. It’s important we try to educate ourselves and with the little bit of difference we can make, make sure we are doing something." He then went on to call for more action to be taken from the powers above: “Ultimately, it’s the responsibility of those who are in power to make the changes and we are not really seeing enough. So we need to see more,” he added. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton could quit F1 if Mercedes can't challenge for winsLeclerc tipped to replace Hamilton as Verstappen rivalry reignitedHamilton, Leclerc and Verstappen told to expect Saudi GP 'crash fest' “I’m always up for discussions and to find out why what should be happening is not happening. Look, it’s 2022 and it’s easy to make changes.” His comments come after it was confirmed 81 people were executed on the 12th of March. The United Nations’ High Commissioner for Human Rights, alleged that more than half of the 81 were murdered for taking part in pro-democracy protests. In spite of the controversies Sunday’s race will still go ahead, with the action kicking off at 6:00pm (GMT).