Huntley, 48, is serving two life sentences for the murder of Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman almost 20 years ago. The horrific killings, which shocked the nation, are being re-examined in a new Channel 5 documentary tonight. ‘Soham: The Murder of Holly & Jessica’ looks at the searches for the two-10-year-olds after they first went missing. Using news footage from the time, the three-parter looks at how Huntley and his girlfriend Maxine Carr, who is also behind bars, tried to influence the investigation. Huntley lured Holly and Jessica into his home in 2002, before murdering the pair and dumping their bodies in a ditch. The Grimsby-born killer was the caretaker at the school the girls attended in the Cambridgeshire market town of Soham. Huntley’s ex-girlfriend was a teaching assistant at the school and he told the girls she was inside his house when they walked past after they had been at a barbeque nearby. Several years after his arrest and conviction, Huntley was transferred from Wakefield prison to Frankland in 2008. It was there that he brushed shoulders with another notorious killer – Peter Sutcliffe. JUST IN: Pensioners at sheltered housing block furious with 'loud music and partying' The Yorkshire Ripper, who died in 2020, claimed he welcomed his fellow inmate “into his cell”. Sutcliffe made the extraordinary claim about his life behind bars in another Channel 5 documentary that aired last month. ‘The Ripper Speaks: The Lost Tapes’ featured secret recordings of the killer who murdered 13 women across northern England. Sutcliffe discussed one interaction he had with Huntley as he spoke to a woman known only as Brenda in a secretly recorded tape. He said: “Huntley came round to my cell the other day and asked me if I could show him the tub of Quality Streets I’d got ready for Christmas. “Word gets around quick, doesn’t it?” Sutcliffe began his sentence at Parkhurst in 1981, before being transferred to Broadmoor Hospital three years later after being diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia. While at the prison, the killer had been attacked with a broken coffee jar and was subsequently sectioned under the Mental Health Act. The hugely controversial decision to move Sutcliffe to Broadmoor involved the Home Secretary and was seen as an insult to the victims’ families. However, in 2016, a tribunal deemed he was no longer mentally ill and he was moved to Frankland in County Durham. DON'T MISS: Four gigantic US bombers arrive at UK airbase amid World War 3 fears [LATEST]POLL: Do YOU think UK should scrap Brexit border checks to allow Ukraine aid through? [INSIGHT]UK fishing industry hit with Brexit bureaucracy as red tapes throws business 'into chaos' [ANALYSIS] Sutcliffe was given Category A status at the high-security prison, meaning he was considered highly dangerous to the public. Mark Williams-Thomas, the journalist who presented the Channel 5 documentary, said the secret tapes used in the programme showed how the killer settled back into prison life after his years spent at the secure hospital. In one recording, Sutcliffe said: “I’m doing well. There’s a lot of good lads here. “I’m getting on well with everybody. “They bring me coffee, tea and stamps and stuff.” Brenda then asks Sutcliffe if the prison was as bad as he thought it would be after his transfer from hospital. He replies: “Oh no, it’s a lot better than Broadmoor.” ‘Soham: The Murder of Holly & Jessica’ airs on Channel 5 tonight from 9pm-10:30pm tonight.