Cormac Smith, blasted the Western response to the crisis, saying the people of Ukraine will “have to pay the price”. Speaking with Dan Wootton on GB News, Mr Smith got into an heated argument with Lord General Dannatt while discussing the ongoing situation in Ukraine.  Lord Dannatt said: “What he is doing is actually fundamentally wrong and he and those who are his military commandos, who are carrying out his orders, will in the fairness of time, and the price has to be paid, I am afraid, by the Ukrainian people. “But the price is going to be paid eventually by the Russian leaders. “Evidence is being gathered of the war crimes they are committing, and if any one of them survives this, they will go to a war-crimes tribunal and will follow the same fate that the others who have gone to the war-crimes tribunal have followed. “It doesn’t help the people in Kyiv tonight, it doesn’t help the people in Ukraine tonight.”  But before Lord Dannatt could complete his statement, he was interrupted by Mr Smith who was furious over Lord Dannatt’s comment. Mr Smith said: “We in the West do not have the right to standby and say ‘it’s unfortunate..this will take time and the poor Ukrainians going to have to pay the price’. “I have been saying for over a week now, I have been predicting because I lived among these people for two years, it’s no surprise to me the fight they have put up. “What I have been saying for the last week, I will predict Putin will never have Ukraine because they will fight to the last bullet and the last drop of blood.  READ MORE: Alastair Stewart sparks Remainer fury by slapping down Brexit claims “But my great fear is how many tens and thousands of innocent people will pay the price to prevent him and we simply do not have the right in the West to say ‘it’s unfortunate’ as you have said Lord Dannatt that Ukrainians are gonna have to pay the price.” Mr Smith then moved ahead and compared the crisis with the threat of Hitler in 1939. He said: “You said this morning that this was the most dangerous point in your 71 years on this planet. “Well, I am a little bit younger than you, I am 59 years on this planet and I have been saying this for some time.  DON'T MISS:‘Grim days ahead’ warns Boris Trump says Ukraine invasion ‘should never have happened’ Meghan Markle and Prince Harry win NAACP award “Our PM said on Sunday and reiterated again today that this was the closest he has seen in his lifetime to an absolute battle between good and evil. “This is our 1939 moment. The only difference is, in 1939, Hitler did not have six and a half thousand nuclear warheads.” Volodymyr Zelensky on Tuesday told his supporters around the globe that invader Vladimir Putin’s forces were war criminals killing “peaceful Ukrainian people”. Under-siege President Zelensky released a social media video in which he slammed Russia’s murderous aerial assault on the city of Kharkiv. It came as dozens of UN diplomats in Geneva spoke for the world by turning their backs on Russian minister Sergei Lavrov and walking out during a video address from Moscow. Mr Zelensky said: “Russian forces brutally fired on Kharkiv from jet artillery. It was clearly a war crime. There will be an international tribunal. “No one in the world will forgive you for killing peaceful Ukrainian people.” 