Paulette Hamilton comfortably retained Labour’s seat in the constituency polling 9,413 votes, amounting to 55 percent of ballots cast, compared to that of Conservative candidate Robert Alden, who accumulated 36 percent. The by-election comes following the sudden death of Labour MP Jack Dromey in January, who held the Birmingham seat since 2010. Ms Hamilton will become Birmingham’s first black female MP, winning a majority of 3,266. In her victory speech, Ms Hamilton said: "I’m truly humbled and honoured to be elected as a member of parliament. “I will not take your vote for granted, I have met many of you and I have heard what you have to say and I commit to you now, I will work for you… I will be your voice in Westminster.” Ms Hamiliton also thanked her Labour colleagues for their support "through four storms" during the campaign and her bereavement, as she suffered the death of her father at the start of her campaign.  READ MORE: Labour holds Birmingham Erdington but voter apathy sees turnout slump  She added: "I never thought I'd be running to be an MP, but the fact that I am now not only the MP for Erdington but the first black woman - the first woman to ever get the position - I am delighted and I am still pinching myself." Ms Hamilton has been a local councillor for more than 17 years, standing as the cabinet member for health and social care for Birmingham City Council. A mother of five, Ms Hamilton also worked for the NHS as a nurse for 25 years. She rejoined the healthcare frontline during the pandemic to support the vaccine rollout. A Labour spokesperson said: “In Paulette, the people of Birmingham Erdington have elected a great local champion. “We're delighted that this campaign has seen the first black MP elected from a Birmingham constituency.”  Twelve candidates stood in the election this year and the turnout was 27 percent, compared to 50.3 percent in the 2019 general election. Winning a total of 6,147 votes, Mr Alden, who has been jostling for the Birmingham Erdington seat for the past four general elections, said the low turnout was “a reflection Labour was not ready to govern". The Conservatives had been increasing their vote share over the years, making significant gains in the region while Ms Hamiliton’s predecessor, Mr Dromey had the seat. However, this has now marginally decreased again. DON'T MISS: 6 Russian oligarchs with links to Conservative Party [ANALYSIS] Hysterical Rejoiners MOCK Liz Truss after EU press conference ruined [INSIGHT]Royal Mail hikes prices of stamps - first and second class hit [BREAKING]    Mr Alden said: "This is a seat that has been Labour over the last 85 years... the fact the majority is so small here today is really a damning indictment of where the Labour Party is nationally.” However, the Labour spokesman said: “Increasing our vote share is a huge achievement and shows that with Keir Starmer's leadership, Labour is regaining the trust of voters in our traditional 'red wall' seats in the Midlands after the disastrous results of the 2019 general election. "Even in a traditionally low turnout seat with a well-known Tory candidate, we've seen a swing to Labour with voters backing Keir Starmer's contract for the British people based on security, prosperity and respect for all." 