As Petrol and diesel prices rocket to levels that are making them too expensive for many drivers to fill up, one knock on effect is that affordable electric vehicles that are much cheaper to run are becoming more sought after. Express.co.uk rounded up some of the best on offer and spoke exclusively to Erin Baker, Editorial Director at Auto Trader about the current market. 2015 BMW i3 - £14,500One of the first mass-market EVs, the BMW i3 only stopped production this year and still looks futuristic almost nine years after launch. While this early model suffers from a smaller battery that gives just 81 miles per charge, it’s quick, the interior is high-quality and you get the prestige badge. Boot space is small however so this may suit anyone living in the city without kids. 2016 Mercedes-Benz B250e - £16,500A very stylish way to do school runs without any emissions, the B250e improves on BMW’s offering with 125 miles per charge of range, but that’s still a long way below more recent cars. It’s practical though, with 500 litres of boot space and the drive system is borrowed from Tesla. Full leather interior, adaptive cruise and a sub 8 second 0-60 time make this a quality choice. READ MORE: 'About time' New speed camera catches red light jumpers 2018 VW E-Golf - £19,895By 2018 manufacturers had started to get some serious range per charge into their EVs, and that’s reflected in the e-golf, which will do 186 miles with a full battery. Otherwise it’s a standard modern Golf, meaning a good quality interior, great handling, a practical amount of boot space and some excellent safety features including city braking and adaptive cruise control. 2019 Nissan Leaf N-Connecta - £19,790While Nissan may not have the badge pull of the previous cars, the Leaf has class-leading reliability scores, and has been around longer than any other EVs.This model is less than three years old, it’s comfortable and easy to drive around town with decent speed. The interior feels dated though, despite luxury touches like heated rear seats. 2019 Hyundai Ioniq - £19.989Hyundai’s smart looking Ioniq 5 has been winning all kinds of awards lately, but it’s older predecessor is still worth looking at for less than 20k. While it won’t win prizes for styling, reliability is excellent and Hyundai’s warranty is the longest in the business. 174 miles of range per charge is decent and this model has nice features including a heated steering wheel, reverse camera and Apple car play. And if you absolutely must have a Tesla… 2014 Tesla Model S - £27,500This fairly high-mileage car is currently the cheapest Tesla you can buy on Autotrader, although it still breaks our strict £20,000 barrier. With 90,000 miles on the clock it has been driven a lot, but you’ll still benefit from the current styling, breakneck acceleration and Tesla’s market-leading charging network. This smart red example has full service history, some tech upgrades and just two owners. Erin Baker, Editorial Director at Auto Trader, said: “With fuel prices continuing to soar and with no indication of when they’ll fall, looking at a solution is crucial for consumers. Electric vehicles are an attractive option for motorists looking to keep daily running costs down, but the upfront cost of them is still a major barrier for the majority of car buyers. “On our marketplace, we’ve seen interest for electrics steadily wane, with the share of advert views falling from a high of 26 percent at the height of the fuel crisis in late September, to just 16 percent last month. "The current pinch at the pump is slowly reversing this decline, however, the average brand new EV is still 35 percent more expensive than a petrol or diesel car and even a 'cheaper' used option costs around £8,000 more. Add to the fact that the number of models available on Auto Trader priced under £20,000 fell from an already very low 11 in 2020 to just three in 2021, there’s very few EVs out there that fall within the realms of affordable for most consumers. "Until more can be done to reduce the 'green premium' they'll remain out of reach of all but the most affluent car buyer."