Stacey Solomon, 32, has gushed over her son as he wore pink to go to school for World Book Day. Leighton, nine, opted to dress up as the protagonist from David Walliams' children's book, The Boy In The Dress. The book is written by BGT judge David, and tells the story of a football-playing boy who gets expelled from school for wearing dresses. The book has since been adapted by the BBC. Leighton, imitating the protagonist, Dennis, could be seen posing in a photo with brother Rex, two, on Stacey’s Instagram. He tied his hair up in a tiny ponytail and posed in yellow boots with a football. READ MORE: Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby Stacey wrote in view of her five million followers: ”So glad I got to see them off this morning... “Leighton didn't tell me what he was going as so his dad ordered it and he surprised me this morning - it made my morning," she captioned the Instagram story. The star said that her son asked her to add it to her social media page as he was “pleased with it". She added: "He asked me to put it on my stories because he was so pleased with it. “Rex of course was only ever going to be a Dino or Spiderman. So he's in his PJs.” Stacey welcomed Leighton in 2012 with ex-fiancé Aaron Barham, with whom she split in 2014. Stacey shares Rex with fiancé Joe Swash. She also gave birth to the couple's second baby, Rose, in October. On being the stepfather of Stacey’s eldest children, Joe told The Sun last year: "You know, I love Stacey's boys. I love my boys. DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury says she's ‘lucky to be alive’ in new health update [UPDATE] Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [PHOTOS] ‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [INSIGHT] "I hate saying it like that because by saying that there's a separation. “I’m really honoured to be able to say I am their stepdad.” On Tuesday, Stacey took to her Instagram to explain her absence from home, away from Joe and her children. The Loose Women star said that she was busy filming for the next series of Bake Off: The Professionals alongside Liam Charles, Benoit Ben and Cherish Finden. She wrote on Instagram: “I’ve been so rubbish today. I just got back from Bake Off. “I’m staying here tonight, doing one more tomorrow and then I’m back home for a little while. “But I just sat down and started reading your messages, and so many of you are like, ‘Stace, your pancake looks like Lisa Simpson. (sic) “It actually does,” Stacey confirmed as she laughed.