Christine Jardine, Liberal Democrat MP for Edinburgh West, said that Ms Sturgeon’s words over the comments made by high-profile SNP politicians did not make the cut. Ms Sturgeon was forced to denounce comments made by the SNP's president, with the Scottish First Minister there was “no connection” between the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the campaign for Scottish independence. Mike Russell sparked fury when he insinuated that a potential Russian rule of Ukraine could be likened to Scotland’s membership of the United Kingdom. In a newspaper column, he said: “The right of people to choose how they are governed and by whom is an absolute and must be universally applied, respecting each and every democratic mandate. “Nor can that right be circumscribed by history – just because something was, doesn’t mean it will always continue to be so whether that be rule from Moscow, or the result of an eight-year-old referendum.” Earlier this week, fellow SNP politician Michelle Thomson MSP apologised after she posted a comment about the emergency application to join the EU pursued by Ukrainian President, Volodymyr Zelensky. She tweeted: “Just goes to show what political will can achieve. Remember this Scotland!” She then deleted the post from her social media, adding: “I noted and then tweeted something earlier that was insensitive regarding Ukraine. Like everyone, my first thoughts are sympathy for the people there. Apologies if I offended anyone." Ms Jardine called for a full apology from the SNP leader, denouncing the “unacceptable” links drawn between the Scottish constitution and the plight of Ukraine. She said: "I am disappointed that the SNP leadership has neither apologised nor moved to distance itself from the unacceptable and inappropriate comparison, between Scotland and Ukraine. READ MORE: Nicola Sturgeon sparks fury for 'recipe for disaster' energy plan "The people of Ukraine are fighting and dying to defend their country from a foreign aggressor. “They deserve so much better than to have their heartache manipulated as a political tool. "This disgraceful comparison also does a disservice to the people of Scotland who are showing their unstinting support for Ukraine on a daily basis. "I am proud of the expressions of support from so many, particularly in Edinburgh which is twinned with Kyiv, but the SNP must apologise."  DON'T MISS: FMQs LIVE: 'This is important' Fury as Sturgeon shuts down qs on £2bn [LIVE] Putin's jailed rival Navalny urges Russians to protest daily [REPORT]Brave freedom fighters will never bow to Putin - EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT] Ms Sturgeon attempted to dismiss the claims that strong parallels had been drawn, clarifying that there “is no connection between a war in Ukraine and the support and campaign for independence in Scotland". She continued: “What I think should unite all of us right now are some fundamental values, the values that underpin I think much of our democracy in Scotland – and certainly underpin my party and the independence movement – the commitment to democracy, freedom, the rule of international law and the value of the world coming together in solidarity. “These are the values that we hold dear and these are the values that people bravely in Ukraine are standing up for in the toughest imaginable circumstances." “But we should all remember right now this is about Ukraine fighting for these values and our responsibility is to do everything we can to support them.” But the remarks from Mr Russell and Ms Thomson attracted condemnation within the SNP itself, with one senior party source telling The Herald that the comments were “idiotic”. Another said: “The focus of every single politician should be on averting the looming humanitarian crisis in Ukraine. “Anyone trying to make domestic political points - about Scottish independence, Brexit, or anything else - should pause and reflect on what really matters just now.” A further party source added: "This does us no favours at all. It isn't something most people in the SNP are thinking about, so for both of them to actually say this in a public forum...it makes us all look completely deluded." The SNP were contacted for comment, and reiterated that Michelle Thomson apologised and deleted her Twitter post.