Manchester United have agreed a bumper new contract with playmaker Bruno Fernandes to secure the playmaker’s long-term future. An announcement expected in the coming weeks after talks between the two parties reached a positive conclusion. The Portugal international is currently away on international duty as he attempts to help his nation qualify for the World Cup. He played for 80 minutes as the Selecao beat Turkey 3-1 on Thursday in the play-off semi-final. They must now overcome North Macedonia to seal a place at the World Cup in Qatar, which begins in November. It is understood United agreed to delay the announcement until after the international break to allow Fernandes to focus his attention on his international exploits. Fernandes’ current deal was due to expire in the summer of 2025, but the club were keen to tie him down halfway through his contract to ward off potential suitors, amid reported interest from Real Madrid and Barcelona in the past. READ MORE: Next Man Utd boss has problem to solve involving Fernandes and Ronaldo Fernandes has scored 49 goals in 117 appearances for the Red Devils since arriving in a £46.5m deal from Sporting Lisbon in January 2020. While the 27-year-old’s performances have declined slightly in his third season at Old Trafford, the club wanted to reward him with a new and improved contract due to his overall impact. United offered Fernandes a new five-year contract worth around £240,000-a-week and talks were thought to have been stalled in January. However, The Times report that negotiations between the player’s representatives and United officials have progressed and an announcement is expected in the coming weeks. It marks a huge boost for the Red Devils, who may have been concerned about keeping Fernandes at the club. The Premier League giants saw their slim hopes of winning a trophy end in failure for a fifth consecutive season following their Champions League exit at the hands of Atletico Madrid. DON'T MISSMan Utd alarm bells as Ten Hag 'interested in separate offer'Phillips urged to snub Man Utd with Villa ‘readying £60m offer'Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks United are also at risk of missing out on a top-four finish, with Ralf Rangnick’s side currently sixth in the Premier League and four points behind Arsenal, who have a game in hand. The club look set to undergo a summer of upheaval with a new permanent manager coming in and several players expected to leave. United are resigned to losing Paul Pogba and Jesse Lingard on free transfers as their contracts are set to expire in June. With no agreement on the horizon to renew the pair’s deals, United will lose the pair for nothing. But there is now no risk of Fernandes repeating the trick of his United colleagues, with his commitment to the club showing that the club are capable of attracting and keeping top players at the club.