Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp claims the club are doing all they can to convince Mohamed Salah to sign a new contract. Salah is out of contract at Anfield at the end of next season. Klopp says the Egyptian has neither accepted or rejected an offer of a renewal. Salah has been in scintillating form in front of goal this season. The forward has scored 27 goals in all competitions in just 34 games for the Reds. He is running away with the Premier League Golden Boot as Liverpool compete on all fronts after winning the Carabao Cup last month. Salah is favourite to win the PFA Player of the Year award at the end of the season given his excellent form. JUST IN: Messi and Neymar break Pochettino's golden rule he installed at Tottenham  But it appears he is no closer to signing an extension to his contract. Speaking at his press conference on Friday, Klopp was asked if the signing of Luis Diaz in January can help convince Salah the club matches his ambitions. The German stopped short of saying Diaz could have an impact but said the owners are doing all they can to convince Salah to stay. Klopp said: "Mo definitely expects this club to be ambitious. We were in the last years and we are. DON'T MISSArsenal get worrying Takehiro Tomiyasu injury news amid Emile Smith Rowe update [NEWS]Cesar Azpilicueta becomes first Chelsea player to break silence over Roman Abramovich [INTERVIEW]Real Madrid to meet with Kylian Mbappe in 'next 10 days' after star 'rejects PSG contract' [GOSSIP]  "What's the question? If I think the signing of Luis Diaz helps Mo to make [a decision]? "Of course we cannot do much more but I don't think it's about that. It's Mo's decision pretty much. "The club did what the club can do. That's how it is, nothing bad to say about it. "It's all fine, from my point of view it's exactly like it should be in this moment in time.  "Nothing's happened further, no signing, no rejection or whatever. So we just have to wait for that, it's completely fine, it's no rush in that situation." Diaz joined Liverpool from Porto in January for an initial £37million. The Colombia international has had a fine start to life in England. He has already scored for his new club and played in the League Cup final win over Chelsea.  And Klopp admits he is surprised at how well Diaz has settled, saying: "Outstanding. Surprisingly quick. Everything like you wish for, that's how it is. "When you sign a player you never know how quick it will go. "I've seen many things that [shows] he can have an impact here and we saw that in the first moment. "But then there's still a difference between seeing it in training and bringing it on the pitch. "But you really get what you see in training, you get it in the games as well. Brilliant so far." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 