Several Met Office weather warnings are in place this weekend ahead of strong winds and heavy rain - with the potential of thunder - hitting the UK. While temperatures will remain mild for much of the country, weather maps show gusts of up to 60mph are forecast to hit some areas, accompanied by heavy rain. The first Met Office warning for wind is in force until 7pm today, with Brits told to prepare for fierce gales and heavy rain - especially across the south western coast. The Met Office writes: "A spell of wet and windy weather with coastal gales and heavy rain will develop during Saturday afternoon. "Gusts in coastal areas are likely to reach 50-55 mph and perhaps as high as 60 mph in the most exposed parts of Cornwall and southwest Wales. "Inland, gusts will tend to peak at 45-50 mph away from hills and mountains. Wind will then ease a little during the evening." Read More: US intel warns UK 'in frontline' of Russia nuclear attack The exact areas under the weather warning are South West England Wales For these areas, there is a risk of delays to transport routes, short-term loss of power and large waves impacting coastal areas. On Sunday there are further weather warnings spanning the country, with one across Scotland, another in Northern Ireland and the third across the southwest of England and Wales. The warning in the southwest of England comes into force at midnight and lasts until 12pm. Again there is the likelihood of gusts up to 50 to 60mph. The warning area includes South West England Wales The warning across Northern Ireland and Scotland is in place from 3am on Sunday to 2pm with the potential for "severe gales" reaching 65mph heading up the Irish Sea. The Met Office warns: "A swathe of strong winds are likely to track up the Irish Sea through Sunday. "Winds may reach 50-60 mph along mainly coastal districts, with the core of the stronger winds tracking northwards through Sunday over the region. "A small chance of winds exceeding this, possibly reaching severe gales along more exposed coastal regions with winds reaching 65 mph. This may lead to some poor coastal conditions and transport disruption." DON'T MISSUK storm today: What time will HUGE cyclone hit UK? [MAPS]UK weather warning: Britain to be hit by HUGE Atlantic storm TODAY [WARNING]Spain holiday warning: Canary Islands face weather warning [FORECAST] The affected areas are Northern Ireland SW Scotland, Lothian Borders Strathclyde Netweather forecasters have warned there's a potential for thunderstorms on Sunday. The forecasters say Sunday: "Will generally be a day of sunshine and scattered showers, the showers generally heaviest and most frequent in the southwest, where they may locally be accompanied by thunder. "Much of northern and eastern Scotland will stay dry, but a few showers will push into north-eastern districts late in the day. "It will continue warm for the time of year, with most places seeing highs between 12 and 14C."