Created by Downton Abbey mastermind, Julian Fellowes, The Gilded Age has fast become the must-watch new period drama for 2022. Even with Bridgerton season two coming to Netflix on Friday, the HBO drama has surpassed all expectations by amassing millions of fans tuning in live and on streaming each week. The Gilded Age’s first season finale gained an impressive 1.6 million viewers across HBO platforms on Monday night. This was a huge 54 percent markup from the season premiere in January, and shows the new historical drama has steadily been increasing in popularity over the weeks. Now the series has proved a sleeper hit for HBO, it could be expected to continue well into the future, having already been renewed for a second instalment. Series creator Julian’s new period saga follows Bertha Russell (played by Carrie Coon) making her way up through the ranks of high society in New York. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role Season one ended with Bertha on top after her grand ball, though there is plenty of hardship still to come for Marian Brook (Louisa Jacobson) and Peggy Scott (Denée Benton). While nearly half a million viewers tuned in for the premiere at the start of the year, each episode has seen a considerable increase in viewing figures. Not only did over a million and a half fans watch the finale live, the drama has also become one of the most-watched shows on HBO’s streaming platform, HBO Max. A total of 8.5 million people have watched the series across both platforms, according to the latest reports. The Gilded Age was not only the number one drama on HBO Max heading into the finale, but the streamer claimed it was the most social drama series across TV on Monday. Deadline also reported it was the number two most social series finale on premium cable and number three most social drama series finale across all of TV year-to-date Moreover, the Alicia Malone and Tom Meyers hosted The Official Gilded Age Podcast reached number one on the Apple After Show podcast chart, and number two across all TV and film. A second season was already confirmed to be in the works last month after the first episodes proved popular. DON'T MISS:The Conners delayed: ABC show off-air during season 5 uncertainty [UPDATE]Jason Donovan shrugs off Neighbours’ cancellation [COMMENT]BBC viewers slam ‘pointless’ Rishi Sunak interview [REACTION] Julian’s Downton follow-up has also gained a considerable following in the UK thanks to its availability on Sky Go and NOW. With period dramas becoming more popular than ever, thanks to the likes of Bridgerton and Outlander’s new seasons this year, historical dramas could enter a Gilded Age of their own if HBO decides to carry the series beyond season two. The series’ protagonist Bertha may be celebrating the news, but the finale concluded the first season with plenty of questions still unanswered and more drama undoubtedly still to come. In episode ten, Let the Tournament Begin, Peggy discovered her baby had actually survived birth and been unknowingly put up for adoption by her father. Peggy’s father Arthur (John Douglas Thompson) had forced her to annul her marriage, and couldn’t bear the thought of her living as a single mother. Thankfully, Peggy’s own mother, Dorothy (Audra McDonald), stood by her side and they both set off to Philadelphia to search for the missing child. Meanwhile, Marian was left heart-broken, but was assured by her aunt Ada Brook (Cynthia Nixon) that better days are still to come after being abandoned by Tom Raikes (Thomas Cocquerel), who she'd prepared to marry. The second season is now set to become one of the most highly anticipated TV events of the next couple of years, though fans will just have to sit tight for updates for the time being. The Gilded Age season 1 is available to stream on HBO Max in the USA and Sky Go and NOW in the UK.