Up to £608 could be claimed via Personal Independence Payments (PIP) depending on the conditions that one may have. There are roughly 2.8 million people in the country who could successfully apply for PIP, with applications taking on average six months. Out of all applicants, more than 35 percent could be entitled to the top rate of the benefit. Britons can receive PIP payments of between £23.70 and £152.15 every week to help them meet additional costs associated with having a disability. PIP is assessed by measuring how the condition affects someone’s ability to carry out daily tasks and moving around. This includes activities such as READ MORE: Premium Bonds: 'Time to ditch' as new bank account offers ‘better’ rate  People won’t be charged tax on the PIP they get. PIP itself isn't means-tested and doesn't discriminate based on savings or income. Certain applicants don’t need to have worked or paid National Insurance contributions to qualify either. To start a claim for PIP, people can call 0800 917 2222. State pensioners receiving PIP in certain parts of the country could be put onto a new payment by the DWP. What is known as the Adult Disability Payment is a new payment being issued in Scotland for working age adults under state pension age. Those eligible will be people who do not already get disability benefits from the DWP. However, individuals who currently receive disability benefits will have their awards moved to Social Security Scotland. This will take place from the end of August onwards. What is important is that there will not be any interruptions to a person’s award. They will not have to apply for the Adult Disability Payment in order to receive it. As such, in a similar way to PIP, this will include older people who have reached state pension age and currently get PIP or the legacy benefit Disability Living Allowance (DLA). Individuals can expect to receive a letter telling them what will happen with their payments. They therefore will not have to worry about taking any action when it comes to the matter. As long as people remain entitled to assistance, they will still be able to claim the payment after they reach state pension age.