Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge's Caribbean royal tour took place between March 19 and March 26. The couple made three stops on the tour, visiting Belize, Jamaica, and the Bahamas. However, the tour was marred as discussions arose as to whether the royal tour, particularly their second stop in Jamaica, was "set up" and "ill-timed". Speaking on Sky News, journalist and royal biographer Angela Levin said: "I thought the tour was very mixed actually. "I thought there was a lot of trying to set up William and Catherine." She added the "number one on that " was Jamaica's Prime Minister, Andrew Holness. Ms Levin said: "I have never known anyone to walk through a door, someone says hello and without them [Kate and William] sitting down or any niceties, taking them out of the public eye and the camera to say well, we are leaving. She continued: "I thought that was incredibly ill-timed", before adding that "it was obviously deliberate". READ MORE: 'There will be outrage' Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial Jamaica has been independent for almost six decades and will celebrate 60 years of independence in August. Speaking on this, Ms Levin stated that despite this, Jamaica "have always voted that they wanted to have the Queen as head of state." She adds: "So, it was up to them to get rid of her early if they wanted to so to do it in a sort of drama on stage was very poor". Although there has been no formal confirmation, the removal could be a “swift process” and could happen as early as August. Mr Holness spoke in December and said that there was “no question that Jamaica has to become a republic”. READ MORE: 'It's a major moment' Queen forced to give up traditional royal past-time due to age Speculation swept through the island nations, with many wanting to follow in Barbados’ footsteps and end their association with Britain as a colonial power. In November 2021, Her Majesty was formally removed as head of state in Barbados and Prince Charles was in attendance at the handover ceremony as guest of honour. The 95-year-old had been Barbados’ head of state since it became independent in 1966. Barbados was the first Commonwealth country to remove the Queen as the head of state in more than 30 years. DON'T MISS 'You think they're scroungers?' Brit erupts at Royal Family [VIDEO]Ukrainians forced to drink sewage water as Russian atrocities exposed [INTERVIEW]Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William tipped to 'take control' [LIVE BLOG] Before Barbados, the last nation to remove the Queen as head of state was Mauritius in 1992. The Cambridge's Caribbean tour to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee was billed as a royal charm offensive. It has been beset with controversy and helped renew for republican calls in Jamaica for complete independence from Britain. The Queen is not only head of state in the UK and Jamaica but also in 15 other countries, including Australia, Canada, and New Zealand.