Bruno Fernandes is not included in Manchester United's matchday squad to face Tottenham on Saturday evening. Only a handful of United players turned up at the Lowry hotel on Friday night after several reports of some stars testing positive for coronavirus.  Dean Henderson appeared in contention to take David de Gea's place as the Spaniard had was reportedly unavailable. But it's since emerged that De Gea produced a false positive, although there was some uncertainty on which players would be available for Ralf Rangnick for Saturday evening. Fernandes won't feature for United though after The Athletic broke the news that he was unavailable through illness. His illness also makes the 27-year-old a doubt for the crunch Champions League tie against Atletico Madrid on Tuesday. JUST IN: Man Utd warned Robert Lewandowski transfer hopes rest on Tottenham  United later confirmed their team news ahead of kick-off with De Gea named in the starting line-up. Scott McTominay was also not spotted arriving with the United squad at Old Trafford earlier in the day. And the Scotland international was not included in the matchday squad either, leaving Rangnick short of options in midfield. The United boss ended up going with a midfield three of Fred, Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba. DON'T MISS  Cristiano Ronaldo also made his return to the side after missing last week's derby against Manchester City with a reported hip issue. There were some reports this week that Ronaldo had in fact ruled himself out of the Manchester derby after learning that he wouldn't start. The superstar forward then flew to Portugal on Monday before returning in time for training on Tuesday. Rangnick was outspoken when Pogba jetted off to Dubai to continue his rehabilitation from a hamstring injury back in December.   But, while the United boss accepts he wasn't aware Ronaldo had gone back to Portugal, he refused to condemn his star striker. "As I said, it happened last week," Rangnick said. "I didn't know anything about that trip. It doesn't make sense now to waste energy and deal with it because the games we have to play now are too important. "I decided to put my focus on the upcoming games and not waste any energy with things that happened in the last six or seven days."