Silent Witness star Liz Carr has appeared on Saturday Kitchen a number of times before but despite this, her latest appearance on the daytime show caused quite a surprise to viewers watching at home. While introducing his guest, Matt revealed the actor was doing her make-up live on-air, causing the chef to stress: “You should’ve done this earlier.” Matt began: “Our special guest today is one of my all-time favourites guests, although you never know what she’s going to say next. The Witcher star followed with: “Good to be back. “I didn’t realise that since Covid, nobody was doing hair and make-up,” she said while applying her own beauty cosmetics. The celebrity cook asked: “So you’re just going to do that now during this link? He went on to say: "I mean, you should have done this earlier." READ MORE:Caroline Hawley husband: Who is the Bargain Hunt expert's husband? Liz told BBC viewers she was “going to start” on her make-up application while giving a short interview about her choices for Food Heaven and Hell. “You may not recognise me by 10,” she jested as Matt burst out into laughter. The presenter chuckled: “You carry on with that.” Taking to social media, fans gushed over the comedian, who has taken on a number of big TV roles, including Infinite and Crip Tales. Taking to Twitter, @briffat said: “You really make me chuckle Liz. We need to see more of you.” While @irene207 simply wrote: “@thelizcarr is my favourite guest!” (sic) One fan was pleased by her food choices after Liz claimed she wasn’t too keen on a sweet and sour mixture. @PerveenAkhtar beamed: “Loving @thelizcarr on #SaturdayKitchen “vegetables are fine if they are tempura” and she doesn’t agree with fruit in savoury dishes. They added: “Amen to that!” @katiespitfire called for Liz to be on the show for weeks to come, saying: “Can we just have @thelizcarr on @SaturdayKitchen every week. Thank you. 'Crumpets are just the vessel for hot butter’.” @SalPea confessed: “Watching #SaturdayKitchen and @thelizcarr has me laughing out loud. “What a super guest! Loving the banter.” Later on in the programme, the actor expressed her desire to take on a huge role in the next James Bond film franchise. Hoping to play the villain, Liz told Matt about the character she would like to play and how she would adapt the role. BBC audiences were left feeling excited by the prospect and showed their support to the actor. @IanWright16 praised: “@thelizcarr - Loving you on @SaturdayKitchen with @matt_tebbutt “Totally think that you being a Bond villain would be the best!! Has to happen! #LizCarrBondVillain.” Making reference to the film, @traindriverdave joked: “Ah, Mr Tebbutt, I've been expecting you.” Saturday Kitchen airs Saturday on BBC One at 10am