Harry Potter author JK Rowling has once again taken to Twitter to slam the Labour party for their comments over the definition of a woman. Taking to the micro-blogging platform, the best-selling author, 56, hit out at the Labour party's leader Keir Starmer, claiming that he's "unable to defend women" after he said that "trans women are women" in a new interview. Rowling's comments come after she fumed at the Chair of the Labour Party Anneliese Dodds, and claimed that the MP was unable to define what a woman is after a BBC appearance earlier in the week. Earlier today, Rowling tweeted a Daily Mail article about MP Lisa Townsend, slamming the backlash Townsend received for re-posting a tweet Rowling had written about women's rights in December 2021. Townsend's re-posting of the message sparked criticism from three men, including Conservative MP Crispin Blunt, who complained. It was then ruled that Townsend had not been "dignified or respectful" to trans people and was demanded to explain herself to the men who reported her over the tweet. Addressing the issue in view of her 13. million followers, Rowling fumed over Townsend being "intimidated" by the incident. READ MORE: BBC's Deborah James 'so sad' after being rushed back to hospital She wrote: "I don’t think our politicians have the slightest idea how much anger is building among women from all walks of life at the attempts to threaten and intimidate them out of speaking publicly about their own rights, their own bodies and their own lives. 1/3" The author added: "Among the thousands of letters and emails I’ve received are disillusioned members of Labour, the Greens, the Lib Dems and the SNP. "Women are scared, outraged and angry at the deaf ear turned to their well-founded concerns. But women are organising. 2/3" The final tweet in the thread read: "Now @Keir_Starmer publicly misrepresents equalities law, in yet another indication that the Labour Party can no longer be counted on to defend women’s rights. "But I repeat: women are organising across party lines, and their resolve and their anger are growing. 3/3" Her furious thread comes following Starmer's comments on the issue last night. The Labour leader said: "'A woman is a female adult and, in addition to that, trans women are women, and that is not just my view — that is actually the law." Speaking to The Times, the politician called for changes to the Gender Recognition Act so that transgender people can achieve legal recognition of their gender based on self-declaration. DON'T MISS... ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Elon Musk and ex-girlfriend Grimes secretly welcome second child [ANALYSIS]Dan Walker supports Louise Minchin over stalking ordeal [UPDATE] The changes would see them do so without needing a medical diagnosis. Earlier this week, Rowling hit out at Labour MP Anneliese Dodds over her definition of a woman, following the MPs appearance on BBC's Woman's Hour. Rowling claimed that Labour MP Anneliese, 43, was delivering mixed messages over the definition of a woman during her radio appearance, and Rowling didn't hesitate to fire back at Dodds [removed 'following'] after she tweeted a party video on International Women's Day which promised to "lift women up". The author wrote: "This morning you told the British public you literally can't define what a woman is. "What's the plan, lift up random objects until you find one that rattles?" Speaking to Emma Barnett on the BBC radio show, Dodds had said: "Well, I have to say that there are different definitions legally around what a woman actually is. "I mean, you look at the definition within the Equality Act, and I think it just says someone who is adult and female, I think, but then doesn’t see how you define either of those things. "I mean, obviously, that’s then you’ve got the biological definition, legal definition," she added, before going on to claim that "context" matters when it comes to the definition of a woman.