When Love Is Blind returned to Netflix for its second outing, fans were sent into meltdown. Hoping to match-make a group of singletons without ever seeing each other face-to-face, the programme has since become a hit with audiences who tune in to see if the contestants can find an emotional connection while unofficially meeting through pods. In the latest season, Natalie Lee and Shayne Jansen's relationship was thrown several curveballs and although their split had been confirmed, Natalie got back together with her former beau for “several months” after their emotional break-up scene at the altar. While viewers at home suspected their love story had come to an end, Natalie confessed they continued their engagement away from the spotlight. She explained: “A week after our wedding, we started dating again. “Maybe it’s not dating, we continued our engagement again. “We were together for several months,” she told People Magazine. READ MORE:The Last Kingdom season 5: Stiorra star on huge milestone Explaining how it came to an end, the reality star said: “I think at the end of it, we realised that we’re very different people with different needs and wants that we can’t fulfil for one another. “We did take a break in communication after that, just to get into a better place.” When the programme began to air, the show triggered the couple to get back in touch, putting their feelings aside. She said: “As the show came out, we reached back out to one another and just talked about the memories that we had.” If the season hadn’t been juicy enough, the streaming service announced a reunion episode that would act as a follow-up to see how the couples were doing. During the episode, tensions began to rise when Natalie broke down over her heated split while Shayne demanded an apology for the role she played. Shayne snapped: “You haven’t apologised on your side of the story, you haven’t owned up. “I take most of the blame, yes. But you’re sitting there saying this and that.” Later, Natalie insisted that she wasn’t “putting the blame on him”. “I obviously apologise for making you feel like you weren’t good enough. “Because I feel like you were more than enough,” she told Shayne. Although the couple had found, what seemed to be, an immense amount of love for each other, problems began to surface after a fellow contestant Shaina Hurley, confessed her loving feelings towards Shayne, despite being engaged to Kyle Abrams at the time.  Some fans of the show believed Shaina was on a mission to break up the lovebirds, which has since been denied by the TV star. Unfortunately, Natalie said no to Shayne at the wedding ceremony even after he said “I do.” Taking to social media, the 32-year-old real estate agent from Chicago praised his partner and thanked her for the memories, even though their time together was short. He wrote on Instagram: “To say I had a crazy week is an understatement! As I reflect back on the pods and my time in Mexico, I made some great connections and life long friends. “I want to make sure everyone knows that Natalie is incredible woman with a huge heart and I hope everyone stays tune to see how it all unfolds! I wouldn’t trade my time on this wild ride for anything.” (sic)