Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick admits last Sunday’s 4-1 thumping at the hands of Manchester City left him feeling as though he was in charge of “the worst team I ever coached”. The Red Devils were embarrassed by their noisy neighbours at the Etihad Stadium and were accused of “giving up” by some former players. Rangnick took the helm at Old Trafford in November following the sacking of previous boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. And the German won three of his first four Premier League matches in charge. But the Red Devils have endured an inconsistent run of form since the turn of the year and have only won five of their 11 top-flight matches in 2022. They were also knocked out of the FA Cup in the fourth round by Championship side Middlesbrough. Last weekend, United travelled across town to face the league leaders but were outplayed and then slammed for their performance. JUST IN: Man Utd urged to strip Harry Maguire of captaincy by former team-mate But the 13-time Premier League champions made amends for that defeat as they saw off Tottenham 3-2 at Old Trafford on Saturday courtesy of a hat-trick from Cristiano Ronaldo. After the victory over Spurs, Rangnick was asked about his team’s chances of winning the Champions League as they prepare to host Atletico Madrid in the second leg of their last 16 showdown. And the 63-year-old appeared astounded by the change of narrative around his side after revealing he was made to feel as though he was struggling to have an impact as boss just days earlier. “[Last] Sunday, I almost felt like we were at a funeral - that it was already dead and the end of the decade or whatever,” Rangnick said.   “It felt like it was the worst team I ever coached. “Now, after a 3-2 win against Tottenham, we're discussing our chances to win the Champions League. “Ask me that question should we reach the Champions League final. Right now, I don't really think it makes sense. “Today was the Premier League and, for us, almost a final. Had we not won, it would have been almost impossible to finish fourth. DON’T MISSArnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man UtdKylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chanceBarcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  “Now, we're still not in the best possible position, but we're still in the race. We're fully aware we can't afford to drop any more points - so we have to win almost all the games. “On Tuesday, we have the next final to try to proceed to the quarter-finals of the Champions League. “Everybody in this club - the fans, players, staff members, everybody - wants to be a part of the Champions League season after Tuesday. “We want to proceed to the next round and the quarter-finals.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 