Today, the Bank of England announced it would be increasing its base rate to 0.75 percent. This means rates are now at their highest level since the COVID-19 lockdown first began in March 2020. The decision comes amid rising levels of inflation which could hit a staggering eight percent in the coming months. However, while an increased interest rate could mean bad news for borrowers, those going down a particular retirement route may be happy. Experts have suggested today’s rate increase is likely to be beneficial for those planning to use an annuity. An annuity offers Britons a guaranteed and regular income in retirement, by purchasing the product with some or all of their pension pot. READ MORE: ‘It’s a joke!’ State pensioners demand reversal of triple lock freeze It will either pay an income for the rest of a person’s life, or for a specific set number of years. For those on the cusp of retirement, now could be an ideal time to make a choice on an annuity - but the matter should be thought about carefully. Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown said: “Today’s rate rise could hold better news for retirees planning to use an annuity for their retirement income. “Interest rate increases push up the gilt yields used to determine annuity rates, so we could get another bump in rates. DON'T MISSUkraine crisis sends pensions plummeting - the group of savers at risk [ANALYSIS]Britons drawn into HIGHER taxes in Rishi Sunak’s ‘stealth’ move [EXCLUSIVE]Universal Credit and PIP payment dates to change next month [UPDATE] “They’ve been on the up in recent months, which has come as a welcome relief after concerns about the pandemic and a possible no-deal Brexit sent gilt yields crashing in early 2020. “A 65-year-old man retiring with a £100,000 pension today can generate around £500 more a year from an annuity than he would have done at the start of the pandemic.” However, experts are not expecting an immediate rush for annuities off the back of this news. Annuity incomes are still fairly early, and some individuals may still wish to leave their pension invested - in a drawdown option. It is likely to take further uplifts to tempt retirees back to this previously common option. Ms Morrissey stated this would particularly be the case if individuals think further interest rate increases could be on the horizon. She added: “Once an annuity is bought it can’t be unwound and so people will be wary of locking into low rates. “Rather than annuitising your whole pension on one day it can be a good idea to buy annuities in slices throughout your retirement. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “This enables you to take advantage of higher rates as they become available.” Individuals who are making decisions about their pension will need to think carefully, as this is a major choice. Some will wish to consult the Government’s free advice service PensionWise, or use assistance such as MoneyHelper or Citizens Advice. Others will look for their own independent financial adviser to provide tailored help for their circumstances.