Seb (played by Harry Visinoni) was central to a hate crime storyline on Coronation Street last year as he was killed trying to protect his girlfriend, Nina Lucas (Mollie Gallagher). Abi Franklin (Sally Carman) lost her way in the aftermath of her son's death as she tried to murder Corey Brent (Maximus Evans) for taking her child away from her and she has also relapsed into her drug addiction. At the end of Sunday night's episode of the ITV soap it was revealed her one-night stand with Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo) resulted in her falling pregnant and her eldest child will have a link to the baby. Viewers were left surprised by the plot twist as it was thought back in January she wasn't pregnant after getting a negative result from a pregnancy test. She thought her affair would be a secret forever but her husband, Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell), discovered she had slept with someone before their wedding. No one knows it is Imran who she fell into bed with following the verdict of her son's murder trial but with a baby now part of the picture, it won't be long before the truth comes out. At first, the mother of four will try desperately to deny she has given birth to another child after feeling she let down her first three babies. However, as she begins to come out of her latest relapse into drugs and wants to be a mother to the newcomer, she will allow her eldest, Seb, to be a part of its life. READ MORE: The Holiday plot hole: Channel 5 viewers spot huge fail Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, the actress who plays Abi, Sally, unveiled the role Seb will play in her baby's life. "This is why she is so brilliant because regardless of everything in her life and every experience she's had telling her that she needs to just forget it. She's never going to succeed. Life's cruel and unkind. "She is dealt such horrendous blows and heart instantly opens to this child and she just is not even in control. "She just loves him straight away, she loves him and she [names him Alfie] after Seb's favourite teddy bear which is so sad," she revealed. Therefore, even though her eldest child is gone, he will live on forever through his youngest brother who is going to be in the middle of an explosive plot. After naming the child with a link to Seb, Abi will tell Imran he has a son, despite the lawyer planning a future with Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor). The latter is unable to have children naturally and therefore, she and her partner have turned to fostering over the past year. They are in the process of adopting their latest foster daughter when Abi gives birth to her baby and she will feel immense guilt over having Imran's child. Sally said: "She only admits it to him because she has to. "I think she would happily have nothing to do with him and she even says, 'I don't want anything off you,' [in terms of money]." DON'T MISS...Sally Dynevor health: Star had cancer symptom for '6 months' [COMMENT]Kate Ford health: Soap star reveals she's 'struggling' with condition [COMMENT]Corrie's Jack P Shepherd mortified after 'tapping' star on their bum [COMMENT] "There is huge guilt in regards to Toyah because Toyah has just come through and really helped her," Sally continued. "Abi recognises someone who goes the extra mile because there are not too many people who have done that for her. "She is blown away by Toyah's kindness and generosity and so there is that and that becomes a huge factor in all of this. "And it's a massive problem," the soap star added before explaining it is Toyah who ends up persuading Imran to help Abi fight for custody of her baby. "It's a really difficult because she actually did try and push Toyah away but she has her own issues of not being able to be a mother and she sees the opportunity to help." "But it's just horrendous because the more she trusts and bonds with Toyah, the harder it is to admit any of this," Sally added. "And she asks Imran and tells him he needs to say something to Toyah but it's just a mess and all over the place. "So she's kind of stuck between a rock and a hard place because is it in her interest to tell her? Is it not? Not telling her is done for all the right reasons. "But of course, none of them are right reasons. It's obviously going to come out but it's just one mess after another really. "This is something she's wanting to put off for as long as possible because she knows that, again, there is just going to be a horrendous fallout from it." Executive producer, Iain MacLeod, previously teased this twist to the tale at the start of the year as he said Abi and Imran were going to be big players on the cobbles. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other publications, he said: "The story coming up has got massive secrets in the middle of it all, which is some of the best stuff that we do. "I think the way the ticking time bomb goes off in this story, which won't be for many months into the new year, is entirely surprising. "We've just finished storylining it and it's big and shocking. I think it's probably the last thing you imagine will happen at the end of all this. "It starts off quite small and domestic – focusing on secrets and romantic intrigue – but it just turns into this gobsmacking cataclysm." Coronation Street currently airs Mondays, Wednesdays at 7:30pm and 8:30pm and Fridays at 7:30pm for an hour on ITV.