Prime Minister Boris Johnson faced outrage from his own MPs earlier this year after he became engulfed in the row, accused of attending the gatherings. He faced calls from his backbenchers to resign if he was found guilty to have broken his own lockdown rules with multiple MPs submitted letters of no confidence in the Tory leader. Pressure on the Prime Minister had eased in recent weeks as Russia's invasion of Ukraine took priority. However, the new development in the Met Police's investigation risks once again resurfacing the row. More than 100 questionnaires have so far been sent out by the Met Police, including to the Prime Minister asking recipients about their alleged involvement as they seek to establish the facts about the alleged parties. The force said that no fixed term penalty fines had so far been issued but key witnesses were now being interviewed. READ MORE: 'Brexit La La Land' Former Finnish PM in stunning attack against UK  The statement said: "Detectives investigating allegations of breaches of Covid-19 regulations in Downing Street and Whitehall have begun to interview people, as witnesses, as part of their ongoing enquiries. "In addition to the detailed review of all available material, including returned questionnaires, detectives from the Operation Hillman investigation team have started interviewing key witnesses. "As a result of responses so far, further individuals have been identified and questionnaires sent to them. "As the investigation continues, we may need to contact more people as further information comes to light." It is not known who has been interviewed by the force over the allegations. Their continued investigation into the row comes while Mr Johnson looks to lead international efforts to combat Vladimir Putin. DON'T MISS:MPs vow to take on Patel over immigration bill TOMORROW [WARNING]Putin sparks Tory civil war as PM furious with Sunak's 'resistance' [REACTION]Boris boost as Ukraine favours UK military pact over NATO- poll [UPDATE]  He is seeking to coordinate the West's response to the Kremlin's actions to stop Moscow from going any further in its attacks. There are concerns if Putin is successful ini taking control of Ukraine he could wage war on other Eastern European countries that were formerly under the control of the USSR. While Met Police officers continue to spend hours looking into the accusations of parties dating back over a year ago, those Conservatives who were calling for Mr Johnson to quit have withdrawn their letters of no confidence because of the seriousness of the Ukraine situation. Scottish Tory leader Douglas Ross, who was among the first to put his letter in, said: "The middle of an international crisis is not the time to be discussing resignations, unless it’s the removal from office of Vladimir Putin.  "There will be a time and place to debate partygate but, as even Keir Starmer said at the weekend, we should put that on pause while there is war in Europe. "It’s essential that we all fully support what the UK Government is doing. "In light of Russia’s appalling actions, the government and Prime Minister need our backing, and they have mine and the whole Scottish Conservative party. "We should all be focused on what we can do to help the Ukrainian people in any capacity." No10 has refused to comment on the Met Police inquiry while officers are still investigating. 