Kate, 40, wore her hair in a sleek slicked-back style at an evening reception hosted in Belize, which forms part of the Cambridges’ eight-day Royal Tour. Planned tour stops for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge include visits to Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas. On Monday, March 21, Kate and her husband Prince William, 39, attended an evening reception hosted by the Governor-General of Belize. For the occasion, Kate wore a sparkling pink dress by the British brand The Vampire's Wife. But it was her hairstyle that attracted the attention of Royal fans, as it was a massive deviation from her usual do. Traditionally Kate wears her long hair loose about her shoulders which was an unusual feat for royal women as often others including Princess Anne have worn their hair up, while the Queen and Princess Diana had their hair styled short.  However, for Monday’s reception, Kate wore her hair in a centre parting and pulled tightly behind the ears. The style is favoured by Meghan who debuted an identical style at the Mountbatten Music Festival at the Royal Albert Hall in 2020 with Prince Harry. Kate came under fire by fans of the Sussexes for the hairstyle, with many claiming she was copying the Duchess of Sussex. One called Beth wrote: “Notice how her hair is straight like Meghan does?” While another added: “That hair is giving me Meghan vibes. Doesn't Kate usually have curls up to her jaw line? Looks copycat to me.” A third wrote: “The middle parting of the hair...never has she ever before”, before another chimed in to add: “#KopyKat strikes again. This is a momentous occasion - the first time #KateMiddleton has EVER had sleek hair.” READ MORE: Kate and William 'never cease to amaze' -royal fans gush at Cambridges Lucinha added: “My God. she tries to be Meghan in everything.” Another also pointed out that Kate appeared to be wearing earrings that were similar in style to ones Meghan had worn previously. A fan page for the Sussexes called ‘ArchiesServants’ shared a comparison snap of the two royal women, and captioned it with: “After wearing Diana's earrings for 10 years, she's updating to Meghan's style. What time are those How to Meghan classes?” In response, Tasha wrote: “I’m shooketh. #CopyKate” while Jo added: “Kopy Kate strikes again”. Another added: “KopyKate/DupliKate has been studying Meghan's every look. What a crying shame !!” DON'T MISS Kate & William's tour faces more issues ahead of Bahamas visit [INSIGHT] Prince Harry 'so fragile' as security claims caused 'hurt' [REVEAL] Dr Shola rages at Kate and William as touch down in Jamaica [REPORT] Others rushed to the defence of the Duchess of Cambridge, including one fan who wrote: “Can we stop this comparisons please? One doesn’t have the right to specific things. I wish we would stop.” Another added: “How does this look the same? #RoyalVisitBelize”. A third called Linda: “Well blow me down! I didn’t realise that no one other than Meghan has ever had sleek hair before!” During her time in the spotlight, Meghan’s hair, like Kate’s has gone through many style changes over the years. The Duchess of Sussex often favours a tightly slicked back look either pulled into a bun at the back of the head or left loose to fall down the neck for events. At the 2022 NAACP Image Awards recently, Meghan appeared on stage with her husband to accept the prestigious President's Award wearing her hair in waves across one shoulder. The style is similar to one loved by Kate, who wore her own locks in this style to the Earthshot Prize Awards ceremony.