Countryfile presenter Julia Bradbury has taken to Twitter to condemn Russian president Vladimir Putin for his style of "leadership". Posting a snap portraying the stark contrast of leadership between the Russian leader and Ukraine president Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the BBC presenter, 51, continued to post about ongoing conflict in Ukraine. The star shared an Instagram post from CNN reporter Ana Navarro-Cardenas, depicting the two men's leadership styles in view of her 165,000 followers. Julia simply wrote "Leadership", while the CNN writer penned: "Ukrainian President Zelensky's leadership vs Paranoid Puto Putin's 'leadership'." In the picture, Ukraine's leader could be seen sitting around a table with his fellow soldiers while laughing and enjoying a meal. However, the picture below depicted a very different scene. READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award It showed Putin sitting at one end of an obscenely long table, while the people he was interacting with sat far down the end. After sharing the picture, Julia's followers were quick to share their thoughts on the image. Twitter user Gordon Hession wrote: "For sure, little man at a big table...a bigger man at a small table...picture describes it well." Tommy Kirk added: "A true leader - I wonder how many of ours would do the same. I somehow think they might be running in the other direction or in the underground bunkers." While Mike Lovell penned: "Imagine being so paranoid about being assassinated, that you build a table so long you can sit a football field away." Julia's tweet comes days after she branded the conflict in Ukraine as "truly shocking and unimaginable". Sharing a poignant message to social media, the presenter addressed the situation as she contemplated things during an outdoor walk. She posted a photo of her stroll in some sand dunes on Saturday morning. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan bids farewell after 'ruffling feathers' in new project [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics [ANALYSIS]Eamonn Holmes shares 'painful and exhausting' health insight [UPDATE] The presenter was decked out in her walking gear and told her 165,000 followers: “Always good to feel the wind in your hair but my head is full, and my heart is heavy, considering the pain and turmoil that Ukraine is going through." The This Morning star then pleaded: “I hope the world does the right thing. “What's happening now is truly shocking and unimaginable in the 21st Century," she ended her post. It comes as Zelenskyy refused offers from the American government to leave the country, to avoid being targeted by Russian forces. Days ago, the Ukraine leader defiantly pledged to remain in charge of his government in the face of huge personal risk. He said: "According to the information we have, the enemy has marked me as target No. 1, my family as target No. 2,” he told Ukrainians in an early-morning address. “They want to destroy Ukraine politically by destroying the head of state. "I remain in the capital, my family is also in Ukraine," he added.