Millions of people may be due a £25 cash boost to help towards energy bills. The payment is made by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to people on certain benefits.  People can access a payment of £25 if the average temperature in their area is recorded as, or forecast to be, zero degrees celsius for seven consecutive days. The scheme runs between November 1 and March 31. With less than two weeks to go, Britons are encouraged to check if they are due payment. The scheme pays those on a low income £25 for every week of extreme cold weather. The DWP has made Cold Weather Payments to over three million households so far with some areas receiving triple payments of £75. READ MORE: ‘Incredibly lucky’ - ‘The most successful’ business on Dragons’ Den - revenue over £14m If it has and they are yet to receive any money - they should get in touch with their local benefits office. Doing so now should mean that they receive the money before the scheme comes to an end on March 31. Britons receiving any one of six state benefits should qualify for these extra payments. Millions of Britons on Pension Credit and Universal Credit will be eligible for a Cold Weather Payment to help them get through the cold winter months. Those who are eligible should receive a payment within two weeks. However, some people may fall through the gaps and are being urged to check whether they should have received a payment. Meanwhile, millions of Britons are eligible for Pension Credit, Universal Credit, Income Support, Jobseeker's Allowance and ESA but don’t claim. To check eligibility for this vital Government support, people can use a benefits calculator. This could add up to thousands over the course of a year, not to mention additional help through things like free prescriptions. It is quick and simple to work out if someone could claim and there is a benefits calculator on the Government's website. In the next couple of weeks, British households will see an increase in bills and many will be wondering how they can pay some of their bills. The cold payment scheme cash boost could be a vital lifeline for those on low incomes, and relieve some financial pressure.