Russian shelling is preventing the evacuation of civilians from Kyiv, Mariupol, Sumy, Kharkiv, Volnovakha and Mykolayiv, Ukraine’s foreign ministry has said. They said in a statement: “This prevents the safe passage of humanitarian columns with Ukrainian and foreign citizens, as well as the delivery of medicines and food. The ministry called on foreign leaders to force Russia to observe a ceasefire to prevent what it said could be a humanitarian catastrophe. While Moscow's aggression continues to escalate, the Russian forces have also struggled on the ground.  Ukrainian MP, Sviatoslav Yurash, tells Express.co.uk that Russian vehicles are being "destroyed" with the help of Western weapons. He said: "The weapons that have been provided to us have been put to good use here. "We have seen the Russian tanks, Russian machinery and and their heavy equipment being destroyed by the weapons the West helped to provide. "The fact of the matter is all of this is welcome, but what everybody talks about is a no-fly zone because the Russians have a numerical advantage in the skies, and because of that they are conducting bombing campaigns all over the country "To try and stop that we need the West and the world to take a stand here, and say to the Russians they cannot conduct air campaigns." In recent days there have also been reports of a 40 mile long Russian convoy stalling north of Kyiv. A Western official said that the “enormously large traffic jam” was partly the result of damaged or destroyed vehicles blocking the road, presenting Russia with “a real problem passing logistics forward to enable that force to actually move at pace”. They said: “That force has really not made any significant progress now for a number of days.” The capital Kyiv continues to be encircled, but remains under Ukrainian control. In a video released by Ukrainian officials, the remorseful soldier explained how state media painted Ukraine as a country in need of rescuing from the grip of nationalists and "Nazis". He said: "Literally I'm 100 percent wrong now. Don't judge too harshly. We were told Ukraine is dominated by fascists... Nazis had seized power. We did not know the situation for sure. READ MORE: Verhofstadt renews calls for EU army in face of Putin threat "When we entered this territory I watched the address of your boxers (Olexander Usyk and Vasily Lomachenko). Back home I always loved watching them. "They said 'we didn't call you here'. I feel shame that we came to this country." The violence inflicted on the people of Ukraine has provoked the leaders in Kyiv to push for EU and NATO membership. Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy officially signed an EU membership application on Feb. 28, four days after Russia invaded his country. Eight member states signed a letter supporting an accelerated ascension process for Ukraine, which could further speed up its integration of economic and energy systems with Europe. DON'T MISS Truss opens door for new EU deal as she swerves question FOUR times [INSIGHT] Inside the staggering losses of Russia's oligarchs [ANALYSIS] Vladimir Putin signed law to allow him to stay in power until 2036 [INSIGHT] But President of the European Commission, Ursula von der Leyen, warned it is difficult to say how long the process to admit Ukraine will take, but that it will take "due time" to complete. Mr Yurash tells Express.co.uk that Ukraine has done enough to prove itself worthy of membership for both blocs. He added: "I think Ukraine is showing that it is more than ready for NATO and EU membership. "Ukraine has been making the case for years to join the EU and NATO. Ukraine has shown time and time again that we are ready. "It is time to do the obvious – return Ukraine to the family of European nations."