Arsenal are on course to have a big push towards Champions League qualification this season. If the Gunners do qualify for Europe's elite club competition, they will find it easier to bring in summer transfer targets. Express Sport takes a look at how Mikel Arteta could line up with three new signings. Aaron Ramsdale has cemented his position as the club's No 1 for the time being. Bernd Leno is almost certain to leave in the summer as he seeks more regular game time again ahead of the World Cup later this year. USA international Matt Turner will join Arsenal as Ramsdale's understudy. But the England international has plenty of credit in the bank before he loses his place in the team. JUST IN: Man Utd have 'submitted transfer offer' as Harry Maguire faces being replaced  The defence sees two changes from what Arteta has preferred this season. Nottingham Forest loanee Djed Spence is a target for the Gunners and would provide a different option at right-back to Takehiro Tomiyasu. Tomiyasu has had a fine start to life at the Emirates but the more attacking Spence could be preferred in some matches. Ben White has played more minutes than any other Arsenal player in the Premier League this season and is starting to show why he cost £50million. DON'T MISSRoman Abramovich brushed Chelsea star aside 'Don't want to see your face' [INTERVIEW]Man Utd’s amazing XI if Carlo Ancelotti takes over and signs three players [OPINION]Man Utd set to begin undoing the mistakes of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer by replacing two 'flops' [REPORT]  He could have a new partner next season once William Saliba returns from his loan at Marseille. Saliba has impressed in Ligue 1 and will be vying for a starting spot with Gabriel. Kieran Tierney is still very much the first-choice left-back for Arteta. As pointed out by football.london, Arteta has previously stated his desire to switch to a 4-3-3 formation when he has the players to do so. The signing of a midfielder like Fabian Ruiz could enable him to do that.  Napoli star Fabian is linked with a move to the Emirates, with his contract set to expire at the end of next season. With Granit Xhaka again linked with a move to Roma, Fabian appears to be one of the top targets to replace him. Thomas Partey is starting to show why Arsenal activated his £45million release clause 18 months ago. Martin Odegaard can make up the midfield trio and be the one to venture further forward. Arsenal need a striker and Dominic Calvert-Lewin is liked by people at the Emirates.  Everton will not want to sell their star forward cheaply, with three-and-a-half years still remaining on his Goodison Park contract. But at 24, Calvert-Lewin could be the perfect profile of striker for Arteta. Bukayo Saka is a nailed-on starter when available, most likely off the right. Emile Smith Rowe and Gabriel Martinelli will be competing for a starting spot off the left. How Arsenal could line up next season: Ramsdale; Spence, White, Saliba, Tierney; Odegaard, Partey, Fabian; Saka, Calvert-Lewin, Smith Rowe. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 