Russia has tried and failed to capture the village of the Chornobaevka ten times, according to Ukrainian presidential adviser Aleksey Arestovich. Videos shared by Ukrainian officials online showed the "tenth defeat of the Russian invaders in Chornobaevka". The continued failures to capture the village comes as Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said last night that his country's forces had "dealt powerful blows" to the Russian military. Mr Arestovich told a press conference that Russian troops had tried to take Chornobaevka for the tenth time, but the assault again ended in failure. Following this, the head of the nearby Mykolaiv Regional State Administration Vitaly Kim published a video showing "the defeat" as explosions erupt on the outskirts of the village. The resolute village has become famous in Ukraine for its defence, as President Zelensky commended Chornobaivka last weekend for fending off six invasions at the time. He said: "Ukrainian Chornobaivka will go down in war history. This is a place where the Russian military and their commanders have shown themselves for who they truly are - incompetent, capable of simply handing over their people for slaughter. "Our military has annihilated the invaders near Chornobaivka six times. "Six times, yet they keep coming back." JUST IN: Putin on brink of major RETREAT in Kyiv Online users ridiculed the latest Russian failures and hailed the Ukrainian defiance, with one Reddit user remarking: "At some point, I think every military intelligence outfit looking at this must be wondering how bad the rot is in the Russian military." One user visavillem added: "So this is the 10th time. Are Russians trying to bait Ukrainians to waste ammo with some obsolete/broken equipment, or are they really so stupid, that they keep stepping on the same rake again and again?" Another user on Reddit adfgqert posted: "The Ukrainian people have resolve and determination that is beyond what I think is normal. "Beyond inspirational and they bring fighting for what they believe in to a new level for me." This comes amid ongoing setbacks for Russian military forces in the south of the country. Earlier this week, it was reported that Russia had withdrawn most of its helicopters from a strategic airport in Kherson, in southern Ukraine, according to satellite images. The apparent retreat comes as Pentagon officials confirmed overnight that the "Ukrainians are trying to take Kherson back". Kherson was the first major city to be overwhelmed by Russian forces in the early days of the war. However, Russia has failed to capture the region as a whole, including the village of Chornobaivka. US Pentagon officials said last night that the country’s only major city seized by Russian troops was once again “contested territory". DON'T MISS: BBC blasted for wasting time on 'dumbed down' TikTok [REACTION]Sturgeon savaged for trying to ‘score political points’ with Ukraine [VIDEO]Ukraine LIVE: Putin war unravels as 7th general dies [LIVE BLOG] Kherson has also been the site of several local protests against the occupying Russian soldiers. The official said: "We can’t corroborate exactly who is in control of Kherson but the point is, it doesn’t appear to be as solidly in Russian control as it was before. "That would make it very, very difficult for them to make any kind of ground movement on Odesa. "That would be a significant development, no question about that, in terms of the southern part of the war."