Friends of the former gymnast have reportedly begged for her to go back to Moscow and persuade Putin to end the war in Ukraine. The 38-year-old, who is rumoured to have four children with the Russian leader, hasn't faced any sanctions unlike some of Putin's other close contacts. Her friends are said to be hopeful she can stop the brutal attack on Ukraine and end the bloodshed. It comes after tens of thousands of people signed a petition to get Kabaeva expelled from Switzerland and out of hiding. A source told Page Six: “Alina’s female friends are begging her to fly to Putin and persuade him to end the war. “He doesn’t seem to be listening to anybody, but perhaps he might listen to her.”  But the source claims Kabaeva is worried about how Putin will react and she also fears she will not get back to safety with her kids if she goes back to Russia. The insider said Putin is "surrounded by rings and rings of security", and "Alina says she doesn’t know if she can get to him – and even if she does – she doesn’t know if she’ll be able to get out again to be with their kids.” Despite being rumoured as Putin's lover and mother to his children, the West has so far not sanctioned her even though she is the chair of the National Media Group - a major pro-Kremlin newspaper. She also reportedly earns an annual salary of £8million.  READ MORE: Russian ambassador's chilling warning to NATO with hint at 'plans' The former gymnast has been likened to Eva Braun - Hitler's mistress - in a petition signed by almost 60,000 people. The petition, which was organised by a group of anti-Kremlin Russians, Belarusians and Ukrainians, reads: “It’s time you reunite Eva Braun with her Führer". The change.org petition was aimed at Swiss authorities whom they ask why "given the volumes of sanctions placed on Russia" they continue to host her and her family at a time when Putin “is destroying the lives of millions”. It said: “Despite the current war, Switzerland continues to host an accomplice of Putin’s regime.  DON'T MISS: China plotting to exploit Russia 'template' to expand in Indo-Pacific [INSIGHT]Ukrainian farmers defiant as they sport blue and yellow flags [ANALYSIS]Boris calls for unity to defeat 'Putin's war machine' [COMMENT] “The public has just learned that the Russian political and media figure, and former [rhythmic gymnast], Alina Kabaeva, is hiding the consequences of the sanctions imposed on the Russian Federation in your country. “She is the favourite wife of [the] delusional dictator and war criminal who has been treacherously attacking Ukraine over the past weeks. “As she is supportive of social activities in Russia, she has been attempting to get Russian citizens accustomed to the reality of sanctions after 2014, and personally proclaimed: ‘The worse it gets, the better for us!’” The petition further stated: "For the first time in modern history, your country has violated its neutrality, which it did not even do vis-à-vis Nazi Germany in the 20th century, and joined the sanctions against Putin and his surroundings. “And now you are allowing his favourite mistress and her children to hide within the borders of your state.” 