 The former UKIP leader continued by criticising the Conservative Government over their current immigration policy and warned the next election could be in jeopardy should it not be changed. Speaking to GB News host Dan Wootton about the increased migrant crisis that is heading for UK shores, he issued another “dire warning” that the current situation is “way bigger” than last year.   He said: “We’re looking now at the possibility of 60 to 100,000 people coming this year. “They will be 90 percent young men, undocumented young males at an increasing massive cost. “We have no idea who some of these young men are, what they’ve been doing, have they fought for ISIS? We literally have no idea.” He added: “The last estimate was it is costing 1.7 billion a year to look after this problem.   “I think that’s the tip of the iceberg and there is no prospect of any change whatsoever.” Since the beginning of the year, over 4,500 people have crossed the English Channel and entered the UK. The Home Office confirmed only on Monday, 386 people on 12 boats were brought to UK shores by Border Force, with seven other boats carrying 162 people intercepted by French authorities. Tom Pursglove, the minister for justice and tackling illegal migration responded to recent migrant concerns saying: “The rise in dangerous Channel crossings is unacceptable. READ MORE:Manchester airport has ‘huge problems’ says Simon Calder  “Not only are they an overt abuse of our immigration laws but they also impact on the UK taxpayer, risk lives and our ability to help refugees come to the UK via safe and legal routes.” However, taking a swipe at Mr Pursglove, Mr Farage quipped the minister’s response “is rather like Basil Fawlty agreeing with a diner that the waiter is no bloody good. It doesn’t actually solve anything.” Mr Farage warned the Conservatives could lose the next election if their actions are not changed as they currently give off a policy showing: “a great big sign on the White Cliffs of Dover saying, ‘everyone’s welcome’.” He continued by outlining that the people coming across the channel on boats are more than aware of the privileges they will receive upon getting to the UK such as accommodation, health care, and residency. He stated: “When I’ve been out with GB News on Farage at Large going around the red wall seats, the anger at what is going on here is quite extraordinary. DON'T MISS:Brexit poll: Do YOU think the UK should rejoin the EU single market? (POLL)F1 teams 'threatened their cars would be seized' during Saudi meeting (INSIGHT)State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less (REVEAL)  “People are saying ‘look, the council house waiting list is way over a million, young people just aren’t being given a fair shot and this isn’t going to go away.” Nigel Farage also commented that the Home Secretary, Priti Patel is “rendered impotent by the human rights act” and “the incorporation of the European Convention of Human Rights into UK law”. Despite his belief that the Home Secretary is committed to cracking down on the Channel crossings, he concluded that these laws mean “there is nothing she can do” with “some in our judiciary who tell us we shouldn’t even call them illegals”. The former politician concluded: “All we’re doing is acting as a taxi service for illegal criminal gangs who are making millions and millions of euros every single week through this trade. “Boris needs to wake up PDQ.” 