Jurgen Klopp has admitted Liverpool 'will have to see' how badly Trent Alexander-Arnold has been hit by his hamstring injury. The crucial right-back looks set for a spell on the sidelines, just weeks before Klopp guides his team through a critical period in their season. Ahead of Liverpool's trip to Nottingham Forest in the FA Cup quarter-finals this weekend, Klopp confirmed that Alexander-Arnold had suffered a hamstring problem. And as a result, the 23-year-old will miss the Forest game and England duty after Gareth Southgate named him in his latest squad on Thursday. He said: "Trent is out with a hamstring, so he won't be involved with England either. We'll have to see. And when asked if Alexander-Arnold would miss weeks through the injury, Klopp confirmed the unwelcome news with a straightforward: "Yeah." Some would argue the playmaker's injury couldn't have been timed better, with two weeks until Liverpool resume their Premier League title challenge. However, there will be concerns over the potential period he'll be out of action, especially with some colossal games on the horizon. JUST IN: Tuchel's four-word message on what he demands from new Chelsea owners After the international break, Liverpool host Watford in the Premier League before travelling to Benfica for the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final clash. Days later, Klopp takes his side to Manchester City in a game of enormous stakes at the Etihad Stadium. The home leg against Benfica follows that, but Liverpool continue their title bid against Aston Villa, Manchester United, Everton and Newcastle United to round off a hectic April. Of course, Alexander-Arnold will be expected to play in most, if not all, of those games. But for now, his availability is up in the air. READ MORE: Arsenal must 'forget Tottenham and Man Utd' as Neville sends message Regardless of the opposition, though, Klopp will seriously miss the marauding right-back's influence at both ends of the pitch. Alexander-Arnold has registered 11 Premier League assists this season, more than any other player in the competition. He has also created 76 chances; only Bruno Fernandes (77) has created more. April will be a make or break period in Liverpool's season, both in their pursuit of a seventh Champions League crown and Premier League glory. And Klopp and the fanbase will undoubtedly be sweating over his fitness as the clock continues to tick down to that all-important meeting with Man City on April 10. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.