Shane Warne has died at the age of 52 after a suspected heart attack. The Australia legend established himself as one of the world’s best-ever cricketers during his playing days. So, as a tribute, Express Sport will now take a look at his top five moments in the sport. England touched down in Australia for the start of the 1994/1995 Ashes looking to put their rivals to the sword. Having gone undefeated during the summer back home, Mike Atherton’s men thought they could end their wait for the precious urn. Except, they went up against a Warne who was starting to operate at the peak of his powers. The Australian icon proceeded to register his finest-ever figures of 11-110, with his second-innings display particularly memorable. Warne took eight wickets for just 71 runs, with his nation going on to retain the urn and break England hearts in the process. The cricket World Cup in 1999 saw Australia pitted against South Africa at Edgebaston. Australia struggled during their batting innings, with Steve Waugh’s team bowled out for just 213 from 50 overs. South Africa appeared to be cruising to victory, racing to 48 runs without loss with just 12 overs played. Warne then stepped up, however, and turned the tide of the match with figures of 4-29 from his 10 overs. South Africa were unable to cope with his fantastic display and ended up losing, with Warne receiving the man of the match award as his country made the final. He then starred against Pakistan at Lord’s, with a spell of 4-33 helping his side reign supreme. Warne clocked up one Test hat-trick during his playing days. And, of course, it had to come against England. Warne registered his treble in Melbourne in the Boxing Day Test of the 1994/1995 Ashes series, having already clocked up figures of six for 64 to help bowl England out for 212 in their first innings. His hat-trick claimed victims Phil DeFreitas, Darren Gough and Devon Malcolm - sparking wild scenes within the MCG. It still stands out as one of the finest Ashes moments today, all these years on. England captivated the nation in 2005 when they won the Ashes, in what proved to be Warne’s last series in the country. However, the Australian came extremely close to securing his side the turn instead. Warne clocked up an impressive 249 runs during his final five tests in England, including a brilliant 90 at Old Trafford. He actually ended up outperforming batters Simon Katich, Damien Martyn and Adam Gilchrist, despite being a bowler by trade. However, he also picked up a remarkable 40 wickets at a brilliant average of just 19.92. While his side were beaten to glory, Warne was able to hold his head up high. Warne made his Ashes debut in 1993 at Old Trafford. And it would prove to be a memorable year for the Australian, who produced a ball many believe to have been the best of the entire century. Warne was just 23 at the time with a few Test appearances to his name but he immediately became recognised worldwide with his first-ever delivery on the big stage. The Australian bamboozled Mike Gatting, with the England star walking away with a look of total confusion on his face after believing wicketkeeper Ian Healy had knocked the stumps off himself. Out of all Warne’s glittering cricket moments, this may have been the best of the lot.