BBC Weather woman Carol Kirkwood urged Brits to watch out for thick fog in South West England. Ms Kirkwood also predicted wet weather and showers in parts and outbreaks of sunshine and brighter skies in Scotland. The Met Office has issued seven flood alerts around the UK, with Ms Kirkwood predicting that temperatures are expected to waver between four and eight degrees.  Ms Kirkwood said: "This morning if you're travelling early on and you're living or travelling to southwest England, South Wales do watch out for some fog, it is quite dense. "Today what we've got is cloud and rain moving North, it's what we've had in the South of England yesterday and you can see all the cloud in the satellite picture associated with that. "Later on we've got another weather front coming our way, that's what this line of cloud and rain is, but today it's a clutch of front steadily moving Northwards. "And brighter skies will be across the North of Scotland, where we've had clearer skies overnight and temperatures in Boyne actually fell to minus nine overnight. JUST IN: Russian tank purposely swerves into car to crush civilian in horror attack - VIDEO Ms Kirkwood added: "That's the lowest temperature we've seen the 21st-22nd of December. "So through today, there is all this cloud and rain moving Northwards, we hang onto the sunshine across the far North of Scotland it's going to be a breezy day where ever you are. "But the wind picking up around the Irish sea around the Isle of Man, Northern Ireland and also Western Scotland. "Temperature seven in Aberdeen to about twelve as we push down towards the South West.  READ MORE: 'Thought we were saving you' Putin under threat as Russians growing wary of propaganda Ms Kirkwood added: "Now into this evening and overnight, once again the rain continues to push Northwards. The Met Office has issued yellow weather warnings in West Midlands. And there are Yellow warnings out in Wales the towns include Cardiff, Monmouth, St David, and Swansea. London and the South of England have been issued multiple warnings. Bristol, Plymouth and Bournemouth, Exeter, and Dorchester all have been alerted.