Bernie (played by Clair Norris) is about to make her EastEnders comeback after leaving the soap last October to be reunited with Stuart (Ricky Champ) and his wife Rainie (Tanya Franks). She has been carrying their baby after they made a surrogacy agreement last year, however, she needed to take some time away from Walford after becoming suspicious Rainie could be using drugs again. BBC spoilers have hinted Bernie might not go through with the surrogacy as planned. Officials spoilers for the BBC soap have revealed a very heavily pregnant Bernie is set to make a return to Albert Square later this month. However, her return proves difficult as she faces the reality of handing over her baby to Stuart and Rainie. As Bernie discusses all of the details with the couple she is left stunned when she discovers Stuart is suffering from cancer. After digesting the heartbreaking news, Bernie rages that the pair have both kept his illness a secret while she has been carrying their unborn child. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one However, her anger soon turns into shock when she starts going into labour on the BBC soap. Will Bernie want to give birth in the hospital alone without Stuart and Rainie following their hard-hitting conversation about his health? Could their conversation cause Bernie to have a change of heart completely about surrogacy? Bernie cares about the baby having a good upbringing with a family she trusts, but she may not feel she will be able to trust Stuart and Rainie after they kept such a huge secret from her. Will Bernie leave the couple heartbroken if she decides another family would be a better fit to raise the child?   Both Stuart and Rainie are desperate to become parents and would be left distraught if Bernie gave the baby up for adoption. Last year, Bernie agreed to be a surrogate mum for the couple as they were struggling to conceive a baby. But the pressure of it all was too overwhelming for her, which prompted her to leave Albert Square to have some time away from the couple. One of her biggest concerns was that Rainie was back on drugs and would not be allowed access to the newborn when it was born.  DON'T MISS...EastEnders arrest as Kat Slater turns gun on Tommy Moon's bullies? [THEORY]EastEnders return for Vi Highway as Stuart makes life-changing choice? [LATEST]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker replaced by Danny Dyer? [LATEST]   However, Bernie's had months to process the pregnancy and must have wanted to go through with it as planned when she decided to return to Walford. Speaking about the character's decision to leave last year Bernie actor Clair told Digital Spy the surrogate mum "needed a break". She added: "I think that Bernie is overwhelmed with everything and definitely needs some time away to clear her head. "I think it will do her good to get away and take care of herself and the baby for a bit. That's her number one priority.    "We know Bernie will be returning to Walford, but who knows what she will be coming back to? 