Carol Kirkwood told BBC Breakfast that temperatures will pick up as the weeks go on but as the UK heads towards the weekend people can expect a bizarre mix of weather. She explain gusts, thunder and hail could be expected on Friday despite relatively warm temperatures - reaching 15C in some areas. She added a weather front would be moving in from the west causing further disruptions to what has been a relatively calm and mild week so far. Speaking on BBC Breakfast, Ms Kirkwood said temperatures would be mild in the next few days but strong gusts are expected. She told the programme: “If you're just stepping out and you're in western Scotland or Northern Ireland, it's a cold start to the day. “There's also some coastal mist around the coast of East Anglia in southwest England. “But as we go through the rest of this week, we're looking at unsettled conditions, breezy or windy. “Rain at times but mild, mild certainly will be the theme for the next few days. “Now [Thursday] it is quite messy, there's a lot of clouds around, we've got some showers in the southeast at the moment and parts of Wales and Northern Ireland. “But there are some breaks in that cloud, like in western Scotland later on and also into the far southeast of England with temperatures eight to 15 degrees. “But once again, it is going to be a breezy day”.  Ms Kirkwood then looked beyond Thursday and said further showers would be moving in from the south. She added: “As we head on through the evening and overnight period, we'll have further showers coming up from the Channel Island. “Moving steadily northwards, becoming more widespread but as you can see fairly patchy. “And then our next weather fronts are waiting in the wings and the winds will strengthen across the southwest of England.   “It's not going to be a cold night and it certainly will be milder across Northwest Scotland and Northern Ireland than last night. “So [Friday] we start off still with a fair bit of cloud and some showers but I want to draw your attention to this set of fronts coming up from the southwest looking to have some heavy rain around them. “And they're going to be followed by some heavy showers possibly with some hail and thunder and strong winds as well, especially in the southwest.” 