Unfortunately, 77-year-old Lynda isn’t the only pensioner who has been in touch with Express.co.uk to complain about how difficult it is to claim disability benefits. With one wrong decision overturned every minute of every working day according to Disability Rights UK, campaigners are urging for change. Lynda is one of a number of pensioners who are frustrated that the benefits system isn’t easier. She said she’s sick of hearing the DWP talk about unclaimed benefits as she thinks they make it “very, very difficult” to claim. When she applied for Attendance Allowance for her 95-year-old mother, it took her and her husband the entire weekend to fill out the forms. She said: “It brings you down and makes you question ‘is it worth it?’” READ MORE: PIP: People with stress or depression could qualify for £608 from DWP More than three million (3.4 million) older people who have reached state pension age aren’t claiming Attendance Allowance even though it could make all the difference to their finances. The extra financial help is available to pensioners who are physically or mentally disabled, to help them pay for a carer. It works out at £3,515 a year which could really help pensioners especially during the cost of living crisis. The sad truth of the matter is that once a claim is rejected, many don’t bother to reapply. DON'T MISSState Pension: What happens to my pension when I die? [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis issues stark warning on energy bills [WARNING]State pension: Rishi Sunak urged to increase sum to £19,760 per year [UPDATE] Lynda says she’s not at all surprised to hear this and feels angry every time she reads that pensioners are being encouraged to claim. She added: “I don’t know how an elderly person with no support is expected to fill this in. “We are both articulate but we really struggled. “It brings you down during what is already a stressful situation.” A DWP spokesperson said: “We want to ensure disabled pensioners with care needs receive all the support to which they are entitled and in 2020/21, 88.9 percent of claims for Attendance Allowance were approved. “We continue to encourage anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online and use the free, independent benefits calculators available.” Anyone can ask for extra help during the claim process, something which needs to be highlighted so that people like Lynda are made aware. Age UK and Citizens Advice often help people fill out these forms and guide them through the process. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Who can claim Attendance Allowance?