New research from Mornings.co.uk used Tripadvisor reviews to find the places with the highest number of sunrise and sunset mentions around the world. Where are Britain’s best spots? While Angkor Wat, Cambodia’s breathtaking complex of temples, was the world’s number one spot to see the sunrise, a few British destinations scored highly. The best spot in the UK to see the sunrise was named as Stonehenge. The ancient site had 212 sunrise mentions on Tripadvisor. One sunrise visitor said: “The stones that time of day were incredible. We were blessed with an absolutely phenomenal sunrise. “We were able to watch the light change every few minutes.” READ MORE: Britain’s favourite attractions named - ‘breathtaking’ Researchers from Bournemouth University have said that Stonehenge may have worked as a giant solar calendar. The second best destination to watch the sunrise in the UK was Calton Hill in Edinburgh, with 88 Tripadvisor mentions. One of the Scottish capital’s most prominent hills, early risers will be able to enjoy the sunrise with incredible views of the city. In third place was Glastonbury Tor in Glastonbury. Known for its world-famous music festival, Glastonbury is also a fantastic place to see the sunrise. Tower Bridge was named as London’s best place to see the sunrise and had 29 mentions on Tripadvisor. Another London spot, Primrose Hill, was named as the fifth best destination in the UK to see the sunrise. Sunrises are an incredible sight, but many people might not be able to handle the early rising times particularly as the days start to lengthen. Luckily, there are many amazing destinations all across the UK where Britons can see a gorgeous sunset. The London Eye was named as the UK’s best spot to watch the sunset with 1,579 mentions on Tripadvisor. British tourists will need to buy a ticket to ride the Eye and sunset times are likely to be busier. The second best spot was also in London. The capital’s Sky Garden scored 643 mentions of sunset on Tripadvisor. Although British tourists will need to book tickets to visit the Sky Garden, entry to the viewpoint is free. Calton Hill in Edinburgh took the third spot, making the destination a fantastic place to start and end the day. Another Edinburgh landmark, Arthur’s Seat, took fourth place. Not for the fainthearted, Up at the O2 rounded off the top five. During the unique experience, tourists can scale to the top of the O2 and will be rewarded with amazing views. However, the roof was recently damaged during Storm Eunice. 