The US President gave his first State of the Union address yesterday, as invited by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. During the annual address to Congress, US presidents will update Americans on the economy, legislative proposals, and other bits of news. Mr Biden's message was largely overshadowed by the Russian invasion of Ukraine. He said Russian President Vladimir Putin was "wrong" over the invasion. Last week, President Putin ordered Russian troops into Ukraine, sparking Europe’s largest ground conflict since World War 2. Since then, hundreds of Ukrainians have reportedly been killed, while there have also been casualties among Russian soldiers. More than 520,000 people have also fled Ukraine into Poland and other neighbouring countries, according to the United Nations’ refugee agency. Amid the tragic situation, Mr Biden has confirmed that he will not send US troops into Ukraine, despite issuing grave warnings about the situation in the country. JUST IN: Putin humiliated as troops down weapons in massive collapse of Russian morale The threat of Russia has been looming for months, if not years. Mr Biden even argued in August last year that the US needed to withdraw its troops from Afghanistan because Putin would “love” the US to stay there, implying that the Russian President wanted to keep the US military tied up elsewhere. In his address on August 17, Mr Biden said: “Our true strategic competitors, China and Russia, would love nothing more than the United States to continue to funnel billions of dollars in resources and attention into destabilised Afghanistan indefinitely. “We will continue to support the Afghan people. “We will lead with our diplomacy, our international influence and our humanitarian aid. “We will continue to push for regional diplomacy and engagement to prevent violence and instability. “We will continue to speak out for the basic rights of Afghan people, of women and girls, just as we speak out all over the world.” Mr Biden added that US foreign policy should put human rights at the forefront, but that “endless military deployments” are not the way to achieve this goal. The US evacuation from Afghanistan ended the country’s 20-year stay in the country, which began in the wake of the 9/11 attacks by Al Qaeda. In August last year, Taliban forces completed a swift takeover of Afghanistan, including the capital, Kabul. DON'T MISS: SAS veterans step up to help – fearsome UK team to join Ukraine's fight against Russia [LATEST]World Cup 2022: Risk competition ‘won’t even take place’ if Russia allowed to take part [INSIGHT]Kick them out! MP demands Russia are banned from World Cup [ANALYSIS] As part of the evacuation efforts, the US sent thousands of troops to the country to help its citizens and others leave safely. Mr Biden said in his address: “I was asked to authorise – and I did – 6,000 US troops to deploy to Afghanistan. “For the purpose of assisting the departure of US and allied civilian personnel from Afghanistan. “And to evacuate our Afghan allies and vulnerable Afghans to safety outside of Afghanistan.” The President then discussed how US troops were working to secure the airfield at Hamid Karzai International Airport in Kabul. The final US planes left Afghanistan on August 30 against the backdrop of chaotic scenes at the airport. Amid the current crisis in Ukraine, Mr Biden was absolute in his refusal to send troops to the country. In a press conference last week before the invasion, he said: “Let me say it again: Our forces are not and will not be engaged in the conflict with Russia in Ukraine.” Mr Biden has since re-committed himself to not sending US troops into the conflict, although he has authorised a huge military aid package to help Ukraine fight Russian aggression. Washington has released up to an additional $350million (£260million) worth of weapons to Kyiv.