But now, finally, the nine-minute, heartstopping action sequence is about to be outdone, because Steven Spielberg has announced that he is making a new movie based on McQueen's 1968 police thriller Bullitt. "You can bet there's going to be an epic car chase," says an insider. "And you can guarantee that Spielberg will out-do anything Steve McQueen did in the original film.” The Oscar-winning director of West Side Story, Schindler's List and Jaws won't be remaking the original film but crafting a fresh adventure around hard-bitten homicide detective Frank Bullitt. Yet Spielberg might be surprised to learn that McQueen's fast-driving cop was inspired by real-life San Francisco homicide detective Dave Toschi. Tough, arrogant and breaking the traditional mould of staid law enforcement officers, Toschi was amazingly also the inspiration behind Clint Eastwood's hard-hitting San Francisco crimefighter Dirty Harry. He was also played by Mark Ruffalo in the movie Zodiac. "Toschi was assigned by the city to show McQueen the reality of police work," says the late star's biographer Marshall Terrill. "He took him on ride-alongs, to murder scenes, drug busts and the morgue.” The actor's main concern, he says, was that he would fit in with rugged city cops. "McQueen took an apple with him to the coroner's, and when the bodies of murder victims were rolled out he took a bite from the apple to show he was as hard as them, and not what he called a 'candy-assed actor’." But the star of The Great Escape and The Thomas Crown Affair could not help but be impressed by Toschi's blood-soaked, crime-ridden world. "I was raised on the streets and never liked cops much," said McQueen at the time, "but here I am right in the middle of real police business."  Toschi (pronounced toss-key) was brash, flamboyant, and positively welcomed the glare of publicity that came from his connection to the glamorous world of film-making. In an era when police detectives affected the sombre attire of FBI agents - dark suits, thin ties and crewcuts - Toschi stood out from the crowd with his thick mane of curly black hair, loud check suits and bow ties, topped off theatrically with a sharp trench coat. McQueen wanted a cooler look for his character, but he notably copied the detective's unusual fast-draw shoulder holster. Toschi's daughter Linda, now 63, recalls: "They were filming in my dad's office. My dad took off his jacket and Steve McQueen said, 'What is that?' And my dad said, 'That's my holster.'And McQueen told the director, 'I want one of those.’ "My dad had his own sense of style: a lot of bow ties, a lot of loud sports coats. Never wore a white shirt. Always a coloured shirt.” Terrill explains: "McQueen was never going to wear a bow tie as Bullitt, but he borrowed Toschi's sense of style, wearing fashionable sweaters, slacks and suede boots for the role.” Toschi was the lead detective pursuing the infamous Zodiac serial killer and served as a consultant in Ruffalo's 2007 movie about the case. But that ultimately unsuccessful investigation was far from his deadliest. He also led the probe into a murderous cult responsible for what became known the Zebra killings: dozens of murders across California that terrorised the state in the early 1970s. Police agencies from across California met with Toschi to compare notes after a slew of apparently unrelated murders. Most were victims of seemingly random hit-and-run shootings, though one detail tied them together: the victims were all white, and the killers were black. Apparently the work of a coordinated group, they killed at least 73 people; with some estimates topping 100. The Zebra killers, also known as the Death Angels, were later found to be a radical black Muslim cult dedicated to killing white people. The slayings were a chilling form of initiation for members to earn their "wings" and achieve "angel" status. "It's a very terrifying form of terrorism because of the character of the people involved," said Toschi at the time. Most of the killers were "clean living and never got into any trouble with the police again”. The detective helped to convict four of the cult members for 15 murders, but many other members of the Death Angels escaped justice. Toschi's tough-guy image was no act. The janitor's son had fought in some of the fiercest battles of the Korean War as part of the US Army's 24th Infantry Division, before joining the San Francisco police department in 1952. He spent 10 years pursuing the Zodiac killer, who murdered at least five victims but claimed to have slain 37 and gained notoriety for taunting police with coded messages sent to local newspapers. Clint Eastwood used Toschi as inspiration for his San Francisco police inspector Harry Callahan in Dirty Harry, who pursues a serial murderer known as Scorpio, paralleling the detective's pursuit of the Zodiac killer. Toschi was flattered by Eastwood's homage, but unhappy at Dirty Harry's trigger happy style of meting out justice with his 44 Magnum, and stormed out of a screening of the movie. "He couldn't take it," recalls Mark Ruffalo, who spent days and nights with Toschi learning how to play the real-life cop for the film Zodiac. "It was simplified.” Toschi was certain that the Zodiac killer was sex offender Arthur Leigh Allen, but unlike Harry Callahan, he could not shoot suspects at will. "As soon as that guy walked in the door, I knew it was him," said Toschi. But without hard evidence, Allen could not be charged with the murders and died in 1992. While McQueen's heroic Frank Bullitt ultimately cracked the movie's mobster mystery, real life wasn't always so obliging for Dave Toschi. He spent a decade pursuing the Zodiac killer and claimed to have interviewed more than 5,000 people, but never made an arrest, and the case remains unsolved. Half a century later cryptographers are still unravelling the meaning of the Zodiac ciphers. Toschi was ultimately taken off the case after he was caught sending letters under fake names praising his police work to the San Francisco Chronicle. "It was a foolish thing to do," he confessed, though he vehemently denied allegations that he had faked some of the Zodiac killer's coded letters. Years later Toschi remained haunted by his failure to bring the Zodiac killer to justice. "Looking back, I feel mostly frustration," he said. "That case took so much out of me." He retired from the police force in 1985, turning to private security. Suffering heart problems, Toschi died of pneumonia in 2018, aged 86. Spielberg negotiated with McQueen's estate for a year to secure the rights to Bullitt, and the new film will be executive produced by McQueen's son, actor Chad McQueen, and granddaughter Molly. The iconic role of Frank Bullitt has yet to be cast, though early Hollywood speculation has fallen on Chris Hemsworth, Ryan Reynolds, Michael B Jordan and British stars Idris Elba, Daniel Kaluuya and Taron Egerton. It is hoped the movie will be in cinemas by 2024. Bullitt was one of 1968's biggest hits, and thanks to its nine-minute car chase won an Oscar for editing, despite the killers' Dodge Charger implausibly losing eight hubcaps from its four wheels in the manic pursuit. The Mustang GT driven by McQueen sold at auction in 2020 for a staggering £2.5million. The star, who died of cancer in November 1980, aged 50, never forgot his education on the mean streets of San Francisco with Toschi. "I wanted to see the inside," said McQueen, "and I saw more than I ever counted on."