Mr Honcharuk urged European citizens to demand their governments take further action to help Ukraine fight back against Russia. The former Prime Minister warned the continent would be left "weaker" in the event of his country falling into the hands of Vladimir Putin. And he warned Putin is prepared to unleash all his power to put an end to what he called "the Ukrainian question." Speaking to LBC, Mr Honcharuk said: "Realise who you are talking to. "It's not about conditions, negotiations. It's the start of the Third World War. "He's the new Hitler. Hitler wanted the solve the Jewish question, Putin wants to solve the Ukrainian question. "Ukraine is one of the biggest nations in Europe, it's impossible to solve. It's already a big war." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG He continued: "And you should realise you are next, and it's impossible to protect yourselves and not protect your allies. "If Ukraine falls, you will be weaker, it's really simple to understand. "Please let your political leaders know that you, European people, demand from them real action toward and against Putin. "Real action now. It's too little, too late to negotiate and find some partial economic sanction. It's not enough." READ MORE: 'Putin will invade EU cities' Chilling warning over Russia's next steps if Ukraine falls Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov met with his Ukrainian counterpart Dmitry Kuleba in Antalya last week for the latest round of peace talks since the start of the conflict in February. Both sides maintained conditions for a ceasefire had not been reached, with Lavrov and Kuleba blaming each other's country for breaching the terms of a humanitarian corridor agreement. Kyiv accused Moscow of agreeing to establish safe corridors to let civilians leave cities under heavy shelling before targeting the corridors themselves. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: New satellite images show Putin's death convoy close in [LIVE BLOG]Russian convoy movement near Kyiv is actually in 'tactical retreat' [SATELLITE]Putin joy as 16,000 Middle Eastern fighters to join Russian invasion [VIDEO] Crisis talks between Moscow and Kyiv have been continuing by video link, said Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov, according to Russia's RIA news agency. He gave no details, but Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Kyiv would not surrender or accept any ultimatums. Crisis talks between Moscow and Kyiv have been continuing by video link, said Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov, according to Russia's RIA news agency. He gave no details, but Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Kyiv would not surrender or accept any ultimatums. The United States said it would rush up to $200 million in additional small arms, anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons to Ukraine, where officials have pleaded for more military aid. The Kremlin describes its actions as a "special operation" to disarm Ukraine and unseat leaders it calls neo-Nazis. Ukraine and Western allies call this a baseless pretext for a war of choice that has raised fears of wider conflict in Europe.