TV licence fees are currently frozen in the UK at the current £159 for the next two years. Not paying this annual fee could see Britons facing inspector visits, court dates and fines worth thousands. TV Licensing states on its website that if Britons are found to be watching, recording or downloading programmes illegally they could face severe repercussions. If TV Licensing believes illegal TV viewing is occuring at a property they will visit the property to confirm or deny this and gather evidence if needed. It is illegal to watch or record programmes on live TV on any channel and regardless of the country of origin. These programmes do not have to be specifically watched on a TV as the licence applies to any device including laptops, tablets or mobile devices. READ MORE: State pensioners could get extra £358 a month but they must apply for this DWP benefit Additionally, downloading or watching on-demand BBC programmes on BBC iPlayer also requires a licence. If someone is found guilty of illegally watching, recording or downloading programmes they could be prosecuted and fined up to £1,000. The maximum fine for Guernsey residents is double this amount at £2,000 and includes any legal costs or compensation that the court may order. Households suspected of not having a TV licence while watching licensable content will usually receive a letter alerting them to their wrongdoing. TV Licensing noted that letters are sent to all homes that do not have a TV Licence, which if ignored could lead to an inspector visit. Britons should note that they can refuse entry to the inspector although this may lead to them getting a court order so they can enter without the residents’ permission. It is reported that inspectors will usually look for evidence of a television set up and question the occupants on their TV habits such as using catch-up services like iPlayer. Inspectors must respect people’s right to privacy and confidentiality but they reportedly might wear a body camera during the inspection. Charity law practice Appeal shared some insights on their website on what happens during an inspector visit and what Britons should know when approached. They noted that inspectors should verbally caution occupants that anything they say could be used as evidence against them in court. Inspectors fill out a document during the visit and will ask for the occupants’ signature to confirm that all of their notes are accurate and correct. This is known as a Record of Interview and can include the likes of the residents’ personal details, the type of TV or device they watch licensable content on and the programmes they are watching. Appeal highlighted that Britons should ensure that this is all filled out correctly and should not sign it if there are sections that are still blank. The final section of the Record of Interview provides Britons a chance to add anything else that they feel is relevant to the case. This can include vulnerabilities such as health problems and conditions, domestic abuse or financial difficulties that have affected their ability to get a licence. Appeal also noted that the inspecting officer may also try to sell the occupant a TV licence while they are visiting.