The Chase players Carl, Elise, Charlie and Trish took on Shaun 'The Dark Destroyer' Wallace to see if they could beat him in the Final Chase and spend their money on something special. Trish was the last contestant to take on Shaun, but before doing so, she left Bradley gobsmacked as she made a shocking confession about Jodie Whittaker. With Trish last to take on Shaun, she stepped up in front of Bradley to play her cash-builder round and try to make as much as possible. Before entering the quick-fire round of questions, Bradley said: "Welcome to the show Trish, now from Huddersfield?" Trish confirmed: "Well, I'm from a little village called Clayton West, and it is actually in the middle between Huddersfield, Wakefield and Barnsley. "Wherever I want to go too, it is the same distance." READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump Bradley replied: "Yeah, equal distance, I worked with Jodie Whittaker she was from that way..." However, before he could finish his sentence, Trish laughed and revealed: "I used to live next door to Jodie, I know Jodie very well!" Shocked at her revelation, Bradley exclaimed: "You do not! How about that, that's unbelievable!" Trish continued: "Our local butcher made a TARDIS and put it outside his butcher's shop." Knowing of the story, Bradley said: "That's right, he did. She told me about that!" Trish went on to build an impressive £5,000 in her cash-builder, which was the highest amount built out of all four contestants. Unfortunately for Trish, Shaun managed to catch her just one from home, and she was eliminated from the show. Carl was up first to take on Shaun and built £4,000 in his cash-builder, when facing The Chaser, he offered him a lower amount of £1,000 and a higher amount of £24,000. DON'T MISS...The Chase viewers voice concern for Shaun Wallace 'Get him some Vicks' [INSIGHT]The Chase's Mark Labbett blasts Bradley Walsh over blunder [LATEST]The Chase's Bradley Walsh scolds Jenny Ryan 'Get a life!’ [WATCH] When consulting with his team members, they all agreed that he should play safe and choose to play for the money he had built himself. However, Shaun managed to catch him three from home, and he became the first contestant to be eliminated. Up next was Elise, who, despite her nerves, managed to also build £4,000 in her cash-builder, receiving a low offer of £400 and a higher offer of £39,000. Feeling confident, she took the £4,000 and flew through the round, making it through to the Final Chase. The third contestant was Charlie, who only scraped £2,000 in the cash-builder but felt brave and told Bradley "this is a once in a lifetime opportunity" before taking the chance at £38,000. Unfortunately for him, he got both his questions wrong, and Shaun caught him whilst he was still six away from home. Elise went into the Final Chase on her own and impressively managed to get 12 steps ahead of Shaun and, throughout his questions, successfully pushed him back twice. However, Shaun caught up with her, and she went home empty-handed but told Bradley she had a great day. The Chase airs weekdays from 5pm on ITV.