Spring has sprung and the weather is heating up as summer draws closer. April usually brings more frequent sunny days, warmer weather and less rain. It’s also a great time to start sowing seeds, mulching and spraying roses. Gardening expert Chris Bonnett from GardeningExpress.co.uk explained that April is when gardens really “come to life”. He said: “The garden really starts to come to life in April with spring blooms adding colour and interest. “It’s also a month for some hard work to get the garden prepped and ready for the warmer weather. “Our tips will help novice gardeners focus on what they need to do now so they can enjoy the fruits of their labour in the months to come.” The gardening pro has shared his top April garden jobs that can be started in just a week’s time. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share £1 baby product for getting rid of ants Lawns are sometimes neglected in the winter months, so April is a good time to give them some TLC. Chris said: “Winter weather can damage the lawn and April is the time to repair it. “If you haven’t given the lawn it’s first cut, now’s the time to do it but keep the mowing height on the high side. “For any bare patches, either re-turf or sow lawn seed.” Plant chives Chives can be planted in early spring in a sunny area. DON'T MISS:How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas [INSIGHT]Orchids: The ‘trimming’ hack to keep your orchids healthy in spring [EXPERT]Gardening: Mulching ‘tricks’ to help avoid ‘root rot problems’ [TIPS] The expert said: “Try planting chives and other herbs and letting them germinate on a sunny window sill or in the greenhouse. “Take care though to sow them sparingly, thinning them out if they become overcrowded.” For those who want to grow tomatoes, April is a good time to sow their seeds. Chris said: “Plant tomatoes in a sunny spot or in the greenhouse. “You can start them off from seed and plant them out once they’re around 15cm tall. “Do keep an eye on the conditions and introduce them to outside temperatures slowly.” They tend to thrive in warmer weather. Lavender is best planted in April as the soil naturally warms up. The gardening expert said: “The ground is warm enough in April for new lavender plants to flourish. “Starting with a healthy plant with a pre-developed root system will help as well as planting one to three feet apart depending on the variety.” Mulch is the ultimate gardening time-saver. Chris explained: “Mulching soil saves water, improves it, and most importantly, suppresses weeds. “April is the best time to apply it, as the unpredictable weather means it traps moisture from rain but stops beds from drying out in the sun.” To keep roses healthy it is important to spray them. The expert said: “If new leaves are starting to appear, then it’s time to spray your roses. “Keep doing this throughout the summer months to avoid common rose problems.”