Millions of households could see an almost £700 increase in energy bills from April, and as March rolls to a close Britons are urged to ensure they have received all the winter benefits they are due. However, winter benefits like Cold Weather Payments, Winter Fuel Payments and Warm Home Discount could earn Britons up to £415 as the deadline looms. Households are bracing for the price hikes, tax increases and skyrocketing inflation due next month, but claiming their winter benefit entitlements could ease the pressure. Most winter benefit schemes end on March 31, leaving Britons less than two weeks to ensure they’ve received every penny they are owed. These include Cold Weather Payments which offer £25 for each trigger while the Winter Fuel Payment provides up to £300 and the Warm Home Discount provides £140. Cold Weather Payments are triggered for each seven consecutive days an area experiences temperatures recorded or forecast as zero degrees and below.  Multiple cold snaps in Braemar, Aberdeenshire this winter have seen residents due £75. These payments are automatically issued to eligible households within 14 working days of the trigger. They will be paid into the bank or building society account where one usually receives their benefits payments. Britons who are due a payment but have not received it are advised to contact the Jobcentre Plus, Universal Credit helpline or Pension Service.    To be eligible for Cold Weather Payments residents must be receiving at least one of the following benefits: Those on Income Support and income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance will receive Cold Weather Payments if they have any of the following: Britons claiming income-related Employment and Support Allowance will receive the payments if they are in a work-related activity group or support group. However, ESA claimants can also receive Cold Weather Payments if they have any of the following: Universal Credit claimants are eligible for Cold Weather Payments if they are not employed or self-employed and at least one of the following must apply: The online postcode checker offered on the Government's website allows eligible Britons to see if temperatures have dropped low enough in their area for a trigger. By entering the first few digits of the postcode one lives in, they are able to see how many triggers their area has experienced.