Fears any intervention could lead to a new global conflict has pushed the West to adopt its current stance of not committing troops to the war in Ukraine. Requests from Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky for a no-fly zone have been outright refused, with NATO standing firm on its beliefs to prevent the war from escalating “beyond Ukraine”. Alexander Rodnyansky, an adviser to Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, told Politico that if President Putin were to use chemical weapons, Ukraine’s Government would expect an “intervention of some sort” from the West. He said: “Of course, I think that should be a red line. What else do you need? I mean, this is a weapon of mass destruction, right? “Whether it’s atomic or chemical, I mean, that’s not really an important distinction at this point. “So of course, we hope that if that ever happens, hopefully not, then this will really be a red line. And then we’ll have, you know, an intervention of some sort.”  READ MORE: Russian troops cut off in devastating blow to Putin's war plan NATO’s official charter doesn’t reference member nations having to stage an intervention when chemical weapons are used. But if such arms were to come into play, it would apply greater pressure for the alliance to take action beyond just sanctions. Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation’s (NATO) charter states that when a country with membership status is attacked, other allies must come to its aid. Ukraine is not a member of NATO so the alliance is under no obligation to provide troop support to Kyiv.  Last month, President Putin stoked tensions around the world when he increased Russia’s deterrent forces - including nuclear weapons - to “special alert”. The 69-year-old blamed “aggressive statements” from the West as to why he made the decision. Despite the development’s alarming nature, it doesn't mean that he intends to use Russia’s nuclear arsenal. Moscow owns the biggest stockpile of nuclear weapons in the world - 4,447 warheads - according to the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists.  DON'T MISS: Putin hit with betrayal as Belarusian troops turn on Russian war [EXPLAINED]EU diplomat: Brexit Britain 'made the difference' in Ukraine's war [INSIGHT]EU savaged after Verhofstadt wades into Boris backlash [NEWS] Of that number, 1,588 are deployed on ballistic missiles and heavy bomber bases. Meanwhile, the Kremlin keeps a further 977 strategic warheads and 1,912 nonstrategic warheads in reserve. Russia has admitted to using heavily regulated thermobaric weapons during the war. The weapons are capable of causing horrific damage, and Moscow has not publicly revealed when they have been used.  Amnesty International has said international humanitarian law prohibits the use of inherently indiscriminate weapons, such as thermobaric munitions. Launching indiscriminate attacks that kill or injure civilians constitutes a war crime. A vacuum bomb, or thermobaric weapon, sucks in oxygen from the surrounding air to generate a high-temperature explosion. Typically, it produces a blast wave of a significantly longer duration than that of a conventional explosive, and is capable of vaporising human bodies. 