Currently, we may only import four per cent of our gas needs from Russia but that amounts to £2billion a year going into Putin's warmongering pockets. The NHS spent £77million of taxpayers' money on buying energy from Russian corporate giant Gazprom last year. We must stop funding gangster states and start producing more of our own gas and oil. It follows US President Biden banning all imports of Russian oil and gas - the only message that will get through to Putin. Last week, the former head of MI6 Sir Richard Dearlove, called for an immediate lifting of our fracking moratorium. "I applaud the objective, as we all do, to move to Net-Zero," he said, "but we need a policy that is practical and achievable. And of course gas, the sort of quality gas the Americans produce through fracking, is going to be the transfer fuel of the future." It's no good setting up international sanctions against Russia to punish it for invading Ukraine if we promptly undermine that action by continuing to buy Putin's gas and oil. Germany imports 48 per cent of its gas from Russia and is finally recognising the folly of this by deciding to reopen its coal-fired power stations and nuclear reactors. For too long Chancellor Angela Merkel cosied up to Putin because she believed she could keep the peace and follow a green agenda by buying gas from him. That has been exposed as weakness. Without doubt, COP26 put out a powerful message to Putin last year that Net-Zero matters more to Boris and other Western leaders than energy security, putting Russia in a very strong position as the chief provider of carbon energy to Europe. That, combined with President Biden's chaotic evacuation from Afghanistan, revealed that the West was weak and gave him the window of opportunity to invade Ukraine. But not only would home-produced energy give us greater security and deny funds to Russia, it would also generate the wealth we need to recover from two years of lockdowns. Energy prices are at an all-time high and the UK should be making the most of that, just as the US is, by exporting our own energy to other nations needy for power that would usually come from Russia. Energy exporter Norway has the largest sovereign wealth fund in the world with over $1.3trillion in assets derived from the surplus revenues of its North Sea oil rigs, which works out at $250,000 per Norwegian citizen. Three per cent of this is withdrawn by the Norwegian government every year to be used on essential projects. With international energy prices rising, the Norwegian government has said it will subsidise 80 per cent of electricity costs for domestic consumers. Why aren't we doing that? We have a huge untapped reservoir of gas and oil energy beneath our land and seas and that should be used in a British sovereign wealth fund to help cover the extraordinary current cost of household energy. The terrible truth is that the British government has mishandled our potential energy bonanza in the pursuit of a green Net-Zero agenda that has made us weaker, poorer and colder. It is good news then that our Prime Minister and Chancellor Rishi Sunak are finally waking up to this predicament by encouraging the exploration of North Sea oil and gas fields and banning Russian energy, although Scottish leader Nicola Sturgeon in a desperate political alliance with the Green Party is proving reluctant on this front.