Former Manchester United striker Ruud van Nistelrooy will put to use the tricks of the trade he learned from Sir Alex Ferguson when he embarks on his first managerial role next season. Van Nistelrooy has been appointed manager of PSV Eindhoven on a three-year deal from the 2022/23 campaign and his coaching influences promise an exciting tenure ahead.    The 45-year-old established himself as a true United legend during a goal-filled five-year stay at Old Trafford. The Dutchman netted 150 times in 219 games in all competitions for the club between 2001 and 2006, helping to win the Premier League, FA Cup and League Cup under Ferguson’s management. After playing for Real Madrid, Hamburg and Malaga, he retired in 2012 and immediately went into coaching, spending time as assistant under Guus Hiddink with the Netherlands and in the PSV youth set-up, where he has ascended to managing Jong PSV, the club’s reserve side. With Roger Schmidt leaving when his contract expires at the end of the season, the opportunity has arisen for Van Nistelrooy to step up. He has grasped the chance to take over a club who are currently second in the Eredivisie, two points behind rivals Ajax, and will draw on Ferguson’s playbook when he gets into the hot seat.  JUST IN: Chelsea star N'Golo Kante 'turned down' PSG move after phone call “My years under Sir Alex Ferguson were massive,” Van Nistelrooy said in December. “There, at the training grounds, in the dressing room, and in the build up to matches, I learnt something really vital: how to maintain your high level of playing. “At Manchester United, you were brought in to score 30 goals – and you learned how to cope with that in your head. I played under Sir Bobby Robson – and I learnt other things from them, too, which I will certainly use in my career as a manager.”  DON'T MISS Neville claims Liverpool fans only 'quiet' on ownership due to success Arsenal have CL advantage over Man Utd in Darwin Nunez transfer Premier League rule change would cause further issues for three teams As well as spending five years under the wing of Ferguson, Van Nistelrooy also played for Robson for a season during the early years of his career with PSV. Both legendary British managers were renowned for their man-management skills – and that is something Van Nistelrooy hopes to put into use with PSV next season. “As a young player I saw the way in which Sir Alex and Sir Bobby were slaughtered by the media,” he said. “I used to think ‘oh dear, our manager is going to be right down in the dumps today after all this. But they would both walk in really cheerfully! “They had been under fire so many times or had been given outrageous praise the other way that it didn't even affect them anymore. Sir Alex and Sir Bobby would get all this s**t piled on them, but they did not give the slightest inkling that it had upset them. They would work with us, the players, as if nothing had happened. It is a wonderful quality, which I would like to have as a manager.” 