Britons will now be sent a code by their bank — usually to their mobile phone — when they make a payment online or they will need to enter this at the checkout for the payment to be approved. The change that came into effect on Monday has already affected many people who have had problems with their mobile signal and have not been able to provide the code. Marie tweeted BBC Money Box and said: “We have so many problems when we’re asked to input a code sent by text. “We have no mobile signal in our house so I have to go outside and wait. “Often it comes too late and the site won’t accept the code.” People who cannot provide this code will have their payments declined. READ MORE: Over 60s could lose free NHS prescriptions but some people are exempt - are you? There was over £350million stolen through card fraud in 2020 so the regulators are keen to put in extra steps of protection, he explained. Shoppers will now need to prove their identity before making payments online. People may now have to put in a code, sent by their banks before a transaction goes through. He said: “You can choose to have an SMS message with six digits that you can key in and complete the transaction. “Or you can do it through your mobile banking app. “And the third way is that we send out physical readers which people that don’t have a mobile phone can actually put their physical card in and that will give them the code. “It’s going to be a big change for sure.” Britons with no mobile signal have been reassured there are ways to make their payments. Helen Saxon, Deputy Editor at Money Saving Expert said: “It’s got to be a technology based solution if it’s online. “Some banks can ring your landline and give you a code that way, but it is about getting a code one way or another. “So if it’s not the phone, it will have to be the card reader, it does have to be whatever works for you.” Mr Cameron stated that Barclaycard will send Britons card readers for free if they need one, and if they have a bad mobile signal, it is “not a bad backup plan”. Additionally, people can use “mobile over wifi”. Ms Saxon said: “It is definitely a good thing to have on if you’re in a home or outside without mobile signal. “You can use this on public wifi as well. It’s usually just a little button - you turn it on, it’s called wifi calling, and hopefully this will give you a solution.” BBC Moneybox is available to listen to on BBC Sounds.