Crown Princess Victoria resides at the stunning Swedish Haga Palace with husband Prince Daniel and her two children, Princess Estelle and Prince Oscar. Haga Palace is in Haga Park in Solna, Sweden. Steeped in history, the building was constructed in 1802 and designed by King Gustav IV Adolf’s commissioned architect, Carl Christoffer Gjörwell. According to the Royal Court, it was not initially intended as an official building, but instead as a home. Indeed, it was designed to house the King’s children, originally given the name of Barens Palais, meaning ‘the children’s palace’. READ MORE: 'Great product' to use daily on the toilet to prevent stains Interestingly, the palace was used to house homeless orphans after the First World War. Haga Palace in modern times is vastly different from its historical appearance. In 1932, refurbishments included the installation of fireplaces, bathrooms, and the remodelling of the kitchen, with original decorations. The private quarters, consisting of an impressive 25 rooms, are on the first and second floors. Crown Princess Victoria shares this home with her husband Prince Daniel and their two children, Princess Estelle and Prince Oscar. They are 10-years-old and eight, respectively, and the home is suggestive of idyllic family life. From photos of the palace, despite it being lavish grand and fit for royalty, it also appears welcoming and homely. The outside of the royal home boasts a simple classical design with a balcony supported by four columns crafted out of marble. One room contains a large table with a white table cloth, an off-white carpet and light blue curtains. A recurring motif in the interior decoration is gold, with a striking gold chandelier and gold on the backs of white chairs. The royal couple sit happily in front of a small pot of white and yellow flowers. Crown Princess Victoria seems to gravitate towards minimalist interior decoration. The room is largely cream and white, with a white desk and white candlesticks, and the only pop of colour is two pale green sofas in the corner of the room. The home has a light and airy feel, with thin white blinds allowing sunlight into the room. Prince Daniel’s office space contains a grand bookcase filled to the brim, as well as a large wooded desk and artwork hanging on the wall, again with a gold frame. The vast outdoor space is perfect for the royals’ two young children, and is filled with beautiful daisies.