A man by the name of Brian Spencer explained he lost his wife and is unable to visit his children in Australia and so hopes he can spend his time helping civilians in Ukraine. He explained he was a former Royal Navy pilot and helped out in Kosovo when war broke out. The elderly man admitted while he may not be suited for fighting, he would do it if he "has to" and can help with driving ambulances and "patching up" soldiers. Speaking on Romanian outlet Hot News, Mr Spencer introduced himself and said: “It's been a long while since I've been in Bucharest. “I'm an old man of 81-years of age, my wife has died and I’m on my own. “I want to help people. I've always wanted to help people. “And this is what I would like to do, no matter what, I can drive an ambulance. READ MORE: Prince Michael returns top Kremlin honour to Russia “I can fight fires, I was in the Royal Navy, I was trained as a fireman, I can do quite a few jobs. “I'm a good shot but I don't really want to get involved with the fighting bit but if I have to, I will. “We'll see what the situation is when I get there, if they can’t make any use of me then I will go back home - but at least I'm going to try.” Mr Spencer said he could “patch men up or I can drive an ambulance” as he was eager to help in Ukraine.  He continued: “I have two children but they listened to me, they emigrated to Australia away from all this trouble. “They've got a very good life in Australia, they've done really well for themselves. “Now I can't go because I'm over 80 and I have to have a strict medical but I don’t think I will pass that. “So probably won't see them ever again but they're doing well.” The caller then explained he was in the Royal Navy as a pilot and helped civilians in Kosovo when war broke out there. DON'T MISS:Macron issues grim warning moments after Putin phone call [REPORT]Truss jets to EU TODAY for urgent Putin talks [REVEAL]Michael Heseltine mocks Jacob Rees-Mogg over job [COMMENT]  Volunteers from across the world have arrived in Ukraine who say they are willing to fight against Russian forces. Dozens in the UK have enrolled at the Ukrainian embassy with a wide range of no military experience to hardened veterans. The Ukrainian embassy in Washington says it has received over 3,000 applications from US citizens who want to fight. President Zelensky claims more than 16,000 volunteers have agreed to fight for Ukraine after he set up a foreign legion of willing participants. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said those who wanted to fight in Ukraine could do so but the comment drew some controversy among her Tory peers. Armed Forces Minister James Heappey and Defence Secretary Ben Wallace argued against the move but said if people wanted to then only experienced military personnel should go. British Army officers have warned soldiers not to “go rogue” and join the conflict. 