As the Queen's second son, Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson's two daughters were given Princess titles from birth, entitling them to be known as Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie of York. But when the Queen's third son Prince Edward welcomed his daughter Lady Louise Windsor in 2003, she was not styled as Princess Louise of Wessex - despite being a granddaughter of the Queen through the male line like Beatrice and Eugenie. Express.co.uk spoke to royal historian Marlene Koenig to get her take on the difference between the royal titles of the Queen's granddaughters. Under the 1917 Letters Patent issued by the Queen's grandfather, King George V, only the children of the Sovereign, the Sovereign's grandchildren through the monarch's sons, and the eldest son of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales is entitled to a Prince or Princess title in the Royal Family. So through their father Prince Andrew, Beatrice and Eugenie were eligible for their Princess titles at birth under this convention. Despite their royal titles, Beatrice and Eugenie are not working members of the Royal Family, although it may have been hoped that they would be when they were born in 1988 and 1990, respectively. When asked if it was hoped Beatrice and Eugenie would be working royals when they were born, Ms Koenig said "absolutely".  READ MORE: Kevin Costner once discussed Meghan Markle’s life: ‘Enough attention’ But a series of royal scandals, and the arrival of a new slimmer outlook for the future Royal Family, may have contributed to why Beatrice and Eugenie are non-working royals now. The royal historian explained: "This has been my view for many, many years. I think if there were no scandals in the 1990s, Charles and Diana, Andrew and Sarah, and to a lesser extent Anne and Mark." She added: "It is possible that say Andrew and Sarah had remained a happily married couple, I do think those girls would be working royals. "Back in the late 1990s, there was a group called the Way Ahead group. It included senior royals, advisors and I believe some government officials, and it was already discussed that the Royal Family would be slimmed down."  The Way Ahead Group was set up to ensure Britain's monarchy remained relevant in the modern age, and discussions were held about who would be working members of the institution. And according to Ms Koenig, it was decided in the late 1990s that the York Princesses would not be working royals, but there were also discussions about their royal titles and the titles of future royal children. She explained: "There was also talk they would lose their royal titles and be styled as daughters of a Duke - Lady Beatrice and Lady Eugenie. That was vetoed, I think because they were born. "But that was 1999. Who got married in 1999? Prince Edward. What did the wedding announcement include? His title and the fact that his children would not be styled as royals. DON'T MISS:Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie step out on emotional day for Royals [PICTURES]Princess Anne supports grieving Queen at Philip memorial [INSIGHT]Body language signs Princess Eugenie is not ‘Team Cambridge’ [ANALYSIS]  "Now there was no Letters Patent issued to officially change that, so here you have already the implementation, it would be kind of rude to do it for two girls who are already born. But we can do it now with Edward's children. "The actual announcement said the Queen decided and Prince Edward and Sophie Rhys-Jones agreed. "Technically the kids are royal under the 1917 Letters Patent, but they were never going to be styled." If the Wessex children, Lady Louise and James, Viscount Severn, had been styled under the terms of the Letters Patent, they would have been known as a Princess or Prince too. 