Wednesday Addams is a much-loved character who has featured in many film and TV formats. She will now become the subject of a new live-action Netflix series, created by the world-renowned Tim Burton. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the new Wednesday Addams show. Wednesday Addams is a well-known child who is obsessed with death and all things dark. She was named after the nursery rhyme which mentions how: "Wednesday's child is full of woe". The character has been portrayed by a number of actresses on stage and screen. It has just been announced that Tim Burton will create an eight-episode spin-off series focussed entirely on her character. No release date has been given for the series, which will simply by titled Wednesday. Filming began in September in Bucharest, Romania and was expected to wrap in February 2022.  READ MORE: Helena Bonham Carter divorce: When did Helena and Tim Burton split? Fans will be pleased to hear the main cast has now been revealed, with Jenna Ortega starring as the title character. Game of Thrones star Gwendoline Christie will play Larissa Weems, the headteacher at Nevermore Academy. She will star alongside Catherine Zeta-Jones as Morticia Addams and Luis Guzmán as Gomez Addams. All join previously announced series regulars Thora Birch, Riki Lindhome, Jamie McShane, Hunter Doohan, Georgie Farmer, Moosa Mostafa, Emma Myers, Naomi J. Ogawa, Joy Sunday and Percy Hynes White. Christina Ricci, the actor most closely associated with the title character, will be a major part of the series. She starred as Wednesday Addams in the 1990s series The Addams Family. Details about Ricci’s role are being kept secret but she will play a new character.  Sadly as news of the new series has just been announced there is no trailer at this moment in time. Hopefully, news of a trailer will come to light when an official release date is announced. A poster for the series has been produced and it includes a silhouette of Wednesday playing the cello. Staying true to her dark character, she is using a knife instead of a bow to play the instrument. The poster says "coming to Netflix", but a date is yet to be added.  DON'T MISS... Remember THIS Addams Family kid? Guess who his real-life sister is? [INSIGHT]The Addams Family’s devilishly cheeky child Pugsley is unrecognisable [PHOTOS]Burton to direct 3-D Addams Family? [INSIGHT] The coming-of-age comedy series was described by Deadline as a "sleuthing, supernaturally infused mystery charting Wednesday Addams’ years as a student at Nevermore Academy". This is where she tries to master her psychic abilities and "thwart a monstrous killing spree that has terrorised the local town". She will also solve the supernatural mystery that embroiled her family 25 years ago. While she is taking on all of this, she will be navigating her own new relationships. This will be the character's first solo show and it is Burton's first live-action show as a director. NXonNetflix tweeted the poster with the message: "Are you ready for the best Wednesday ever? A Wednesday Addams live-action series following the spooky icon’s coming of age is coming to Netflix. And with it, Tim Burton will be making his TV directorial debut!" Fans are already expressing their excitement, with one saying: "This is the best possible avenue for Tim Burton to make a comeback. His late 90s/early 2000s stuff is some of my favourite movies of all time." Another added: "I’m trying to hold out on excitement until I know casting news but YES. This is right up my alley."  Wednesday will air on Netflix