Let us have a quick look at the background. Way back in 1975 the late Shah, still on the throne, ordered 1,500 British Chieftain tanks. A terrific order with a down payment of £400million which oil-rich Iran promptly paid. Then he fell and under a chain of pretty weird ayatollahs the Iranian attitude to us and all the West became so hostile that the deal was cancelled. But the money stayed in London and has done so ever since. Iran has been claiming it back ever since while the Chieftain has become a museum piece. Six years ago Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe, herself Iranian-born and married to a British accountant, was snatched while on a visit to introduce her toddler to the child’s grandparents. The trumped-up charge was that she worked for British Intelligence and was trying to topple the Iranian government. On the likelihood scales, this is up there with the Tooth Fairy. But she was sentenced to years in the hideous Evin jail. For six years our Foreign Office yawned, shuffled paper and called it “soft power”, i.e. diplomacy, i.e. bone idleness. Now our new and dynamic Foreign Secretary Liz Truss accepted reality and Tehran will get its £400million back. Could that not have been done years ago? As usual the score looks like: dictatorship ten, Britain nil.  Research suggests that in the UK Covid-19, now officially over, took 185,000 lives. Even that figure is in dispute for the authorities still refuse to clarify how many really died “with” Covid rather than exclusively “from” Covid – meaning the one and only cause of death. Yet such was the official and national obsession with the pandemic that every other affliction was put into the non-urgent category – with a total life-cost that has not yet been calculated. Yet enlightenment cannot be far delayed. We know that 4.7 million ill people are now on the NHS waiting list, and the number for whom medical help is already too late remains shrouded in mystery. Yet that figure cannot be long delayed either. Sceptics like me remain convinced that when all is revealed there will have been more deaths due to the panic-stricken reaction to Covid than from the pandemic itself. The arbitrary firing of 800 P&O ferry crew at a minute’s notice and by zoom lens was a pretty miserable story but as with so many there are two sides. The company had been making huge losses – reportedly over £100million – and clearly something had to be done. But round-table discussions with all concerned would have been nice. And the manner of dismissal was brutal and stupid. There is an enigma over why there are these huge losses – other ferries across the Channel seem to be viable. But in all this gloom there was one ray. The Dutch skipper of the Pride of Hull backed his crew, closed the doors and refused to let the team, sent by P&O to throw his team off the ship, come aboard. At the risk of his job Capt Eugene Favier, inset above, was standing up for his crew as a good skipper does. If he is fired one hopes another shipping company will snap him up.  My eyes popped to learn of a hiker in the Lake District who fell off a mountain, dropped 650 feet yet got up and walked away. Breakfast reading for a codger who could trip over a kerb and go straight to A & E. He must have bounced like a rubber ball all the way down. Keswick Mountain Rescue who found him were stunned and escorted him to hospital for a check-up. He was pronounced OK. I do not know whether he prays, but a candle at the altar would be nice, just to say “Ta”. The Germans have a word for it in their own language – die schande. Ours is much shorter – shame. It is what 80 million Germans should be feeling over their country’s attitude to Russian oil and Putin’s genocide. Berlin continues to pump euros into Moscow with which Putin can pay for his slaughter of Ukraine. When that country’s president makes a speech to the German parliament he gets a token round of applause. Over here a lethargic government acts hardly faster. Boris Johnson refuses to sanction a resumption of fracking for the limitless energy riches beneath our feet, continues to pursue the pipe-dream of carbon net zero by 2050 and goes to grovel for increased oil supplies from Saudi Arabia as the desert kingdom slices the heads off 81 prisoners while he is there. Is there any cause that would inspire some dynamism or sense of urgency in our leadership? National survival clearly is not enough. And future national self-sufficiency in energy is that serious and that urgent. Perhaps another glass of claret on the lawn would do the trick.   In Edinburgh there is presently an exhibition of the works of Vincent van Gogh who continues to fascinate. Though he only began serious painting aged 27 and died at 37, in those ten years he painted 860 canvases and only sold one. He lived his short and tragic life in poverty, largely subsidised by loans from his brother Theo. Yet in 1990 his Portrait of Dr Gachet, left, the doctor who treated his depression, sold for 85 million dollars. His other works continue to sell, when available, for huge sums. How ironic and tragic to note that if he were alive today and sold his entire oeuvre it would make him a billionaire. 