The United Nations (UN) overwhelmingly voted to adopt a resolution denouncing Russia’s offensive in early March, with 141 countries in favour and just 35 abstaining. Several have called for Russian President Vladimir Putin’s indictment of war crime, and several heavy economic sanctions have been imposed as a means to deter the ongoing conflict. This widespread denouncement comes as Russia launched a “special military operation” in Ukraine on February 24, which has since seen more than 1,000 deaths reported by the UN and cities across Ukraine destroyed. A total of 10 million people have left their homes in what’s been termed the “biggest mass migration since World War 2”. Russia’s attack undeniably violates the UN Charter of international law, which prohibits UN member states from the “use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state.” This should indicate condemnation from leaders across the board, but every country has its allies and Russia is no exception, despite the consensus of its wrongdoing.  READ MORE: Have Your Say: Is Britain showing up EU over Ukraine?  Public condemnation statements have been missing from a few select countries, and these include those of BRICS. Brazil, India, China and South Africa - along with Russia - formed to make BRICS, which is the acronym coined to associate the five emerging economies in 2009 as a form of alliance against the West. These five countries are known as key power brokers and represent nearly a quarter of global gross domestic product (GDP) and more than 40 percent of the world’s population. The reluctance to condemn fellow BRICS member state Russia became apparent during the UN vote on March 2, when 141 out of 193 members voted to pass the resolution calling for Russia to immediately withdraw its troops.  Although Brazil voted in favour of the resolution, expressing concerns for the invasion's humanitarian crisis, it opposed the sections termed as “Russian aggression” while criticising Western sanctions. Brazil's United Nations ambassador Ronaldo Costa Filho said: "The resolution cannot be seen as something that allows the indiscriminate application of sanctions. "These initiatives do not lead to the reconstruction of diplomatic dialogue and it brings consequences that go beyond the current situation.” Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro, who met Mr Putin days before the invasion was launched, vowed to remain neutral in the conflict, citing Russian fertilisers as crucial for the country’s agriculture. India expressed hope for resolution and urged Russia to respect international law, but abstained from condemning Russia in the UN vote.  DON'T MISS: 'Like WW2' Andrew Neil brilliantly pinpoints Putin's new plans [EXPLAINED] ‘Spy’ arrested as Russian onslaught shook another city [INSIGHT]Germany election boost for Scholz despite Zelensky takedown [ANALYSIS]   China has followed suit, although have taken it a step further by blaming NATO for the war, stating its "eastward expansion" is the cause for the worsening tensions. A senior EU official also provided what they described as “very reliable evidence” that China is considering arms sales to Russia. Although, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi stirred some form of ambiguity around China’s recent stance towards the conflict during a conference in Pakistan. He said: “The Ukraine crisis tells the world that … basing one’s security on another country’s insecurity will lead to the eruption of contradiction. Today, in the 21st century, having military groups or bloc confrontation is not popular, and doesn’t have a future." South Africa surprised observers with its vote abstention, as it often professes loyalty to human rights.  South Africa criticised the language used towards Russia and abandoned its call for Russian withdrawal, instead making a brief request for “dialogue” and “a spirit of compromise.” BRICS countries have been vying for influence, recognition, and power in the Western-dominated markets and institutions since its formation in 2009. One of the group's key objectives is to reposition the nations' economies to collectively dominate global growth by 2050. As part of its foreign policy, the BRICS nations emphasise sovereignty and nonintervention as some of the main tenets. Although they haven’t quite validated Russia’s territorial claim of Ukraine, they have affirmed Mr Putin’s security concerns regarding NATO expansion. Despite warnings from the West, BRICS members have opted to keep their bloc intact rather than fracture the group for now - although there is a possibility this could change as escalation continues and economic costs the four countries face heighten. 