Sweden could be looking to secure membership status with the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) following recent events in Ukraine. In the past fortnight, Russia’s President Vladimir Putin decided to launch a full-scale invasion of Ukraine, while Moscow based military jets also wandered into Swedish airspace. NATO has existed for more than 70 years since being formed shortly after the close of World War Two. The military alliance is now made up of 30 members from the northern hemisphere of the globe, including the UK, US, Germany and Poland. Originally, NATO was formed to help combat the post-war expansion of the Soviet Union which grew its territory significantly. However, Sweden has never fully signed up to the pact. So, what are the reasons for this?  READ MORE: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin now seizes Russian bank accounts Sweden has long maintained a neutral stance in world politics, though like Finland it did join NATO’s Partnership for Peace programme in 1994. The format allows for flexible cooperation between the two parties and is generally seen as a trust-building outfit that may eventually lead to a full membership. For the past 200 years, Sweden has adopted a status of neutrality and as it relies on trade with both the US and Russia, it has sought to stay that way. However, following the 2014 Russian annexation of the southern Ukrainian peninsula, Crimea, Sweden did shift its mindset somewhat.  The country began investing heavily in its military after Moscow displayed several acts of hostility on the world stage. Sweden reported multiple incursions into its territory with Russia fronting the blame for these incidents. Public positivity towards NATO swelled as a result, and in 2019, data from Gothenburg University showed that around the same number of Swedes wanted to join NATO as those who opposed it. In fact, according to a poll conducted by the newspaper Aftonbladet, last Friday, a majority of Swedes for the first time ever supported the country’s ascension to NATO.  DON'T MISS: Putin’s nightmare: Kremlin faces fight to conceal truth about Ukraine [EXPLAINED]Macron issues broadside claiming UK turned away Ukraine migrants [ANALYSIS]Diane Abbott accused of dreadful statement about Putin [NEWS] While 51 percent of Swedes are in favour, 27 percent do not want Sweden to join the alliance. Nonetheless, Swedish Prime Minister Magdalena Andersson said shortly after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine began that her country still believed in continuing its state of neutrality. She said: “Sweden has been alliance-free for an extremely long time. It has served Sweden’s interests well.” Although she did later clarify that Sweden will “independently” choose its “security policy line”.  Last Wednesday the country's air force said four Russian jets had entered Swedish airspace on the island of Gotland. Authorities quickly scrambled to escort the jets away in what officials labelled an “unacceptable” act. Air Force chief Carl-Johan Edstrom said: “In light of the current situation we are very concerned about the incident. “This is unprofessional and irresponsible behaviour from the Russian side.” Russia has warned Sweden and its arctic neighbour Finland that it could face “military and political consequences” if it decided to join NATO. Moscow’s foreign affairs spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said: “Finland and Sweden should not base their security on damaging the security of other countries.” Mr Putin is a vocal critic of the alliance and has previously demanded that NATO limit its expansion within eastern Europe. 