Spring is a busy season for the UK’s property market with homeowners and renters eager to move before the summer. Latest figures show climbing figures for house prices across the nation, but what does it mean for your move? With one of the busiest months of the year now in full swing, Express.co.uk spoke to the property experts to reveal your March property forecast. Research from Rightmove has revealed that March is one of the busiest months of the year for the UK property sales. Average house prices have already seen an 11.8 percent rise compared to the same time last year, despite the cost of living crisis shattering the nation’s finances. Branded as a “frenzy” for home-sellers, property experts predict that prices will continue to surge throughout spring as Brits continue to seek out larger spaces. As the race for space continues to attract buyers to suburban and rural spots, what can you expect while selling your home? READ MORE: Amanda Owen: Inside Our Yorkshire Farm star’s home  The latest Nationwide House Price Index found that annual UK house price growth increased to 12.6 percent in February, up from 11.2 percent in January. With a 1.7 percent month-on-month rise, national averages have now exceeded £260,000 for the first time. Director of Benham and Reeves, Marc von Grundherr said: “There’s arguably never been a better time to be a homeowner as, despite all that’s been thrown at it, the UK property market continues to go from strength to strength. “This performance really is quite alarming when you consider the wider economic turmoil that we’ve faced for some years now and it proves that there really is no safer investment than bricks and mortar.”  Not only is the value of property growing across the country, but the rate at which Brits are able to move home is also a particularly attractive benefit of moving during spring. An average turnaround of just 57 days has been recorded by Rightmove for March sales, with both property-seekers and eager sellers keen to make a swift transition into their new home. While high demand is fuelling the impressive surge in prices, it is making it even harder for younger buyers to make their home-ownership debut. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Jonathan Rolande from the National Association of Housebuyers said: “While demand is still high, this is being somewhat curtailed as prices become increasingly unaffordable to many. “The desire to own is just as strong as it was in the 90s, but buyers are now resigned to being older when they do it.” DON'T MISS:House prices: ‘Most underrated way’ of adding value to a property [INISGHT]Fury at 'faceless' second homeowners 'ruining' UK seaside village [REVEAL]  Brighter evenings, warmer weather and thoughts of summer gardens are thought to play a key role in the spring property boom. March is the perfect time for families looking to move before the school-intake too, further driving the spike in demand. While these evergreen influences will continue to positively impact property value, Jonathan warns current events could buck the trend. He said: “Generally we’ll see a national increase of approx 0.5 percent, with significant rises in London and large cities as people return to the office. "Prior to world issues, I would have predicted a steady rise as we have seen in previous years, but in light of current events I expect this to result in more static prices this March.”  Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea While you will certainly maximise your assets by selling your home during the seasonal surge, it could be wise to act fast in order to reap the benefits of the current market. Managing Director of HBB Solutions, Chris Hodgkinson, said: “Although top line market statistics paint a very positive picture, it’s important to remember that the UK property market is extremely fragmented in its nature. “The key to a successful sale is understanding your own local market landscape, the demand for homes and pricing in accordance with these factors. “Failure to do so and pricing too high will only see your home suffer from a severe lack of interest, a protracted period of time spent on the market and a higher chance of turbulence further down the transaction timeline.”  Rising living costs and soaring inflation are making it increasingly difficult for first-time buyers to navigate the market, but it seems March is still not the time to attempt this costly venture. Jonathan told Express.co.uk: “There are excellent and still cheap mortgages available and government schemes to save first-time buyers money, but the cost of living crisis will concern many. “Not only will it limit the savings of millions of Brits, but it could encourage some lenders to make lending affordability stricter. “Some first-time buyers may hold during a period of uncertainty.” 