Liverpool are reportedly closing in on the signing of Celtic youngster Ben Doak. The 16-year-old winger has attracted the interest of several European clubs, but Liverpool are about to win the race for his signature.     Doak made his professional debut as a substitute in Celtic’s 1-0 win over Dundee United on January 29. He has been training regularly with Ange Postecoglou’s first-team squad and the club have been desperate to tie him down to a contract. However, Doak is yet to pen a professional deal, meaning that Liverpool will only have to pay the Scottish side a small amount of compensation. According to The Athletic, despite breaking through at Celtic, Doak has decided to join Liverpool, with the chance to play under Jurgen Klopp particularly enticing. JUST IN: Barcelona have four-man shortlist including Liverpool and Chelsea aces Celtic have lost young prospects Liam Morrison and Barry Hepburn to Bayern Munich and Josh Adam to Manchester City and now look set to say goodbye to Doak. Doak, who was born in November 2005, has enjoyed a rapid rise through the ranks at Celtic. He only made his debut for Celtic’s B team in December, just a couple of weeks before making it onto Postecoglou’s bench against St Johnstone. DON'T MISS Arsenal set for second windfall as Arteta prepares summer warchest Man City and Chelsea learn chances of signing Liverpool star Mo Salah Arsenal urged to sign 'ideal' Lacazette replacement in summer window The winger made his debut the following month against Dundee and also featured in Celtic’s 3-0 derby win over Rangers on February 2. “Ben’s been training with us for a while,” Postecoglou said last month. “It was (coach) Stephen McManus, actually, who brought him into the group. He’s a fantastic kid who comes from a good family. He looked really composed for his age. “He’ll have grown up a bit today, it will given him a different perspective on life. He probably would have been on the other side of the terracing if he hadn’t been playing!”  Doak looks set to be Liverpool’s first signing of what promises to be a hugely important summer transfer window. The Reds signed Luis Diaz in January for an initial fee of £37.5million from Porto and look poised to be busy at the end of the season. With Divock Origi likely to leave when his deal expires in June and Sadio Mane, Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino all out of contract in June 2023, the club could well recruit for forward positions. Liverpool have been linked with West Ham’s Jarrod Bowen, Leeds’ Raphinha, Fulham’s Fabio Carvalho and Napoli’s Fabian Ruiz. 