Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has given Reds fans an insight as to who he may make a move for if either Mohamed Salah or Sadio Mane were to leave the club next summer - after waxing lyrical over West Ham winger Jarrod Bowen in a press conference.  Klopp's side are set to take on the Hammers on Saturday in a crunch clash which could see them go within just three points of leaders Manchester City in the Premier League table. The Reds have won their last 11 games in all competitions, and they will look to capitalise on their superb form by stealing the league title back from City after they won it back in 2020. Salah and Mane will most likely be the key to their hopes for the rest of the campaign, with the duo having scored a combined 30 in the Premier League this season - more than nine of the Premier League's teams thus far. But with their contracts expiring in 2023, Klopp may be starting to keep an eye on potential targets to replace his attacking stars, with it possible one could be sold this coming summer.  And the German praised Bowen in the press ahead of the Hammers' visit to Anfield. “Bowen – what a player he became,” Klopp said on Friday. “Unbelievable. We saw him as well at Hull and he was really good. "But I don’t think a lot of people expected this jump. Unbelievable player.” It is not the first time Klopp has been full of praise for former Hull forward Bowen. He said back in November: "When you want to finish off the situations off, you need top strikers and that's what they [West Ham] obviously have. "I like Bowen a lot. He made his way up from Hull and took not too long to show exactly what kind of player he can be in the Premier League. He made big steps." And his comments suggest he would love to have him in his squad if deals cannot be agreed for Mane and Salah.  Bowen has notched 18 goal contributions in the Premier League this season and sits joint-fourth in the assist charts - behind Liverpool trio Trent Alexander-Arnold, Salah and Andrew Robertson. He has yet to gain an England cap under Gareth Southgate and failed to even gain a youth cap. But his recent performances may just earn him a call-up. And they may even earn him a move to Anfield in the future should Mane or Salah leave.