Soaring temperatures over the next 36 hours driven by a colossal high-pressure system wedged over Europe could smash 100-year March records. The mercury is forecast to reach the low 20Cs in parts of the country on Wednesday with nationwide wall-to-wall sunshine. High pressure steering warm air in from the Continent shows no signs of shifting at least for the next week.  Weather models show the scorching blast will still be turning up the heat into the start of April. Wednesday is shaping up to be the hottest day of the year so far as temperatures soar around 10C higher than the monthly average. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “We are about to enjoy a very pleasant spell of spring weather. “Warm air is coming in from the Continent and will push temperatures through the latter part of the week in parts of the country to 16C, 17C, or even 21C. “The warmest temperatures are likely to be mid-week, and these will reach the usual culprits, the south and the southeast, and London.   “Apart from some frosty mornings, for the most part it is going to be very spring like over the next few days.” The fine weather is being driven by a huge ‘anticyclone’ high-pressure system stretching across the Baltic Sea to Europe and the UK. Warm air will sweep up from France and northern Italy through the rest of the week and into the weekend. Met Office meteorologist Aidan McGivern said: “High pressure is dominating the weather, and through the next few days this high becomes centred over the UK. “There is a lot more sunshine to come on Wednesday, more sunshine than on Monday and Tuesday. “It will be a frosty start in places on Wednesday with a few fog patches particularly for parts of eastern England which will lift very early in the morning.” Clear skies will see temperatures drop overnight bringing the risk of morning frost and fog, he said.  However, glorious sunshine will quickly drive the mercury back up making it much warmer than average for the time of year, he added. He said: “Temperatures will be well above average by day, but by night we will see a touch of frost and a few fog patches in the east of England. “It is going to be in the east of England where we will see the odd shower. “But for the vast majority it is going to be dry, bright and warm with that sunshine, and little changes as we head into the weekend. “High pressure will stay nearby and that’s going to bring further spells of sunshine and keep things dry on Saturday and Sunday. “It will be chilly by night, but warm in the sunshine by day.” Rocketing temperatures threaten a raft of daily records for warm weather as hopes grow for a blazing spring. Thermometers hit 20C (68F) in Lincoln on March 22, 1918, while the record for March 23 is 22.2C (72F) set in Geldeston, Norfolk, and Milford, Surrey, in 1945, and for March 25, 22.2C (72F) recorded in Banffshire, in 2012. This weekend will be slightly cooler compared to mid-week, although for most it will be warm dry and sunny.Netweather forecaster Nick Finnis said: “The weekend is looking mostly dry and settled, with high pressure centred over northern Britain.  “There may be more in the way of cloud feeding in from the North Sea across England and Wales, so it will not be as warm as during the week.” Ground temperatures across southern Britain will nudge 20C through the final week of the month with even Scotland and the north touching high double figures. Weather models reveal a scorching furnace of heat across the Continent bubbling into Britain into April. Early forecasts, however, show signs of something cooler arriving from the east later in the month. But warm weather in the meantime has spurred bookies to slash the odds on the hottest spring and summer on record. Coral is offering 6-4 from 2-1 that spring will soar into the record books with 4-5 on a roasting Easter. Spokesman John Hill said: “We look set for an absolute scorching Easter next month. “Our odds suggests it could well be the hottest since records began in the UK. “We have slashed the odds on the UK having a record hot spring this year.”