Manchester United are continuing to weigh up their options when it comes to hiring a new manager. Ralf Rangnick isn’t expected to get the job on a permanent basis, especially given their recent Champions League exit at the hands of Atletico Madrid. And Erik ten Hag is currently the frontrunner for the post, having done well at Ajax over the past five years. This summer will mark the start of another new era at Manchester United. At the start of the current campaign, hopes had been high that they’d finally challenge for the Premier League table after snapping up Cristiano Ronaldo, Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane. However, United have endured a rough campaign under both Rangnick and predecessor Ole Gunnar Solskjaer so far. While Rangnick is a respected figure within football, the 63-year-old has been unable to stop the club from struggling further. At the time of Solskjaer’s sacking, United were still in with a shot of FA Cup and Champions League glory. Yet those hopes are now over after defeats to Middlesbrough and Atletico Madrid respectively. When it comes to the summer, United are still contemplating their options with several names in the frame. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Carlo Ancelotti is a dark horse for the role, with reports previously suggesting Sir Alex Ferguson had recommended him as a short-term option. Mauricio Pochettino has long been admired behind the scenes, with interest dating back to his time at Southampton. United legends Roy Keane and Gary Neville both want Diego Simeone to be pursued, despite his love for Atletico. However, at the current moment in time, it’s Ten Hag who is the frontrunner to take over. What bodes well when it comes to hiring the former Bayern Munich coach at the end of the campaign, and what may be a secret weapon, is their good relationship with Ajax. United have had several dealings with the Eredivisie outfit in recent years, with the two European giants conducting them smoothly. The Red Devils raided Ajax for Daley Blind in 2014, before selling him back to the Dutch giants four years later. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message In 2019, United landed Donny van de Beek - despite Real Madrid previously being in pole position to snap him up. And what also works in their favour is the fact Edwin van der Sar, United’s former goalkeeper, works at Ajax as sporting director. In the summer, when United were eyeing Van de Beek, Van der Sar himself helped broker the deal with speed. And that means Ajax are unlikely to stand in Ten Hag’s way should he indicate he’s ready to take over at Old Trafford. What may complicate matters, however, is Real Madrid. Though they remain on course to win La Liga, Florentino Perez may wield the axe on Ancelotti should they fail to claim Champions League glory. Ten Hag may then be pursued, with the Dutchman previously linked to the post when Zinedine Zidane was manager. PSG are expected to part ways with Pochettino come the summer, especially given their recent European exit to Real. And they, too, may try and poach the Ajax boss even if there’s an expectancy they’ll attempt to bring Zidane in instead. United, though, are frontrunners when it comes to hiring Ten Hag. And that positive relationship with Ajax, certainly, can work well in their favour when it comes to that mission. Meanwhile, speaking recently, Jaap Stam praised the work Ten Hag has done over in the Netherlands. However, he also warned his fellow Dutchman the job at Old Trafford won’t be straightforward. “Ten Hag is doing very well at Ajax; he makes the team a difficult opponent for everyone in Europe and Holland,” he said. “He is very good at showing the players what to do and also at improving individual players. At Ajax, he obviously has the finances to grow the team with young players. “For him, Man United would be another thing compared to what he is experiencing in Holland. He has to take this step forward in his career. “Solskjaer has done a good job to bring the club back to the top five but lacks the extra quality to get back to winning ways. “Rangnick came in, and some players struggled to adapt. “Ronaldo didn’t play in the derby, then scored three goals against Tottenham. It’s always difficult to understand what goes on in a dressing room, but Ronaldo showed his strength. “You have to involve someone like him in decisions; you have to talk to him. He’s fundamental for the locker room; he helps you raise the level of the team. “At Man United, they don’t always play well, they should dominate games more, and in my opinion, I think they should do more. I hope the club will make better choices next season; they need to get back to the top.”