Kate Humble, 53, has opened up about her marriage and how her now-husband’s cooking skills made her realise how strong her feelings were for him. While describing their first meal together as “very seductive,” Kate reveals that it was a later dish that truly captured her heart. In a new interview, Kate said: “The first time I ever went to [now husband] Ludo’s house, he cooked me a globe artichoke, and it was incredibly seductive.” However, it was a much simpler dish that Ludo cooked which won over Kate’s heart. She explained to the Radio Times: “But it was a little while later, when he made me his version of cheese on toast, that I knew this was the man I wanted to marry. “You might think – as I used to – that cheese on toast is literally just some cheese on some toast, but Ludo’s has two secret ingredients: egg and Worcestershire sauce.” READ MORE: Naga Munchetty reacts after colleagues 'decide to step away' from BBC    In a new interview with Radio Times, Kate added that, when preparing the dish, it doesn’t look the most appealing but tastes great, even going as far as to say she would marry “anyone who could make it”. She explained: “Once you’ve mixed it up, it looks a bit like sick, but it tastes so good I’d probably marry anyone who could make it. “In fact, if anyone can make better cheese on toast, I might have to marry them. “There’s a gauntlet being thrown down for readers…” The story is included in the Wildlife presenter’s debut cookbook, which also includes other nostalgic stories and recipes about how to make beer bread, among other things. Last year, Kate opened up about her private life. She spoke about her marriage to her BAFTA-award winning husband, Ludo and also how she didn’t want children. The couple married in Newbury in 1992 and later moved away from London in 2007 in favour of country life. DON’T MISS: Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert [COMMENT]Britney Spears fumes at dad alongside close-up photo of her breasts [LATEST]Hannah Waddingham puts on eye-popping display at Critics Choice Awards [PICTURES]    She said to the Sunday Express: “For some people having kids is absolutely the be all and end all. “I would always say only have children because you really, really want to, not because you think it’s the right thing to do or it’s the next stage in your life. “It’s a massive commitment. "Having a flipping dog and pigs is a commitment but I feel very lucky that I knew that I didn’t want to do it [have children]. “I didn’t play with dolls when I was a kid. "I just wasn’t interested in that. “So I suppose that’s very lucky. "Lots of people don’t have that certainty.”