On Tuesday the Royal Family gave its final send-off to the beloved late royal patriarch, Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. A poignant ceremony was held at Westminster Abbey which saw the Duke's life and legacy honoured with speeches, sermons and hymns. All of the stops were pulled out at Westminster Abbey for the memorial service, and the congregation was full of people wishing to pay tribute to the late Duke. Some aspects of Prince Philip's memorial today were stipulated by the Duke himself before his death in April 2021. But the Queen was also actively involved in the planning for the service, and it seems many elements reflected her personal wishes. Stunning floral displays were arranged throughout the historic landmark, and they were specifically selected to convey certain themes.  READ MORE: Kevin Costner once discussed Meghan Markle’s life: ‘Enough attention’ Flowers at the service were chosen in shades of red, white and blue, adding a patriotic theme to the event. The larger floral arrangements featured red roses, carnations and gerbera, white roses, eustoma and large white chrysanthemums and blue agapanthus, delphinium and eryngium (which is also known as sea holly). Some of the flowers were chosen because they have special meaning to the Queen and Prince Philip. Other flowers paid tribute to the Duke's famous naval career, which he pursued before and after joining the Royal Family.  Westminster Abbey tweeted on Tuesday: "Flowers at the service will be arranged in shades of red, white and blue and will include roses, carnations, eryngium (sea holly) and dendrobium orchids. "Orchids featured in The Queen’s wedding bouquet and sea holly echoes The Duke’s career in the Navy and affection for the sea." The Royal Family are known for their poignant floral displays at key events like weddings and funerals. In the run-up to a royal wedding, fans are always keen to know which flowers will make it into the bride's bouquet, which are again selected for their special meanings.  DON'T MISS:Kate's 'something borrowed and blue' paid tribute to two royals [INSIGHT]King William: 3 big changes Duke could adopt following 'disaster' tour [ANALYSIS]The best photos of William and Kate's Caribbean tour [PICTURES] When Meghan Markle married Prince Harry in 2018, her wedding flowers included blooms hand-picked by Harry from the couple's private garden at Kensington Palace. Meghan also incorporated forget-me-nots, as they were Princess Diana's favourite flowers. Kate Middleton included 'Sweet William' blooms for her 2011 wedding as a tribute to her husband-to-be. A sprig of myrtle has historically also been included in the bouquets of royal brides for years. 