Red Bull's Bahrain scouting mission suggests that they are already eyeing up a new threat for the season ahead, despite Max Verstappen's pre-season claims that Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes would come into Sunday's race competitive. It turned out to be an eye-opening weekend for the Silver Arrows who, despite lacking pace, came away smiling after a spell of late drama. Mercedes were vocal about their pre-season concerns as Hamilton and George Russell were left to grapple with porpoising and understeer issues. However, Carlos Sainz and Verstappen were among those to shoot down claims that the new Silver Arrows duo would struggle to compete for victory at Sakhir. "If someone is doing well or a team that everyone expects to do well, then it’s: 'Oh no, we're definitely not the favourite'," scoffed the Dutchman, per Autosport, "And then a week later, when things do go well, all of a sudden it's: 'Oh no, but we turned it around completely within a week. Not normal, unbelievable work. Thanks to all people in the factory!'" As the weekend's action took shape, it became apparent that Mercedes did indeed face an uphill battle to keep pace with Ferrari and Red Bull. A blatant scouting mission by Red Bull engineers suggests that the Prancing Horse are currently considered their main threat, and that Verstappen's pre-season jibe at Hamilton may have been a crafty bluff. DON'T MISS: George Russell explains what it's really like racing in same car as Lewis Hamilton Adrian Newey and Paul Monaghan were both snapped staring at Sainz's Ferrari on the grid before Sunday's race. F1 journalist Adam Cooper points out that the Red Bull duo 'were there for a while'. There was little evidence of Red Bull bodies looking towards Mercedes for tips as they stumbled through qualifying and the start of the season opener, despite Verstappen's apparent confidence that their rivals from last season would come up with the goods. Eventually, the fear suggested by Newey and Monaghan's scouting mission was proven justified as Charles Lerclerc and Sainz stormed to a spectacular one-two to kick off the year in dream fashion. The Ferrari duo were off the pace last season as Hamilton and Verstappen fought out a timeless battle for the Drivers' Championship. But their distinctive design and early advantage have got rival garages pondering how they can improve their own performance as teams get to grips with this season's new ground effect cars. Verstappen certainly gave Leclerc a run for his money on Sunday, with several wheel-to-wheel incidents forcing the Monegasque to dig that extra bit deeper to claim victory. In the closing stages, it turned into a nightmare for Red Bull as both the Dutchman and his team-mate, Sergio Perez, were forced to retire their cars.  Despite Verstappen's pre-season mind games and Mercedes' pace issues, the Silver Arrows came through to take third and fourth in a well-executed and perhaps slightly fortunate damage limitation job. They now have a week to make improvements before the star-studded grid head back out to race in Jeddah on March 27. As the balance of power continues to work itself out, it remains to be seen whether fighting talk will switch to Ferrari as they threaten to storm into a commanding lead.