Russia has been reported to have extended its shelling to the western Ukraine cities of Dnipro and Ivano-Frankivsk after previously focussing attacks on easter regions. Ukrainian MP  Inna Sovsun admitted to being "terrified" about the new range as millions of citizens evacuated to the West in hope of escaping Russia's attacks. Ms Sovsun urged NATO and other Western allies to step up and help her country fight back against Vladimir Putin's aggressiveness. Speaking to BBC Breakfast, the Ukrainian politician said: "The very fact he's now started attacking Western cities in Ukraine...I'm sorry but I'm extremely terrified for the life of my son, who's in Western Ukraine. "And so many people have moved to Western Ukraine hoping that would be a safe spot, but it's not. "There's not a single safe spot in Ukraine right now. And just waiting for the sanctions to kick in, well – how many lives do we have to lose before the West decides that's enough? "I think getting help to us now will help save millions of lives, at least thousands of lives." READ THE LATEST ON THE EU'S RESPONSE TO RUSSIA IN OUR EUROPEAN SUMMIT LIVE BLOG She continued: "At least the country because I'm terrified looking at the infrastructure. "They've destroyed over 200 schools, hospitals with people in those hospitals. "Even if we win this war with immense damage to the infrastructure and casualties, it will take us 10 years to rebuild the country." At least two people have died in the attack on Ivano-Frankivsk, which had not been attacked since the first day of the invasion on February 24. READ MORE: Angry Russians lose it with Putin – 'Frightening' Ukraine war openly attacked on state TV Russian news agencies quoted Russian Defence Ministry spokesman Igor Konashenkov as saying Russian soldiers launched a long-range attack on two military airfields in the cities of Lutsk and Ivano-Frankivsk and taken them out of action Konashenkov also said that Russian forces had destroyed 3,213 Ukrainian military installations since the launch of what Moscow calls a "special military operation" in Ukraine. Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Sergei Lavrov indicated he did not have the authority to negotiate a ceasefire or a humanitarian corridor in Mariupol, the besieged southern Ukrainian city under heavy fire from Russian artillery. Lavrov left the door open for further talks and an eventual meeting between presidents Vladimir Putin and Volodymyr Zelensky. DON'T MISSSanctions? How the West is funding war through gas sales [EXPLAINER]Russian soldier warns Putin he 'cannot win' as he exposes Moscow lies [VIDEO]Ukrainian living in UK speaks after Priti Patel's major ruling [REPORT] Meeting Mr Kuleba in Antalya, Turkey, Lavrov said: "I hope that this will become necessary at some point. "But preparatory work needs to take place for this." Moscow's position appeared to soften in recent days, with Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying the war could stop "in a moment" if Kyiv agreed to a list of demands that has appeared to narrow since the start of the war. The focus has switched to neutrality for Ukraine and the status of Russian-occupied regions, while the Russian foreign ministry said it was not seeking to overthrow the Kyiv government.