Manchester United are open to performing a managerial U-turn at a time where Erik ten Hag has become the frontrunner to take over at Old Trafford, according to reports. The Dutchman is on a shortlist to take over along with the likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Thomas Tuchel and Luis Enrique. Yet it’s still not a certainty any of the quartet will actually get the role. Manchester United are preparing for yet another big summer of change at Old Trafford, with Ralf Rangnick primed to move upstairs as a consultant having replaced Ole Gunnar Solskjaer as manager earlier in the season. It has been a nightmare campaign for the club who, for the fifth year in a row, won’t be winning any silverware. United have never looked likely to win the Premier League this season, barring perhaps the first four league fixtures, while they’ve been dumped out of the Carabao Cup, FA Cup and Champions League by West Ham, Middlesbrough and Atletico Madrid over the course of the campaign so far. Richard Arnold is now the man in the power positions at Old Trafford and he’s keen to get this appointment right - having seen predecessor Ed Woodward get decision after decision wrong during his time answering to the Glazers. Reports have indicated Ten Hag is now United’s No 1 target when it comes to replacing Rangnick, with the board impressed by the work the current Ajax boss has done during his time in Amsterdam. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Yet Sky Sports say United are open to looking beyond Ten Hag, Pochettino, Tuchel and Enrique should a world-class manager become available. That seems unlikely, with many top bosses such as Carlo Ancelotti, Jurgen Klopp and Pep Guardiola all currently looking elsewhere. And all signs are currently pointing to Ten Hag becoming the club’s fifth permanent manager of the post-Sir Alex Ferguson era after the likes of David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Solskjaer. The board want to hire a new boss before the end of the campaign, so they can assist in planning over the summer transfer window. And several targets have emerged as the end of the season creeps closer as the Red Devils look to rebuild and challenge for major trophies again going forward. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message United are likely to lose Dean Henderson come the summer, with the England international frustrated at playing second fiddle to David De Gea over the past year. And they’re apparently eyeing a move for Sam Johnstone, who may leave West Brom if they fail to secure promotion to the Premier League. At the back, Harry Maguire has struggled for consistency this term - while there are doubts over whether Eric Bailly’s future. So that’s led the board into putting the feelers out over a potential move for Manuel Akanji, who is yet to pen a new contract with Bundesliga titans Borussia Dortmund. In midfield, United have earmarked Declan Rice as a top transfer target - though a failure to secure Champions League football would damage their hopes of securing his signature. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And, up top, the Red Devils have been linked with Real Sociedad’s Alexander Isak and Ajax’s Antony with a move for Erling Haaland shelved due to an expectancy he’ll go elsewhere. At the start of the month, meanwhile, Rangnick was directly asked about links to Ten Hag. And while he insisted he hadn’t talked to the United hierarchy about the Ajax boss, he did hail him as a ‘top coach’ due to the work he’s done with the Eredivisie outfit. "So far we haven't at all spoken about that, nobody, not just [United football director] John Murtough but nobody else, we haven't had that topic in the last weeks and months since I'm here,” he said. “I know my opinion [of who should take the job] but so far we haven't spoken about it so this is what I can tell you. "I don't know him, to start with, as a person. “Obviously, I see the development at Ajax since he's been there, I know a little bit about his work when he was with Bayern Munich and that he is one of the top coaches in Europe that's obvious but there are a few other top coaches. "As I said, we haven't spoken about any new manager so far, therefore we also didn't speak about him.” United previously hired a Dutch manager in the form of Van Gaal back in the summer of 2014 after Moyes’ sacking. He steered the club to fourth in the table during his first season before winning the FA Cup the following year. However, after missing out on Champions League football, United then decided to relieve him of his duties before bringing in Mourinho instead.