Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly will be missing from their usual Saturday night slot this weekend to make way for Six Nations coverage. Saturday Night Takeaway is usually scheduled for 7pm but ITV will instead be broadcasting coverage of France v England from 7.15pm until 10.30pm. Six Nations fans can enjoy back-to-back matches on Saturday but the coverage disrupts the usual programming schedule. ITV News airs at a later time of 7pm followed by France v England game. This comes after Ireland take on Scotland at Aviva Stadium. Coverage of the earlier match began at 4pm with the kick-off at 4.45pm. Read more: Saturday Night Takeaway faces backlash as fans slam 'immature' show Mark Pougatch presents the action from the final match of this year’s championship. France takes on England at Stade de France with a kick-off time of 8pm. Lawrence Dallaglio, Jonny Wilkinson and Clive Woodward provide analysis. Pitchside reports will come from Martin Bayfield, Maggie Alphonsi and Benjamin Kayse. Meanwhile, Nick Mullins, David Flatman and Ben Kay provide commentary. Saturday Night Takeaway fans will have to wait until next weekend for Ant and Dec to return. The primetime show will air in its usual slot of 7pm to 8.30pm. Line of Duty and Motherland star Anna Maxwell Martin will be in the Star Guest announcer booth. DON'T MISSWhen is Starstruck back on TV? [INSIGHT]Question of Sport cancelled: BBC show won't air tonight - Here's why [INSIGHT]Dancing on Ice's Oti Mabuse shares family tragedy as niece dies [INSTAGRAM] Michael Bublé is back for a big band End of the Show Show. Saturday Night Takeaway isn’t the only programme disrupted by Six Nations coverage. Starstruck, which usually follows Ant and Dec’s evening of entertainment, has been scrapped to make room for the rugby. The disruption continues on Sunday as the Dancing on Ice final has been postponed. The final was expected to air on March 20 but the FA Cup Quarter Final match between Nottingham Forrest and Liverpool is scheduled instead. Coverage of the sixth-round tie comes from the City Ground and begins at 5.15pm for a 6pm kick-off. Dancing on Ice fans will have to wait till next Sunday to find out who will be crowned the 2022 champion. Former Strictly star Brendan Cole, Regan Gascoigne and Kimberly Wyatt are this year’s finalists. Saturday Night Takeaway continues on ITV on Saturday, March 26 at 7pm.