With Ukrainian forces mounting strong resistance against demoralised and inexperienced Russian soldiers and conscripts, the Kremlin has yet to see credible results. Reports have suggested multiple Russian assets have been destroyed, as well as soldiers surrendering to their Ukrainian counterparts as supplies run short and mission plans appear vague.  Taking to Twitter, the Ministry of Defence's latest intelligence report delivered a damming analysis of Russia’s heavy-handed invasion of Ukraine. It read: “It remains highly unlikely that Russia has successfully achieved the objectives outlined in its pre-invasion plan.” Speaking of multiple problems encountered by Russian forces, the statement continued: “Russian ground forces continue to make limited progress. “Logistical issues that have hampered the Russian advance persist, as does strong Ukrainian resistance.”  However, the MoD delivered a dire warning to the people of Kyiv. The statement continued: “Russia is likely seeking to reset and re-posture its forces for renewed offensive activity in the coming days. “This will probably include operations against the capital Kyiv.” The huge convoy spanning 40 miles has appeared to have dispersed as shelling claimed heavy losses for Russia.  READ MORE:Putin begins devastating Kyiv onslaught Reports now suggest the convoy is re-grouping prior to a full-scale operation to take Kyiv. Satellite imagery by Maxar showed armoured units manoeuvring in and through the surrounding towns close to the Antonov airport, northwest of Kyiv. Some of the vehicles have moved into forests, Maxar reported. It added images also show convoy elements further north have repositioned near the town of Lubyanka with towed artillery howitzers in firing positions nearby.  DON'T MISS:EU throws Zelensky under bus after tense talks [REVEAL] Putin's terrifying supersonic nuke bomber poised [REPORT]France fury as retirement age HIKED [INSIGHT] Speaking of the change of plans, a reporter from Al-Jazeera speaking from Kyiv said: “We don’t know if they are moving to other parts and are strengthening other offensives that might be going on or whether they are trying to secure supply lines for an entry into Kyiv in the coming days. “It is a significant change of tactic if they are redeploying them elsewhere but if they are resupplying them, that could suggest they are getting for an offensive into Kyiv.” The capital remains on full alert as fears of a manoeuvre approach.Mayor of Kyiv Vitali Klitschko said the city had been "transformed into a fortress… every street, every building, every checkpoint has been fortified".   A leaked report by Vladimir Osechkin, a Russian human rights lawyer has labelled the invasion of Ukraine a “total failure”. Released on Gulagu.net, the report said the number of troops killed in Ukraine may already number 10,000. The Russian Ministry of Defence has so far admitted to having lost only 498 of its soldiers during the conflict. Moscow is “acting intuitively” and “on emotion” with “the hope that suddenly something might come through for us”, according to the leaked analysis. The report said: “By and large, though, Russia has no way out. “There are no options for a possible victory, only defeat.” The notion Putin had failed was echoed by the European Union. Speaking ahead of the EU summit in Versailles, EU Foreign Policy Chief, Josep Borrell said: “Do not look for division. Do not try to drive a wedge. We are more united than ever. “I have never seen the Member States being so united, and together with our transatlantic partners. “Putin believed that he was going to conquer Ukraine, he failed. “He believed that he was going to divide us, he failed. “He believed that he was going to weaken the transatlantic relationship, and he failed. “Now, he has to stop the war.” 