George Russell has defended Mercedes power units after the Silver Arrows and customer teams struggled in Bahrain. Speaking at the Press Conference ahead of the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, he said the cause of the issues was not “purely down to the power unit”.  He said: “There’s always room to improve but I think the Williams with the Mercedes power unit in the back was the fastest car on the straights in Bahrain. There’s a number of reasons why I think we were struggling. “I think we had more wing on compared to the Red Bull and Ferrari. The Porpoising issues aren’t helping things either as we are just crashing into the floor as opposed to skating along on top of the surface. “We will have to wait and see but I don’t think it’s purely down to the power unit.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen warned by George Russell  Toto Wolff had warned post-Bahrain the team would be making changes ahead of Jeddah. He said: “I think we were probably over-winged. We had too much drag and that’s just because we are lacking parts at the moment and hopefully we can remedy that. "It’s half or a little bit more maybe of the top-speed advantage, but we need to really leave no stone unturned on the power unit side. It’s easier to shed drag off the car because you simply take a chainsaw and cut the rear wing to bits, and so that’s what we will do for Jeddah.” DON'T MISSGeorge Russell shares' Lewis Hamilton plan that could spark rivalry [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff stokes the flames with answer about Verstappen and Horner [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton and George Russell 'won't work' in warning to Wolff [COMMENT] Mercedes were the third-fastest car on the track in Bahrain behind Red Bull and Ferrari. Lewis Hamilton and Russell were on course for fifth and sixth before benefitting from a double Red Bull retirement to steal a podium. Last season, Hamilton won the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix after a titanic battle with Max Verstappen. The two collided on the run down to turn 27 setting up a tense title finale at Abu Dhabi which Verstappen eventually won.