Today, William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, are due to arrive in Belize to mark the start of their Caribbean tour. Their trip is one of four being carried out by senior royals to commemorate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Her Majesty’s final overseas trip was seven years ago, since then, other members of the Royal Family have taken on more responsibility, particularly Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. As the Queen takes a step back from royal engagements, focus shifts to her heirs — Charles and William. Charles is the longest reigning Prince of Wales in history and once he ascends the throne, it is expected that he will pass the title on to his eldest son. Throughout the years, the Duke of Cambridge has taken on more royal responsibilities in the public eye, such as solo tours around the world and promoting charity work. He also absorbed some of the responsibilities and engagements from his grandfather Prince Philip. Although it may be a while until William takes the throne, his training for the role of King has already begun — under the guidance of his grandmother, the Queen. Dr Craig Prescott, a constitutional lawyer, claims that the prince is well-versed in a particular royal practice. He told Thursday’s episode of the UCL Political Science Events podcast: “ I do know Prince William and the Queen have had several, regular meetings at Windsor Castle, going through the red boxes. “That seems to be the apprenticeship that our monarchs serve.” By comparison, the Prince of Liechtenstein, Hans-Adam II, has already brought his grandson — not the heir, but the heir but one — into “meetings with ministers”. Dr Prescott explained that Prince Hans-Adam’s “more active role in politics” plays a role in the earlier preparations of his heirs. He said: “I was thinking of Liechtenstein actually because I spoke with Prince Hans-Adam and Prince Alois [Hans-Adam’s son] of Liechtenstein a few weeks ago, and it’s interesting there because obviously the Prince of Liechtenstein has a much more active role in politics. “They were already bringing, not the heir, but the heir but one, into meetings with ministers, because Prince Alois is exercising most of the functions on behalf of the reigning prince, and his son is already in meetings with ministers occasionally and he’s 26. DON'T MISS:Queen absolutely 'thrilled' after monarch treated to special LA visit [REPORT] Queen almost ran out of money before ‘generous’ deal saved Firm [INSIGHT] Princess Beatrice's stepson Wolfie in heartbreaking remark [ANALYSIS] “So other monarchies do think about this perhaps more extensively than the UK does. “But I think it perhaps reflects the fact that the UK monarchy isn’t involved in active decision making, that they do act on the advice of ministers in general, so I think it really depends on how actively involved the monarchy is in making decisions as to how significantly you bring the next in the line of succession into this as part of their preparations.” It’s been reported that William and Charles plan to work together on their paths to the British throne. Royal historian Dr Ed Owens told Express.co.uk in November: “In William, Charles does have a trusty sidekick, and so long as the Cambridges are popular and maintain their public image as this idyllic family group, I do not see a moment of crisis on the horizon.” Over the last few years, and more recently due to her ill health, Charles has overseen more of the day-to-day business of the monarchy. On Monday, he stood in for the Queen during the Commonwealth Day Service at Westminster Abbey. It was also announced that Charles and Camilla will travel to Rwanda in June to attend the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM), a key event that sees the Prince of Wales and the future Queen Consort stepping in again for the Queen. William and Kate will visit three of the Commonwealth countries during their trip this week. Their Royal Tour comes at a critical time for the Royal Family’s relationship with the Commonwealth, as several nations are considering severing ties with the monarchy. A visit planned for the start of the tour has already been cancelled, after local residents in Belize reportedly voiced opposition. Following a protest opposing their appearance, the couple will no longer visit the Akte 'il Ha cacao farm in Indian Creek village, in the foothills of the Maya Mountains. A Kensington Palace spokeswoman said: "We can confirm that due to sensitive issues involving the community in Indian Creek, the visit has been moved to a different location - further details will be provided in due course." Following their visit to Belize, the Duke and Duchess are expected to travel to Jamaica and The Bahamas.