Rafael Nadal sent a message of support to compatriot Carlos Alcaraz ahead of their semi-final match at Indian Wells. It will be the first all-Spanish semi-final in the tournament's history. The two men are set to contest just the second match between one another after their first meeting in Madrid last spring - and this clash will likely be far tighter than their match at the Magic Box, when Nadal lost just three games en route to a straight-sets win. Since August 2020, Alcaraz has made incredible progress and risen almost 300 positions in the ATP rankings. The 18-year-old is challenging several of Nadal’s records set at his age. Nadal is set to face Alcaraz at Indian Wells after the teenager defeated Brit Cameron Norrie to reach his first Masters 1000 semi-final. The 21-time Grand Slam winner is experiencing the best start to a season of his career after opening 2022 with a 19-0 record. READ MORE: Nadal demands ATP response as Kyrgios nearly hits ball kid with racket It is one of his finest streaks on hard courts, but Nadal will need to have his wits about him. The 35-year-old - who has been dealing with foot issues during his tournament run - praised his opponent as he guns for his fourth successive title and first at Indian Wells since 2013. “I’m super happy for him, and he should be a great rival in the next couple of months (during the clay-court season),” Nadal said. “To have another young tennis star from Spain is fantastic. DON'T MISSRoger Federer makes emotional pledge to help children in Ukraine warSergiy Stakhovsky explains his heartbreaking pledge to fight in RussiaEmma Raducanu told to 'learn' from Jim Courier mantra with 'warning' “Our compatriots will have a chance to enjoy his matches for many years. Carlos is a great guy; I like him and wish him all the best. Probably not on Saturday, when he plays against me, but in general.” Alcaraz has impressed immensely in the past year, reaching his first Grand Slam quarter-final at the US Open last summer and winning his maiden ATP trophy in Umag. The teenager has lost just once in 2022, falling to Matteo Berrettini in the Australian Open, won by Nadal. Alcaraz defeated Mackenzie McDonald, Roberto Bautista Agut and Gael Monfils in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals in California, becoming the youngest player to achieve such a feat since Michael Chang in 1989. He then beat defending champion Norrie to set up the final four clash with Nadal.