To lose weight effectively, slimmers should be aware of which foods to eat in large quantities and which to avoid. Nutrition therapist Paula Werrett spoke shared some common weight loss myths and why dieters should not adhere to them. The first myth that Paula dispelled is that “carbs are bad for you”. It is a popular misconception that carbohydrates are the ‘baddies’ of the food world, but people should be loading up half of their plates with the stuff, she suggested. Paula explained: “Although carbs often get bad press, they are a valuable energy source on which the body runs, and even on fashionable diets like the ketogenic diet, carbs are not eliminated completely.” Wholemeal and wholegrain carbohydrates need not be eliminated, as the “real villains” are refined carbs such as white rice, white pasta and processed foods containing white flour or sugar, according to the expert. READ MORE: Prince Harry has ‘unique’ relationship with Queen “On the other hand, whole foods such as brown rice, quinoa, pulses, fruits, and vegetables provide many nutrients, fibre and slow-release energy.” The second weight loss myth Paula debunked is that “gluten-free foods are healthier”. While gluten-free diets have been “fashionable”, beyond those who have a health issue that improves with a gluten-free diet, “there is no evidence that going gluten-free is healthier for the population as a whole”. “What’s more, switching to a diet of ‘free-from foods’ may actually be disadvantageous in many cases, because many of the gluten-free alternatives are highly refined and devoid of important nutrients such as B-vitamins, calcium, zinc, copper, iron and vitamins, K, E and D.” This next falsity is sad news for orange and apple juice lovers: “Drinking fruit is as nutritious as eating it.” While juices and smoothies offer an alternative way to increase consumption of fruits for busy adults on the go or parents with small children, “the juices and smoothies purchased in shops often lose many of their nutrients during the production process”. “Soluble fibre, in particular, is destroyed meaning that it is easier to drink too much in one sitting, with negative impacts on blood sugar levels.” What’s more, one of the things that makes fruit juices so delicious is that as opposed to the raw, natural stuff, bottles or cartons of juice frequently have lots of added sugar. “Finally, the natural vitamins and minerals in fruit (such as vitamin C) reduce once fruit is prepared, meaning that fruit drinks may be lower in these important nutrients unless they are added back in.” Another fruity food myth is that “fruit contains too much sugar”. While it does contain sugar in a “natural form, together with other nutrients such as vitamins, minerals and fibre”, fruit in its raw form is undoubtedly healthy. The problem lies in juicing these fruits, drying them out or turning them into bars – “as these make it easier to eat more than is desirable”. Paula explained: “We wouldn’t for example sit and eat several oranges in one sitting, whereas it would be very manageable to drink a glass of orange juice containing the juice of three oranges. “Similarly, fruit bars made with dried fruits may contain much concentrated sugar than would be ideal.” Finally, the nutrition expert quashed the myth that “you should avoid eggs because you have high cholesterol”. Eggs are rich in protein, low in calories, and fantastic for weight loss. “The yolk of the egg does contain cholesterol, but this doesn’t make a significant contribution to our cholesterol level because we make most of our cholesterol from the saturated fats in our diets, meaning that the cholesterol in foods has a very limited effect on our cholesterol levels.”