Speaking on This Morning on Tuesday, Nicola was discussing with Phillip Schofield, Holly Willoughby and Julia Hartley-Brewer about Britain's response to Ukrainians fleeing war. The UK has been criticised for its "impenetrable" border controls while other European countries take in refugees escaping the Russian invasion of Ukraine. As Nicola claimed this response is "what people voted for," Phillip argued they hadn't voted for "heartlessness". "As much as we can be shocked and surprised, this is what people voted for," Nicola argued. "They voted for tighter border controls, they voted for us to leave the EU so we shouldn't be surprised that the UK is having a different attitude towards-" "We didn't vote for heartlessness," Phillip cut in. "We don't know where the issue is here. "I mean it's very easy to lay it all on the shoulders of Priti Patel. We don't know where the blame lies." READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell He added: "And what it looks like is a bureaucratic catastrophe." "And that's what I talk about," Nicola replied. "I'm not saying people intentionally did it, although maybe some did, to say we don't want people who are in need, but they voted for more paperwork. "There are currently hundreds and thousands of pounds worth of aid trying to get across the border into Europe and it's being stopped at Calais because of paperwork." As Phillip passed over to Julia for her thoughts, she argued: "People voting six years ago to have control of their own borders is very different from our duty of care to refugees fleeing a war zone. "It's completely different. This is just abject incompetence on the part of the home office. "It wasn't fit for purpose. 20 years ago, 10 years ago, we saw only in August what happens to the people we have a duty of care to the people who worked as interpreters for us in Afghanistan. "We actually promised them they'd have safe access to this country." DON'T MISS... Susanna catches out Wallace over response to refugee crisis [LATEST]Richard Madeley causes 'outrage' with 'patronising' First Lady probe [VIDEO]Our House star Martin Compston opens up on 'tough shoot' [EXCLUSIVE] The radio presenter added: "I don't think we should be surprised by the abject incompetence bearing in mind most of the Home Office are still working from home. "This is a total abject failure, we should be embarrassed." She later stated: "We absolutely should do more but we also shouldn't ignore how much we're doing in other areas. "We have done a lot more than a lot of the countries who are helping refugees." "I don't think we should be patting ourselves on the back in any way here," Holly replied. "But if you look at how quickly the UK can move on certain things, look at our vaccination programme, look how quickly Nightingale hospitals popped up all around the country. "Why are they not acting quicker on this?" This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.