Barcelona star Eric Garcia has opened up on his savage trolling of Vinicius Jr during his side's El Clasico mauling of Real Madrid at the weekend. The former Manchester City defender was heard taunting the Brazilian over his Ballon d'Or aspirations in the Blaugrana's thumping 4-0 win at the Santiago Bernabeu.   A Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang double and goals from Ronald Araujo and Ferran Torres saw the Catalan club claim a remarkable triumph over the current La Liga table-toppers to end Real's run of five successive Clasico wins. Xavi's players were evidently pumped up for the clash with their fierce rivals on Sunday, with their passion epitomised by an incident involving Garcia. After Barcelona's Adama Traore shrugged Vinicius Jr off the ball, Garcia took aim at the Brazilian. The 21-year-old sarcastically shouted: "You're going to win the Ballon d'Or next season? The Ballon d'Or?" Garcia has since shed light on the incident, playing down its significance. He admitted to Sport: “It was a little clash at the end, a little exchange, it's not important. JUST IN: Leeds stance on selling Phillips amid Real Madrid and Man Utd interest  "Those are just things that happen in the game, very quickly, a question of seconds. It's an action like thousands that happen, without importance." When asked whether he was encouraged to make the dig by fellow Barcelona centre-back Gerard Pique, Garcia replied: "(Laughs) I learned a lot of things from Pique, but not that. I hope one day I can be like Pique for all he's won, but I don't think there's any need to compare. Everyone should focus on themselves, the good things and the bad things." DON'T MISS...Liverpool legend Divock Origi to leave on free transferBarcelona could be about to give Liverpool a major boost over SalahBruno Guimaraes sends bold Newcastle message to Man City and Liverpool  The pointed jibe was in reference to comments made by the Real Madrid starlet earlier in the campaign, in which he insisted he could win the most prestigious individual award in football in the near future. When probed over his chances of claiming the accolade at some point soon, Vinicius told Marca: "I have to work hard [to win the Ballon d'Or]. "I have to keep playing here, do things well and always be at my best. If I keep playing like this, of course I can win it, but the main thing for me is to win with the team and win many titles with Real Madrid." 