Gordon Ramsay, 55, made a cheeky dig at his celebrity chef rival, Jamie Oliver, 46, after he opened his new Bread Street Kitchen & Bar where Jamie’s Italian restuarant used to be. At the restaurant opening in February, Gordon said it was “sad” Jamie’s eatery “didn’t make it”, but added that his failure is a “learning curve”. The Hell’s Kitchen star told Liverpool Echo: “The site is amazing. Liverpool is no longer just a weekend venue, just look at it here today. “It was never my intention to take over Jamie’s Italian... It had nothing to do with it being his old site. “Whether it was Marco Pierre White or Jamie Oliver, it didn’t matter who had the house beforehand. The location was absolutely spot on. “Where Jamie failed, there’s a big learning curve for all of us. One man’s failure is the next man’s success.” READ MORE:Demi Rose flashes derriere in tiny thong as model strips off He went on to explain that he and Jamie are “mates”, even though “everyone thinks they are not”. Gordon recalled: “Two summers ago we sat in the garden with our kids and had an amazing evening talking, drinking, laughing, crying and just having a proper heart-to-heart.” In 2019, Jamie was forced to close his Jamie’s Italian chain after racking up debts of more than £80million. Over 1,000 staff lost their jobs and councils were reportedly £1.2million out of pocket due to unpaid business rates, according to The Mirror. Along with the Liverpool site, 11 of Jamie's restaurants in London shut down, as well as in Brighton, Birmingham, Glasgow, Manchester, Oxford and more. Meanwhile, Gordon launched his new BBC show, Gordon’s Future Food Stars. He attended the launch party with his 22-year-old daughter, Holly, on Thursday in London. The chef looked smart as he posed with his daughter wearing a black shirt, bomber jacket, jeans and trainers. DON'T MISSOur Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update[LATEST]Louise Minchin praises Carol Kirkwood on move away from BBC Breakfast[INSIGHT]Robbie Williams says he and wife have nowhere to live[NEWS] Holly looked stunning in a bright purple Fendi bodysuit, paired with black mom jeans and boots. She accessorised the outfit with a gold necklace, bracelet and watch as the pair beamed at cameras. The upcoming series will see the Michelin-starred chef hunt for an entrepreneur who runs an exciting or innovative food or drink business. Gordon will put contestants through a series of challenges and the winner will receive a £150,000 investment of Gordon’s own cash. Among the 12 hopefuls selected to take part is 28-year-old Asher from Wales who has created unusually flavoured jams and marmalades and former navy lieutenant, Steph, 30, who is inspired by Japanese beverages. In a trailer released on Saturday, Gordon says he will push the entrepreneurs “to their limits”. In a teaser of what is to come, the clip sees contestants jumping from helicopters, off cliffs and struggling to cope in high-pressure kitchens. Gordon’s Future Food Stars is set to air on BBC One later this year, however an exact release date has not been confirmed yet.