Kate, 40, and Prince William, 39, are on the fifth day of their eight-day tour of the Caribbean. They travelled to Central American nation Belize before arriving in Jamaica for more engagements on Tuesday. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge received a warm welcome after they touched down at Norman Manley International Airport in Kingston. At the official welcoming, Kate appeared in a bright yellow dress – a nod to one of the colours in Jamaica’s national flag. Bethan Holt, the Daily Telegraph’s fashion news and features director, spoke about Kate’s role during Channel 5’s ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’ earlier this month. She said: “I think behind the scenes there is this very distinct operation to elevate her as the new star of the Royal Family.” Daily Mail columnist Richard Kay also commented on how Kate was now brimming with confidence during her public outings compared to her early days in the Royal Family when she sometimes cut a more nervous figure. He said: “It took a while for her to become the confident figure that she is today.” However, he also added: “She now controls that red carpet like it is her own. “It is almost as though she was born to it. “She seems very natural, very assured, she talks easily to people.” The two experts analysed Kate’s appearance at the world premiere of James Bond film, ‘No Time To Die’ in September. The Duchess took to the red carpet at the event alongside William, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. The commentators touted Kate’s assured appearance in a dazzling gold dress as one of the latest signs that she was ready for her future role as Queen consort. DON'T MISS: 'They're getting cross!' Prince William and Kate in stitches after awkward photo moment [LATEST]Kate Middleton and Prince William’s horror as plane once caught in ‘heavy thunderstorms’ [INSIGHT]Royal poll: Are Commonwealth countries waiting for Queen to die to oust royals? [ANALYSIS] Ms Holt said: “It was a real moment for her to remind everyone that she is the future Queen. “That she is a glamorous young woman, and everyone could really see that from this dress choice.” The dress Kate wore was created by Jenny Packham, a favourite fashion designer of the Duchess. The outfit also caught Mr Kay’s eye, with the expert hailing Kate’s look. He said: “She was dressed in this amazing outfit, gold, sparkling with crystals, sequins and beads. “She looked a million dollars.” ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’ is available to stream on My5.