For a second time this week, a burst of dusty, warm wind has formed during sandstorms in the northern African Sahara desert and then crossed over to Spain. The phenomenon, known as calima, has added a reddish layer to the country's skies. But weather warnings have been issued, with particular caution advised in the south. Sands kicked up in the Sahara in February and March have travelled as far as Latin America in the past. Winds brought by Storm Celia, named by the Portuguese Met Office, brought doses of sand to the UK last week, covering cars in Brighton, and forming orange clouds in London and elsewhere in the south-east. Met Office meteorologist Dan Stroud said: "The dust in the atmosphere causes the light to be more refracted, so you get the dominance of the red and orange tinges of the spectrum." It later moved north through Europe, reaching as far as Denmark. READ MORE: 'Annoying delays' on flights to Spain, Canary Islands, Portugal The European Union's Copernicus Atmosphere Monitoring Service said in a statement: "The current concentrations of particulate matter in the transports are exceptionally high, and some studies predict that climate change will result in even more intense Saharan dust storms in the future." Spain is often impacted by the winds and storms coming from the Sahara and Sahel deserts, as only the narrow Strait of Gibraltar splits it from Morocco. The Canary Islands, the Spanish archipelago off the north-western coast of Africa, is used to such episodes. In February 2020, the islands were hit by their worst sandstorm in four decades, forcing the closure of airports at a prime time for tourism from northern Europe, as the regions enjoy mild temperatures and much sought-after sun. While Andalusia, Gibraltar, Ceuta and Melilla are usually the ones hardest hit by the calima on the peninsula, the dust last week travelled north, reaching the popular Costa Blanca, home to the port city of Alicante. DON'T MISSWeather warnings for Costa del Sol beach destinations [INSIGHT]Britons across the country baffled by yellow sky [IMAGES]African air cooking Britain in 20C 'Spanish plume event' [EXPLAINER] On March 15, the Climatology Laboratory at the University of Alicante said that, as a result of the phenomenon, Spain was experiencing the world's most unfavourable air quality, surpassing China and India. Even the capital Madrid turned orange. On March 16, Spain's health ministry issued a warning calling the sandstorm an emergency situation and asking residents — particularly those with existing breathing problems — to "reduce all outdoor activity", keep doors and windows shut to avoid inhaling particles, and wear face masks when outside. It also asked urged drivers to show caution because of the diminished visibility.