Camilla was saddened by the death of Baroness Elspeth Howe of Idlicote CBE, who died on Tuesday night. The Duchess led tributes following the news of Lady Howe's death was made public, saying this is a "sad time for all the family", as reported by royal commentator Cameron Walker. Mr Walker, the royal correspondent at GB News, also said in a tweet Lady Howe was Camilla's half-aunt. He added: "The Duchess is understood to have thought Lady Howe a remarkable woman who did so much for her country.” Lady Howe was related to Camilla as she was the half-sister of the Duchess' beloved father, Major Bruce Shand. The Baroness died aged 90 after battling cancer, her family said in a statement. Follow our royal liveblog for updates on the Royal Family The widow of Lord Geoffrey Howe of Aberavon was made a life peer in June 2001, when she was 69. She sat in the Houses of Parliament alongside her husband for several decades. Lady Howe also served as deputy chairman of the Equal Opportunities Commission from 1975 to 1979 and was later appointed Chair of the Broadcasting Standards Commission. Lady Howe retired from Parliament less than two years ago, on June 2 2020. READ MORE: Prince William stands with hands on hips in Caribbean for key reason Announcing the Baroness' death, her family said in a statement: "It is with great sadness that the Howe family announces that Baroness Elspeth Howe of Idlicote, widow of the late Lord Geoffrey Howe of Aberavon, died late last night, aged 90, at her home in Idlicote, Warwickshire, after a brave battle with cancer. "She will be missed intensely by her whole family and many friends. "We are immensely proud of her many achievements, especially her championing of the causes close to her heart which she supported so effectively during her remarkable lifetime." Her family said funeral details would follow in due course. Lady Howe's death happened on the first day of Camilla and Prince Charles's four-day tour across the island of Ireland. On Tuesday, the Duchess and Prince Charles made royal history by becoming the first members of the Firm to visit Cookstown, a small town in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. There, they were welcomed by hundreds of schoolchildren and well-wishers waving the Union Jack. The pair later visited the Superstars Cafe, a centre helping to train and provide employment for 20 young people with learning difficulties.  After meeting some of the staff, volunteers and youngsters at the centre, Charles and Camilla hopped on a twin bike and posed for hilarious pictures. Following their visit, the royals were described as "absolutely lovely and so friendly".  The chairwoman and founder of Superstars, May McAvoy, said: "The Duchess helped to make an apple tart in the kitchen, and the Prince helped with the gardening, and potting of plants. "He was very interested to meet as many of our young people as possible which was lovely.  "We have a theatre group which meets on a Wednesday night in our local arts and cultural centre, and every June we put on a show and it's a show which packs the place out like nothing else. "They work at it all year and they just absolutely love it." On Wednesday, Charles and Camilla began their second day of visits by heading to CS Lewis Square in Belfast, named after the author who was born in the city. 