Katie Piper, 38, who joined the Loose Women panel last year, spoke up about the differences between each panelist, saying that despite their opinions clashing at times, everyone gets on well. The star explained how this made the show special. She confirmed that there was no one she ever dreaded working with, as everyone has something unique to bring to the table. The star said to The Mirror today: “Everyone’s different in their own way, and that’s what makes the show fresh each time. “There’s nobody you dread working with as everyone’s there in their own right and brings something unique.” Jane Moore, 59, who co-launched the show along with Nadia Sawalha and Kaye Adams in 1999, also addressed the feud rumours. READ MORE: Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby She explained the “evolution of female friendship" to prove her point. Jane said: “When women get together, they might talk about their marriage, their kids, or something in the news, but each time their perspective might have changed.” The two are part of a panel alongside other regulars, including Charlene White, Nadia, Coleen Nolan, Denise Welch, Christine Lampard and Frankie Bridge. Kate said that her and Jane’s friendship continues off-screen “We have a WhatsApp group and even when you’re not on the show, it’s going off.” She also spoke about International Women's Day and what it means to be part of a female-centric show. Katie said that it was “brilliant” to be part of a show which celebrates women from all walks of life. She feels she learns something new every time she goes to work. The presenter also said that it was a “new dynamic” for her, as she was used to filming documentaries. DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury says she's ‘lucky to be alive’ in new health update [UPDATE] Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [PHOTOS] ‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [INSIGHT] She said: “It’s brilliant that Loose Women celebrates diverse women from all walks of life. “You go to work and learn something new every single show.” Katie then went on to discuss the recognition she and the other stars receive when they’re walking on the streets. She explained: “We get so many people stopping us when we’re out and about and saying, ‘I’ve been going through a tough time and the show really saved me’ – particularly through the pandemic. Katie also said that she feels it’s important to have shows like Loose Women where you get more of a female-dominated viewpoint. She said: “I also think it’s important because I’ve done a lot of political debate shows that are male dominated. “I think we’ve heard enough of the male view. “It’s nice to hear a female perspective from time to time.”