Jimmy Savile was one of the United Kingdom’s most beloved TV personalities, however, shortly after his death in 2011, an investigation prompted more than 450 horrific allegations of sexual assault and abuse, with victims as young as five-years-old. The new Netflix documentary titled Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story will look through archive footage of Jimmy, as it examines how he managed to fool an entire nation for four decades. The two-minute trailer shows clips of Jimmy throughout his career. The TV personality can be heard saying: "The big question I get asked is, 'When did it all start?' And 'Why?'" In a video of Jimmy on stage, he says: "Ladies and gentlemen, it just so happens I've spent my life fixing things for people." The documentary also hears from his victims and people who knew Jimmy at that time. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role Another voice can be heard saying: "As a child, you just thought, 'This guy can make things happen.'" "He knew everybody," another person said. "With Jim, you accepted things as normal, but it was abnormal." "He knew fame and power gave him every door," another added. The trailer concluded with Jimmy eerily stating: "Let me tell you something. You really are missing something. In fact, you're missing everything." The Netflix documentary sparked outrage from fans after a trailer was released to its official Twitter page. James Reading fumed: "No one wanted to talk when he was alive, now you can't shut anyone up. Haven't his victims been through enough? The stories have already been told." Andrew Clarke quizzed: "Why do you need to have a Netflix documentary about this guy?" While Kathryn raged: "I think we know enough about him, there was a doc not so long ago. This one not for me." (sic) DON'T MISS...Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? [CAST]Emmerdale's Zoe Henry pays sweet tribute to ITV co-star [VIDEO]Brenda Blethyn details how she transforms into beloved DCI Vera [INSIGHT] "I could honestly do without that," David Darko went on to write. Steve Dawson tweeted: "How many Savile documentaries are there going to be? Surely the story has been told countless times already?" "Not sure I can watch that. Always loathed him," Carol Saxelby commented. The backlash to the Netflix documentary comes after viewers slammed the BBC for casting Steve Coogan as Jimmy in the broadcaster's new drama The Reckoning. The mini-series will trace the life of the former Jim’ll Fix It star through the early years of his successful career to his twilight years. Despite the criticism on social media, the BBC reassured views they are working closely with many people whose lives were impacted by Savile to ensure their stories are told with sensitivity and respect, and the drama will also draw on extensive and wide-ranging research sources. The Reckoning will also examine the impact his appalling crimes had on his victims and the powerlessness many felt when they tried to raise the alarm. Speaking about his new role, Steve Coogan admitted it was a tough decision for him to make. He said: "To play Jimmy Savile was not a decision I took lightly. Neil McKay has written an intelligent script tackling sensitively a horrific story which - however harrowing - needs to be told." Express.co.uk has reached out to Netflix for comment. Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story arrives April 6 on Netflix. 