The current season of NCIS continues next week, after which the long-running crime drama will feature its first-ever crossover with the new spin-off, NCIS: Hawaii. CBS’s highly anticipated crossover event will also feature the first appearance of Tobias Fornell (played by Joe Spano) since the start of season 19. Former FBI Agent Fornell will return at the end of March for the first time since his friend Leroy Gibbs (Mark Harmon) left the NCIS last year. In episode four, Great Wide Open, Gibbs evaded being arrested thanks to a favour from Alden Parker (Gary Cole) and decided to remain in Alaska. After saying his farewells to his fellow agents, Gibbs was replaced by Agent Parker after he was fired from the FBI. Now, a new spoiler snap for an upcoming episode confirms Parker and Fornell will have to work together on another high-stakes mission. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one A new still from episode 17, Starting Over, reveals Fornell will be called in to assist on the NCIS’s next case. An official synopsis reads: “NCIS investigates the apparent suicide of a retired Navy officer who was in Palmer (Brian Dietzen) and Knight's (Katrina Law) grief group." Meanwhile “Torres gets a call from NCIS Special Agent Jane Tennant to come to Hawaii". Both Nick Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) and Jessica Knight will be heading to the North Pacific to meet up with Jane Tennant (Vanessa Lachey). NCIS fans will also finally see Fornell and Parker’s dynamic fleshed out for the first time since Gibbs’ exit. Much like Parker, Gibbs’ close friend and frequent ally is also an ex-FBI agent. However, Parker was removed from the Bureau much more recently, so Fornell might have a thing or two to learn about how things are done. While Gibbs and Fornell got on well during their appearances over the years, this will likely be a brand new working relationship for Parker to get a handle on. DON'T MISS:NCIS LA: Callen dealt huge blow in hunt for deep fake culprit [VIDEO]Good Sam delayed: CBS medical drama off-air for another week [LATEST]Yellowstone’s Kevin Costner posts tribute to late co-star [COMMENT] Although Parker is well aware of his work within the FBI, he doesn’t quite share the same bond Fornell had with the former Special Agent in Charge. Details about Fornell’s role in the story are being kept under wraps for now, but it will certainly be interesting to see how he feels about a new agent taking the lead. Elsewhere, episode 17 will be the first time Agent Tennant interacts with members of the main team. While previous spin-offs have been introduced through a backdoor pilot within the flagship NCIS series, NCIS: Hawaii began on its own terms back in September last year. A crossover was announced in January 2022, and it could be the first of many as the Hawaii-based spin-off has already become a smash hit with NCIS fans. Series regular Diona Reasonover is also slated to appear in the crossover, though it’s unclear if her character Kasie Hines will also meet Agent Tennant in Hawaii. In the meantime, NCIS will return next Monday for episode 16, The Wake, which will see Agent Knight facing off against a distressed and dangerous murder suspect. NCIS season 19 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.