The Home Secretary said new relaxed visa rules would allow those with family already in the UK to stay for up to 12 months. Then they will have to apply for a points-based or family reunion visa to stay longer, it was revealed. This widens the UK’s existing offer but, although she later said rules would be relaxed even further as the crisis continued, it does not go as far as the EU’s policy that anyone fleeing the Russian invasion will not have to apply for asylum for up to three years. Ms Patel set out the new refugee plan in the Commons as she rejected calls to scrap the need for visas. She said: “Through this extension alone I can confirm that an additional 100,000 Ukrainians will be able to seek sanctuary in the UK, with access to work and public services. “We are enabling Ukrainian nationals already in the UK to switch free of charge into a points-based immigration route or through the family visa route. We are extending visas for Ukrainian temporary workers in some sectors and they can now stay until at least December 2022.” She later said the Government would extend the welcome to more refugees as the crisis continued. Ms Patel told the ITV Peston show last night: “Our policies are evolving – this is changing, this is a very fluid and dynamic situation.” The Home Secretary told MPs the UK had also lowered various requirements and salary thresholds for Ukrainians with family in the UK. She added: “Over the weekend I have seen members of this House calling for full visa waivers for all Ukrainians. “Security and biometric checks are a fundamental part of our visa approval process worldwide and will continue, as they did for the evacuation of people from Afghanistan. “That is vital to keep British ­citizens safe and to ensure that we are helping those in genuine need, particularly as Russian troops are now infiltrating Ukraine and merging into Ukrainian forces. “Intelligence reports also state the presence of extremist groups and organisations who threaten the region but also our domestic ­homeland. We know all too well what Putin’s Russia is willing to do, even on our soil, as we saw through the Salisbury attack.” Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said it was still “extremely unclear” what the details of the refugee scheme were and who they would apply to. It comes as 38 Conservative MPs demanded the Prime Minister goes further in ­welcoming those fleeing the war to the UK. Members of the One Nation Conservatives group signed a letter to Boris Johnson on Monday stating he needs “to act now and act decisively” to help refugees.