  Dancing On Ice presenter Holly Willoughby shared her dazzling new dress with fans ahead of the competition’s final episode tonight. The ITV favourite wowed viewers once more, while her Instagram followers were quick to compliment its “gorgeous” design.      Holly, 41, looked stunning in the shimmering golden dress which complemented her incredible curves. The gown featured a low V-neck and cast a striking silhouette thanks to its incredible sleeves that draped all the way to the floor. The fabric that trailed from Holly’s arms created a cape-like effect and the overall look was suitably glam for Dancing On Ice’s final episode. Holly wore her hair down in gentle waves with a chic side-parting. READ MORE: Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts      She also opted for a smokey makeup look, with some dark gold eyeshadow, eyeliner and dark pink lip gloss. The star credited the many people involved with her look, which included stylist Danielle Whiteman, make-up artist Patsy O’Neill and hair stylist Ciler Peksah. The golden ensemble came from clothing brand Sophie Couture, which Holly has previously worn to Dancing On Ice before. The presenter finished off her look with a pair of delicate, star-shaped earrings from jewellery brand HStern.      Addressing her 7.7 million followers on Instagram, Holly wrote: “Tonight’s the night… it’s the @dancingonice grand finale! “See you on @itv at 7pm… let’s do this @schofe …. “Thank you to @danniiwhiteman @patsyoneillmakeup and @cilerpeksah_hairstylist for all their incredible work this series… love you girls… Dress by @sophiecouture jewellery by @hsternofficial.” (sic) The star has impressed her fans week after week with her various gowns while presenting ITV’s hit ice skating show and tonight was no exception.     Hundreds of followers took to the comments section to compliment Holly on her enviable gown. BBC presenter Vanessa Feltz penned: “Oh my goodness! Ravishing!!” While Gillian McElroy wrote: “Wow ice queen u are beautiful (heart eyes emoji).” (sic) Susan Jones commented: “Omg drop dead gorgeous!!! Now that’s a dress fit for the Oscars never mind Dancing On Ice… Beautiful.”      Melissa McCormack added: “Serious Marilyn Monroe vibes! Stunning.” Irene Paterson wrote: “Wow Holly you look wonderful as usual but that dress is breathtaking xx.” Holly rejoins her co-host Phillip Schofield tonight after she was forced to miss the Dancing On Ice semi-finals due to COVID-19. Dancing On Ice is on tonight from 7pm on ITV and will be available to watch back on ITV Hub.    