Scott Green, 50, fought for his life in hospital where he spent two months unconscious after falling ill at home. The father of six was unaware his symptoms were those of coronavirus until he was dashed to A&E, where medics saved his life and found he needed both legs amputated. They had discoloured as a result of a diabetes reaction to Covid, reports Teesside Live. Scott said: "I didn't know I had covid. It reacted with my diabetes and shut the pulses down in my legs, so I lost all blood flow in my legs and they went black. It was either take them off, or I died. "I have a nightmare about three or four times a week and it's me sitting there with my head in my hands telling me that I'm losing my legs. I don't know if it was from the day they told me, or if it's just something in my head." Scott told Teesside Live he was diagnosed with PTSD following the ordeal, which happened at the beginning of the pandemic in March 2020. Scott, from Redcar, North Yorkshire, continued: "Last year I was still fighting. I've been suffering from PTSD, and I am also suffering from depression as I lost my son to cancer when he was 17. "I was in the hospital for about 16 weeks and if it wasn't for the hospital and the nurses and doctors I wouldn't be here now. You always hear stories about people who have died. I thought - I had covid and I beat it. Ok, I lost my legs, but I still beat it. "Now I really am trying to look after my diabetes. I'm trying to control it a lot better, I'm doing lots of different types of exercise," he said. "I know I'm doing better than I was. I was 18 stone but I'm down to 13 stone now. I lost a lot of weight when I was in the hospital." Scott, who has five sons and one daughter, was in intensive care at James Cook Hospital in Middlesbrough for several months. His life has changed significantly since, as he and his family have moved from a house to a bungalow. "I have an electric wheelchair now. We had to move house to a bungalow. I still drive a car - it's all been adapted so I can use my hands," the father continued. "My wife has been with me with everything. If it wasn't for my wife, I know I wouldn't be here now. "I can tell people a lot more about what's happened now. I'm more confident about talking to people and I don't really care about what people think I look like. I don't care if people look at me anymore."