Toto Wolff has insisted that Mercedes need to 'wake up' after a failed experiment on Lewis Hamilton's car in Saturday's qualifying session ahead of the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. The seven-time Drivers' Championship winner was sensationally knocked out in Q1 after failing to make it out of the bottom five in spite of his best efforts on the streets of Jeddah. Hamilton struggled to get to grips with his Mercedes car and will be starting from all the way down in 16th place when the five red lights go out on Sunday evening. The 37-year-old had not been eliminated in Q1 since the Brazilian Grand Prix in 2017 prior to his latest outing and will face a tricky task in catching up to the likes of pole-sitter Sergio Perez and his Red Bull team-mate Max Verstappen over the course of the 50-lap race. The result marked the latest blow in a string of recent setbacks for Mercedes, who are enduring a horrendous start to the new F1 season after failing to live up to their usual high standards at last weekend's season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix. Wolff revealed after Hamilton's early exit from qualifying on Saturday that his car was set up differently to that of George Russell, who managed to claim sixth place at the end of Q3 at the Jeddah Corniche Circuit. "We tried something on Lewis' car which didn't work," Wolff told Sky Germany when quizzed on Hamilton's distinct lack of pace in Q1. "He had no rear grip. It's time to wake up." JUST IN: Saudi Arabian GP qualifying results as Sergio Perez grabs pole It remains to be seen whether Hamilton will be able to fight his way up the order from near the back of the grid over the course of Sunday's race in Saudi Arabia. He managed to sneak onto the podium in Bahrain at the last time of asking but reaped the rewards of an enormous stroke of luck and will surely be unable to repeat his previous heroics after failing to qualify well in Jeddah. "I love competition, I always love competition," added Wolff. "We had a really strong run of eight years leading the pack, not always but we kind of managed our way into the lead. "But this time feels a bit like 2013 where we just weren’t up to the speed of the Red Bulls and probably also the Ferraris. We kept fighting and this is how I feel at the moment. We need to fight. "It is certainly totally unacceptable where we are on performance, we are third on the road, and sometimes not even like today. It’s just not an option to stay where we are." Meanwhile, Red Bull emerged ahead of Ferrari at the top of the timesheets at the end of Saturday's qualifying session when Perez turned up the heat to pip Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz with a scintillating final lap in Q3. The 32-year-old became the first Mexican driver in the history of the sport to clinch pole by delivering under pressure after Ferrari had set the pace in each of the weekend's three practice sessions. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE