The Reds go into the game off the back of seven successive victories in the Premier League - a run that's seen them close the gap on leaders City and, technically, have the title race in their hands. Albion, meanwhile, have seen their form dip over the last few weeks. Four defeats on the spin have seen the Seagulls drop into the bottom half of the table. Graham Potter can, however, take encouragement from the side's recent form against Liverpool. Having lost each of their first six Premier League matches against the Merseysiders, Brighton are now unbeaten in their last three against Klopp's men. Liverpool's trip to the south coast will be broadcast live on BT Sport 1 in the UK and Ireland. Coverage of the game starts from 11.30am with kick-off at 12.30pm. The game will be shown live on BT Sport. If you're not a BT Sport subscriber, click here to check out the latest packages. Alternatively, you can access the game with use of a £25 Monthly Pass.  The game will also be broadcast on several channels across the world including Optus Sport in Australia, Sky Sport Austria, DAZN in Canada, QQ Sport Live in China, Viaplay Denmark, Canal+ Sport in France, Sky Sport 1/HD in Germany, Cosmote Sport 1 in Greece, Now Player Hong Kong, TV2 Sport Norway, Sport TV2 in Portugal, SuperSport South Africa, DAZN in Spain, Viaplay Sweden, True Premier Football Thailand, and S Sport+ Turkey. UK and Ireland readers among you who are out of the country this weekend can also access their BT Sport account through the use of a VPN service such as NordVPN who are currently offering 70% off two-year contracts and also have a 30-day money-back guarantee. Click here to find out more. BT Sport's coverage is available to live stream through the BT Sport app. The BT Sport app is available to download on mobile and tablet, along with streaming devices such as the Amazon Firestick and Google Chromecast. Games consoles including the PlayStation and Xbox also support the BT Sport, as do select Smart TVs. BT Sport 1 is also available to watch online here.  