Hollywood stars Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher have pledged to match £2.3million in donations to Ukrainian refugees. An estimated one million people have fled the nation since Russia’s invasion last month. Mila, 38, she fled Soviet Ukraine in 1992 when she was seven years old, and moved to the United States. She said anti-semitism her Jewish family faced was one of the many reasons they decided to leave. As the death toll rises since Russian President Vladimir Putin invaded Ukraine, many celebrities have pledged their support to those affected by  the devastating crisis. In a video posted to her Instagram page, Mila, who was born in Chernivtsi, said: The events that have unfolded in Ukraine are devastating. “There is no place in this world for this kind of unjust attack on humanity “I have always considered myself an American, a proud American. I love everything this country has done for myself and my family. But today, I have never been more proud to be a Ukrainian.” That 70’s Show star Ashton, 44, added: “While we witness the bravery of the people in the country she was born in, we’re also witness to the needs of those who have chosen safety.” The couple, who shares daughter Wyatt, seven, and son Dimitri, five, explained they would be matching donations made to rental company AirBnB and freight transporter Flexport. They are aiming to raise £22.5m to those in dire need of support. After their post, Flexport received a donation of $2.5m from the Ron Conway Family. Mila has previously opened up on what it was like to arrive in the US, not knowing any English. DON'T MISS... Singer FKA Twigs bares all in totally see-through dress at NME Awards [PICTURES]Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [INSIGHT]Gethin Jones posts update from hospital after ankle surgery [VIDEO] "I blocked out second grade completely. I have no recollection of it,” she recalled. “I always talk to my mom and my grandma about it. It was because I cried every day. I didn't understand the culture. “I didn't understand the people. I didn't understand the language. My first sentence of my essay to get into college was like, 'Imagine being blind and deaf at age seven.' “And that's kind of what it felt like moving to the States.” Amid the escalating crisis in Ukraine, a Russian entrepreneur has put a bounty worth $1million on Vladimir Putin's head as he pushes the Russian military to act against the president. He called it his “moral duty” to contribute to the Ukrainian war effort, making the declaration public on the networking site LinkedIn. The businessman posted: “I promise to pay $1,000,000 to the officer(s) who, complying with their constitutional duty, arrest(s) Putin as a war criminal under Russian and international laws. “Putin is not the Russian president as he came to power as the result of a special operation of blowing up apartment buildings in Russia, then violated the Constitution by eliminating free elections and murdering his opponents.”