Arsenal could inadvertently hand Liverpool a major boost if the Reds are forced to find a replacement for Mohamed Salah. The Egyptian is in a contract deadlock at Anfield and could sensationally depart in a little over a year if a renewed deal is not resolved. On Friday, Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp placed pressure on Salah’s entourage to agree fresh terms, with the 29-year-old’s contract expiring at the end of June 2023. “I think Mo definitely expects this club to be ambitious and we are. It’s Mo’s decision,” Klopp said. “The club did what it can do. It is all fine. All fine from my point of view. Nothing has happened further, no signing, no rejection, we just have to wait. Completely fine, no rush.” But Klopp’s quotes were met with derision from Salah’s representatives.  JUST IN: Arsenal 'hatch plan' to hijack Coutinho move despite Aston Villa pact Ramy Abbas Issa, who represents the prolific forward, cryptically tweeted a string of laughing emojis following the German’s pre-Brighton press conference. The Guardian have reported that Abbas has turned down Liverpool’s latest offer and an agreement will not be struck unless the Premier League outfit improve the terms of any future proposal. It is believed that no talks have been held since the end of 2021. The impasse could incredibly see Salah, who has been key to Liverpool’s recent success under Klopp, depart at the end of next season. That will leave Klopp and soon-to-be sporting director Julian Ward seeking a replacement for a player who has scored 153 goals in five years. And the perfect replacement could be found at Premier League rivals Arsenal, for whom Bukayo Saka is developing a reputation as the Gunners’ very own Salah. Saka is enjoying his best season in front of goal as Arsenal continue to impress with a core of talented young players. The 20-year-old, who has become a key member of Gareth Southgate’s England squad ahead of December’s World Cup, has scored nine goals in all competitions this term. Six of those have come in his last nine Premier League appearances. A stunning goal against Watford helped Arsenal to a 3-2 win over the Hornets last weekend. He also set up Martin Odegaard’s opener in that fixture.   DON'T MISS...Man Utd icon Roy Keane explains why Cristiano Ronaldo was 'angry'Cristiano Ronaldo in Man Utd rallying cry after Tottenham winChelsea must heed Howe warning as Newcastle clash signals change A move to Liverpool, while perhaps unlikely, would see Saka slot into the right-wing position vacated by Salah. Liverpool could attempt to recoup some money on Salah in the summer and attempt to prise Saka away from Arsenal. Or they could allow their star man to run down his contract and buy Saka when the Hale End graduate has just 12 months remaining on his current contract. That, of course, would depend on Arsenal not tying down the talent in the intervening period. But if they could get a deal done, Saka would be an electric addition for the Reds - if an expensive one.