Some viewers of ITV’s latest spy series, The Ipcress File, are convinced ex-smuggler Harry Palmer is played by former Strictly Come Dancing pro, Kevin Clifton, 39. The character is in fact played by Peaky Blinders star Joe Cole, but that didn’t stop fans sharing their adamance that the Strictly star was portraying the reluctant spy. Taking to Twitter, Mark wrote: “I think it’s Kevin Clifton from Strictly Come Dancing.” Andy exclaimed: “Kevin Clifton playing Harry Palmer? What?” While Jo said: “Home alone and just catching up with ITV’s The Ipcress File. And I have to say, Kevin Clifton is a complete revelation.” And Sarah replied: “I know! I thought it was him too!” READ MORE:'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star On Monday morning, Kevin reacted to the claims and denied he had swapped the ballroom for TV sets. Sharing a screenshot of fan speculation to his 361,000 followers, Kevin said: “So many people messaging me this,” with a crying laughter emoji. Despite not entering the world of acting, Kevin will add another string to his bow when he joins new ITV show, The Games. The show will see celebrities go head-to-head in live sporting challenges. Other confirmed contestants include The Wanted’s Max George, Coronation Street star Ryan Thomas and Love Islanders Wes Nelson and Olivia Attwood. It will be hosted by Holly Willoughby and Freddie Flintoff, with commentary from Alex Scott and Chris Kamara. Kevin confirmed on Monday that he was in training for the show, which is set to air this Spring. It comes after Kevin shared a touching tribute to his girlfriend, Stacey Dooley, on her birthday earlier this month. DON'T MISS'Will miss it!' Lorraine Kelly devastated at show cancellation[LATEST]Emmerdale’s Samantha Giles rushed to hospital with mystery illness[INSIGHT]Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma[NEWS] The dancer posted a stunning photograph of Stacey posing in a white cut-out dress, with the caption: “Happy Birthday beautiful girl. “I love you @sjdooley.” Stacey and Kevin met when they competed together and won the 2018 series of Strictly Come Dancing. Their romance began a few months later and the pair confirmed they were an item in 2019. Last month, Stacey confessed that the “worst thing” about her job in the public eye is the “intrusion” into her private life. In an interview with The Telegraph, the presenter said: “I do love my job, but I suppose what I hadn't anticipated when I became a bit more public-facing was the intrusion into my personal life. “I hadn't realised there would be such an appetite for it. That, I don’t love. But my job itself is wicked. “I find the attention funny as I am so boring. There’s no part of me that’s remotely hedonistic. I don't drink or do drugs. I am so strait-laced."