Vladimir Putin and the Russian Army have been accused of indiscriminately targeting civilian areas despite claims they would focus their firepower on military targets. Hundreds of civilians have been reported dead since the start of the invasion on February 24. Putin has now been warned he can expect a military response from NATO should pressure from the global public compel immediate action to prevent the deaths of more people. NATO has been urged to implement a no-fly zone over Ukraine, meaning Russian jets would be at risk of being shot down if they tried to attack the country by air. BBC Newsnight host Mark Urban noted the move would leave members of the alliance effectively "at war" with Moscow. Former Joint Forces Command chief General Sir Richard Barrons said: "It does mean war with Russia. "We might assert that this is war with Russia in Ukraine only. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG "But if you think back to Bosnia in the 1990s, it wasn't the governments that decided something had to be done, it was public opinion asserting they couldn't put up with this on their television screens every night. "This is going to be a really tough test. "But the choice we're going to have to face, if Russia doesn't hold back, is we can either watch the slaughter of tens of thousands of Ukrainian citizens or we're going to have to find ways to do something about it that are more urgent and decisive than sanctions. "I think this pressure will come, this debate will occur this week if the Russian army unleashes its firepower on the civilian population." READ MORE: 'Money is worthless, everyone is panicking' Nightmare grips Russia as Putin war backfires Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab reiterated on Tuesday there are currently no plans to implement a no-fly zone over Ukraine. Mr Raab also warned Putin could respond to resistance in Ukraine with "even more barbaric tactics" as his early objectives failed to materialize. He told Sky News: "We know that Putin will react to this, or we fear that he will react to this, with even more barbaric tactics, that's why we must be prepared that this could be a long haul. DON'T MISSWhat to do in a nuclear attack - four key steps to take to stay safe [ANALYSIS]Chilling meaning of new symbols appearing all over Ukraine [INSIGHT]Alexander Povetkin appears to defend Russian invasion of Ukraine [SPOTLIGHT] "This is turning into a much, much more perilous misadventure for Putin than I think he realised and it has a demoralised effect on Russia forces and it has had the effect of steeling the will of the Ukrainian people. "That's how we will ensure Putin fails in Ukraine and we're there for the long haul." The UK imposed sanctions on Russian airline Aeroflot while British Airways temporarily suspended all flights to Moscow. Germany's Lufthansa, Air France KLM, Finnair, and Virgin Atlantic have already cancelled north Asian cargo flights over airspace issues, though major Asian carriers like Korean Air Lines and Japan's ANA Holdings are still using Russian airspace, as are Middle Eastern airlines.