Science Minister George Freeman headed to Tel Aviv for a two-day visit last week to meet with key players in the Israeli scientific community and explore broadening collaboration between the two powerhouses. The country is already Britain’s top collaborator in the Middle East and is considered a world leader in a number of scientific domains like stem cell research and computer sciences.  Mr Freeman tweeted: “Thank you to all the brilliant scientists, entrepreneurs, investors and policymakers in Israel for a brilliant visit and agreement on a new UK-Israel R&D collaboration.” The science minister has been looking to strike agreements with some of the world’s strongest nations in science after the EU banned Britain from Horizon Europe. Horizon Europe is the £80billion key research and innovation project that the UK was meant to participate in as a feature of the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement. But Britain was told it cannot re-join the project until it resolves its Brexit disputes with the bloc. Britain planned to contribute £15billion over seven years to access the huge pool of funding and let its scientists collaborate with European partners. But it now appears Britain is looking for non-European science giants like Israel as part of Mr Freeman’s "Bold Plan B”. Following the announcement, the British Embassy in Israel tweeted: “Science and innovation has always been an important link between Israel and Britain. “George Freeman MP spent his first visit here learning about exciting collaborations in science, research, technology and much more. “Together we are stronger, smarter and more creative.” This also comes after International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyanalso travelled to Israel in February to discuss a new trade deal. READ MORE: Poland 'under attack' – fears for Ukraine's neighbour over Ukraine war She met with Israel’s Minister of Economy Orna Barbivai for an eight-week consultation to deepen the economic ties between the allies. Ms Trevelyan also met Israel’s Minister of Innovation, Science and Technology, Orit Farkash Hacohen. Following the meeting, Ms Trevelyan wrote on Twitter: “Fantastic to meet Farkash Orit in Jerusalem today where we discussed: “Strengthening cooperation across vital sectors, including tech and science. “Our upcoming UK-Israel Innovation Summit. DON'T MISS Yellowstone warning sign should trigger 'mother of all evacuations' [REVEAL] Katya Adler warns of 'huge concern' as energy market could 'collapse' [INSIGHT] Scholz's masterplan backfires! Putin sends gas reserves into freefall [REPORT] “Boosting our £4.8billion trading relationship.” The one-day UK-Israel Summit is set to place in the UK, and will see entrepreneurs, investors and leading businesses attend. The UK and Israeli prime ministers will also be present. Israel is considered a ‘Start-Up Nation’, where science and innovation have played a key role in its economy. It has more high-tech start-ups and a larger venture capital industry per capita than any other country. It also has the world’s highest R&D expenditure as a percentage of GDP at 4.9 percent (2018). And it has universities in the world’s top 25 in mathematics, computer science and engineering Mark Samuels, Chief Executive of the British Generic Manufacturers Association (BGMA), said: ”The UK generics industry has long enjoyed a close relationship with Israel, and it is undoubtedly a centre of excellence for life sciences. “We welcome the Government’s initiative to strengthen this relationship further and provide more opportunities for partnership between our two countries.” The UK is Israel’s third-largest trading partner, with £2.7 billion worth of British exports going there in 2020. Last year, Israeli investment into the UK was worth over £200million.