A royal expert revealed that Carole bypasses security on her visits to the palace as staff are so used to her frequently dropping by to see her grandchildren. The Duchess of Cambridge's parents, Carole and Michael, are believed to play a vital role in keeping a sense of normality in the royal pair's family life. Royal expert Katie Nicholl, told True Royalty's documentary Kate Middleton: Heir We Go Again: "Kate was having a conversation with the Queen in which she confided that she had found being with George on her own, and not having a full-time nanny or a maternity nurse, very hard. "William and Kate wanted to be hands-on parents, and they did it until September and then they recruited a nanny." The royal parents now rely on their trusted nanny Maria Borrallo, but despite this, Kate's mum still regularly helps with the children.  Katie added: "One of the things that allows William and Kate to be so ordinary is the presence of the Middletons in their lives. "Carole is a regular through those golden gates at Kensington Palace, she whizzes through in her Land Rover. There is no security because everybody knows her. "She turns up to help with bedtime and bathtime. She is absolutely indispensable." The Duchess has stepped up the number of royal duties she carries out in recent years, causing her to feel "mum guilt". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Not something he can forget about' Speaking on Giovanna Fletcher's podcast Happy Mum, Happy Baby, admitted she feels "mum guilt" all the time. She said, "anyone who doesn't as a mother is actually lying". But the royal's mum is continuing to help take the pressure off from childcare duties as her daughter steps up royal engagements. As well as carrying out grandmother duties, Carole also owns a partyware business and recently partnered with Big Blue Ocean Cleanup to launch sustainably sourced party ranges for children. DON'T MISS: US fury after Harry 'shows face at American event' [INSIGHT]Inside Clarence House with photos of Harry and Meghan - worth £56.6m [VIDEO]Kate Middleton 'struggling with emotion' at Ukrainian Cultural Centre [ANALYSIS]  Speaking about the new venture, Carole wrote on social media: "I am excited to be supporting the incredible work that Big Blue Ocean Cleanup does to protect our oceans. "At Party Pieces we want to make it easier for people to celebrate consciously—our new sustainably sourced ranges help to protect the planet without compromising on the magic of parties." It comes as the Cambridges have become increasingly vocal in their support for green initiatives. Prince William, alongside David Attenborough and the Duke of Cambridge, even launched The Earthshot Prize in 2020 - an initiative that awards five winners for their contribution to environmentalism each year. 