Emma Raducanu has revealed she was suffering with a stiff back at Indian Wells after being knocked out of the tournament by Croatian Petra Martic. The 19-year-old served for the match after battling to a 5-4 lead in the third set but was broken and ultimately lost in two hours and 28 minutes. Raducanu has also admitted her back issue impacted her serve but is hopeful it won’t prevent her from playing at next week’s Miami Open. Raducanu began her California campaign in style on Friday by seeing off France’s Caroline Garcia in three sets in the round of 64. And the teenager took the first set against Martic on Sunday after getting the better of the world No 79 in a tie-break. But the Briton’s level dropped as Martic won the second set 6-4, before racing to a 2-0 lead in the third. Raducanu rallied, however, and broke the 31-year-old’s serve twice in the decider as she levelled the scores before taking a 5-4 lead. And the world No 13 was two points from victory on three occasions as she looked destined to book her place in the last 16 of the competition. MUST READ: Murray weighs in on heckler incident after Osaka reduced to tears  But Martic eventually broke back and claimed the next two games to triumph. Raducanu’s entry at Indian Wells had not even been certain ahead of the tournament as she battled to recover from a leg injury she sustained last month. And following her defeat to Martic, the teenager said she was now dealing with an upper body issue. “I think it's just part of not playing and having so much stop start and having five, six days to prepare for matches and then playing at that intensity,” Raducanu said after admitting her back had been giving her problems. DON'T MISSMedvedev responds after angry Ukrainian calls for Russian tennis banNadal takes French Open precaution by skipping Miami amid injury fearsMedvedev fires warning to Djokovic and Nadal after adjusting to No 1  “It was a tough one not being able to serve full out so I was having to work so hard just to hold. I've just got to get stronger. “I've had it for the last few days - just a product of training hard and probably the last match was pretty intense too and it didn't settle down. “When you are crossing your fingers to hold serve every time, it's tough. I couldn't really drive up and I was kind of struggling to turn and reach. The margins were so small.” Raducanu will now have a week to recover from the injury before the Miami Open gets underway next Monday.   And the youngster, who stunned the tennis world by winning the US Open as an 18-year-old last year, is hopeful that she will be fit enough to take part in that tournament. “I should be good for Miami, for sure,” she added. 