The Dancing On Ice 2022 final was set to take place in less than two weeks but an ITV schedule shake-up has altered plans. The winner of the series, which is hosted by Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby, was due to be announced on Sunday, March 20. However, fans of the hit skating show will now have to wait until Sunday, March 27 as the broadcaster will be airing back-to-back football. The FA Cup Quarter Final match between Nottingham Forest and Liverpool is set to kick off at 6pm on March 20. This means the usual 6.30pm start time for Dancing On Ice will not be possible, and ITV have confirmed to The Sun the final will take place a week later than originally planned. However, it has also been reported there will be a double bill on the Sunday as audiences have to wait an extra week to learn who will be crowned the winner. Express.co.uk has contacted ITV for a comment on the scheduling changes. READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot? Paralympian Stef Reid was the latest celebrity to be sent home from the competition in a week which saw three contestants earn perfect scores. Speaking to Holly and Phillip after her elimination, Stef said: "I have absolutely loved every moment. It is just not something that I ever thought I would be able to do." Thanking her partner Andy Buchanan, the sportswoman added: "Just learning to skate and getting to learn about performance and dance. I can’t thank you enough." BMX Olympic media winner Kye Whyte was saved by the judging panel after landing himself in the skate-off for the fourth time since the start of the series.  The remaining celebrities in the competition include Pussycat Dolls singer Kimberly Wyatt, professional dancer Regan Gascoigne, former Strictly Come Dancing star Brendan Cole and The Vamps musician Connor Ball. Connor returned to the ice on Sunday following a gruesome injury which almost made Holly "throw up". The singer needed 19 stitches off-stage after he sliced his leg on his dancer partner Alexandra Schauman's ice skates during their routine to the song Paradise by George Ezra. Despite their traumatic ordeal, the pair were awarded a high score of 34 out of 40 for their most recent dance. DON'T MISS...Brendan Cole forced to put ice on bottom after Dancing On Ice injury [LATEST]Dancing On Ice contestant's 'horrible' injury - 'nearly threw up' [INSIGHT]Jayne Torvill breaks down in tears over Regan Gascoigne DOI tribute [UPDATE] Phillip admitted how awful their fall was when he welcomed them onto Sunday's show. The host said: “He's been tripped up, stitched up, he's next up, last week when Holly saw his injury she nearly threw up!” Holly added: “Oh, it's horrible. Can't forget that”, to which Philip replied: “That was gruesome.” Reflecting on the nasty injury, Connor said: “I don't really remember any of the judges' comments because the whole thing was a blur.  “I went off to go see the medics and I lay there in my boxers with a pirate's wig on getting stitched up. “I think in total I've had 19 stitches, which I think is a Dancing on Ice record. "I definitely think I'm someone that will just keep going no matter what the circumstances.” Dancing On Ice continues on Sunday at 6.30pm on ITV. 