The Prime Minister's official spokesman said No10 was committed to continuing with the 1.25 percentage point increase in the levy from April this morning. The rise will see someone on a salary of £20,000 a year pay an additional £130, while someone earning £50,000 will pay an extra £505. Ministers say the rise, dubbed as the "health and social care levy", will help clear the NHS Covid backlog and pay for longer-term plans for social care. Heavy pressure has been mounting on the Government to delay the introduction of the levy increase in light of the current economic circumstances. Inflation is set to hit as much as 10 percent in the coming year, according to the Resolution Foundation. Meanwhile, the price of petrol has hit record highs and average household energy bills are tipped to hit £3,000 by October. READ MORE: Council tax: 8 ways to save money on council tax There have been claims the Government is looking at delaying the increase. Mr Suank has to address MPs later this month on the current financial situation when he delivers his spring statement, giving him the perfect opportunity to take action. But, speaking today the Prime Minister's official spokesman confirmed that the increase in the tax was "100 percent guaranteed to come into force" from April 1. He said: "We are fully committed to introducing the health and social care levy from April." The official added he was "certainly not aware" of any discussions about postponing the increase. As much as £12billion per year is predicted by the Treasury to be raised by the levy. DON'T MISS:Andrew Neil's tax rise warning as inflation scuppers Sunak's plans [REACTION]Inheritance Tax: A ‘simple but effective way to cover’ your bill [INSIGHT]Britons drawn into HIGHER taxes in Rishi Sunak’s ‘stealth’ move [UPDATE] In response to the cost of living crisis, the UK Government pledged to provide a £200 discount on energy bills that would have to be paid back, along with a £150 council tax rebate. But critics warn the measures pre-date Russia's invasion of Ukraine which significantly worsened the crisis. They say ministers must now go further to relieve families of the heavy burden. Health Secretary Sajid Javid this morning also defended the increase, saying it was right to have a long-term plan for the NHS. He said the Chancellor has his "full support" in ploughing on with the plan. He told LBC radio: "When it comes to funding the NHS of course, we need a proper long-term plan in place. "That's what the Chancellor has presented and he has my full support in doing so." He added: "I think the Chancellor and the Prime Minister, for that matter, they've both been very clear that we need a proper long-term way to fund the NHS, the challenges that we face, and they set out a plan."