The Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service is due to be held at Westminster Abbey on March 29. However, Prince Harry confirmed on Monday he will not be coming back to England for his late grandfather's service. The decision has been met by criticism, and Loose Women panellist Linda Robson told viewers the 37-year-old will "regret" his decision in the future.  On Monday's instalment of Loose Women, the panel discussed the late Duke's memorial service following his death last April at the age of 99. Host Ruth Langsford began: "Prince Harry is currently pursuing a legal challenge against the Home Office after being told he won't be given the same level of protection when he is visiting from the US. "This is despite him offering to pay for security protection himself. "What do you think Linda? I know you are a huge lover of the Queen and this is the memorial for her beloved husband who is Harry's grandfather." READ MORE: 'I just love it' Brenda Blethyn shares future plans for playing Vera Royalist Linda replied: "I think it is really sad and I think he will regret that he wasn't there in the future. "I think [Harry] was really close to Prince Philip and the Queen as well." The former actress continued: "A lot has happened since then but if he is worried for his family - his wife and his children - then maybe he should just come even if it is just for one day to go to the memorial service and come back. "I think it would be really lovely if he could make it for the family she's been through so much hasn't she?"  Many members of the Royal Family are expected to attend the late Duke's ceremony later this month. It has been reported Her Majesty is hoping to be able to attend the event with the aid of her walking stick. The monarch, who will be 96 next month, has only recently recovered from COVID-19 and has pulled out of Monday's Commonwealth Service. However, she may feel well enough to attend her late husband's service which is over a week away.  DON'T MISS...Carol McGiffin slams Prince Harry over safety woes 'Why's he special?' [LATEST]Linda Robson brands Loose Women co-star 'miserable cow'  [MUST SEE]Loose Women's Frankie Bridge undergoes surgery after discovery in ear [UPDATE] Loose Women host Carol McGiffin also had her say on Prince Harry missing the Duke's service, adding: "Has he got any more toys he can throw out of his pram?" "Is that how you feel about it?" Ruth asked and Carol agreed. "I don't think there's any excuse for him not to attend this memorial service," Carol fumed. "He says he doesn't feel safe," host Ruth reasoned.  Carol added: "The whole Royal Family will be there do you think there won't be any form of protection? "What makes him so special? What makes him think there's more of a threat to him or if he's there to the rest of his family." She raged: "I'm so bored of him and his excuses it's not good enough. He's not doing himself any favours at all by not going." Loose Women continues on weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV. 