Chas (played by Lucy Pargeter) and Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) have been at each other's throats for weeks on Emmerdale, ever since the latter got her hands on the deed to the Woolpack. However, Marlon Dingle's (Mark Charnock) stroke has seemed to have healed some rifts and brought the warring clan back together, regardless of how long the peace will last. As Chas put her pride aside and decided to help Charity at the pub, who was clearly devastated about Marlon's news, it seemed she was right at home behind the bar and this could be a huge hint she will again reclaim the throne in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap. The episode focused on how the villagers were reacting to Marlon having a stroke, with everyone saying their prayers he would be on the road to recovery soon. As various members of the Dingle family discovered what had happened, their heartache turn to put on a united front. All feuds and rifts were put to the side and when Chas entered the pub to join her loved ones for a drink, it was Marlon who brought them back together. "Can we get you a drink?" Ryan Stocks (James Moore) asked Chas before he turned to his mother and hinted towards her getting the beverage for her cousin. Struggling with one of the ale pipes, Charity said she would get the drink once she had fixed the ongoing issue with the beer. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Graham Foster 'returns from the dead' to help Meena? Having been behind the bar for many years as a landlady, Chas said: "Can I have a go [at fixing it]?" to which Charity agreed. Explaining how she was going to resolve the issue, the former landlady explained: "Remember how Marlon used to have that trick? "Well, he finally let me in on that secret a week before we had the fire. What you have to do is give it a little wiggle. "What he compared it to meant we couldn't have eye contact for a week. He called it the Marlon method," Chas continued. Fortunately, Marlon had helped the warring cousins from afar as Charity was grateful for Chas' help with her problem. Later on in the episode, Charity was seen talking to Sam Dingle (James Hooton) and Lydia Dingle (Karen Blick) about her reconciliation with Chas. When they suggested Chas should help her tidy up the pub as she knew the place like the back of her hand, Charity said it would be fine as it was likely her cousin would have her hands full. Lydia added: "If you ask me, that's what's always been the problem with you two, you're too similar," to which the landlady of the pub replied: "It goes a lot deeper than that, to be honest. "It feels all I seem to do at the moment is make a mess of things," she continued, with Sam's wife stating: "Take it from a professional, it's never too late to clean them up." Charity gave an accepting head nod before leaving the Wishing Well Cottage to close down the pub for another night. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Jeff Hordley's wife on 'weight of what's going on at home' [COMMENT]Emmerdale’s Samantha Giles rushed to hospital with mystery illness [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'covered in bruises and shame’ after fall [COMMENT] However, her conversation with Sam and Lydia, as well as seeing Chas back behind the bar could give her an idea of how she could repair their relationship. The new theory from Express.co.uk suggests Charity will go to her cousin and ask her to take on her share of the Woolpack. Chas would be shocked to hear this, knowing her cousin put up such a fight to make the venture work alongside her son, Ryan. Explaining her reasons for doing so, Charity could accept she is well out of her depth and someone who knows how to run the place should be the landlady. Having spent months nursing a broken heart over losing the pub, will Chas accept the offer to become the pub's new landlady? This would certainly put Chas back on the map as one of the village's most influential figures, though she would have to leave her managerial role at the Bed and Breakfast. Charity could also stay on as a barmaid, helping Chas and Ryan with the everyday running of the iconic establishment. As Marlon continues with his recovery from the stroke, he could be overjoyed to hear his cousins have made up and are going to work together. With lots of ideas to get the punters back into the pub, having lost a lot of trade during the pandemic, Chas could get the place booming again. But how long will the peace last between her and Charity and will they be at each other's throats again before too long? Executive producer, Jane Hudson, spoke with Express.co.uk and other media outlets earlier this year to explain the next few months were going to be big for the Dingles. The soap boss said: "There is lots going on for the Dingles as we head into 2022. "Two of our most loved Dingles are going to be facing huge life-changing situations that are going to have repercussions for the whole village. "The effects of this are going to be long-lasting over the course of 2022 and into 2023. "In the next few months, we'll see drama, joy, fun, laughter, agony, pain, grief and despair hit this family. They will be pulled into a lot of directions and be at the heart of our very biggest stories this year," so could this be Chas resining her title as landlady of the Woolpack? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.