Justin Bieber’s wife Hailey Bieber was rushed to hospital in Palm Springs due to having a blood clot on her brain on Thursday. She revealed the emergency caused “stroke-like symptoms”. The 25-year-old's husband Justin, 28, recently suffered a bout of Covid, though it's unknown if Hailey contracted the illness too. Model Hailey, whose uncle is Alec Baldwin, suffered from symptoms which affected her movement. Hailey has now been released from the hospital, she has confirmed. But she called the hospital dash the "scariest moment of [her] life". READ MORE: Tom Parker seen in a wheelchair amid battle with brain tumour Shortly after the news broke, Hailey took to her Instagram to explain to her fans what had happened. “On Thursday morning, I was sitting at breakfast with my husband and I started having stroke like symptoms and was taken to the hospital,” she wrote. “They found I had suffered a very small blood clot in my brain, which caused a small lack of oxygen, but my body had passed on its own and I recovered completely within a few hours.” Hailey continued: “Although this was definitely one of the scariest moments I’ve ever been through, I’m home now and doing well, and I’m so grateful and thankful to all the amazing doctors and nurses who took care of me! “Thank you to everyone who has reached out with well wishes and concern, and for all the support and love,” she concluded. Justin appeared to reference his wife’s illness in an Instagram post yesterday where he praised her resilience. Posting a photo of the pair together, Justin wrote: “Can’t keep this one down,” alongside love heart eye emojis. It comes after Justin was forced to postpone his Vegas show when he tested positive for Covid. READ MORE... Phil Collins, 71, sits during Genesis gig amid 'frail' appearance  [NEWS]Rachel Riley fumes Russian men can 'stick their flowers this year' [LATEST]Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [NEWS] A message posted on the Twitter account for his Justice World Tour explained the show had been postponed until 28th June due to “a Covid outbreak within the team”. “Due to positive COVID results within the Justice Tour family, we will unfortunately have to postpone Sunday’s show in Las Vegas,” read the statement. “Justin is of course hugely disappointed, but the health and safety of his crew and fans is always his number one priority. “The tour launch in San Diego was a massive success and Justin is excited to bring this spectacular show to his Las Vegas fans as soon as possible.” Justin’s manager Scooter Braun confirmed his diagnosis as he wished the Sorry singer well. “Rest up Justin. Excited to see you back doing what you love,” he wrote. “The first show was incredible.” Express.co.uk has contacted a representative for Hailey for comment.