The classic rock band generation had wild and licentious careers full of sex, drugs and partying. The biggest group in the world during the 1970s, not to mention claiming to be the best-selling of all time after The Beatles with an estimated 200-300 million units sold worldwide, was Led Zeppelin. During their time at the top, the band developed a reputation for trashing hotel suites with drummer John Bonham allegedly riding a motorbike through a rented floor of the Riot House. Some of these tales of debauchery may have been exaggerated, but Robert Plant admits it could actually be a frustrating obstacle. In a new interview, Plant was asked about Led Zeppelin’s reputation for “unbridled rock and roll hedonism” during their heyday. The 73-year-old said: “The whole deal was sometimes very tough to be a part of. I think the intensity of what we were experiencing and the lack of structure was very difficult. We were flexing one way or the other and I found a lot of it quite tough.” Speaking on Radio 4’s Desert Island Discs, Plant added: “I can’t get my head around it now, I’m so far away from [it]. You can read bits and pieces media-wise but it was so far removed from what it was. The best thing to do was imagine that a lot of it was an incredible exaggeration and most importantly we were able to go home and get new perspective and grow up.” That may be true for the singer, but not entirely for Led Zeppelin’s drummer who died tragically young and led to the end of the band. Bonham died suddenly in 1980 at the age of 32 after choking on his own vomit, following a night of heavy drinking. Within the previous 24 hours he had consumed around 40 shots of 40 percent ABV vodka. Speaking with The Telegraph last year, Plant said of his time with Led Zeppelin: “It was just dumbf***, a lot of it. It would be trite to say the actions fit the circumstances there on the spot at that time. We made great music. We had a great time. And then it stopped. That’s all I know about it.” DON'T MISSJimmy Page regrets Phil Collins joining Led Zeppelin Live Aid reunion [LIVE AID]Led Zeppelin documentary title announced: 'Band access unprecedented' [DOCUMENTARY]Led Zeppelin: Robert Plant on his recent dreams of John Bonham [JOHN BONHAM] Plant assessed: “I was 19 on the first Led Zeppelin rehearsals, and I was 32 when John passed away, that awful time, people used to say to me, ‘Well, you must have done enough now?’ Enough of f****ing what? ‘Enough to retire!’ So imagine the blessing to be 40 years further down the road, and I still don’t know enough to stop in any respect. There’s always something new to learn, somewhere new to take it. I love it.”