Newcastle's increased war chest in the last few months has seen the club linked to players galore in the summer, including Ousmane Dembele. The north east club are reportedly prepared to wait to sign the Frenchman on a free in the summer - although Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang may hinder his chances of joining the Magpies.  Dembele, 24, joined Barcelona in 2017 but has failed to kick on in his time at the Nou Camp. A fee of £100million was paid for his services, but injuries have hampered the potential shown in his early career. After an up and down few years, marred with injuries, Dembele is looking for a reprieve and could find a home in the north east where Newcastle's project may entice him. And according to Foot Mercato, a move is being prepared - although Aubameyang's relationship with the winger may halt proceedings. The report states that Newcastle are 'lying in wait' for Dembele's signature amongst other interested parties. Previous reports in October claimed that wages of £250,000-per-week and a £12m signing on fee were ready to be offered to the former Rennes star to bring him to Tyneside.  The club will undoubtedly see how their Premier League status looks at the end of the season until a move is made. But they could be thwarted by Aubameyang, who has endured another superb stint with Dembele for the second time in his career. The pair endured a fruitful spell together at Borussia Dortmund in 2016-17, before they each then moved on the season after to Barcelona and Arsenal respectively. And Aubameyang's form could tempt Dembele to stay if it means he can get back to his best. Eddie Howe admitted the challenge his team faces ahead of the new season is a difficult one, but he is relishing what lies ahead. "It's a very difficult challenge, coming in where the team was, and everything we faced and the expectation with the money and everything that brings delivers difficult moments but I'm so pleased to be here," Howe said.  "I'm loving every second of the job and the challenge we face. It's going to be very difficult between now and the end of the season. Nothing has been achieved yet, we're still very much in the early stages together. "The most important thing is the mentality of the players we brought in, they're top professionals, very, very good characters and they wanted to come for the right reasons: football and the challenge with our league position. That was a really important thing for us, we didn't want to bring anyone in that destabilised the group or disrupted the excellent spirit we're building internally. I think we've done that." 