Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s leadership of the UK during Russia’s invasion of Ukraine seems to have breathed new life into his popularity with the British people. The PM endured a difficult start to 2022 due to the ongoing ‘partygate' scandal which consequently led to his approval rating dip to its lowest ever score. Mr Johnson currently has an approval rating of 30 percent according to YouGov - correct as of March 10. The last time his score was ranked higher was in October 2021 (32 percent). Meanwhile, the number of people who disapprove of his premiership has dropped by seven points to 63 percent. The market research firm asked participants: “Do you think that Boris Johnson is doing well or badly as Prime Minister?” Each person could then answer either ‘well’, ‘badly’, or ‘don’t know’.  READ MORE: Airports slam Sturgeon over Scotland's Covid pandemic measures The number of individuals who gave the final option as their answer grew from five to seven percent. Overall, between 1,623 and 3,326 British adults were surveyed as part of the research. When Mr Johnson’s rating increased to 25 percent, in February, it was the first time since May 6, 2021, that his score had not sunk lower than the previous month. His score for last month was 25 percent - up three points from January where he recorded his lowest approval rating since assuming office in 2019.  Mr Johnson’s score peaked at 66 percent on April 9, 2020. Several factors were to blame for Mr Johnson’s approval score slumping to its lowest ebb. The PM is accused of attending several Downing Street parties which took place under Covid lockdown measures. DON'T MISS: Owen Jones in furious row as Vine caller slams MPs 'colluding' with EU [WATCH]Country pub's warning after family leaves without paying £100 bill [NEWS]Harry and Meghan mocked over Oscars claim [INSIGHT]  He admitted to being present at a gathering in the Downing Street garden and subsequently faced intense pressure to resign as PM. The announcement that the Metropolitan Police Force had launched an investigation into 12 of these accusations then piled further pressure on Mr Johnson. During the past month, Mr Johnson has had to handle the UK's response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine.  The PM has largely been praised for how he has reacted to the situation, imposing sanctions against Russia’s economy and its wealthy elite. At the turn of the year, Mr Johnson also oversaw the UK’s emergence from a third wave of Covid cases, which at points threatened to overwhelm the NHS. He has since unveiled his ‘Living with Covid’ strategy which will begin to take full effect in the coming weeks. 