MacKenzie Scott is an author and philanthropist, best known for her involvement with the multi-billion dollar online retailer Amazon. She was formerly married to Amazon CEO and Blue Origin founder Jeffrey Bezos. However, their marriage has since been dissolved. According to Bloomberg Billionaires Index, as of November 2021, Scott has a net worth of $62.2 billion (approximately £47,367,690,000), owing to a four percent stake in Amazon. The Index also cites her as the third-wealthiest woman in the United States, and the 21st-wealthiest individual in the world as of November 2021. In 1993, Scott married Bezos after she met him while working as his assistant at multinational investment management firm D.E. Shaw & CO. In 1994, the couple both left the firm and moved to Seattle, Washington, where they started online retailer Amazon as a platform for selling books. READ MORE: Will Smith shares millionaire fortune with wife Jada Pinkett-Smith She was heavily involved in Amazon's early days, helping with the development of the company's name, business plan, online accounts and shipping early orders. Scott also negotiated the company's first freight contract. However, when the company began to take off, she took a step back from the business, instead turning her attention to her family and literary career. In 2005, Scott wrote her debut novel, 'The Testing of Luther Albright', for which she won an American Book Award the following year. DON'T MISSPrincess Anne 'very hands-on' with Zara - now royal copies her [COMMENT]Peter & Autumn's body language 'looked pretty besotted' post-split [INSIDER]Richest people in the world: Five most wealthy billionaires net worth [REPORT] Scott says she wrote the book while helping to build Amazon, taking her approximately 10 years to complete. During this time, she also gave birth to her and Bezos' three children. She shares three sons with Bezos. The couple also later adopted their daughter from China. As well as her first novel, Scott went on to write 'Traps' in 2013. In 2019, the couple announced the dissolution of their marriage. Their community property divorce left Scott with $35.6 billion (approximately £27,197,866,000) in Amazon stock while her former husband retained 75 percent of the couple's Amazon stock. After her divorce from Jeff Bezos, MacKenzie Bezos changed her name to MacKenzie Scott, with the surname derived from her middle name. She went on to marry a high school chemistry teacher named Dan Jewett. The marriage was revealed in Jewett's Giving Pledge letter posted on March 6, 2021. As well as her career, Scott also contributed to a wealth of philanthropic causes. In May 2019, she signed the Giving Pledge, a charitable-giving campaign in which she undertook to give away most of her wealth to charity over her lifetime or in her will - however, this is not a legally binding pledge. Between July 2020 and July 2021, Forbes reported Scott donated $8.5 billion (£6,493,872,500) across 780 organisations.