 Putin has been widely condemned by the Western world for his invasion of neighbouring Ukraine, while Russia has been hit with a string of sanctions. However, last week China abstained in the UN vote condemning Russia for the invasion while it has since tentatively expressed support for Putin. On Monday, as civilian casualties mounted, China’s foreign minister Wang Yi called Russia his country’s “most important strategic partner.” He said the relationship between the two countries was “rock solid”. Just over a month earlier, Chinese leader Xi Jinping and Putin also heralded a new era for both countries. Ties between China and Russia have deepened in recent years amid growing tension in their relations with Europe and the US. While speaking at the Valdai Discussion Club’s annual meeting in 2020, Putin even suggested that a military union between the two countries could be formed. Read More: Putin humiliated as 'shocked' Russia is now poorest country in Europe  When asked if Russia and China could form a military alliance, Putin said: “We don’t need it but theoretically, it’s quite possible I imagine.” Putin also noted that Russia had shared sensitive military technologies that had helped boost China’s military potential. He added: “Without a doubt, our cooperation with China is bolstering the defence capability of China’s army.” He also claimed that there could be even closer military ties between the two countries in future.  Putin said: “Time will show how it will develop, but we won’t exclude it.” According to Statista, the Chinese currently have the largest army in the world, with two million active military personnel. The US has the third most military personnel, with around 1.4 million active servicemen and women, while Russia has 850,000 servicemen and women, the fifth largest. Meanwhile, in 2021 China’s military spending was an estimated £192billion ‒ over four times that of Russia, but substantially less than the US’ £592billion defence budget. Don't Miss:Putin ‘more likely’ to use battlefield nukes than ballistic missiles[OPINION]Russian economy on brink as Putin 'can't deliver promises'[INSIGHT]UK's list of 'probable nuclear targets' unearthed[ANALYSIS]  There have been suggestions that China’s stance on Russia’s invasion may be shifting. Yesterday, China refused to supply Russian airlines with aircraft parts, according to an official at Russia’s aviation authority. Russian media claimed that Putin will instead look to source planes from countries including Turkey and India. China also called Putin’s attack on Ukraine a “war” for the first time on Thursday, with the country having previously steered clear of language that might pit themselves against Russia.  In a video conference on Thursday, Mr Wang said: “We hope to see fighting and the war stop as soon as possible.” This week, the head of the CIA also claimed that Xi had been “unsettled” by Russia’s difficulties invading Ukraine, and how Putin’s conflict has brought the West closer together. CIA Director William Burns suggested that Putin’s struggle may have made “an impact on the Chinese calculus”. Mr Burns told a congressional hearing into global threats: “I do think that [China] have been surprised and unsettled by what they’ve seen in Ukraine over the last 12 days ‒ everything from the strength of the Western reaction to the way in which Ukranians have fiercely resisted.  “I think they’re a little bit unsettled about the impact on the global economy. “And third, I think they’re a little but unsettled by the way Vladimir Putin has driven Europeans and Americans much closer together. “[China] did not anticipate the significant difficulties the Russians were going to run into.”