With Russia feeling the pinch of punitive economic sanctions, as well as a costly war seeing millions flee Ukraine, the Russian Government may yet still wage a pseudo-war on the West. Security experts and Government officials alike have long warned Putin is capable of crippling cyber-attacks on Britain, the European Union and the United States.  British intelligence agency GCHQ has warned British firms the time is right to “bolster their online defences” as tension mounts over the invasion of Ukraine. Home Secretary Priti Patel has also warned of a campaign of disinformation on social media from Russian trolls. Mike Willis, director of strategy and policy at cyber and data security firm CSS Assure spoke about the risk of a cyber-attack on the NHS and British banking. Speaking to the Daily Mail, he said: “They can disrupt our ability either to use banking services. “In the first instance, they'll try and target the provider of the critical infrastructure, who will often have very strong cyber defences. “But then you have lots of other people and organisations in the supply chain, and not everyone is as careful about their cyber security as they should.”  Speaking of the disruption it could cause, he added: “You only need to look back at the Wannacry incident a few years back and see the disruption it caused to the NHS. “If Russia were to carry out a similar operation you could see a case of live-saving operations being disrupted and patient data being disrupted. “That would cause a huge furore which would cause distraction away from what's having in Ukraine.” Reports suggest the Wannacry hack cost the NHS around £92 million pounds and saw 19,000 appointments cancelled.  READ MORE:Painkillers: Safe to take paracetamol and ibuprofen together With many security experts predicting the birth of a new Cold War, measures are being taken by British security services to prepare for a new generation of warfare. Both the Secret Intelligence Service (MI6) and the Security Services (MI5) have increased their recruitment numbers in Russian speaking experts and agents. Experts believe GRU agents will be desperately trying to steal secrets to destabilise their enemies and find out how NATO, the US and UK in particular, will respond. Prior to 9/11, around 80 percent of state intelligence in the UK was focused on counter-intelligence with around 20 percent on counter-terrorism. This flipped in the opposite direction as terrorism cases rose across the world, Europe and the UK.  DON'T MISS:Taiwan earthquake: Island rocked by 6.9 tremor [REPORT]Deltacron warning - new more dangerous variant [REVEAL]Inside RAF Voyager VIP jet Kate and William took on tour [INSIGHT] With both China and Russia posing a major threat to Britain’s cyber and economic security, the trend is once again leaning towards Cold War levels. Further to the notion of cyber-attacks on British infrastructure comes the fears of an impact on an already delicate fuel crisis. The invasion of Ukraine has already pushed up prices. The cost of Brent crude oil hit its highest level since 2014 after increasing by 5.6 percent to £77.18 ($102.30) per barrel. Prices at the pumps have also hit an all-time high in the UK, with some forecourts seeing prices breach the £2.00 per litre mark. Furthermore, gas prices have also hit all-time highs as demand outweighs supplies as Europe counts on 40 percent of its gas coming from Russia. Whereas sanctions have been imposed on many Russian assets, ministers and officials across Europe are hesitant to sanction Russian gas supplies over fears of a full cut off. The US, Qatar and Iran have all offered alternative gas supplies, but each has its own infrastructure and logistical hurdles to cross.  Sarah Coles, a senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said: “Millions of people have fallen into the fuel poverty gap, and war between Ukraine and Russia could push even more of us over the edge. “Falling real wages and massive price increases means the fuel poverty gap has hit £779 million. It would now take a £258 cut in fuel bills for someone to escape fuel poverty. “And this is even before the full impact of April's price hike has fed through into the calculations – let alone the risk of war pushing prices up significantly again in October. “The timing of the forecast means the government has only factored in half of the impact of April's incredible 54 per cent price rise. “It has also added in the burn-now-pay-later loan from the government and the council tax rebate - both of which offer a boost upfront, but nothing in subsequent months.” 