Jack Draper will take on Cameron Norrie in an all-British Miami Open second-round after winning his first-ever match at Masters 1000 level on Wednesday. The world No 146 defeated Gilles Simon 7-5 6-1 at the Miami Open and was rewarded with a battle of the Brits. Draper was awarded a wildcard into the main draw of the Miami Open this year after his 2021 campaign came to a sudden end when he was forced to retire 5-7 down to Mikhail Kukushkin hen he collapsed in the heat. The 20-year-old received another main draw wildcard for 2022 and didn't waste his opportunity, defeating the former world No 6 in less than two hours for his maiden Masters 1000 victory. He will next take on tenth seed Norrie in what will be the second career meeting between the British No 1 and No 5. The pair met in the Queens quarter-final last year where Norrie won 6-3 6-3 after Draper defeated Jannik Sinner and Alexander Bublik, then world Nos 23 and 39, to reach the last eight. The London local is hoping to prove he has come on since his last meeting with the world No 12 and was excited for the chance to challenge himself against the top-ranked Brit. "It’s going to be a tough one because I think he might be top ten this week, I’m not too sure but he’s doing incredibly well at the moment so it’s a good challenge for me to see when I’m at. I think I’m just a better player eight months, nine months on and I think he is as well but it will be good for both of us to get on court and battle, and let’s see what happens," Draper told Amazon Prime Video after his win. JUST IN: Murray hits out at the Conservative government with spicy comment  He has already improved on his ranking since meeting Norrie in June of last year. Ranked at world No 309 at the time, Draper now sits at No 146 and is set to crack the top 130 as a result of his win over Simon. The 20-year-old's biggest test came just weeks after he last played his compatriot when he made his Wimbledon main-draw debut against Novak Djokovic. Aged just 19, the debutant took the first set off the world No 1 6-4 before ultimately falling in four sets, with Djokovic going on to win the title to tie Federer and Nadal on 20 Grand Slam titles before the Spaniard broke the record with a 21st this year in Australia. A wildcard at Wimbledon last yeat, Draper had held his nerve to save seven break points against the Serb and close out the opening set and received some advice from Djokovic afterwards. "Maybe his movement could improve I think," the world No 1 said after winning 4-6 6-1 6-2 6-2. "Probably can and should move a bit better. But he's still young. There's always room for improvement. But he's got a very good base, I would say.” DON'T MISSGrand Slam icon issues battle cry as long-awaited return confirmedOsaka speaks out on heckling incident for first time after Miami winSerena Williams gives retirement update after shock Barty announcement   And it seems Draper has taken on the advice, going on to have his career-best start to a season by winning three Challenger titles, all in Forli, Italy. He now sits at No 4 in the Race to Milan for the Next Gen Finals, with the likes of Daniil Medvedev, Stefanos Tsitsipas and Andrey Rublev previously competing in the event when they were under the age of 22. While Norrie has progressed into a top 15 player, Draper has also been improving his form and will have nothing to lose in the all-British affair, putting him in it with a fighting chance while all the pressure is on his compatriot.