Freelance correspondent in Kyiv, Olga Tokariuk, reported on Wednesday that Russian troops are trying to storm two nuclear power plants in Southern Ukraine. She said that this information was confirmed by Ukraine's deputy minister of interior. Ms Tokariuk added: “There are fears of a potential disaster should they succeed. “This is a threat not only to Ukraine, but to all of Europe.” Concurrently, it is reported that Ukrainian citizens have blocked roads leading to the power plant to try and prevent the catastrophe. In video footage, Ukrainians are seen blocking the roads with cars, trucks and piles of tyres. Hundreds of citizens are also seen standing on the main road leading to the town of Enerhodar. Last week, Vladimir Putin placed Russia's nuclear forces on “special alert”. This move came right after his warning: “To anyone who would consider interfering from the outside — if you do, you will face consequences greater than any you have faced in history.” Russia has already captured the defunct Chernobyl plant, some 100 km north of Ukraine's capital Kyiv. READ MORE: Horror as Putin's troops open fire on unarmed UkrainiansPutin's 'catastrophe' warning as he considers dropping nuclear bombUkrainians block roads leading to Europe's largest power plant Radiation levels at Chernobyl have increased but are still low enough not to pose a hazard to the public, the UN nuclear watchdog IAEA said on Wednesday. In an emergency meeting, IAEA Director General Rafael Mariano Grossi stressed his concern over Ukraine’s four operating nuclear power plants. He said: “I have called for restraint from all measures or actions that could jeopardize the security of nuclear and other radioactive material, and the safe operation of any nuclear facilities in Ukraine.” He added: “The best action to ensure the safety and security of Ukraine’s nuclear facilities and its people would be for this armed conflict to end now.” DON'T MISS: Russia pushing world closer to nuclear war than Cuba missile crisisVladimir Putin humiliated as Russia’s nuclear threat ‘just for show' Russian plane carrying nuclear fuel allowed to land in EU despite ban