Roman Abramovich's public statement on Wednesday could have huge ramifications for Chelsea's long-term future, with their financial status becoming extremely hazy after the oligarch announced his intentions to leave the West London outfit immediately. And their long-term midfield targets may have to be put on hold for the summer transfer window - especially with midfielder N'Golo Kante confirming he would like to stay at the club for years to come.  Abramovich announced his intentions late on Wednesday evening, just hours before Chelsea's win over Luton in the FA Cup. Goals from Saul Niguez, Timo Werner and Romelu Lukaku dragged the Blues to a 3-2 win against the Hatters to put their name in the hat for the FA Cup quarter-final draw. But the result did not seem too significant after the bombshell statement from Abramovich prior to the game, with the Russian's 19-year spell at the club set to come to an end. Transfer targets for the summer may now change due to the switch in funds between Abramovich and the new owners.  That may halt a seismic move for a midfielder, a position which Chelsea have reportedly been linked with for quite some time in the form of Declan Rice, Aurelien Tchouameni and Ryan Gravenberch. And comments from current star Kante will go a long way in their strategy after the tireless midfielder confirmed he wished to stay at the club indefinitely. "Most of the games have passed, we are in a good position for the top four, we have full focus on playing game after game and we want to secure the top four," Kante told Sky Sports. "It will not be easy, we need to win many games still, but we train hard for that and we hope to do it again at the weekend." When asked on whether he wishes to see his career out at the club, Kante was in agreement. "Yes, I think since I came here I have spent many great seasons and many successes with the players, the team, the manager and the fans," he added. "I hope we can carry on like this, keep winning and keep celebrating many great achievements. "It is where I see the future." Kante joined Chelsea from Leicester in 2016 after a superb debut season at the King Power Stadium saw the Foxes win their first-ever top-flight title in miraculous circumstances.  Since then, he has won the Premier League, FA Cup, Europa League, Champions League and Club World Cup at Chelsea. With the addition of Rice or Tchouameni, Blues fans will have been hoping that one of the young duo would have been mainstays in the team for years to come. But their uncertain financial picture makes it difficult for targets to be pursued. 