The Russian President has long been known to flaunt such aircraft, often sending planes into the skies of Europe as a gentle reminder of Moscow’s strength. With the war in Ukraine now approaching the third week, Putin’s options should the conflict spread into Europe and see NATO embroiled in the crisis are truly terrifying. The TU-160 supersonic bomber made by Tupolev, known to NATO by the codename “Blackjack” can travel at Mach 2.3 and reach the US from Washington in several hours. Packing a terrifying 12 nuclear missiles, the high-speed bomber can travel 7,600 miles without the need to refuel, and at a height of 52,000 feet, making interception difficult. As of today, it is the largest and heaviest combat aircraft, the fastest bomber in use and the largest and heaviest variable-sweep wing aeroplane ever flown. The type is not too dissimilar from the US Rockwell B-1 bomber used by NATO forces. Another of Putin’s massive bombers is the TU-95. This silver giant of the skies, known to NATO by the codename Bear is a 4 engine turboprop bomber. Often seen in the skies above the North Sea and Atlantic, multiple interceptions have been filmed by Western air forces scrambled to accompany the aircraft. First introduced in 1956, and equivalent to the B-52 bomber, the type still in use today can travel at 575 mph, and carry 6 nuclear missiles within its payload. READ MORE:Putin's henchmen scramble to sell homes in annexed Crimea On a smaller, and far faster scale is Russia’s latest advanced fighter jet, the Sukhoi Su-57. Intended to succeed the Mig-29 and Su-27, the fifth-generation fighter jet which came into service in 2020 packs the latest technology and capability. The type is also the first of Russia’s stealth aircraft, bringing it in line with existing US aircraft of similar capabilities. The Su-57 can carry both air-to-air missiles, as well as precision-guided bombs. The fighter jet can travel at Mach 2.2, at an altitude of 60,000 feet. DON'T MISS:Putin begins devastating Kyiv onslaught [REPORT]France fury as retirement age HIKED [REVEAL]EU set to fudge Ukraine membership request [INSIGHT] Yet for Putin, his main, and scariest deterrent lies in the form of nuclear weapons. According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, or SIPRI, Russia holds the most nuclear weapons of any state. In 2021, it was quoted by the institute Russia held some 6,255 nuclear weapons, ahead of the US which holds 5,550. The nine nuclear-armed states—the United States, Russia, the United Kingdom, France, China, India, Pakistan, Israel and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea together possessed an estimated 13 080 nuclear weapons at the start of 2021. Around 3,825 nuclear weapons are currently deployed with operational forces, mostly with Russia and the US. While the USA and Russia continued to reduce their overall nuclear weapon inventories by dismantling retired warheads in 2020, both are estimated to have had around 50 more nuclear warheads in operational deployment at the start of 2021 than a year earlier. Hans M. Kristensen, Associate Senior Fellow with SIPRI’s Nuclear Disarmament, Arms Control and Non-proliferation Programme said: “The overall number of warheads in global military stockpiles now appears to be increasing, a worrisome sign that the declining trend that has characterised global nuclear arsenals since the end of the cold war has stalled. Russia also has a host of intercontinental ballistic missiles capable of reaching anywhere in the world. The longest range ICBM in Putin’s arsenal, the Samarat can reach nearly 7,000 miles, making it capable of hitting almost any target. According to Statista, Russia also has 850,000 soldiers at its disposal on the ground, although, many of these are conscripts. In 2017, reports emerged the Kremlin had developed a high-tech suit including an exoskeleton designed to boost strength and stamina, body armour and even a watch capable of surviving a nuclear blast. The all-black kit sports a Stormtrooper-style helmet with a tinted glass visor with the aim of striking fear into the hearts of their enemies. The Ratnik-3 combat gear was created at a Moscow-based weapons development centre, according to the TASS News Agency. At the start of the conflict in Ukraine, Putin warned should other nations interfere, they will see an “immediate response with consequences never seen in history”.