Andrea Bocelli’s children appear to very much be following in their father’s footsteps. Not only is his son Matteo releasing a debut album this year, but the Italian tenor’s daughter has been performing live since she was 8-years-old. Today the maestro has celebrated Virginia Bocelli’s 10th birthday with a touching post, following on from their duet of Leonard Cohen’s Hallelujah all around the world. Bocelli shared a picture of his daughter hugging a dog and simply captioned the Instagram post: “Happy birthday Virginia.” Her professional debut performance took place at the Teatro Regio di Parma in the virtual Believe in Christmas concert in December 2020. The 8-year-old joined her father on stage where he played an acoustic guitar as they sang a goosebump-inducing duet of Hallelujah. Since then, the rising star has joined her father on tour to sing the track in places like Saudi Arabia to the White House. They both performed alongside Matteo in a special PBS Christmas broadcast for President and First Lady Biden last year, with Virginia even getting to sit in the Commander-in-Chief’s chair in the Oval Office. A picture was captured of her inside the Resolute desk and peeking her head out of the kneehole. This was reenacting the famous Stanley Tretick photo of John F Kennedy Jr doing the same as his father President JFK worked in 1963. The kneehole’s panel was installed at the request of World War II President FDR, who hid his paralytic illness from the public eye. However, it wasn’t installed until after his sudden death in 1945. Speaking of the extraordinary experience, Andrea said: “As an artist, a father, and a close friend of the United States, I am happy and grateful to have received an invite that honours myself, my family and above all my beloved Italy. Thank you to President Joe Biden and First Lady Jill Biden for inviting us to the 2021 edition of Spirit of the season. Another dream of mine has become a reality in this great earthly adventure that began in a small town in the Tuscan countryside. Alongside my extraordinary colleagues and children Matteo and Virginia, I’ll be wishing the world a peaceful Christmas and a bright future full of love and hope.” DON'T MISSMatteo Bocelli makes stunning first solo Italian TV performance WATCH [MATTEO]Andrea Bocelli: ‘Matteo has wings strong enough to take flight solo’ [EXCLUSIVE]Andrea Bocelli: Elvis' 'extraordinary talent’ and two favourite songs [ELVIS] Bocelli added: “Taking part in such a vast tribute to beauty at the White House, a place so rich in meaning, replenishes me, reminding me that art is always a gift from the Heavens to elevate the spirit. Miracles come from on high, but good works and virtuous choices come from the efforts of humanity. By helping us to imagine the kind of ideal world we’d all like to live in, art can be an invaluable advisor and a great source of support. We must all do our part to make that world a reality.”