After years of pre-production changes, delays and setbacks, The Batman is finally here to mostly positive results. Initially set to be a solo outing for Ben Affleck’s Caped Crusader, the Justice League star dropped out due to creative differences. The search was on for a new director and star, with Warner Brothers eventually landing War for the Planet of the Apes and Cloverfield filmmaker Matt Reeves. He installed Robert Pattinson as the new Dark Knight and started his interpretation of Gotham City’s watchful protector, completely independent from the rest of the DC Comics Cinematic Universe (DCEU). The Batman will arrive in cinemas around the world on Friday, March 4, 2022. After its initial theatrical launch, it will head over to HBO Max in the USA. The platform has a 45-day wait before it can receive films from cinemas, which depends on how long they last on the big screen. For audiences in the UK, the film’s home will likely be NOW, as it boats a “Batman Collection,” though this is yet to be confirmed. A sequel for the film has not yet been confirmed, though it will receive multiple spin-off shows. The first of which will focus on Colin Farrell’s The Penguin while another will explore the Gotham City police, or GCPD. READ MORE: Elvis final years: Lifestyle changes remembered by Memphis Mafia The film is locked in at 73 on Metacritic at the time of writing; compiled from 48 reviews from major outlets. Kicking off the praise is Variety, which wrote: “This grounded, frequently brutal and nearly three-hour film noir registers among the best of the genre, even if — or more aptly, because — what makes the film so great is its willingness to dismantle and interrogate the very concept of superheroes.” The Telegraph added: “The two stars generate an astonishing sensual charge in a brilliant addition to the Batman canon that refuses to behave like a blockbuster.” IGN posted: “Matt Reeves’ violent, thrilling, darkly beautiful take on The Batman more than justifies its place in the franchise’s canon.” The Playlist wrote: “Matt Reeves’ “The Batman” should tell audiences that other superhero movies are possible, and yet more, they can be had outside the formulaic tentpoles filling theatres today.” (sic). /Film joked: “Do we really need yet another "Batman" reboot? The answer, after watching Matt Reeves' tremendous The Batman, is apparently a resounding yes.” However, not all the reviews were as glowing as these. DON'T MISS...Michael Jackson final years: Secret girlfriends and briefcases of cash [INSIGHT]The Batman 2: New DC cinematic universe teased by director [EXPLAINER]Zoë Kravitz stuns in cut-out gown as she attends The Batman premiere [INSIGHT] Many of the more negative reviews seemed to take aim at the movie's darker tone and its more serious style. The San Francisco Chronicle slated the movie, explaining: “Nothing that works here adds up to anything worth a long slog in a movie theatre, watching Pattinson punching guys and knocking guns out of their hands. From start to finish, The Batman is mostly just a collection of bad ideas.” (sic) The New York Post added: “The Batman is the first caped crusader adventure in a while to come off as completely purposeless. Christopher Nolan’s movies reframed the comics as realistic, psychologically complex tales of an urban blight, and Affleck’s Bruce was built to fit into a wider DC universe. The Batman is here just to ensure that Marvel has box office competition.” The Seattle Times wrote: “I don’t know about you, but this particular time in history does not seem like the moment for a movie that will leave you a) miserable and b) wondering why nobody in Gotham City seems to have heard of light bulbs. Your mileage may vary, but for me — who loved both the Tim Burton and the Christopher Nolan “Batman” universes — this one feels like an earnest but bloated misfire.” So, who is right? Express Online’s Callum Crumlish has no doubts, writing: “This is the only adaptation of Batman fans ought to concern themselves with.” He added: “Pattinson's performance shows Bruce begrudgingly venturing into the slick Gotham City every single night to save those in need. But there is a lot of complexity behind his actions. He doesn't do it out of the goodness of his heart, or to save lives, he does it because he feels obligated.” Read the full Express Online review here. The Batman will be available to watch in cinemas from March 4