The intelligence section of the Ukrainian Defence Ministry claims that Major General Vitaly Gerasimov has been killed. Gerasimov, chief of staff of the 41st army, was reportedly killed along with other senior officers in fighting outside the Eastern Ukrainian city of Kharkiv.  The ministry also broadcast what it claims was a conversation between two Russian FSB officers discussing Gerasimov’s death. In the recording the FSB officers complained their secure communications were no longer working in Ukraine. Investigative Journalism agency Bellingcats has confirmed Gerasimov’s death with a Russian source. Christo Grozev, Executive Director of Bellingcats, said his agency had also identified the senior FSB officer in the intercepted conversation   Writing on Twitter, Grozev said that the defective Russian secure communications equipment was new technology which shouldn’t be defective. He said: “In the call, you hear the Ukraine-based FSB officer ask his boss if he can talk via the secure Era system. “The boss says Era is not working. “Era is a super expensive cryptophone system that [Russia’s defence ministry] introduced in 2021 with great fanfare. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin invasion ruined as airport AND city 'retaken' “It guaranteed [to] work ‘in all conditions.” Gerasimov was a veteran of the Second Chechen War, the annexation of Crimea and the Russian military campaign in Syria. If his death is confirmed Gerasimov would be the second Russian General to have been killed within a week from the 41st Army. Major General Andrei Sukhovetsky was killed last week, and his death has been confirmed by the Russian media. DON'T MISS:  Russia soldier warns Putin he 'cannot win' as he exposes Moscow lies [REVEAL] North Korea nuclear warning: Alert after activity detected [INSIGHT] Russia Z symbol meaning: Cult symbol has swept across Putin's Russia [SPOTLIGHT]  It comes as Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has said the war was “like a nightmare” for Russia after reports of poor morale and logistical issues.