Despite the danger this can inflict, Russian citizens have taken to the streets across 53 cities to rally against the continued invasion of Ukraine, launched by Russian President Vladimir Putin. With more than 4,300 people detained in the country for the anti-war protests, a resistance appears to be building toward Putin’s leadership, but can he actually be removed? Over the course of his time in office, Vladimir Putin has become one of the most powerful and equally feared politicians in the world - well-known for his extensive intimidation tactics. As time has progressed, Putin has made increasing amendments to the Russian constitution, granting himself more power and fewer opportunities to be voted out of office. How did Putin gain this power and can he ever be removed? Previously serving as a foreign intelligence officer for the KGB for 15 years, Putin resigned from his post in 1991 to pursue a political career. READ MORE: Putin's 'dummy nuclear attack on northern England'    Rapidly rising through the ranks, Putin became head of the Federal Security Service (FSB) and secretary of the Security Council by 1998, before being appointed as prime minister in 1999 by Boris Yeltsin, the standing prime minister at the time, who resigned from the post. Putin won the official presidential election in 2000 and was later re-elected in 2004 due to his success in boosting economic growth for the country following the post-communist depression. In 2008, Dmitry Medvedev was elected president, however, a day later, he made Putin prime minister. During this time, Russian presidents were allowed to serve two terms in power.  Putin continued to hold his position in office until 2012, of which he was re-elected again to serve his third presidential term. Although, this election was controversial, as serving a third term was called into question and there were several allegations of electoral fraud. He has remained in office ever since, and after being re-elected in 2018 and in 2021, Putin signed a controversial bill into law that allows him to run for president for two more terms. This means Putin could remain in power until 2036 - at 84 years old.  DON'T MISS: UK has ‘no choice’ but to go to war if Putin invades NATO country [ANALYSIS]'Lift fracking ban to boost UK's security over energy' [INSIGHT]Gordon Brown savaged as he demands Putin be tried for war crimes [EXPLAINED]    Technically, yes. Putin can be impeached if he were to be charged with “high treason or another grave crime”, which again, would be seen as an appropriate measure in regard to the Ukraine invasion. The charges would be presented to the country’s parliament, the State Duma, of which they’d then need to be confirmed by the Russian Federation Supreme Court. It would then be in the hands of the council of the federation to impeach him. However, with Putin having a wide spread of allies positioned across parliament, the chance of impeachment could be deemed largely unlikely - but not as far out as once thought.  There are numerous signs of Russian dissatisfaction and resentment towards Putin, as the current Russian anti-war protests suggest - as well as a number of Russian oligarchs publicly denouncing the invasion of Ukraine. Although, Washington Post’s Christopher Tremoglie, considered an expert in Russian politics, says despite there being many signals that change might be on the horizon, there may not be anyone with enough courage to bring charges to Mr Putin right now. However, he added: “The likelihood of the event grows greater each time Putin displays his totalitarianism.” As western sanctions continue to cripple Russia and companies across the globe suspend their services in the country, the standard of living has dropped dramatically and Russian Ruble has plunged to an all-time low. Could the knock-on effects of this cause elites in Putin's inner circle to take action? 