 Martin Lewis Money Show co-host Angellica Bell has revealed the “very drastic” money-saving tip bestowed to her from her beloved late grandfather. The presenter also explained some of her favourite cash-saving tips as the cost of living crisis decimates the finances of the British people.  Speaking to Express.co.uk, Angellica revealed: “My grandad, bless him, God rest his soul, he used to say, ‘The best bargain is the one left on the shelf.’ “That is very drastic, because at the end of the day, we need to have a good quality of life. “That’s what I think is important, finding the balance so you can still enjoy your life but also sleep at night so you don’t feel anxious.” Angellica, 45, has recently been helping Debt Free London as she joined their Debt Bus-ter. Debt Free London is a unique partnership of charities led by Toynbee Hall and funded by the Money and Pensions Service. The organisation launched the Debt Bus-ter, a tour bus visiting some of London’s poorest areas, aiming to reach as many people in need of financial help as possible. For anyone concerned about their finances or struggling with debt, Angellica advised: “Review your budget and know what you have, know what’s necessary in your life and take an honest look at your finances. “Speak to people - there are companies that offer grants and support. New credit isn’t always necessary, that’s another important thing to say. “There are many credit card providers who will allow you to move your debt to them with special rates, which can save you lots of money. “It’s just about keeping a track of what you’ve got and trying to navigate through this difficult time.” Extended phone line hours and the mobile centre come in response to the UK’s debt crisis which sees 1 in 4 UK adults at financial risk, and to help those suffering with a money worry or problem debt, especially at this time of year with the reality of their December credit card bills and rising living costs. As well as her work with Debt Free London, Angellica hosts The Martin Lewis Money Show, something which can be incredibly demanding emotionally. This was never so evident as earlier this year, when Martin came close to tears. He penned a solemn message to his followers on Twitter, writing: "I feel near tears after doing my show. "I started doing what I do out of a passion for financial justice & providing solutions. "To be unable to help a single mum who lost her partner in covid afford her energy bills leaves me feeling impotent..." He added: "I'm shaking. Intervention is needed." Recalling the troubling moment in an exclusive interview, Angellica told Express.co.uk: “It is really emotional. Martin does so much, he works around the clock, he is amazing and that’s why he is where he is. “For me to be a part of that show, and I am learning as well, the fact we can actually help people. It is emotional, you want to be able to reach out to everybody and help them.” The mum-of-two added: “But what is great about that show is we do the legwork for people so they can find the resources they need and get tips and advice on how they can make their money work for them.”