In a heartfelt Instagram tribute, Olena Zelenska, 44, said the resistance to Putin had a "particularly female face", not least because there are two million more women than men in the country.  Her message was aimed at "those who heal, save, feed...and those who continue to do their usual jobs – in pharmacies, shops, on transport, in utilities, so that life lasts and wins”. She also recognised "those who take children to shelters every day without panic and entertain them with games and cartoons to save children's consciousness from war...to those who give birth in bomb shelters”. Kira Rudik, 36, said Vladimir Putin did not reckon with women in her country who were prepared to fight for their freedom. She said: "It's still surreal for me that I would have to leave my home that I love, that I built, that I cared about, that I picked out napkins for. "Why would I leave? I want to be able to defend it.” Journalist Vasylyna Duman, 35, who is delivering equipment and weapons to the military in Kyiv, said: "I am one of the cogs in the machine. My task is to keep in touch with the military here. I help to find drivers who are ready to deliver goods and bring them to the right place.” The contribution made by the estimated 36,000 women in Ukraine's military was underlined in a video of a female soldier shared on social media last week. She says: "I'm still alive, the sun is shining, the birds are singing, everything will be fine. Long live Ukraine.” As women gathered to mark the international day across Ukraine, aid agencies warned of a "crucial need" to protect women and girls, following Russia's invasion. An estimated 80,000 are set to give birth in the next three months and many will be without critical healthcare. Suzy Madigan from Care International, said: "The conflict in Ukraine and resulting displacement is tearing families apart, leaving women and children trying to find safety exposed and vulnerable. "Women fleeing disasters everywhere face the real risk of gender-based violence and abuse when they're forced to leave home.” Labour MP Dame Margaret Hodge tweeted: "Today we celebrate the achievements and successes of women everywhere – but it is a reminder we must do more to ensure the future for Ukrainian women is safe, prosperous and equal."