Former Manchester United star Roy Keane has heaped praise on Liverpool and Jurgen Klopp, and his analysis on the dressing room suggests that the German has now completed the ultimate aim. Roy Keane has showered Liverpool with praise as Jurgen Klopp's heavily changed side beat Norwich 2-1 in the FA Cup fifth round. Two first-half goals from Takumi Minamino was enough to send Liverpool through to the quarter-finals of the competition, for the very first time since Klopp became manager in 2015. Ten changes were made to the squad that won the Carabao Cup on Sunday, with only Jordan Henderson keeping his place, but Liverpool still looked as prolific as ever at Anfield. And their mentality has received the ultimate praise from Keane, as Klopp has finally achieved his long-term goal since arriving at the club. JUST IN: Man Utd backed to axe Harry Maguire in summer with two stars ready to step up - EXCLUSIVE  Since the likes of Mohamed Salah, Virgin van Dijk and Alisson were signed by Klopp, Liverpool have had one of their best starting line-up's in Europe, but their squad depth was always the underlying frailty. This was proved last season as Liverpool were left with academy players starting in defence, with Nathaniel Phillips the most senior option in front of Alisson in goal. But lack of options feels like an eternity ago, as Klopp has managed to piece together an almost perfect squad at Liverpool, with a player ready and waiting as a back-up in every position. Ten changes were made but every player showed desire and togetherness, especially Divock Origi and Minamino who continue to provide for Liverpool in the cup competitions when they need them most.  DON'T MISS...Tottenham flop Bryan Gil lifts lid on reasons for disappointing spellDonny van de Beek explains view on proving Man Utd ‘wrong’ at EvertonJoao Felix spotted at Carabao Cup final amid Arsenal transfer rumours The pair were lethal for Liverpool as they stayed in the Carabao Cup, and Klopp even paid tribute to them after winning the final as he said: “Without Takumi Minamino and Divock Origi, we wouldn’t be here.” And Keane has picked up on the feel-good factor at Liverpool, and showered his former rivals with praise: "If you're Liverpool you enjoy going to work everyday. It's fantastic. "The energy, the training ground, everybody's happy. The chef's happy, the bus driver's happy, the kit-man." But Keane also highlighted the importance of Liverpool's fringe players, and pinpointed Minamino in particular, who is one of the most popular players in the dressing room according to James Milner.  "He [Minamino] scored two very good goals tonight and we talk about players taking their chances," Keane said. "James Milner pointed out that he's a popular lad. "And that's why you need these fringe players so that when they come in, they're physically ready, they're mentally ready. He's had two chances and he's two really good goals. "He'll be delighted and the fact that he's popular in the dressing room is another bonus. They've [Liverpool] obviously got good characters that are happy to be in the background that are happy to be squad players and be patient. "These are great finishes, it's not as if they're easy chances considering he's not playing much football. He deserves a lot of credit."  Squad depth is something that Liverpool need if they are to seriously challenge for more silverware this season, after already scooping up the first domestic crown available. Klopp's side are still in hot pursuit of Manchester City at the top of the Premier League, and they're in a healthy position against Inter Milan too as they have a 2-0 lead to defend at Anfield in the Champions League. It's already been an improvement on last year for Liverpool, but they are far from settling just yet. 