Ukrainian MP Lesia Vasylenko has exposed the scale of Russian atrocities in a harrowing interview this morning. Speaking to Times Radio, Ms Vasylenko said people are starving and being forced to drink sewage water. Despite claims that Russia was scaling back its military ambitions in Ukraine, Ms Vasylenko said Kyiv was still facing attacks and suffering food scarcity. On Friday, Moscow signalled that it was turning its focus on "liberating" the Donbas region, territory claimed by Russian-backed separatists. However, the Ukrainian MP said that the Russian "atrocities" have continued to target the entire country. Ms Vasylenko said that people in the capital were "made to stay in basements and metro stations". She said: "People are actually starving without food, and drinking sewage water." JUST IN: Europe sent ultimatum as £500M black hole exposes open goal for Putin She said that the desperate measures that people were taking to survive meant that "there are diseases going on in these areas". The MP continued: "In Mariupol, thousands of people are getting forcefully deported across the border to Russia apparently to safety but then they are sent off in an unknown direction and nobody hears from them again. "So the atrocities, they're just the same all over the place." On Saturday, Kyiv claimed that Russia fired six missiles onto Lviv in an attempt to destroy oil and food supplies. Ms Vasylenko claimed that yesterday's attacks in Lviv were huge and added that similar incidents took place in Kyiv. She said: "Devastated by the visuals we see from Lviv. The oil refinery plant was under attack yesterday and the fire was huge. "The damage caused will be felt in days to come due to the huge amount of air pollution. We had similar attacks in Kyiv and the air here is difficult to breathe." The MP's claim about the forceful deportation of thousands in Mariupol was confirmed earlier today by residents of the besieged southern port city of Mariupol. DON'T MISS: Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Nadhim Zahawi distances UK from Biden's plea for Putin to resign [INTERVIEW]Ukraine LIVE: Putin misery as Russian turncoat trades in tank for cash [LIVE BLOG] Irina, a Red Cross volunteer in Mariupol, told the BBC that hundreds of other residents were given “no option” but to leave for Russian-held parts of Ukraine or Russia itself. Asked whether residents of the city have been “forcibly evacuated” by occupying Russian forces, Irina responded: “Yes, I would say so. "If we are completely honest, all of us were taken forcibly." The Armed Forces of Ukraine shared an update on the latest developments in the war today, accusing Russia of continuing to target the Ukrainian capital Kyiv, firing on suburban areas and directly into the city. They added that Russia has continued to attack civilian and military infrastructure in the besieged city of Mariupol.