From tomorrow, March 25, motorists will be banned from using their mobile phones at the wheel, or they risk a fine of £200 and six penalty points on their driving licence. The new law, which was meant to be introduced in January, will crack down on drivers changing their music, taking pictures and playing games when behind the wheel. To this date, these activities have all been considered lawful - even when operating a vehicle. Despite the obvious danger, this loophole allowed users to continue using their phones while driving. It is believed that the delay in introducing the new law meant that up to 256,000 drivers escaped hefty fines. To help enforce the new rules, roadside cameras with the ability to automatically detect drivers touching their mobile phones are to be installed nationwide. READ MORE: Drivers will face a 'sharper sting' when paying car tax this year These cameras can take clear images of fast-moving vehicles, making it much more difficult for motorists to avoid being caught. A trial of these cameras recorded one in 200 drivers using their phones on the motorway. This amounts to over 4,600 motorists per day who have been able to use their hand-held devices without consequence when driving. Ryan Fulthorpe, car insurance expert at GoCompare, said: “The purpose of these laws is to ensure the safety of drivers and other road users. DON'T MISSBritons urged to ban cars on Sundays to reduce petrol and diesel costs [INSIGHT]Thirty year-old cars pulled from bottom of Scottish reservoir [SHOCKING]Drivers urged to save on petrol and diesel costs with simple tyre hack [WARNING] “However, where loopholes exist, we encourage motorists to act in ways that do not distract their attention from the road. “Four to six points on your licence can increase the cost of an insurance policy by an average of 56 percent, but there is much more at stake with dangerous driving - putting the safety of you and others around you at risk. “We welcome all support from the Government in making the roads safer by outlawing dangerous driving practices and we also urge all drivers to abide by these rules and practice sensible driving.” Drivers are being warned of the new rule as simple actions can, as of tomorrow, lead to fines. Illuminating the screen, checking the time and unlocking the device will become illegal, with other more obvious uses like writing a text or accessing the internet also being banned. Motorists could be banned from driving if they are caught twice within a three-year period, or if they have held their licence for less than two years. Bryn Brooker, Head of Road Safety at Nextbase, praised the law change but added that drivers needed to actively change their habits to become safer. He told Express.co.uk: "We welcome the news of updates to these rules to close loopholes around mobile phone use whilst behind the wheel. “But the results of our research that nearly half of UK motorists think it is ok to use their mobile phone behind the wheel is really concerning. “It is vital that motorists are aware of the dangers that result from using your phone while driving, not least a reduced reaction time when hazards occur unexpectedly. “Using your mobile whilst driving not only puts yourself and other drivers in more danger, but risks getting an immediate £200 fine if caught. “Using a dash cam is the best way that motorists can protect themselves from other drivers that undertake this dangerous behaviour as well as protecting themselves from fault." Data from Nextbase shows that nearly half of UK motorists think it is acceptable to use their mobile phone behind the wheel.