Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has distanced himself from comments attributed to him where he accused Mercedes' new W13 design to be 'not legal'. Mercedes have caused a stir in the paddock after unveiling Lewis Hamilton's car in Bahrain. The new minimalist sidepods have attracted all the attention with F1 boss Ross Brawn praising the Silver Arrows for their innovation. But the former F1 team principal has warned Mercedes to expect "problems" in the very near future given how different their design is to every other team in the paddock. Red Bull are expected to be Mercedes' closest challengers once again with 2022 likely to continue their ongoing rivalry. And Horner appeared to restart his war of words with Mercedes after being quoted by Auto Motor Und Sport saying: “The new Mercedes violates the spirit of the regulations,” he reportedly told Auto Motor und Sport. JUST IN: Johnny Herbert details why he fears Mercedes may 'have a dominant car'   “For us, there are some parts that are not legal.” Red Bull were quick to put out a statement denying Horner had made any such remark. Their statement was then later tweaked to add: “So we are clear, we have made no official comment regarding Mercedes’ car and will not be doing so.” But BBC Sport claim Horner definitely 'extensively' to the German magazine and the original quotes were in fact correct. DON'T MISS  Horner has now appeared on Sky Sports where he was directly asked about the remarks attributed to him. Horner laughed before replying: "I was slightly surprised to be reading comments that I'm supposed to have been making," The Red Bull chief was then asked to give his direct opinion on the Mercedes car, where he appeared tight-lipped. He said: "To be honest with you, I haven't played a great deal of attention to it.  "It's obviously a fairly different concept, but thats for the aero guys and designers to get into." Horner then appeared to make a quick exit from the interview as he was asked whether he thought Mercedes' design was a 'game changer' "I have no idea," he said while walking away, holding his arms aloft by his side.