Steph McGovern has shared how she is going to “miss” her co-star on Packed Lunch after they announced their move. Alan Clayton has shared how he’s “delighted” to be joining The One Show after working as a producer on the Channel 4 show. Naga Munchetty also weighed in on the news, speaking about how it was “brilliant news”. Posting on Twitter last night, Alan shared the news with his 1,800 followers. He wrote: “SELF INDULGENT ALERT. “Delighted to say that from next week I'll be joining BBC Studios as Series Producer, The One Show working with the fantastic team in the Documentary Unit, Salford to produce the Current Affairs, Arts and special project films for prime time on BBC One.” READ MORE: Janette Manrara breaks silence on husband Aljaz's Strictly farewell  Alan had previously worked on Packed Lunch with Steph, as she shared how she will “miss” the star. Steph wrote on Twitter about the news as she shared her sadness with her own followers. Writing to her 422,000 fans, the presenter penned: “Very proud of this fella. “We’ve worked together for years, first at BBC Breakfast, then launching the lockdown show from my house and then Steph’s Packed Lunch from Leeds Dock.   “He’s now finally being released back into the wild….. “I’m going to miss him. #TVlegend.” However, not everyone was sad at the news as Naga shared her congratulations. Replying to Alan’s tweet, she wrote: “Brilliant News! Congratulations! X” DON'T MISS... Michaela Strachan on hiding cancer diagnosis [INSIGHT]Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen bans visitors to Ravenseat Farm [VIDEOS]Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, oozes Hollywood glamour on Oscars red carpet [PICTURES]   Alan has worked as a producer on many programmes over his career so far. He used to work as the former assistant editor at BBC Breakfast and BBC News. As Steph mentioned, he was also a huge part of the launch of her show Packed Lunch. Steph and Naga were not the only ones to react to the news of his career move.  More than 346 people liked his tweet while 67 people replied to the good news. BBC Breakfast presenter Nina Warhurst wrote: “Congrats - welcome back to Salford.” Newsround presenter Ricky Boleto added: “Yesssssssssssssss. Well done Alan.” (sic) BBC News star penned in response: “Congratulations, Alan!” Broadcaster Victoria Fritz commented: “What a great job! I’m so pleased for you. Xx” 