Train tickets have now grown in value by 3.8 percent, adding further pressure to the cost of living crisis for UK residents. The figure represents the biggest price hike since 2013, and will cover around half of all tickets - including season passes on most commuter routes. Residents travelling all year round by train will now have to pay hundreds more on expenses, but there are some ways you can save a few pennies. Many commuters won’t be familiar with the term ‘split ticketing’, but it can help to save up to 40 percent on your train tickets. It involves you buying two separate tickets for the same train journey. If you were getting a rail service from Southampton to London Waterloo, you could buy one ticket to Basingstoke and then another which takes you from that station to London Waterloo. You’ll stay on the same train, in the same seat, but could save a significant chunk of money.  READ MORE: April's 13.25% National Insurance hike faces axe -'Sunak must act NOW Buying a ticket well in advance of your travel date can save you up to 61 percent, according to Trainline. Ocean Finance personal finance expert, Helen Fox told Express.co.uk: “Train tickets tend to go on sale eight to 12 weeks ahead of time, with prices starting relatively low and gradually increasing in price the closer to the date of travel we get. “Even if you can no longer make your trip, most train operators will let you move your tickets to another service or refund you at least a portion of what you paid to put towards re-booking - making it cost effective regardless of the outcome.”  It might seem like a small gain, but opting for e-tickets or collecting from a station could save as much as £5 each time, as opposed to having them mailed to you. Most train operators sell tickets through their own websites, and it can sometimes be better to go direct to them, as opposed to national operators. Even when the tickets themselves work out to be the same price, if one provider charges a booking fee and the other doesn’t, you can make further savings.  DON'T MISS: Martin Lewis issues warning to every household earning under £30,000 [NEWS]RAF emergency: Two US F-15 fighter jets forced to make sudden landing [EXPLAINED]Sky News reporter takes on Lavrov over hospital tragedy [WATCH] When you shop around, it’s also a good idea to compare standard class and first-class tickets. Normally, first class will be more expensive. But occasionally, you can spot one that’s cheaper than a standard class seat. In first class, you tend to get more extras - like free Wi-Fi, drinks and food - included in the cost of your ticket. So, if you normally spend extra money on a sandwich or coffee, the more expensive first class seat could actually end up being cheaper overall.  Commuters would likely benefit from upgrading to a season ticket. Ms Fox said: “Annual season tickets represent the best value for money but come with a hefty up-front cost. “If you can’t afford this, speak to your employer about whether they run a season ticket scheme.” Season ticket loan schemes involve your employer buying your ticket for you, and you then pay for it gradually through your wages each month. Employer schemes like this don’t usually count as a type of credit, because the money is taken as a deduction from your wages before they hit your account. If your employer won’t offer a season ticket scheme, or if you don’t commute for work, there are still other options, such as the Commuter Club. Ms Fox said: “This enables you to benefit from the cheaper daily cost that comes with an annual season ticket, while paying monthly to avoid a huge initial outlay. “Commuter Club is, however, a type of credit with fees payable and will be recorded on your credit report - so make sure that you never miss a payment.” 