The Duke of Sussex did not travel from the US to Britain for the event at Westminster Abbey on Tuesday. The Queen put on a determined display as she attended the memorial service despite her recent mobility issues. But outspoken broadcaster Piers Morgan blasted Harry for his absence from the event in honour of the Duke of Edinburgh. The former Good Morning Britain presenter tweeted: "Imagine missing your mentor grandfather’s memorial service because you’re such a spoiled brat you’d rather sulk in your Californian mansion than be there to support your grandmother? Shameful." Harry and Meghan Markle remained in Montecito, where they live with two-year-old Archie and nine-month-old Lilibet, rather than travelling back for the event. It comes as the Duke is embroiled in a legal row with the Home Office over police protection for his family in the UK. The Queen was surrounded by her family at the memorial service for her beloved late husband. She arrived with a walking stick and was escorted to her front row seat by Prince Andrew. Despite her mobility issues, the nation's longest reigning head of state stood throughout each hymn. The Queen was sombre as she listened intently to the Dean of Windsor's touching tribute to "remarkable" Philip. READ MORE: Prince Harry will 'rue to regret' skipping Royal Family reunion  During a Bible reading by Dame Sarah Mullally, Dean of the Chapels Royal, the monarch was seen blowing her nose into a tissue. So set was the Queen on attending in remembrance of Philip that special arrangements were put in place for her comfort, with the service limited to 40 minutes and the head of state sitting in one of the Canada chairs but with an additional cushion. She entered Westminster Abbey via a shorter route rather than her traditional procession from the Great West Door down the length of the church. DON'T MISSPrince Philip service in contrast with 'deeply sad' funeral scene [ANALYSIS]Harry may face ‘lifetime of regret’ for not attending Philip memorial [INSIGHT]Prince Philip memorial LIVE: 'Sour' BBC blasted for Philip coverage [LIVE BLOG] Cameras were kept at a distance throughout the event. The difficulty for the Queen, who has admitted mobility issues, was understood to be whether she would be able to walk the 30 metres or so to her seat. Confirmation she would be present came only two hours or so before the service began, with the Queen taking the decision in the morning that she would be able to manage the official engagement.