Manchester United legend Gary Neville is wrong to say Antonio Conte would not be a good manager for his former club, according to ex-Crystal Palace chairman Simon Jordan. Conte was reportedly interested in the United job before he was appointed as Tottenham boss last November. Within weeks of the Italian accepting the Spurs job, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer had been sacked by the Red Devils. Conte signed an 18-month contract at Tottenham to keep him in north London until the end of next season. There has already been speculation over his future though, with the club exiting the Europa Conference League and FA Cup, as well as faltering in the Premier League. United are set to appoint a permanent successor to Solskjaer in the summer, with interim boss Ralf Rangnick to take up a consultancy role. But Neville claimed on Sunday that Conte would not be the right man for the job despite his track record. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has problems with six players for Inter Milan clash  "Conte's not a manager for United," Neville said on Sky Sports. "He comes in for one or two years, he does a great job but we've been there with Jose Mourinho, they want to appoint either Mauricio Pochettino or [Erik] ten Hag on a long-term project and they needed someone to get them to the end of the season." But former Palace Jordan cannot understand why Neville disregards Conte with such ease. “He is a proven winner, I can’t understand Gary Neville’s logic,” Jordan said on talkSPORT. DON'T MISSJohn Terry mocks Frank Lampard's Everton with brutal comment on Tottenham display [SOCIAL]Manchester United warned of shameful Ralf Rangnick repeat if they hire Erik ten Hag [QUOTES]Arsenal hoping for third time lucky as Mikel Arteta identifies Granit Xhaka replacement [REPORT]  “The only reason why Conte left Chelsea and Inter Milan is because investment was being denied him. “Specifically Inter Milan where his best players were being sold. “Any indication United aren’t going to spend £150million a year? Every year rain or shine [they do]. “So what would he have to leave United for? He’d be in there, and he could be in there for five years and he might need to disrupt it, and the argument ‘oh it causes disharmony’.  “You know what that club needs? Some proper disharmony to liven a few people up and make them wake up and understand who they’re playing for." Former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy agrees with Jordan that Conte would be the ideal candidate for United. “I agree, I said the same reason in my column,” Murphy said. “He’s exactly what they need. They missed the boat." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 