Russian President Vladimir Putin has long kept his family and home life private. But as he comes under intense scrutiny for his bloody invasion of Ukraine, his home life has also become a source of interest - especially one ‘secret’ relationship. Putin is not currently married. However, between 1983 to 2014, he was married to Lyudmila Aleksandrovna Ocheretnaya. The two reportedly met in the early 1980s via a mutual friend in Saint Petersburg. At the time of their divorce, the Russian President made a rare comment on his personal life, saying: “It was a joint decision: we hardly see each other, each of us has our own life.” Ms Ocheretnaya reiterated his point, saying: “Our marriage is over due to the fact that we barely see each other. Vladimir Vladimirovich is completely submerged in his work. "Our children have grown up, each of them is living her own life… And I truly don’t like publicity.” READ MORE: The Surrey estate where Vladimir Putin has UK link  Mr Putin has two daughters - although he is rumoured to have fathered other children. Mariya Vladimirovna Putina, also known as Maria Vorontsova and Maria Faassen, is his eldest daughter. She was born on April 28, 1985, in Leningrad - now Saint Petersburg - in Russia. She attended Saint Petersburg State University where she studied biology, and, after studying medicine, graduated from Moscow State University in 2011. She went on to become a PhD candidate at the Endocrinology Research Centre in Moscow. The scientist specialises in paediatric growth disorders and has been listed as her father’s advisor in genetic engineering. She is married to Dutch businessman Jorrit Faassen, and it is unknown if they have any children together. DON'T MISSDefiant Ukrainian woman downs drone with jar of tomatoes [REPORT]Calls for UK to allow Ukrainian refugees to bring pets with them [INSIGHT]Russian gas and oil: What does the end of imports mean for you? [EXPLAINER] Mr Putin has a second daughter, Katerina Tikhonova, also known as Yekaterina Vladimirovna Putina. She was born on August 31, 1986. Ms Tikhonova also attended Saint Petersburg State University like her elder sister, where she studied Japanese history. She went on to graduate from Moscow State University with a specialisation in Japan, and also has a master’s degree in physics and maths. In 2020, his daughter was named as the head of a new artificial intelligence institute at Moscow State University. It has long been rumoured that President Putin has been in a relationship with Alina Kabayeva, 39, a Russian gymnast - and they are alleged to have as many as four children together. Reports claim they have seven-year-old twin daughters, who were born in the Swiss city of Lugano in February 2015. They are believed to also have two boys, although their ages or existence have never been formally confirmed. Ms Kabaeva and her children have now reportedly gone into hiding in Switzerland.