The clubhouse at the £90 million Beaverbrook Golf Club was completely destroyed by the inferno. Witnesses filmed enormous flames lighting up the night sky as the blaze ripped through the building in one of the country’s most exclusive residential areas. No-one was hurt in the fire which did not affect a luxury hotel, restaurant and spa complex on the estate. An investigation has been launched into the cause but it is not thought to be suspicious. Fire-fighters were alerted around 10pm on Monday when flames were first spotted at the clubhouse in Leatherhead, Surrey. Eight fire engines were sent to tackle the fire which damaged “the entirety of the building and its basement,” Surrey Fire and Rescue Service said.  Regularly voted one of the best golf venues in the world, it is built in the grounds of historic mansion Cherkley Court, former home of press baron and Daily Express owner Lord Beaverbrook. The purpose-built club house which was gutted by the fire was built in 2018. The Beaverbrook is favoured by celebrities including England and Spurs star Harry Kane and former England and Liverpool striker Peter Crouch. Tennis legend Sir Andy Murray and ex-Wimbledon star Tim Henman also play at the club. Tom Watson, eight-times major championship winner, co-designed the course.  Jorge de Jesus, group general manager at Beaverbrook, which is a country estate comprising the golf club and a luxury hotel, said in a statement: “On the evening of March 7, 2022, a fire broke out in The Club House at Beaverbrook Golf Club in Surrey. The alarm was raised to the Surrey Fire and Rescue Service. “The Club House has been significantly damaged by the fire, however, thankfully no one was injured. Beaverbrook Hotel including The House, The Coach House Spa and The Garden House restaurant were unaffected and so remain fully operational.” He added: “I want to express our deepest gratitude to the Surrey Fire and Rescue Service for their professional response.” Police were called as a matter of protocol but there was no need for officers to attend, Surrey Police said. Cherkley Court was completed in 1870 and was bought by Lord Beaverbrook in 1910. Famous weekend guests of the press magnate and government minister included Winston Churchill, HG Wells and Rudyard Kipling. 