The ketogenic diet (or keto diet for short) is extremely popular with those looking to lose weight. The low carb, high fat meal plan also offers many health benefits, but it has to be done properly for it to be effective. Express.co.uk spoke to Suzie Walker from Keto Collective about the diet, and how much weight someone can really lose within the first couple of weeks. To understand how keto had aided weight loss, Suzie explained what the diet consists of. She said: “Keto is based on a way of eating (WOE) that promotes very low-carb, moderate protein and high-fat foods – or simply put – LCHF. “This sounds crazy and counter-intuitive at first, because it goes against everything we’ve been taught about nutrition; it turns the traditional food pyramid on its head. “The purpose of the keto way of eating is to change the way your body converts certain foods into energy. “Keto has become popular because it turns your body into a fat-burning machine. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s 'incredibly toned' figure down to diet “Simply put, keto shifts your whole body from relying on carbs as an energy source to fuelling itself with fats, burning fat stores 24 hours a day,” she added. Suzie never refers to the keto diet, instead she prefers to use the word keto alone. She explained: “As a nutritionist, I use the term ‘way of eating’ over ‘diet’. “First off, keto needs to be treated as a lifestyle change - it’s bigger than just a diet. “Keto’s about changing your relationship with food and an understanding of how food works in your body. It’s not about focusing on what you can’t have – but on what you can have and what this means for your body over the long-term. DON'T MISS... “Simply put, keto shifts your whole body from relying on carbs as an energy source to fuelling itself with fats, burning fat stores 24 hours a day,” she added. Suzie never refers to the keto diet, instead she prefers to use the word keto alone. She explained: “As a nutritionist, I use the term ‘way of eating’ over ‘diet’. “First off, keto needs to be treated as a lifestyle change - it’s bigger than just a diet. “Keto’s about changing your relationship with food and an understanding of how food works in your body. It’s not about focusing on what you can’t have – but on what you can have and what this means for your body over the long-term. “The benefits are so much more than helping your body burn fat non-stop. Studies show its incredible effects on everything from sugar-balancing and improving energy endurance and mental performance through to reducing inflammation.” So how can keto help someone lose weight? Suzie said: “In general, we over-eat carbohydrates. When sugar goes into your cells, it converts into fat which is where we gain weight. “You want your body to burn fat and use itself as an energy source, which is where ketosis comes in. “By restricting your carb intake, while increasing your fat intake, your body switches into a state called ‘ketosis’. It’s in this metabolic process that your body starts to fuel itself from its own fat stores. “In ketosis, your liver will convert fat into ketones which then provide your body – especially your brain – with an energy source. “To get into ketosis, we need to eat no more than 50g of net carbs a day. “For fat loss, aim for 20g. If you think a piece of bread is 25g carbs, that gives you an idea of the shift you’re making.” Many people lose a lot of weight within the first week of following a keto food plan, but there are suggestions most of that weight is water - not fat. Suzie revealed: “For someone new to a low carb diet, the first seven to 10 pounds will be mostly water and around 2lbs fat. “The combination means you can drop half a dress size in that first week which feels noticeable.” The Keto Collective is a brand-new range of keto bars designed to inspire, nourish and delight customers committed to a keto lifestyle. There’s been a huge need for innovation in the food market - a real food revolution – and this is what we want to celebrate. Their range includes Salted Caramel, Cherry Bakewell, Choc Sea Salt and Classic Coconut and is created with 100 percent natural, whole food ingredients, at an accessible price point, we’re proudly sugar and additive free, and suitable for vegans. Nurturing their customers’ health choices is a huge driver for The Keto Collective. Their bars offer an affordable guilt-free, LCHF (low carb high fat) treat that makes their lives easier and fun.