It was a windy opening day in the men’s draw at the BNP Paribas Open on Thursday. The first day of main-draw action on the ATP side kicked off with players and spectators battling with the wind to compete and watch the matches. The conditions also made way for what many believe could be the “slowest ever” ace on the tour. The biggest tournament outside of the four Grand Slams got underway this week in Indian Wells. The first in two back-to-back American Masters 1000s dubbed the ‘Sunshine Double’, two home heroes faced off in the opening round in what was both of their second times in the main draw. World No 157 Christopher Eubanks came through qualifying and was drawn against compatriot Maxime Cressy, the up-and-coming revelation of 2022, who made it to the Melbourne ATP 250 final against Rafael Nadal as a qualifier to open the season. Cressy was a set up and serving at 3-4 when the wind blew and disrupted his serve, somehow turning out to become one of the slowest aces seen in tennis. JUST IN: Djokovic picks next tournament after visa exception refused  The ball flew up into the air before suddenly curving down and landing close to the net like a drop shot as Eubanks attempted to chase it down with the crowd in awe of the super-slow serve. The serve went down as an ace and a hawkeye graphic later showed the ball bouncing high and off to the side after the wind’s interference. At just 26mph, it is one of the slowest serves with no official ranking of previous slow aces but Tennis TV joked that it was the “slowest and greatest ace you’ll ever see”. And it stands at 131.2mph slower than the fastest serve on record recognised by the ATP, a 157.2mph rocket from John Isner at the 2016 Davis Cup. DON’T MISSNadal explains 'difficult' view as Zverev avoids ban for umpire tiradeSerena Williams backed over Alexander Zverev 'jail' commentMedvedev fears for his tennis future over Russia's Ukraine invasion  Fans have taken to Twitter to compare Cressy’s ace speed to that of an underarm serve, made famous in recent years by Nick Kyrgios. “@NickKyrgios is jealous now!” one fan replied to the astounding hawkeye graphic of the 26mph ace. Another referenced WTA former world No 5 Sara Errani, who famously once his a 49mph second serve as they joked: “Still faster than Errani’s serve!” Former world No 12 Sabine Lisicki also commented on the slow ace, saying: “We should add this one to the service practice”. Unfortunately for Cressy, it was all downhill after his potentially record-breaking serve. The world No 72 lost the second set shortly after in a tiebreak before Eubanks went on to complete a comeback -7 7-6(8) 6-4 victory. The 25-year-old will next face eighth seed Casper Ruud in the second round. It will be his fourth match of the week, as he beat 13th seed Feliciano Lopez and second seed Joao Sousa in qualifying to reach the main draw.