Tottenham duo Antonio Conte and Fabio Paratici are reportedly keen on Reims striker Hugo Ekitike. The teenage Frenchman was in Newcastle's sights during the January transfer window, but opted to stay in Ligue 1 and see out his first full season of top-flight football. Harry Kane started the season painfully slowly for Spurs as Nuno Espirito Santo was promptly sacked before Conte came in as his replacement. The England captain is believed to be overjoyed with his appointment and an ever-increasing goals tally suggests he has hit top form at the perfect time. Spurs can boast little in the way of depth at striker though, and recruitment has been historically difficult given Kane's nailed-on spot in the team if he is fit and firing. A youthful prospect who may not expect to start every game could therefore be a viable answer. Gazzetta dello Sport claim that Spurs are interested in Reims' 19-year-old marksman Ekitike. Having hit the ground running since his promotion to the senior side, the Lilywhites are supposedly joined by West Ham and Arsenal with a transfer tug-of-war threatening to break out this summer. JUST IN: Tottenham 'ready to swoop' for Adama Traore as Barcelona wait for unlikely Wolves verdict At such a young age, Ekitike has notched 10 goals and four assists in all competitions this season. He made his senior debut in 2020, and is already a France U20 international. With an almost limitless transfer fund and a wide range of options that may have been receptive to an approach from St James' Park, Newcastle supposedly pushed to sign Ekitike during the January transfer window. It later turned out that the player and his agent were 'not convinced' by the project in the north-east, leaving other teams to have a pop when the window swings back open in a few months' time. DON'T MISS: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's Marcus Rashford comments could hinder Arsenal transferLeeds could demand four Barcelona players in blockbuster Raphinha swap dealFrank Lampard has family member to blame for Dele Alli deal as Everton 'ponder' early exit Reims have reportedly attached a £17million price-tag to their prized asset, although the level of interest could see that fee rise even higher. Ekitike is 6ft 2in and could improve significantly with more experience and a filled-out frame. Recruiting a striker could be imperative for Spurs given Kane's relentless links to Manchester City last summer. While the Sky Blues are not expected to revisit their interest with Erling Haaland firmly in the crosshairs, Kane could still push for an exit if Tottenham's top-four bid fails and an interested party offers him the chance of silverware.  At present, Conte's side sit three points behind fourth-place Arsenal having played a game more. Despite having ground to make up, Gunners hero Martin Keown believes that his former foes are in a strong position to qualify for next season's Champions League. "There's a lot of games ahead and I still put Spurs as favorites to actually make it into the top four. Let's see if they can do it," he told BT Sport. "Arsenal, now in the boss seat, I know, but when I look at the fixtures, when I see games away at Chelsea and Spurs, it's tough."