The Kharkiv-based doctor insisted Ukraine is now "defending the whole world" with their strenuous resistance against Russia. He said repeated strikes from the Russian Army had left "women and children dead" as he urged the UK to show its support for his country. Dr Darii praised the bravery of everyday citizens for standing up to the aggressor as he paid tribute to his colleagues' efforts to help save lives.  Speaking to Good Morning Britain, Dr Darii said: "We're alive and in very good emotional conditions. "But today is a very difficult day for Kharkiv because there have been big Air Force strikes." The Ukrainian physician reported the strikes had been heavily targeting civilian areas as well. Asked for his message to the UK, Dr Darii said: "Now we're fighting not only for Ukraine, now we're fighting not only for Kharkiv. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG "Now we save and help the healthy, and not [only] the lives of the Ukrainian people. "We help the whole world because Putin is the Hitler of our days. And I hope that you will not stand with empty hands. "And I hope you will do a very big job, [give] a very big help not only for Ukraine. Because now Ukraine is the defence of the world." Western countries fear that Russian commanders could now unleash the tactics they employed in Syria and Chechnya in recent decades, when they pulverised civilian areas, killing thousands, as they sent in their tanks. READ MORE: 'Money is worthless, everyone is panicking' Nightmare grips Russia as Putin war backfires  Ukrainian authorities reported 70 soldiers killed in a rocket attack in a town between Kyiv and Kharkiv. Kharkiv, Ukraine's second-largest city, with 1.5 million people, located near the Russian border in eastern Ukraine took the brunt of Russia's fury on Monday. Officials say dozens of people were killed and injured on Monday by missile strikes that hit civilian areas. DON'T MISSWhat to do in a nuclear attack - four key steps to take to stay safe [ANALYSIS]Chilling meaning of new symbols appearing all over Ukraine [INSIGHT]Alexander Povetkin appears to defend Russian invasion of Ukraine [SPOTLIGHT] Russia has not given a full account of its battlefield losses, but pictures from Ukraine have shown burnt-out Russian tanks and bodies on the road where they have been attacked by Ukrainian defenders. Ukraine's general staff said Russian losses included 5,710 personnel, 29 destroyed and damaged aircraft, and 198 tanks, all figures that could not be verified. Ceasefire talks held on Monday at the Belarus border failed to reach a breakthrough. Negotiators have not said when a new round would take place. Western countries fear that Russian commanders could now unleash the tactics they employed in Syria and Chechnya in recent decades, when they pulverised civilian areas, killing thousands, as they sent in their tanks. Russia has not given a full account of its battlefield losses, but pictures from Ukraine have shown burnt-out Russian tanks and bodies on the road where they have been attacked by Ukrainian defenders. Ukraine's general staff said Russian losses included 5,710 personnel, 29 destroyed and damaged aircraft and 198 tanks, all figures that could not be verified. Ceasefire talks held on Monday at the Belarus border failed to reach a breakthrough. Negotiators have not said when a new round would take place.