Dancer Abbie Quinnen, who envisages herself and beau AJ Pritchard on stage together as the leading characters in Dirty Dancing, has confessed that she struggled after his fans rejected his romance with her. The trolling that ensued led the saddened star to believe that "no-one was rooting for me and him". "People definitely targeted my relationship," she clarified. "When he was in Strictly, it was non-stop really. They didn't want us to be together, they wanted him and his other [dance] partner to be together and that was really hard." AJ, who worked on the show between 2016 and 2019, has been professionally partnered with Olympic artistic gymnast Claudia Fragapane, musical star Mollie King of The Saturdays, Paralympic athlete Lauren Steadman and YouTuber Saffron Barker. Seeing her boyfriend continuously paired with a line-up of glamorous stars could be difficult for any girlfriend - let alone one who was also dealing with constant criticism due to their relationship playing out in the public eye. READ NOW: BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint "It was the first year that me and AJ had got together," Abbie elaborated, "and I didn't know anything to do with the press or anything like that. "Having to deal with that by myself was really tricky because he was just non-stop working," she continued. "Everyone was rooting for him and his partner to be together and no-one was rooting for me and him. It was very sad. "I think I did definitely trust AJ, but there was a part of me that was a bit worried because it was a few months into when we got together and I didn't know him really, really well." However, she feels much more confident in their relationship today, having experienced his commitment and dedication to nursing her after she suffered her now well-known major accident in 2021. She had been videoing herself copying a TikTok hack which involved making a vase by melting a glass bottle in half - and it had gone terrifyingly wrong. The resulting explosion led to agonising third degree burns on her body and face and she was rushed to hospital for treatment, but, in spite of the trauma, the accident brought her and AJ closer. "If he had been doing [Strictly] now, I wouldn't bat an eyelid because I know that he loves me very much, which is nice," she confided. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top [PHOTOS] Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [UPDATE]  "I think since my accident, how much he's been there for me actually made me realise I'm really in love with him." The painful scars that ensued, however, led to even more trouble with followers of the pair. Seeing her bruised and bandaged face in the wake of the accident led cruel trolls to insult her looks, writing: "You should kill yourself" and "Don't go around your [young] niece and nephew - you'll scare them to death." "You know, when you're feeling down, you don't want to see things like that," she continued. With every aspect of her personal life under scrutiny - from her appearance to her relationship with AJ - Abbie has welcomed the launch of We Are 8, an app which organisers promise will provide "a feed of exclusive celebrity and creator content, free from hate and controlling algorithms". Comments are blocked, meaning that viewers will only be able to press the like button to share the love, rather than attacking or unfairly criticising creators, which Abbie says she feels can negatively impact mental health. Abbie and AJ's partnership with the app began around Valentine's Day, when they went back to the location where they first met to film a dance video as an "expression of their love". Representing triumph against the trolls, the app allowed them to "express themselves in a judgment-free zone". "Going through such a traumatic experience," Abbie recalled, "the safety that [the app] provided was honestly a lifesaver for me."