Dementia details a group of related symptoms associated with an ongoing decline of brain functioning. There are different types of this syndrome, with Alzheimer’s disease and vascular dementia being the most common diagnoses. Taking naps during the day could alert you to having the first type. Dementia is currently set to target 152 million people by 2050, the World Health Organization reports. The brain condition can be diagnosed as early as the age of 45. Knowing the warning signs could be the first step in the right direction during this process. However, dementia doesn’t only cause symptoms affecting your thinking. A study published in Alzheimer’s and Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer’s Association found that naps could also ring alarming bells. READ MORE: Covid booster jabs: Fourth Covid jab now available - how to get one and do you need it? Every now and then, a power nap can really make the difference to your energy levels. But researchers found that older adults who regularly took naps were 40 percent more likely to get Alzheimer’s disease. People who rested regularly and for over an hour were most at risk. The study suggests that snoozing might be one of the warning signs pointing to the condition. The research looked at 1,401 participants from the Rush Memory and Aging Project.  The subjects were aged over 80 years old and tracked for up to 14 years, using a mobility tracker. Their data was collected once a year during a two-week period. The napping times were based on any prolonged period of non-activity between the hours of 9am to 7pm. The study also noticed that the length of the sleep played a role as adults who dozed off for over an hour each day were more at risk. And once the participants developed dementia, they would nap for longer, the study observed. However, the researchers stress there isn’t enough evidence to prove that naps could age the brain. “But excessive daytime napping might be a signal of accelerated ageing or cognitive ageing process,” said lead author Doctor Yue Leng. This research can influence future studies, which could examine whether interrupting the naps could slow down cognitive decline, the researchers added. Although napping during the day could be a sign of the brain condition, there are also other symptoms. According to the NHS, dementia symptoms may include problems with: While there’s no cure for dementia at the moment, early diagnosis could help slow it down and keep up your mental function for longer.