There was a time when Raphinha appeared destined to join Jurgen Klopp's ranks at Liverpool, but those days are swiftly fading. The Leeds star appears increasingly likely to join Xavi's revolution at Barcelona instead, but that would be a turn of events which shouldn't faze the Reds. Liverpool have long been linked with the Brazilian, who has impressed ever since arriving on English shore back in the summer of 2020. Over the past two campaigns, the 25-year-old forward has established himself as one of the Premier League's brightest talents outside of the league's perceived 'top six' and his exploits haven't gone unnoticed. In addition to Liverpool, the likes of Bayern Munich and Barcelona have been circling, and it appears the latter are intent on bringing the Brazilian to the Nou Camp. The Spanish giants have reportedly been in discussions with Raphinha's agent Deco over a prospective move, with some outlets even claiming personal terms have already been agreed. However, Leeds evidently possess a different stance. According to Brasil UOL, the Whites are looking to include a £70million release clause within the winger's contract, though the player himself is believed to be unhappy at such suggestions. READ MORE: Liverpool 'exploring Raphinha transfer' despite signing Luis Diaz due to Leeds clause  Raphinha reportedly feels such a fee would deter interested suitors and price him out of an inevitable move. For Liverpool, the contract stand-off should offer very little cause for concern. Quite frankly, they have bigger fish to fry and more pressing matters at hand. The Reds are currently embroiled in an ongoing contract saga of their own as tying Mohamed Salah down to a fresh deal is proving far from straight-forward. Retaining the Egyptian has to be the club's priority, while Luis Diaz's stunning start to life at Anfield should also put an end to speculation surrounding a Liverpool move for Raphinha. The Colombian international has proven every bit as effective as Klopp hoped he would be and he's only just getting started. DON'T MISS...Arsenal's kit for 2022/23 'leaked' as Adidas copy design from Man UtdTottenham's Conte given cause for concern by Argentina's Romero callMan City have Haaland fear with Real Madrid set to use transfer tactic  It seems the Reds were intent on adding a fresh forward to their ranks this summer, regardless of Salah's stand-off, however interest from rivals pressed them into snapping Diaz up early. Having dazzled in a dozen appearances so far, his signing was a calculated gamble which has clearly paid off. In Harvey Elliot, Curtis Jones and perhaps Fulham's Fabio Carvalho come the summer, Klopp has a wealth of exciting youngsters waiting in the wings, eager to continue their development, too. The understudies are yet more evidence that Raphinha isn't required, especially if his signing will set the Reds back a further £70m. The Leeds attacker will add undoubted quality to whichever squad he joins when he does invariably depart Elland Road, but he's a player Liverpool simply don't need. Only catastrophic failure on the Salah front should change that. 