After an almost two year hiatus, The Umbrella Academy will finally be making its return to Netflix the third season in June. Ahead of its awaited comeback the fantasy series underwent a major change which could see a huge difference in the upcoming instalment.  It was recently announced the streaming platform had changed the age rating for the series from TV-14 to TV-MA. The new warning states The Umbrella Academy season three will be for mature audiences which could see the series become more of a thriller. The show is an onscreen adaptation of a comic book of the same written by Gerard Way and its enthusiastic fans had asked for the show to be more like the original. Fans of the comic had craved for the series to accurately portray the amount of violence and use of bad language. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role According to Parental Guidelines, the new rating means The Umbrella Academy will no longer be suitable for audiences under the age of 17. This indicates season three will likely contain the use of: “Crude indecent language, explicit sexual activity or graphic violence.” News of its changes was shared on Twitter and viewers who were looking forward to season three commented unanimously. @Realitytvfannn responded: “Yassssssss give me all the drama, blood and sex!!!!”  @_gerawrd added: “Yay now they can say f**k more than once.” “Now THIS is what the people wanted,” wrote @RowenasRedHair. @versacemeg exclaimed: “OHHH S**T S3 IS GONNA BE DARK AND I’M READY.” @ghostin60s added: “FINALLY, MORE VIOLENCE AND LET THEM CUSS.” DON'T MISS... Holding viewers 'switch off' ITV drama after '10 minutes' [REACTION]Elliot Page shares photo of incredible physique [INSIGHT]The Umbrella Academy season 3: Fans go wild as they spot cast filming [INSIGHT] @pipparaver remarked: “The fight scenes are gonna be so f*****g intense I cannot wait.” In November, actress Ritu Arya who starred as Lila Pitts opened up to Digital Spy about her love of fan interaction and the memes they made of the cast. She shared: “I love the memes about Diego, someone loves making memes about his character being bald or sticking his head on random men, It tickles me so much.” The Umbrella Academy followed the lives of seven people who were adopted as children and raised by billionaire industrialist Sir Reginald Hargreeves (Colm Feore), who raised them to save the world as young crime-fighting superheroes  In the first season the estranged siblings reunited after Reginald Hargreeves’ death. Together, they worked to solve the mystery of his death while on the tails of another global apocalypse. In season two, the siblings were sent to the past and put a stop to 1963’s doomsday, however, they soon realised things weren’t right, even though they thought the timeline was finally fixed. Having faced a number of unexpected challenges, they will have to try and find their way back to their pre-apocalyptic lives in season three. The Umbrella Academy season 3 premieres on Netflix on Wednesday, June 22.