The Labour leader has said the Prime Minister is going “from dictator to dictator” for oil, attacking Mr Johnson for his visit to Saudi Arabia after the country executed 81 people. However, Sir Keir has also recently attacked North Sea oil companies as having “more money than they know what to do with”. Speaking on Wednesday, Sir Keir warned against replacing a long-term dependence on Russian oil with a reliance on the Saudis. He said: “Obviously there’s a real energy crisis in terms of the cost at the moment, so anything that brings the cost down now is a step in the right direction, whatever it is. “But going cap in hand from dictator to dictator is not an energy strategy.” He then accused the Government of a short term approach to tackling the energy crisis, saying the UK’s response is “a short-term, slapdash approach instead of a long-term strategy”. However, Sir Keir has also backed a windfall tax on oil producers, saying Mr Johnson could bring down energy prices with Labour’s plan. He added on Monday: “Oil and gas companies in the North Sea have made more profit than they expected because of the global price. “In their own words, they say we’ve got more money than we know what to do with: so tax that, use that to reduce your energy bills.” The Labour leader also said earlier in March during Prime Minister’s Questions: “Let me try and help the Prime Minister by coming at it from a different angle. “Before Russia invaded Ukraine, North Sea oil and gas companies were making bumper profits. BP made £9.5 billion, Shell made £14 billion. “In their own words, more money than they know what to do with. Since then the international price of oil and gas has skyrocketed and so will their profits. “When will the Prime Minister admit he has got this badly wrong, put a windfall tax on those super profits and use the money to cut household energy bills?” Mr Johnson replied: “The net result of that would simply be to see the oil companies put their prices up yet higher.” READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Hysterical Remoaner slapped down for belittling Britain Following Sir Keir’s remarks, Twitter users have accused the Labour leader of “sniping from the sidelines”. Twitter user @golfing1974 said in response to Sir Keir’s comments: “Has Keir Starmer suggested where the west should go to fill in the gap made by Russian oil embargo? “As usual, sniping from the sidelines instead of actual policies.” User @freedfromthest1also said: “Where would you get oil from? “Yet again, ex-DPP Starmer makes an empty criticism and thinks that the entire electorate is as thick as his voters and won't spot that he has no plans, just vague statements slogans.” Following Sir Keir’s remarks, Twitter users have accused the Labour leader of “sniping from the sidelines”. Twitter user @golfing1974 said in response to Sir Keir’s comments: “Has Keir Starmer suggested where the west should go to fill in the gap made by Russian oil embargo? “As usual, sniping from the sidelines instead of actual policies.” User @freedfromthest1also said: “Where would you get oil from? “Yet again, ex-DPP Starmer makes an empty criticism and thinks that the entire electorate is as thick as his voters and won't spot that he has no plans, just vague statements slogans.” Another user, James West, said: “Please feel free to share how you would ensure we have an energy supply if you don't go to Saudi or Russia.” User @WessexSaint also said: “So he wants to tax the oil companies to lower bills. But that doesn't change the fact that we will still be needing to import from somewhere. “Typical of him to conflate issues, criticise HMG without offering real alternatives.” Mo Fairclough added on Twitter: “This country cannot exist without energy, we have to get it from somewhere, there’s no use fooling ourselves we don’t. Boris is looking ahead.” On Saturday, Saudi Arabia ordered the execution of 81 citizens, drawing international condemnation. The Ministry of Interior said those executed had been convicted of a wide range of offences, including “terrorism”-related crimes, “disrupting the social fabric and national cohesion” and “participating in and inciting sit-ins and protests”, murder, armed robbery and arms smuggling. It also comes as Mr Johnson stressed the need to work together to stabilise global energy markets in talks with United Arab Emirates' de facto leader Crown Prince Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahyan. Speaking ahead of the meeting, the Prime Minister said: “The world must wean itself off Russian hydrocarbons and starve Putin's addiction to oil and gas. “Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are key international partners in that effort." Both Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are among the few OPEC oil exporters with spare oil capacity to raise output and potentially offset supply losses from Russia. They have so far tried to keep a neutral stance between Western allies and Moscow, their partner in an oil producers' grouping known as OPEC+. The group has been raising output gradually each month by 400,000 barrels a day.