Despite spring just around the corner, areas of the UK are still experiencing cold weather, meaning many people may have their heating on. With over a third of Britons unable to afford to heat their homes this year, according to SafeStyle UK, one expert from the company has shared top tops on keeping the cold out. Adam Pawson, Head of Digital at the UK’s leading window provider, Safestyle UK, has advised homeowners on how to keep their property as warm as possible. He said: “If you’re feeling unwanted cold air in your home, it might be because your windows are not performing as well as they should be. “In fact, it’s actually estimated that up to 40 percent of your home’s energy escapes from your windows. “If you live in an older house that lets a lot of outside air in, then purchasing a smoke pen will help you detect which spot needs the most attention. READ MORE: When to plant new potatoes - Best time for tasty harvest “If you follow the smoke trail and pay close attention to the floorboards, doors and windows, you’ll be able to easily identify the main source of draft.” Homeowners may also need to change their windows if they feel their property isn’t heating up properly. This is because older windows tend to let a lot of heat escape, meaning more energy is probably being used than needed. The expert explained: “Energy efficient windows on the other hand, will not only make your home feel warmer and save you money on your energy bills but will also help to reduce your carbon footprint. DON'T MISS:Common decor mistakes homeowners are making - ‘bad idea’ [EXPLAINER]‘Effective’ houseplants for purifying the the air - ‘great’ [COMMENT]Monty Don shares how to get healthy grass in March [EXPERT] “The amount of savings varies depending on property size but a typical, gas heated semi-detached home could save between £120 to £155 per year by choosing energy efficient windows.” For those opting for new windows, it may be hard knowing whether to go for double or triple glazing. According to the expert, it comes with a hefty price point and is often not worth the extra money. Adam said: “Much of the energy saving benefit is actually made in the jump from single glazed windows to A-rated double glazing. “Whilst there are incremental savings to be made from double glazing to triple glazing, it is often, in our experience, offset by the additional cost of triple glazed windows.” The expert also explained that it is extremely important at the moment to keep on top of window maintenance. He said: “A window’s overall thermal efficiency, solar gain and air leakage, contributes to its official rating, with anything above C considered good. “A quality installation will eliminate drafts as the windows work to keep warm air in and cold air out.” Protecting existing windows using tape is also an effective way of keeping the heat inside the property. Home expert Anna Sharman at www.duette.co.uk, explained: “One of the cheapest ways to save energy is draft proofing your windows. “It’s a highly effective method to prevent heat escaping from your house. “By applying self adhesive foam to a window frame, you can easily lock the heat inside meaning it’s less likely you’ll need to flick the heating on.”