The Duke of Cambridge served in the Royal Airforce from 2009 to 2017 starting as a Flight Lieutenant before going on to become a Helicopter Pilot. According to one of William's military mates, the royal was the victim of a prank from just before his wedding in April 2011, Hello! magazine revealed.  He said: “We spent a few pounds on Kate and William memorabilia and strategically secreted it around the place, so he might find his own face on a cushion or see it on a cup when you give him a cup of tea.” Hello! magazine reported that William's military buddies had spent a considerable effort in going out and buying memorabilia featuring the royal couple in order to strategically place it in areas William would see. At the time of his wedding, the Duke was based in North Wales at RAF Valley in Anglesey, where he was involved in co-piloting an RAF Sea King. His first rescue call involved an emergency response callout from the Liverpool Coastguard in October 2010.  The Duke and three other crew members flew from RAF Valley to an offshore gas rig in Morecambe Bay to help a man who had suffered a suspected heart attack. At the end of his RAF service in 2014 the Duke accepted a full -time role as a pilot with the East Anglian Air Ambulance based in Cambridge. He remained in this position until 2017 when he left in order to carry out more duties on behalf of The Queen. Serving in the military is an important and expected duty for male members of the Royal Family. READ MORE: Henry VIII: Key evidence on Anne Boleyn that ‘went unnoticed’ found  Prince Phillip served in the Royal Navy during the Second World War and was present in Tokyo Bay when the Japanese surrendered to Allied Forces. The Duke of Edinburgh continued in the Navy after his marriage to the then Princess Elizabeth in 1947 but left in 1952 when his wife ascended to the throne. Prince Charles served in the Royal Airforce and Royal Navy from 1971 to 1977 where he qualified as helicopter pilot. Prince Andrew served in the Royal Navy for many years including seeing active service during the Falklands War. DON'T MISS:  Royal LIVE: Oscars threatened with boycott over Meghan and Harry [REVEAL] Sophie Wessex’s ‘disaster’ after marrying into Royal Family [INSIGHT] Queen fights ‘haunting image’ to attend Phillip’s memorial [SPOTLIGHT]  William's brother Harry also served in the Army from 2005 to 2015 including a spell in Afghanistan.