Jenny Agutter has been part of the Call The Midwife cast since the BBC series began in 2012. Sister Julienne is one of the fan-favourites of the historical TV drama, with the award-winning actress being a familiar face on British TV. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how old the star is.  Jenny began her acting career as a child in 1964 when she appeared in East of Sudan. She went on to star in two adaptations of The Railway Children. The actress was born in Somerset but has lived all over the world, including Singapore, Cyprus, Malaya and the US. She relocated to the US in 1974 to pursue a Hollywood career and starred in a whole host of films, for which she won numerous awards. In the 1990s she shifted her focus to British television. READ MORE: Call the Midwife star on being banned from reading scripts early The star is 69 years old and celebrates her birthday on December 20, 1952. She is married to her husband Johan Tham and she has an adult son. The star is still going strong in her career, starring in the 2022 follow-up film, The Railway Children Return. Fans were worried her Call The Midwife character, Sister Julienne, had left the series at the end of the latest season. She was injured in the train crash and she thought her heart was at risk. She made a full recovery albeit she may have to scale back her role at Nonnatus House for a while. The star is likely to feature in the upcoming Christmas special, which will air this winter. The series has also been renewed for a 12th season, much to the delight of fans. Agutter discussed the real-life connection she has to her character. Sister Julienne is based on the real nun, Sister Jocelyn. DON'T MISS... Olly Rix wife: Is the Call The Midwife star married? [EXPLAINER] Laura Main age: How old is the Call The Midwife actress?[INSIGHT] Call the Midwife's Sister Julienne star addresses future on show [INTERVIEW] Talking to Assignment X, she said: "Sister Jocelyn, as she was called, was the person Julienne was based on. "I had photographs of her, and it happened, just by coincidence, that I met a young woman who knew the niece of Sister Jocelyn. "She said would I like to meet, and I did. "She was wonderful, and she wrote out notes for me about her aunt and the way she was. It was great." Away from TV, Agutter was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 2012 for charitable services. She has raised awareness of cystic fibrosis, a cause very close to home for the star and her family. Agutter even suggested an episode of Call the Midwife focused on cystic fibrosis. She is a patron of the Cystic Fibrosis Trust and has carried out plenty of work in support of the charity.  Call The Midwife is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. A Christmas special will air later this winter.