Those tuned into BBC Two's University Challenge for the penultimate match of the series, which was between the University of Reading and the University of Edinburgh, couldn't help but notice one player from the Reading team remained mainly silent throughout the entire episode, leaving her teammates to score the points. Viewers took to social media to question why the student wasn't "contributing". The University of Reading team consisted of Jesudoss, Ounsley, Hutchinson and Bishop. The first three seemed to talk amongst themselves to confer over the answers, but Bishop remained very quiet throughout. Ounsley and Hutchinson in particular seemed to correctly answer a string of questions without help from their team members. The first question Reading faced was answered correctly by Hutchinson. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales Host Jeremy Paxman asked: "Give any of the three consecutive years in which the following occurred - the first commercial publication of The Tale of Peter Rabbit, the signing of the Anglo-Japanese alliance the premiere of Puccini's Madama Butterfly-" "1904," Hutchinson buzzed in to answer before Paxman had finished the question. "1904 is correct, yes," Paxman confirmed. He continued: "You get a set of bonuses this time on the prehistoric Botai culture. "Thought to be among the first to domesticate the horse, the Botai culture flourished in the fourth millennium BCE. "Its archaeological sites are located near the Ishim River in which Central Asian country?" Conferring with her team, Ounsley commented: "It's like the steppes, starts around there. "So, Kazakhstan, is that it?" team leader Hutchinson asked as they went with Ounsley's answer, which was correct. DON'T MISS... Queen of the South's Peter Gadiot lands new role in One Piece [LATEST]Holding producer explains 'perfect' part of ITV crime drama [EXCLUSIVE]Phil Spencer gives tips for First Time buyers 'A seller's market' [INTERVIEW] The next question was again answered correctly by Ounsley and the next was answered incorrectly by Hutchinson. As the round continued and Bishop remained quiet, viewers began to criticise her for not answering questions. Twitter user @pavarottishighc asked: "Is Bishop just there to make up the numbers tonight? #UniversityChallenge." Stuart wrote: "Bishop not warmed up yet #UniversityChallenge." (sic) Referencing Ounsley and Hutchinson's streak of correct answers, Nick Dent commented: "Poor old Reading - it’s hard when only two team members play #UniversityChallenge." Richard Cooper penned: "Bishop's going to surprise us all by answering questions in the final #UniversityChallenge." Blondie went as far as to ask: "Is Bishop alright? #UniversityChallenge". @returnofserve commented: "Bishop and Jesudoss don't contribute anything tbh #UniversityChallenge." The University of Reading ended up winning the round with 145 points. Jeremy congratulated the team for making the final before saying goodbye to Edinburgh. University Challenge continues on Monday at 8.30pm on BBC Two.