According to the police, a Ford Mondeo used an exit slip road to access the A449 near Ombersley, Worcestershire, before colliding with a Vauxhall Astra at about 9.30pm on Wednesday. West Mercia Police said in a statement: “We are appealing for witnesses and information following a serious collision last night.  “Emergency services were called around 9.30pm to reports of two cars that had collided near to the Ombersley junction of the A449 on the Worcester-bound carriageway. “Sadly, the drivers of both vehicles died at the scene. “While the investigation is ongoing, officers believe that one of the cars, a white Ford Mondeo, was travelling in the wrong direction and will have joined the A449 after taking the incorrect slip road and collided with an oncoming car, a black Vauxhall Astra.” The police have notified the families of both the deceased.   A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokeswoman said: “Upon arrival we found the drivers of the two cars both in a critical condition. “Unfortunately, it immediately became apparent that nothing more could be done to save them and they were confirmed deceased at the scene.” The road was closed for hours overnight following the crash, and was reopened at around 7am on Thursday morning. West Mercia Police said that the force is appealing to any witnesses to the crash, or anyone with dash cam footage from the area at the time, to come forward. READ MORE:Two teenagers killed and two more seriously hurt in horror crash  The force said: “'If you have any information that can help with our enquiries please call 101 or report it online quoting incident number 588i of 2 March 2022.” One ambulance, two paramedic officers and a MERIT trauma doctor and critical care paramedic attended the scene, as well as firefighters from Worcester and Droitwich. The A449 at Ombersley was closed in both directions due to the incident, with Worcestershire Highways and Travel officers also attending last night. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Kate urged to stop 'trying to be someone elsePetrol prices soar as Brits fear ‘eye-watering’ energy billsPutin takes over Kherson as he sets out to ‘cut Ukraine in two’