Sunny-Jo Veasey, 28, will now have £320 taken out her account every month after a court hearing took place in her absence and set the overall charge at £2,026. She was initially issued with the fine after being accused of hosting a "rave type gathering of more than 30 persons" at a property she shared with seven other people during a Covid lockdown in February 26, 2021. But Sunny-Jo insists she didn't organise a party, and instead just had a few friends over as her mental health was suffering. "I had a few friends round because my mental state was getting ridiculous because of lockdown. I understand I broke some restrictions but not this crazy amount," the woman said today. "Other people living in the house had their friends round as well and next thing I remember is it got crazily out of hand. People just started streaming through the doors. "Police came and it says in the statement that I accepted some liability." Sunny-Jo, though, was initially given a £10,000 penalty, reports Yorkshire Live. This was reduced at the court hearing this week and will be taken out of Sunny-Jo's wages automatically for around seven months. But Sunny-Jo has appealed the court's decision and a new hearing will take place on Thursday.  She claims the first sum left her bank account without her knowing before the hearing. Sunny-Jo since moved address to Chapeltown, Sheffield, and believes the court correspondence has been sent to her old address in another part of the city. She continued: "They took 17 percent of my income. I have been calling the courts crying and trying to say that I can't afford this. "The cost of living is through the roof and you are taking this much out of my wage. "If it's not changed I will be paying this off for ages. It's going to change my finances, my life and my mental state for a very long time."   The woman is also furious with the government after Boris Johnson allegedly held parties during lockdowns. Police are investigating several gatherings said to have been held at Whitehall and Downing Street. She continued: "They had parties when they were telling everyone else not to and nothing's happened. It's disgusting. "Hopefully something comes of it (the police investigation). "If they can charge a person like me £2,000 then they should get the same, although it will probably just be pocket money for them." 