Red Bull chief Helmut Marko has hit out at British star Lewis Hamilton for the role he played in the removal of Michael Masi as Formula One's race director. Max Verstappen's win in the 2021 Formula One season was clouded with controversy after Masi's decision in Abu Dhabi Grand Prix gifted the Dutchman the opportunity to overtake Hamilton. But Hamilton's actions following the race have been scrutinised by Marko, who claims the Brit is to blame for Masi losing his job. Hamilton applied the pressure behind the scenes and cast doubt over his return to F1. "There were clear indications that Hamilton would not stop because there was no movement in the driver market," Marko said to RTL. "If Hamilton had informed Mercedes that he would take a step back, they would have started looking for a replacement en masse. However, that was not the case, not noticeable. JUST IN: Mercedes' 'major upgrade' will be like music to Lewis Hamilton and George Russell's ears  "By his silence, he only wanted to show his dissatisfaction with the situation and the decisions. Part of that behaviour subsequently also led to Masi being removed from his role. "I don't think it's right. You have to look at his performances over the years. If Masi had everything they are going to enter now at his disposal, it would have been easier for him to decide, a video referee and an advisor by his side. "Michael is now being sacrificed for that." Hamilton led Verstappen by 10 seconds in Abu Dhabi with just five laps left and was set to claim a record eighth Drivers' Championship. DON'T MISS  But a crash by Williams driver Nicholas Latifi meant that a safety car was issued, allowing Verstappen to catch Hamilton up and pit for new tyres. The five cars in between the pair were allowed to unlap themselves meaning Verstappen could go toe-to-toe with Hamilton and clinch the title in the most dramatic of endings. Hamilton will aim to gain redemption in the new season opener in Bahrain on March 20. The Brit claimed he felt 'at his best' ahead of his return to action. "Naturally, I think at the end of any season, probably for those that are around my age, of course you're thinking about the future,” he said. "You're thinking about, what are the next steps? What are the right steps for you to take, and what's right for you in terms of overall happiness? "So I always evaluate all my options. I love being a part of a team. I love working with - and I've said it so many times - everyone towards a common goal. “And I feel at my best, so why do I need to leave? Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 