It’s a slightly gloomier day weather wise, but racegoers have still dressed to impress on the second day of Cheltenham Festival, Ladies Day. Ladies Day is synonymous for dressing up and wearing bright colours. What are the women at Cheltenham wearing today? One racegoer looked ravishing in a bold blue dress vibrant yellow coat, and extravagant fascinator combining the two colours, with a small sheet of black netting over one side of her face. The quintessentially British accessory is traditional at horse racing events, but dates back to the 1500s. She wore a faux fur shawl around her shoulders, clasped with a chic Chanel brooch. READ MORE: Zara Tindall wears £275 Russell & Bromley bag to rugby - 'so pretty' In her hand, she carried a small dark brown handbag, which complemented her matching gloves. With an ensemble as bright at this, racegoer Debbie Grogan opted for nude pumps. Keeping warm but also looking lavish were racegoers Gill Carpenter and Viv Jenner, who arrived in beautiful, bold ensembles. One opted for an off-white coat with fluffy blue sleeves and a fluffy blue panel across the bottom of the dress. She paired this with an elaborate hat in the same colour, which boasted flowers and feathers which are synonymous with Ladies Day, and a subtle silver clutch. A fur shawl rested on her shoulders. Her companion donned head to toe hot pink, including an outlandish feathered fascinator, a pink dress and pink coat. Accessorising with black, the spectator went for black leather gloves, black heeled shoes and a patent black handbag. A fourth racegoer opted for monochrome, with a black and white checked coat, patterned sheer black tights, over-the-knee black boots and black gloves. To tie the outfit together, this racegoer held a stylish Chanel bag emblazoned with the logo. She kept it simple with a slicked back ponytail, letting her outfit do the talking. Others went for comfort over style in casual jackets and umbrellas, but still looked chic as they attended the races. It may be Ladies Day, but the men of Cheltenham also looked dashing this morning. Two gentlemen walked side by side, one in an olive-green suit, shirt and emerald green tie, the other in cream trousers and a khaki jacket with a matching cream tie poking out over the coat. As is typical of the races, the second racegoer opted for a flat cap. Menswear Style revealed that because gentlemen “don’t get too many occasions where us guys can wear hats”, they take full “advantage” of events such as Cheltenham. A gaggle of gentlemen coordinated in purple and green checkered blazers, blue trousers and show stopping red hats. One couple strolled in arm in arm, the woman in a dark blue dress and her male companion in a dapper blue checked suit. Despite the gloomy weather, they shine in yellow: with the lady donning a canary yellow hat and the gentleman a yellow tie and pocket square. With guests still arriving, Cheltenham has many more fabulous outfits to come.