West Ham chief Karren Brady has taken a swipe at Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp in the row over Premier League substitution rules. The outspoken Reds boss has been a major advocate of upping the number of substitutions from three to five - something that Brady claims will hand the top-six a 'big advantage'. So far, English clubs have resisted the urge to up the number of substitutions following a number of votes. But that hasn't stopped some of the Premier League's big-hitters, such as Klopp, from campaigning for the change. Although the traditional three-sub rule remains in place in the Premier League, a host of top European leagues currently permit five substitutions to be made. And both the FA Cup and the Champions League have allowed five changes to be made this year; something that Klopp and Liverpool have benefitted from greatly. The German coach introduced some of his top stars from the bench during their slender 1-0 win over Nottingham Forest in the FA Cup last weekend in a four-man switch. And Klopp's star-studded quartet helped the Reds book a semi-final date with Manchester City. READ MORE: Harry Kane sends Wayne Rooney warning as he closes in on England record And that four-man switch has proved to be the catalyst for Brady's attack on Klopp. The 52-year-old has insisted that the rule would benefit the Premier League's 'Big Six' more than anybody else - just as Liverpool's FA Cup exploits proved. Brady told The Sun: "The mass Liverpool four-man walk-on at Nottingham Forest was Jurgen Klopp’s latest statement that the substitution rules should be updated. The German manager is practically evangelical in his demand that England should follow the continent and the FA Cup and allow five substitutes in league matches. "Whether or not he did his cause a favour will be decided by the Premier League quite soon. We have voted on increasing to five subs three times. Each time it was rejected, mainly because the rule change was proposed after the season had started and a radical change halfway through a season is never a good idea." DON'T MISS: England must have 'tremendous confidence' for Qatar 2022 - Southgate4 England u21 stars who can still make World Cup after Andorra winArsenal star Smith Rowe misses England training again to create doubt Even though Brady doesn't appear to be an advocate for upping the number of substitutions, she does concede that the change is almost 'inevitable'. However, Klopp has fired back on more than occasion at the accusation that the change will benefit Liverpool and the other title contenders in the upper echelons of the Premier League. The Reds chief said previously: “Honestly, for people to suggest it is an advantage tactically has nothing to do with it [his argument]. Absolutely nothing. It’s absolutely not true that it gives us an advantage. Five subs is a must-have for the future. It should be now already but at least for the future because we have to make sure we give the players opportunity to save energy."