According to the NHS, “type 2 diabetes is a common condition that causes the levels of blood sugar in the blood to become too high”. This usually results from a lack of insulin production or desensitisation to the hormone. Taming high blood sugar is critical, however, as destroyed nerves can set the body up for infection. Some of the first signs of trouble may appear in the feet. There are myriad complications linked to diabetes, and most of these ailments result from unregulated blood glucose. One infamous outcome of chronically high blood sugar is peripheral neuropathy, which can cause an onslaught of symptoms in the feet, where the nerves are most sensitive. The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention explains: “Nerve damage is one possible complication from having high blood sugar levels for a long time. “High blood sugar damages the nerves, and these nerves may stop sending messages to different parts of the body.” READ MORE: Diabetes symptoms: Change to your eyesight could be a sign - 'Contact your GP' According to the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK), redness, warmth and swelling could be three signs associated with nerve damage. The condition, known as Charcot’s foot, can cause bony protrusions, changing the appearance of the foot. Charcot’s foot, which decreases sensation and the ability to feel temperature, can also cause pain and trauma in the extremities. “Later, bones in your feet and toes can shift or break, which can cause your feet to have an odd shape, such as a rocker bottom,” adds the NIDDK. Often as the nerves stop working, individuals experience a loss of sensation, which means ulcers and cuts could easily go unnoticed. But because diabetes also lowers the amount of blood flow to the body’s extremities, cuts can take longer to heal, making the feet more vulnerable to infection. Looking after feet is therefore of the utmost importance for diabetics, to avoid trouble further down the line. Individuals should look for cuts, sore, or red spots, swelling or fluid-filled blisters and ingrown toenails that could lead to an eventual infection. Choosing carbohydrates vigilantly is important for blood sugar control. Refined carbohydrates, such as white bread, pasta, and rice, should be avoided, as should other foods with a high glycaemic index.