Just what is El Plan? Is it a social media stunt, thoughts up by the brains behind Fernando Alonso's public profile and Alpine's marketing department? Or is it a genuine scheme to give the two-time world champion the chance to add more silverware to his already impressive collection? The answer, most likely, is somewhere in the middle. Whether or not it was a planned marketing technique when Alonso first uttered the phrase In Turkey last year, it has been used to full effect in that regard. The Spaniard kept bringing it up, and wore T-shirts with the phrase to make sure it didn't slip from anyone's mind. And it gained most traction when, for free practice ahead of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, the letters on Alonso's rear wing were rearranged so that the phrase was there for the whole world to see. Those marketing boffins must lament the fact that it is oh-so-close to being a perfect anagram. Regardless, it's virtually impossible to find a post from Alpine's official Twitter account which even vaguely refers to the Spaniard without those two words coming up in the replies. Perhaps it is the simplicity of it which has made it resonate with fans, even beyond Alpine's flock of loyal supporters. JUST IN: Fernando Alonso's admission will concern Verstappen more than Hamilton Just before Christmas, Alonso himself admitted that it has taken on a life of its own, and that the true meaning of the phrase is lost even upon him. "It’s one of the things that social media networks have now," he said on Spanish TV. "They started with ‘El Plan’, ‘El Plan’, ‘El Plan’ and I don’t know what ‘El Plan’ is either." To clarify, or perhaps to make it even more confusing, he then added: "I think it’s part of ‘El Plan’ that I don’t know exactly what ‘El Plan’ is. You will have to bet. That’s ‘El Plan’…to scare without knowing." But just because it doesn't have a specific meaning, it doesn't mean it can't be used as the springboard for genuine success. The second of Alonso's two title wins came in 2006 – when the team was called Renault, and he was a 25-year-old in his first spell as an F1 driver. DON'T MISS:Max Verstappen admits he has blanked Lewis Hamilton since Abu DhabiLewis Hamilton calls Max Verstappen a 'bully' in unseen footageF1 chief warns Netflix they could cancel Drive to Survive So many things have changed in the sport since then, with the latest happening right now with new technical rules potentially shaking up the grid. it is those changes, though, which Alonso believes might be the ticket for a driver like him to revisit the glory days. "But every five, six or seven years there is a revolution and in the next year there are big changes," he said cryptically in that very same interview last December. However, there are some less-than-positive noises coming out of Alpine right now which suggest El Plan is not on schedule. "Fernando is very good. The car… not so much," a source from within the team apparently told Mundo Deportivo after the Barcelona shakedown. Alonso's assessment – his public one, at least – was more positive as he declared the team is "in a good shape" to continue testing in Bahrain next week. He will have to hope that's true, as time is running out for the Spaniard if he hopes to enjoy one last genuine title attempts. Alonso will turn 41 midway through the coming season, which as it stands will be his last with Alpine with his current deal set to expire at the end of the year. There's no reason why he won't still be on the grid in 2023 and beyond. Unlike fellow veteran Kimi Raikkonen, who retired last year, he still has the passion for the sport. It's more of a question of how long he can continue to put his body through the stresses it has to endure to even race in a Formula 1 car, never mind compete. There would not be a more popular race winner than Fernando Alonso this season, but it remains to be seen whether such an outcome is part of El Plan.