The Apprentice star Tim Campbell has addressed his relief as his co-star Claude Littner returned to the show last week. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Tim, 44, spoke about standing in for the businessman after he suffered serious injuries to his leg during an electric bike accident last year, forcing him to take time away from the BBC show to recover, before returning last week in the semi-finals. Tim also spoke about how he is backing an education campaign to help parents understand the benefits T-level qualifications offer to both children and employees. Speaking about his time on the show, Tim told how he's proud of his input as one of Lord Alan Sugar's aides. When asked if he'd return to the show, he said: "For me, I've been really, really pleased that Lord Sugar asked for me. "I've done what I feel, and what my wife or children judged, to be a good job on this series. "My only focus was to get through the series, I've done that," he added. READ MORE: ‘Just doesn't understand!' Lorraine Kelly makes ‘change’ with husband He said he was glad Claude was finally back on the programme following his horror accident. Tim went on: "I'm really glad that the horrible circumstances that led to it have gone now because Claude's back. "And you saw about his lovely interview, where I think half the nation were hiding behind the sofa, seeing him tear [candidates] to shreds. "But the reality is that I've done my job, and I'm really proud," he explained. Last April, Claude was riding an electric bike a mile away from his home when he found himself lying on the ground. He had to learn how to walk again after injuring his right leg so badly he required multiple surgeries after revealing doctors initially thought they may have to amputate his leg. Recalling the incident, the 72-year-old businessman said: “I was just pottering along, I must have been doing no more than 10 kilometres an hour on this sort of two-track road. “The next thing I knew, I was on the left hand side of the street, my bike was in the middle of the road and I didn't know what happened. DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [INSIGHT]Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts [ANALYSIS]Ben Shephard promises to 'behave' as Ranvir Singh issues warning [UPDATE] "I suspect I hit a pothole or something like that. “But, I must have blanked out at the moment of impact, because the next thing I knew, I was lying on the ground." Claude added he thought he would "just get up" and retrieve his bike, but swiftly realised he was seriously injured as a bone was sticking out of his leg. He was taken to the trauma unit at St Mary's Hospital where doctors managed to save his leg following a long operation. Tonight is the final of the popular show which sees the first ever female final as Harpreet Kaur and Kathryn Burn are set to go up against one another to claim the £250,000 investment for their business idea and a 50/50 partnership with Lord Sugar. Weighing in on which candidate has the edge, Tim revealed he was thankful not being the one to make the choice. He said: "Luckily, Lord Sugar is the one who's got to make that decision, I don't envy him because that's really, really tough. "Both candidates have been great throughout the whole show, pushing themselves forward, not shirking responsibilities leading from the front, pushing from the back, engaging, happy, selling, pitching what they're doing," he added. The Apprentice final airs tonight on BBC One at 9pm. Tim Campbell MBE, backs T-levels as a next level qualification to help young people find jobs and establish their careers. Parents can find out more and access free resources by visiting the T-level info website