The Minister for Brexit Opportunities has opined the Russian invasion has shown the scandal was "fundamentally trivial" as people can hardly remember the exact details. It comes after allies of Boris Johnson believe the Prime Minister can ride out criticism of the lockdown breaking parties even if he is fined by the police.  Speaking at the Conservative Spring Conference in Blackpool, Mr Rees-Mogg described the Russian invasion of Ukraine as "evil" but said it had "reset" the political landscape. He said: "All of that is shown up for the disproportionate fluff of politics that it was, rather than something of fundamental seriousness about the safety of the world and about the established global order. "This I think resets politics in a fundamental way. Because we are now thinking - and Covid was part of this too - how do we deal with the difficult choices that have to be made. "When we look back in 36 years at Partygate, people will think what were they on about?  "Why were they doing that when they were passing from COVID and dealing with that to Russia and Ukraine. "And yet they were distracted by whether or not the Prime Minister spent five minutes in his own garden, or 25 minutes or whatever it is... But you see, one quickly can't remember the precise amounts of times because it is fundamentally trivial." The Brexit Minister’s comments come as at least two Tory MPs withdrew their letters of no confidence in the Prime Minister. Brexiteer MP Andrew Bridgen withdrew his letter of no confidence in Mr Johnson on Thursday saying that although he was "appalled" by the lockdown breaking parties, the "situation has changed " due to the war in Ukraine.  READ MORE: UK can’t even pay its OWN pensioners…so why are we paying EU’s!? POLL   He said: "It would be an indulgence to have a vote of no confidence at the time of an international emergency, and this is not going to go away quickly. "We need Boris Johnson where he is, leading the country." Last week Scottish Tory leader Douglas Ross, who had previously been branded a "lightweight" by Mr Rees-Mogg, also withdrew his letter. Mr Johnson addressed the Scottish Tory conference on Friday after his invitation that had been withdrawn was reinstated.  DON'T MISS:  Rishi Sunak's bombshell spring budget tax admission [REVEAL] Rayner 'burst into tears' after being blamed for death of Tory MP [INSIGHT] Truss 'ready' to torpedo hated deal from NEXT WEEK   [SPOTLIGHT]   Tory MPs are able to trigger a confidence vote in the PM if at least 15 percent of them hand letters to the 1922 Committee headed by backbencher Sir Graham Brady. The tally remains confidential until the key threshold is reached. A Cabinet ally of the PM told The Daily Mail that the rebellion against Mr Johnson was "over". They said: "It was never as close as was being made out, but there was a period of a few days when it looked like things could snowball into a confidence vote that would have been very damaging. "That's over now. He knows – everyone knows – that massive mistakes were made over behaviour in No 10. "But the war in Ukraine has put things in perspective for people. The police will do whatever they have to do, but I think his leadership has given colleagues new confidence in him. "People are seeing the big picture. He will lead the party into the next election now – and he will win it."  