Vera Krichevskaya co-founded the Russian independent broadcaster TV Rain which was forced to go dark following Russia's crackdown on anti-war messaging. Ms Krichevskaya said the Russian media has built up a narrative of Putin being justified in his invasion of Ukraine and says for many years they have thrived off misinformation. She added Russian outlets ramped up their rhetoric following the 2014 annexation of Crimea and explained how Putin had fallen for his own "illusion and propaganda" which has convinced him of his invasion. Speaking to Express.co.uk Ms Krichevskaya discussed the media landscape in Russia and the power it has over individuals. She explained: "You know, I think they participate in the war, they participate in the bombing of Kharkiv and Kyiv. "They participate in the bombing of maternity hospitals in Mariupol. "I think, for me, their role in this war is crucial, without them, there is no Putin regime. "Without them, there is no war, the organisations that you mention [Russia Today and Channel One] have been building up realities that do not exist." Mr Krichevskaya added Russian state outlets pumped the country with pro-Russian propaganda since Crimea and believes it has had a huge part to play in Putin's motives. She believes the long-term exposure to the "lies" has warped Putin's mind which has convinced him of the country's justifications. The Russian documentary maker said Putin believed he was liberating people in Ukraine but has since been staunchly fought back by the individuals he thought he was saving.  TV Rain was one of several independent outlets forced to close down in Russia after they faced a crackdown from the Government. New laws dictated anyone who peddled "misinformation" about the Ukraine conflict could be subject to 15 years in prison. Ms Krichevskaya explained while she was not there on TV Rain's final broadcast, she has been speaking to many of the staff working there who have been forced to evacuate the country for their safety. For their last broadcast, TV Rain ended with the phrase "no to war" before showing a clip of Swan Lake. DON'T MISS India hands Russia lifeline: Modi and Putin poised for huge deal [REPORT] Putin blinks first: Bumper gas supplies sent to EU [REVEAL] ISS horror: Putin sparks panic for 2 NASA astronauts as they spacewalk [INSIGHT]  It is believed to be a reference to the scenes in 1991 when panicked Russian state broadcasters played the ballet instead of live footage of an ongoing coup in Moscow. Echo of Moscow radio station is another high-profile broadcaster that has been shut down in Russia. Ms Krichevskaya also told Express.co.uk she was aware some of the journalists working at TV Rain were subject to threats. She added not all of them were from Russian officials and said several physical threats came from ordinary citizens who believed what Putin was broadcasting. The Russian journalist continued and said she has been promoting her new documentary with the English title of "Tango with Putin" and has been speaking to many English people about it. However, she revealed it was "very painful" defending herself from people who were angry at Russians for the Ukraine invasion. But after explaining her position, Ms Krichevskaya said many were "relieved" to hear about her campaigning and work. Tango with Putin can be found on BBC IPlayer and documents TV Rain's opposition to Putin during the Crimea annexation and subsequent threats of shut down. 