Everyone knows sleep is important for the body to function at optimum capacity, as it is an essential function that allows your body and mind to recharge. It is also key for weight loss and maintaining a healthy weight. But what if your diet began to impact your sleep rhythm? Here's a few things to ditch that may help improve a better nights sleep. Making small changes to your diet can help you get a better sleep at night, according to an expert. Owner of the Therapeutic Kitchen, Jane Mostowfi specialises in supporting clients with weight loss, gut health and female hormonal conditions. And she's identified a few small diet changes that could impact the quality of a person's sleep. "As a Nutritional Therapist, one of the first things I ask my clients is about their sleep," she told Magnet. READ MORE: 'Bold statement': Camilla wears purple and green tartan ensemble "What you eat during the day can have a massive effect on how you sleep at night, but also poor sleep can really have an effect on how you eat the next day so it becomes a vicious cycle when poor eating habits/sleep are involved. "Have you ever noticed that when you have had a bad night’s sleep, the next day you are craving carbs and high sugar foods? "This is because poor sleep can disrupt the hormones in your digestive tract that tell your brain that you are hungry or full." Jane recommends avoiding microwave meals before bed, as it could be making it more difficult for you to drift off. DON'T MISS...James Martin lost a stone and a half with one ‘weird’ secret [WEIGHT LOSS]Woman breastfeeding toddler would consider until the age of 6 [HEALTH NEWS]Dr Michael Mosley: The ‘most effective’ diet for weight loss [DIET TIPS] It's a fairly common habit, but the food and drink that a person consumes throughout the day will effect the an impact on their rest because of the various nutrients and chemicals you are putting in your body. Blood sugar levels surge while you're sleeping, usually around 4am to 8am for someone with a normal sleep schedule. Going to bed with high blood sugar can cause fatigue, despite the amount of sleep you get. And according to Healthline, if you go to sleep with low blood sugar, you may experience headaches, confusion, or irritability upon waking. But there are certain foods that will help you balance your blood sugar levels and improve your sleep. Here are some things to try: Eat foods that are unprocessed. Ensure your veg intake is 50 percent colourful. Consume a good breakfast every morning as it can set you up for the day. Eat three proper meals a day. A common habit is eating fast if people are in a rush, so try to relax when eating as this helps encourage your parasympathetic nervous system to "rest and digest". Unsalted seeds, nuts or a hard-boiled egg make the perfect snack as they are high in protein and healthy fats, rich with minimal carbs and will keep your blood sugar balanced. There are certain foods and drinks that may have a negative impact on your sleep, such as: Snacking late at night Heavy 'carb rich' foods Caffeine Binge drinking alcohol