The Senior Reporter argued that by refusing to stand up to Russia in a severe way, the West is showing its weaknesses which the Russian President will use to his advantage later on. On Monday, the 18th day of the conflict, President Zelensky released a new video on the Telegram service to call upon leaders to impose a no-fly zone to protect Ukrainians from air missiles and bombs.  President Zelensky stated: “The shelling of the International Centre for Peacekeeping and Security killed 35 people and wounded 134 others. “Nothing was happening there that could threaten the territory of the Russian Federation. And only 20 kilometres away are NATO borders. “Now I repeat again – if you do not close our sky, it is only a matter of time before Russian missiles fall on your territory. NATO territory. On the homes of citizens of NATO countries.” Speaking to host Dan Wootton on GB News, the Senior Reporter for the Independent agreed with Mr Wootton that the “folk who are calling for a no-fly zone are not being realistic about the need to avoid nuclear warfare at all costs”.  Benjamin stated: “Indeed. I heard an expert in DC that said the US has war games every possible outcome from behaving like that and almost all of them end in World War Three. “And so, there is basically no dispute about what happens.” The journalist quipped: “Ukraine asked for a no-fly zone. What did we do? Ban McDonald’s in Russia and gave them a no-fry zone. Which really isn’t going to solve it.” The West did not impose a ban on McDonald’s in Russia, instead that decision was made by those at the top of the fast-food chain. READ MORE:Putin's threat to UK: 'I could sink your ships without a world war'  Western leaders have repeatedly stated that despite their support of Ukraine and its people, imposing a no-fly zone would put the world at substantial risk of another major war. On Friday, Boris Johnson spoke on Sky News about the regrettable decision that he cannot impose a no-fly zone because “there is a line beyond which, quite frankly, the UK and NATO would be deemed to be in direct conflict with Russia”. Pentagon Press Secretary John Kirby warned on Friday that a no-fly zone “is combat”. He stated: “There is no way you can do that without willing to shoot and be shot at. DON'T MISS:'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown (REACTION)NASA emergency: Russia shares horrifying map of where ISS crash zone (REVEAL)Houseplants: The ‘cheap and effective’ hack for watering your plants (INSIGHT)  “It is combat and I don’t think it is in anybody’s interest, certainly not Ukraine’s interest for the United States and Russia to be getting into a war in their airspace.” Mr Butterworth noted President Putin’s dishonesty stating that nuclear and chemical weapons are the “things that he has left on the table that he is going to play with”. He continued: “When it comes to things like NATO the argument for decades was that if Ukraine joined NATO, it would spark a war, well they didn’t join NATO and it did spark a war.” He concluded saying: “If you give in to Russia now, then they know a weakness and he is just going to exploit that six months down the line.” 