Manchester United are currently weighing up their managerial options as they plan for a brighter future at Old Trafford. Erik ten Hag has become their No 1 target, with the Ajax boss expected to leave his current side at the end of the campaign. But he’s not the only name in the running, with the Red Devils eager to get this appointment right. Last week, it emerged Manchester United had made Ten Hag their top managerial target after he’d impressed during a job interview. The Ajax boss has spent the last five years working in Amsterdam, helping his team win two league titles - with a third potentially due to follow. United have long admired Mauricio Pochettino, while links to Julen Lopetegui, Luis Enrique and Roberto Mancini have also surfaced. Ten Hag has reportedly been left stunned that United didn’t offer him a contract after his interview. But The Mirror say the Red Devils only intend on doing this once they’ve completed their homework and talked with other candidates. Ten Hag made it clear during his conversation with United chiefs that a big pay hike in his contract wasn’t a necessity. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Instead, he wants assurances over the time he’ll get to turn the club around. United have hired and fired four managers since Sir Alex Ferguson stepped down, with none of the quartet lasting more than four years. Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer spent roughly two-and-a-half years in charge before being axed, with the former guiding them to Carabao Cup and Europa League success during his first year at the helm. David Moyes got just 10 months, whereas Louis van Gaal was given two years before being relieved of his duties in 2016. If United do choose to provide Ten Hag with a contract offer, they’ll need permission from Ajax. And it’s thought a low compensation fee of just £4million would be enough to let the Eredivisie outfit give up their manager. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message United know they have a big summer ahead, especially with so many players being linked with the exit door. Paul Pogba and Jesse Lingard are primed to depart as free agents, with neither living up to expectations during their spells at the club. Dean Henderson could be sold, with Newcastle in pole position to snap up the England international at the end of the season. Question marks remain over Eric Bailly and Donny van de Beek, who struggled for action when Solskjaer was manager. And there’s a chance Marcus Rashford will leave as well, with Arsenal now being linked with the England international. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Meanwhile, regarding Ten Hag, Louis Saha has doubts over whether he’ll be able to cope with the pressures of managing United. Speaking recently, the France international said: "Erik ten Hag has benefited from working at a well-run club in Ajax with a very clear structure. "He's got quality, he's got people around him, the Dutch are very knowledgeable in football but I'm sorry, United are a different animal to Ajax. "Ajax is a trampoline for big clubs, they are respected in world football, but they are not in that elite group. "They aren't Milan, they aren't Real Madrid, so most of the players won't know about him. “They'll have heard of his name but that's about it. "Managing United is a different beast, we have seen some big names come in and get chewed out.” Saha also suggested United pursue Zinedine Zidane instead, adding: "I like the idea of Zidane as he'll get the respect from the players. "But the Premier League is so difficult I'd expect even him to struggle at first.” United are next in action against Leicester on Saturday (5.30pm), where they’ll be hoping to avoid a repeat of the 4-2 defeat suffered at the King Power Stadium earlier in the campaign.