Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge had been caught in a tropical downpour as the royal couple made a stop at a school in the Bahamas during their tour of the Caribbean. The pair arrived at Sybil Strachan Primary School in Nassau trying to escape the rain with two large umbrellas, Kate smiling despite the wet conditions. Prince William greeted teachers at the school before noting the torrential downpour. "Good morning," said the Duke "I'm sorry about this, we've brought the weather with us haven't we." The Duke and Duchess arrived at the school in Nassau in a motorcade with a police escort. William and Kate arrived in the Bahamas from Jamaica, where they were greeted by ecstatic crowds in Bob Marley's former Kingston neighbourhood and faced strong criticism from campaigners seeking reparations from the monarchy for its role in the slave trade. William and Kate's final event in the birthplace of Reggae music was being guests of honour at a passing out parade for new officers in Kingston, which was a throwback to royal tours of the 1950s with the couple standing in the back of a Land Rover as they were driven from the parade ground. Philip Davis, prime minister of the Bahamas, welcomed the couple to his nation on Thursday and told them: "And our best wishes are sent to the Queen, and congratulations on her Platinum Jubilee. "I do not think we will see the same again", to which William nodded.  The duke addressed the issue of slavery during a speech in Jamaica denouncing it as "abhorrent" and saying "it should never have happened". William also expressed his "profound sorrow" at the forced transportation of millions of people from Africa to the Caribbean and North America - a trade which British monarchs either supported or profited from during the 17th and 18th centuries. Speaking during his visit to Jamaica with Kate, he echoed the words of his father the Prince of Wales and described the slave trade as an "appalling atrocity" that "stains our history" and he went on to acknowledge Jamaica's "pain". The future king did not say sorry, just as his father Charles had not apologised during his trip to witness Barbados become a republic in November. Alongside visiting the school the duke and duchess are due to compete in a sailing regatta and participate in a cultural event featuring typical Bahamian food and music. A protest is planned for Friday by Rastafarian groups to demand reparation payments by Great Britain and an apology for slavery. The Bahamas National Reparations Committee, an independent panel created by the government to study the issue, made similar calls in a letter. "They and their family of Royals and their Government must acknowledge that their diverse economy was built on the backs of our ancestors," read a letter published on Tuesday. "They must pay."