Bola Anike, who lives in Brighton and has been working with the campaign group Don’t Divide Us, has hit out at her local council where the far Left administration has pushed schools to teach that the controversial critical race theory (CRT) is fact. CRT, which was developed by Marxist academics in the US, teaches that systems and institutions are inherently racist against black people. Writing for the Express, Ms Anike, has hit out at the Green Party run Brighton and Hove Council for rejecting her pleas for a “colour blind” approach to tackling racism. She said: “I do not want black children in my city taught that the systems that surround them are loaded against them. I do not want black children in my city taught that things they cannot control, like the colour of their skin, have a more significant impact on their future than the things they can, like their work ethic, attitude and dedication. “And I don’t want white children in my city taught that they bear inherited 'racial guilt' which they must atone for through advocacy for a narrow set of partisan racial justice causes. “And if my council insists on adopting a CRT-based approach they must allow for and accommodate alternative approaches to race relations and integration. Anything less is anti-democratic.” She pointed out that there had been no public consultation on introducing a policy which has already been condemned by the Commons Education Select Committee. The committee report recommended that the term “white privilege” should be banned from the classroom because it had potential harm for white working class children It also found that the biggest inequality in school outcomes was from poorer white families who were least likely to hit the required standard or go to university. Ms Anike said: “I believe that racism exists and that we must come together to combat racism in order to work towards a society envisioned by Martin Luther King Jr, one in which we strive to judge and be judged on the content of our character and not the colour of our skin.”  She added: “Colourblind approaches to anti-racism are the reason why the UK is the vibrant diverse multiracial and broadly well-integrated democracy it is today. “It is because the UK is a country that strives to treat people the same, irrespective of their skin colour, that so many people from so many different racial and ethnic backgrounds have come to call the UK home.” Last month Education Secretary Nadhim Zahawi sent officials to investigate Brighton and Hove City Council over the policy. He warned: “I am clear - as is the law in the country - that any contested theories and opinions must not be presented to young people as facts.” Brighton council’s chair for children, young people and skills, Hannah Clare has defended the policy developed after the murder of George Floyd in the USA. At a recent council meeting she told Ms Akine: “I don’t have direct experience of racism because I am a white woman from Essex. But my experience is that I was able to not be aware of the colour of my skin or where I’m from growing up – while peers who were from other ethnic backgrounds were hyper-aware of it.” “They were made to feel aware of it by the actions of others who behaved differently towards them because of the colour of their skin. “This is why educating young people about race, its history and its issues is so important. But to achieve this, everyone, including teachers and education staff, must feel confident and supported in speaking about it.” 