Jamie Redknapp, 48, gushed over his new wife Frida Andersson in an Instagram post shared with his 1.4 million Instagram followers. The former footballer’s tribute to his “incredible” partner came after his ex-wife, Louise Redknapp, praised her mum on Mother’s Day. He shared today, two heartwarming snaps of Frida holding their baby son, Raphael, while on holiday. Jamie captioned the pictures: “Happy Mother’s Day to my incredible wife. I’m so proud of you. “Watching you with Raphael makes my heart melt. Love you.” The post comes a day after Louise shared a carousel of pictures celebrating her mum, who she said gave her “kind and fearless advice”. The sweet upload featured a series of photographs of the singer alongside her mum and her sons, Beau, 13, and Charles, 17. Alongside the photos, Louise wrote: “To all you mums out there wishing you all a happy mother’s day. “To my mum thank you for teaching me to be strong, kind and fearless advice which I pass on to my boys to this day and who make so proud to be their mum, I love you all so much! The former Strictly Come Dancing star concluded: “Had a great day with you all today xxx” (sic) Meanwhile, Jamie has recently opened up on fatherhood becoming a father again 17 years after his first son was born. The football pundit's first two children were with his ex-wife Louise Redknapp. The couple was married from 1998 until 2017 when they announced their split after 19 years of marriage. Jamie and Frida welcomed Raphael in November after tying the knot in October. DON'T MISS...Oscars viewers left reeling after Will Smith slaps Chris Rock [UPDATE]Liza Minneli stuns fans by defying the odds and turning 75 [LATEST]Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga [INSIGHT] Speaking on The One Show last week, Jamie admitted he had just been talking to fellow guest James Bay about fatherhood who said becoming a dad was “the most incredible experience”. Jamie said: “We’ve just been talking about it, it’s the most incredible experience. “To do it 17 years ago with my oldest Charlie and Beau, 13, and now Rafael, five months. “It’s amazing! You know what it’s like Alex [Jones]. It’s been a joy, it really has.” Jamie announced his youngest son's birth on November 24 with an Instagram post of the pair. He wrote: “Meet Raphael Anders Redknapp, we’re so in love, mum is doing so well too. “We can’t thank the amazing doctors and nurses at the Chelsea and Westminster enough. So excited for him to meet my boys.”