Mikel Arteta is aiming to continue his ambitious Arsenal rebuild with six signings in the summer - regardless of whether or not the Gunners secure a top-four finish. The Spaniard embarked on a similar spree last summer which has paid dividends, with the Gunners currently in pole position to end their five-year Champions League exile after splashing out around £150million. Arsenal are currently a point clear of Manchester United in fourth spot, and they crucially hold three games in hand over their old rivals. Arteta's summer budget is likely to hinge on whether or not Arsenal seal Champions League qualification, but the Londoners are still aiming to bolster their squad with an influx of new arrivals before next year's Premier League campaign. According to The Evening Standard, Arteta is set to prioritise signing two strikers and a central midfielder at the end of the season after missing out on deals for Dusan Vlahovic and Arthur Melo in January. JUST IN: Man Utd forced into Pogba action as Juventus put 'offer on the table' The Spaniard embarked on a similar spree last summer which has paid dividends this term, with the Gunners currently in pole position to end their five-year Champions League exile. However, Arteta is also aiming to snap up a winger, a left-sided centre-back and a right-back in a bid to boost Arsenal's prospects of competing in the upper echelons of the Premier League and to ensure they're in a position to re-establish themselves in Europe. The same report outlines that Arsenal are still interested in a deal for Real Sociedad striker Alexander Isak, while Everton's Dominic Calvert-Lewin is also still a target. Canadian hitman Jonathan David and Benfica's Darwin Nunez are two other players the Gunners are actively tracking ahead of the summer in their bid to add more firepower to Arteta's squad. There is also an element of truth in recent reports linking Arsenal with Armando Broja, but the Londoners accept that that it's 'unlikely' that Chelsea will be willing to do business with them. In midfield, the Gunners are set to reignite their interest in long-term targets Douglas Luiz, Youri Tielemans and Ruben Neves. Both Luiz and Tielemans are inside the final 18 months of their contract, which means that they could be available for the right price in the summer. The Gunners have also earmarked Luiz's Villa team-mate, Carney Chukwuemeka and Palmeira star Danilo as two prospects to keep an eye on in midfield. Arsenal's hopes of signing a winger are also set to be revisited after they reportedly held talks with Juventus ace Dejan Kulusevski before he signed for Tottenham. The final name on the Gunners preliminary list of targets for the summer is Middlesbrough's coveted wing-back Djed Spence, who currently has a whole host of European admirers. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ Spence has impressed during a season-long loan stint in the Championship with Nottingham Forest; and even tormented Arsenal back in January when Forest dumped Arteta's side out of the FA Cup. But with reports suggesting Bayern Munich have also expressed an interest in the youngster, any deal is set to be far from straightforward for one of the EFL's hottest young prospects.