Jack Sheridan (played by Martin Henderson) and Mel Monroe’s (Alexandra Breckenridge) romance has endeared the duo to Virgin River viewers for three drama-filled seasons so far and with a fourth on the horizon, the pair’s popularity has never been stronger. However, while the season four release date on Netflix remains under wraps, those awaiting further news from the likes of Henderson have been met with silence across his social media channels. That’s until now as the star returned to Instagram over the weekend with some rather big news. Henderson returned following somewhat of a hiatus from social media to fill fans in with the latest developments regarding another on-screen project he’s been working on. While Virgin River’s return date remains a mystery, Henderson revealed he was back to promote his new upcoming horror flick, X. Alongside the likes of Pitch Perfect’s Brittany Snow, YOU’s Jenna Ortega and rapper Kid Cudi, X takes viewers back to 1979 as a group of young adult filmmakers find themselves fighting for their lives when their hosts discover their intentions. In a clip shared to his stories and later clipped by fan account @virgin_river_moments, Henderson said: “How’s it going? It’s Martin. Haven’t been on Instagram in a while, I hope you’ve all been well out there in Instagram land." READ MORE: Virgin River's Martin Henderson supported by co-stars on his new role Updating fans with what he’s been up to, he continued: “I’m back in the United States, I’ve been in New Zealand for a few months with my loved ones, my friends, my family, mowing a lot of lawns. “But anyway, I’m back in the States, I’m in Austin, Texas, this is my hotel room - there you go,” he said as he panned the camera around the room. “Some flowers there from my sweetheart,” he went on. “Yeah, I’m here promoting a movie called X, a movie that I shot in New Zealand last year and it’s being released - well, it’s premiering tonight here in Austin at the SXSW Festival. “So I’m here promoting the film starring Mia Goth, Brittany Snow, Kid Cudi, Jenna Ortega… it’s a great movie, it’s very funny.” However, he did warn some of his followers that it may not be suitable for all. “It’s a horror film set in the 1970s, it’s rather absurd but it’s not for the faint of heart,” he warned. “So if you have a faint heart I recommend you don’t see it. But if you like a good scare and a rather shameless, provocative cinema experience, you’ll have a good time. “Anyway so I thought I may drag you around some of the publicity stuff today,” he signed off before sharing a number of snaps from his day of press commitments. DON'T MISS:'Didn't think I could do it' Virgin River's Tara star on 'anxiety' Virgin River season 4 release: Mel star drops huge updateVirgin River’s Brady star details why 'lumberjack' filming was halted While it may not have been the Virgin River update fans had been wanting, Henderson’s return to social media was enough to send excitement levels rising. Replying to the fan account @arlenelitton penned: “I missed you, Martin. Can’t wait to see your new movie.” @bourleegaetane echoed: “Hello Martin. Happy to see you again. I miss you. Good luck with this new movie. You are just handsome.” While @myromanticcreations added: “Very glad to see him again. I missed Martin very much.” And the gushing messages didn’t stop there as @kathysacony weighed in: “Awww! It’s so good to finally see you again! I’m a faint of heart, I’m scared of scary movies, so I won’t watch, but I’m anxiously awaiting for season 4 of VR!” “So great to see you again. Good luck with your premiere. I know you'll crush it,” @eileengols insisted. While @gebremedhinalem kept their message short and sweet as they replied: “Nice to see you again.” Virgin River seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Netflix now.