Announcing the decision yesterday (Thursday), George Eustice, the Environment Secretary, said the measures were “not the whole solution” but would “help farmers manage their nitrogen needs”. Agricultural organisations welcomed the move, but urged the Government to consider diversifying the nation’s domestic fertiliser supply.  British food producers have been struggling with rising costs in recent months due to the high levels of inflation – which reached 6.2 percent in February – caused by the pandemic and the war in Ukraine. This has put pressure on fertiliser prices, alongside fuel and animal feed, which threatens to drive consumer prices even higher. Farming groups have urged the Government to allow them to use manure as an organic alternative to artificial fertilisers, the production of which relies on natural gas. Following a consultation last year, an outright ban of urea fertilisers has been considered.  READ MORE: UK heading for famine and civil war ‘disaster beyond imagination’ This is due to the damaging environmental impacts such fertilisers can have: use of them can release carbon dioxide into the atmosphere as the fertiliser breaks down. According to the University of Sheffield’s Institute of Sustainable Food, around 70 percent of the world’s agriculture uses urea fertilisers, contributing massively to greenhouse gases. The Red Tractor farming group had put forward an alternative, limiting use of untreated fertilisers to the first three months of the year, which the Government welcomed and said would monitor the effectiveness of. However, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has now said it would delay any measures by at least a year to help farmers cope with rising costs.  Instead of being implemented in the autumn, any bans will now be implemented next April, and will incorporate the new Red Tractor proposal, according to trade publication Farmers Weekly. Defra said that when restrictions are introduced, “they will include the use of ammonia inhibitors rather than a complete ban”. Farming representatives have hailed the change as a victory for farmers, but warned the Government must do more to protect domestic supplies and ease the transition to sustainable farming. Minette Batters, president of the National Farmers’ Union, commented that the measures “are positive for farmers” which “will allow autumn manure spreading”.  DON'T MISSAnti-social teens terrorising town asked to become advisors by council [INSIGHT]Couple ate scallops and steak at restaurant then left without paying [REPORT]Russia details chilling plan for ‘new world order’ with China [ANALYSIS] Mark Tufnell, president of the Country Land and Business Association, said: “Whilst we welcome today’s announcements, it is important to recognise the sheer scale of the challenges ahead in the UK’s food production. “The exceptionally high price of fertiliser can be mitigated only to a degree by high commodity prices. Some farmers may choose not to spread fertiliser at all this year. “But if prices continued to stay at this all-time-high then government will need to urgently consider ways of increasing and diversifying domestic fertiliser production.” Meanwhile, Liz Bowles, farming director at the Soil Association, argued that it was “vital that we act differently to our post-war response in the 1940s by prioritising climate and nature alongside food security”.  She added: “The ongoing damage being done to soils, wildlife, and climate poses the biggest threat to food security and nature-friendly, agroecological farming provides the best path to ensuring long-term resilience. “The transition needed cannot happen overnight, and a step-change in funding for farmer-led research and peer-to-peer learning will be essential.” The Environment Secretary appeared to agree with this appraisal in his statement announcing the raft of new agricultural measures.  Mr Eustice said that the significant rise in fertiliser costs caused by natural gas shortages “is a reminder that we need to reduce our dependence on manufacturing processes dependent on gas”. He added: “Many of the challenges we face in agriculture will require a fusion of new technology with conventional principles of good farm husbandry. “The measures we have announced today are not the whole solution but will help farmers manage their nitrogen needs in the year ahead.” 