China Eastern Airlines Flight 5735 from Kunming to Guangzhou is believed to have crashed near Wuzhou in Southern China while travelling from Kunming to Guangzhou. China state media reported 132 people were on board the plane when it crashed, with rescue services dispatched to the site of the accident. Footage shared on social media shows billowing black smoke and flames rising towards the sky in what appears to be a mountainous area.  China's Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) said the jet involved in the accident was a Boeing 737 aircraft and the number of casualties was not immediately known. The CAAC said the aircraft lost contact over the city of Wuzhou. It had 123 passengers and nine crew on board. State media said earlier there were 133 people on board. In a statement, the aviation authority said: "The CAAC has activated the emergency mechanism and sent a working group to the scene." The flight departed the southwestern city of Kunming at 0511am GMT, FlightRadar24 data showed. JUST IN: Horror as Boeing 737 carrying 133 passengers crashes in China after mountain ‘accident' The flight tracking ended at 0622am GMT at an altitude of 3225 feet with a speed of 376 knots. Flight 5735 was due to land in Guangzhou, on the east coast, at 0705am GMT. Additional footage has been circulation allegedly showing wreckage being discovered in the Teng Country, Guangxi region. The website of China Eastern Airlines was later presented in black and white, which airlines do in response to a crash as a sign of respect for the assumed victims. READ MORE: Russia's failure in Ukraine set to spark 'new Cold War' with CHINA The safety record of China's airline industry has been among the best in the world over the past decade. According to Aviation Safety Network, China's last fatal jet accident was in 2010, when 44 of 96 people on board were killed when an Embraer E-190 regional jet flown by Henan Airlines crashed on approach to Yichun airport in low visibility. In 1992, a China Southern 737-300 jet flying from Guangzhou to Guilin crashed on descent, killing all 141 people on board, according to Aviation Safety Network. 