Bridgerton season two is released today on Netflix as fans of the regency romp get stuck into a new story. This time around it’s Jonathan Bailey’s Anthony Bridgerton who leads the show as viewers watch him caught in a love triangle with Kate Sharma (played by Simone Ashley) and Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran). However, as the series airs, it also prepares to say goodbye to one of its key players next season. This is because showrunner Chris Van Dusen will be stepping down at the end of season two. His replacement has not yet been named but there are two more outings of the show already confirmed. Speaking at the Bridgerton Global Press conference earlier this week, Jonathan opened up about this and how sad he’ll be to bid farewell. READ MORE: 'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star  He told Express.co.uk and other media how helpful Chris was when he was preparing to star in the show. Jonathan explained: "Chris, we had loads of amazing conversations. “It's gonna be so sad to not have him as our captain going forward.” Following his comments, many of his co-stars shared their sadness with a round of applause for the creator.  Elsewhere at the press conference, the stars addressed the lack of sex scenes in the second series of the show. As many fans will know, the Netflix hit became famed for its raunchy moments when season one aired. However, the second outing has toned these down as showrunner Chris opened up about why. He said: "It was never about quantity for us.  DON'T MISS... ‘Just doesn't understand!' Lorraine Kelly makes ‘change’ with husband [INSIGHT]Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [VIDEO]Loose Women's Charlene White weighs in on royal visit [INSIGHT]  "Our approach to intimacy on the show really is the same as season one. “And we use these intimate scenes to tell a story and to push the story forward. “We've never done a sex scene for the sake of doing a sex scene, and I don't think we ever will. "It all serves a larger purpose and it's a different story this season. “It's different characters. We're with Anthony and Kate most of the season and that's very different from Daphne (Phoebe Dynevor) and Simon (Regé-Jean Page).  "And that's really part of the draw to me of a project like this, the ability to tell these close-ended love stories of different characters season after season." Simone then added why she felt the scenes were more scarce this season. She said: "And it makes sense for these characters because they're so protective over their families and they're so truthful to their duties and responsibilities – so for them to break that wouldn't have made sense for the characters. "And as Chris has said, they aren't performative sex scenes or intimate scenes. “They have a meaning behind them and I think it's very earned when the fireworks happen." 