Just weeks before Putin's invasion of Ukraine, China's President Xi Jinping declared that his friendship with Russia had "no limits", sparking widespread concern that China would back the Kremlin. Recent reports state that the Chinese president knew about Russia's plans for Ukraine and asked Putin to hold off on the invasion until after the Winter Olympics. President Vladimir Putin launched his attack on Ukraine on February 24, just four days after the games ended. However, Beijing has vehemently denied the claim they asked Moscow to refrain from its invasion, dismissing it as "fake news". It comes as China, once again, abstained from denouncing the attacks on Ukraine at the United Nations General Assembly on Wednesday. The special emergency meeting saw 141 countries condemn Putin's brutal actions, five backed the Russian president, while 35 countries- including China - abstained from the vote.  Zeno Leoni, a defence studies expert from King's College London, told Express.co.uk: "My sense is that China is very upset with the situation. "If this conflict remains as it is, a localised issue in Ukraine, China will be willing to pay an economic cost. "Right now, the long-term political objectives are more important to China than what is going on in Ukraine." He said this could change if Russia hit any more naval assets in the Mediterranean region because the bulk of Chinese trading coming into Europe is through the Mediterranean sea.  READ MORE: Macron issues grim warning moments after Putin phone call Russian missiles hit a Japanese cargo ship last week in the Mediterranean sea, and if it was to happen again this could "lead China to act more assertively". However, Mr Leoni said "China is unlikely to intervene militarily", which he says "is not an option from what we can see at the moment". He added: "China is always trying to turn every kind of scenario into an opportunity and is trying to be seen as a responsible power. "At the minute, China doesn't stand to lose much at this stage and they hope not the jeopardise their relationship with Russia".  DON'T MISS: China 'to cancel Premier League broadcasts' in support of Russia [INSIGHT]China’s discarded rocket to crash into Moon’s surface in HOURS [ANALYSIS]China blasts Western 'fake news' [COMMENT] Mr Leoni told Express.co.uk that should the war escalate even further, this could cause a breakdown in the relationship between China and Russia. But the defence expert said Beijing is unlikely to join the West in sanctioning Russia as it "will hope to leave a door open" for future relations with the country. He said China "might do something that would please us but not necessarily jointly with the West". He added: "I really don't see that happening as that might close the door between China and Russia. "China will always want to have more options on the table." 