Bargain Hunt continues to air at lunchtime on BBC One and the uplifting TV series sees a whole host of experts supporting the two teams. Kate Bliss is known for her TV appearances and has featured on shows like Flog It! and Secret Dealers. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how old the expert is. Kate Bliss is a trusted professional on a number of antiques programmes and she specialises in jewellery and silver. The star is a fellow of the Great Britain Gemmological Association - a gemmology education body. She was born in 1975 in Herefordshire and grew up in Hampton Bishop. With an initial interest in English Literature, she studied the subject at Oxford University before switching to fine art. READ MORE: Stephanie Connell age: How old is the Bargain Hunt expert? Kate's exact birth date is not known but as she was born in 1975, she is either 46 or 47 years old. She used to work for her dad's valuation and auction business, before joining Brightwells Auctioneers and Valuers. The expert also collaborated with another Bargain Hunt expert, having joined Philip Serrell's auction business. She is now running her own Fine Art Valuation business and works as a jewellery and silver expert. Bargain Hunt's Charles Hanson is another colleague she has worked closely with.   As for her TV roles, Bargain Hunt marked her television debut as she had been spotted by the crew whilst they were filming at Brightwells auction house. She went on to present the likes of Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is and has featured as an expert on other antiques shows. Kate married Jonathan Bliss in 2005 and they have two children. Her business is based in Hereford and she offers a number of professional valuation services. She covers ceramics, furniture, textiles, paintings, works on paper and more. DON'T MISS... Richard Madley wife: Is the Bargain Hunt expert married? [INSIGHT] Tim Weeks partner: Is the Bargain Hunt expert married? [EXPLAINER] Danny Sebastian height: How tall is the Bargain Hunt expert? [INSIGHT] Speaking about why she chose a career in antiques, she said: "My father had his own saleroom when I was growing up so I started rummaging for treasure and sitting on the auctioneer’s rostrum, from an early age. "I think a lot of the antiques business is in the blood. "So many traditional dealers impart their knowledge and enthusiasm to the next generation, and so the tradition continues. "My father certainly taught me how to auctioneer and command the room. "My parents love antiques and quirky objects (my mother’s idea of a great Christmas present is an antique shrimping net) and their passion has rubbed off on me. "I also loved studying the craftsmanship of pieces and the history behind them." On what path she would have considered as an alternative to auctioneering, she said she would probably be a barrister. She added: "I tinkered with the idea of doing Law but Fine Art won. "I am sure there are some similarities though between holding forth in a courtroom and in a saleroom." Bargain Hunt airs on BBC One on weekdays at 12.15pm.