Red Bull's head of development Helmut Marko has taken a swipe at Mercedes chiefs ahead of the new season by showing his dismay at them 'whining'. The two teams will go head to head in the season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday.  Mercedes pipped Red Bull to the Constructors' Championship last season after Valtteri Bottas fared much better than Sergio Perez in the standings to bring home an eight-straight accolade for the Silver Arrows, despite Max Verstappen's controversial win in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix clinching him his first Drivers' Championship. However, ahead of the new season, there is uncertainty about which cars will succeed in the first race due to the significant changes to technical regulations for the 2022 season. McLaren and Ferrari posted extremely respectable times in pre-season testing as they threaten to upset the apple cart. Yet according to Marko, Mercedes have been 'whining' all too often ahead of the new season at the new competition that threatens their status as top dogs. And the Austrian has claimed that they have no reason to do so, given that their testing times and actual times last season were much different as they won the first race.  “We know Ferrari have built a compact car that is also very reliable,” he told Sport1. “But we also know Mercedes – they always whine during the test drives and then it suddenly goes boom. It was the same last year. They also had problems during the test and still won the first race.” Marko then took another dig at Mercedes, claiming they still have to perfect something in their game that Red Bull have mastered. “The time Max drove with the C3 tyres was more important [than his fastest lap on the C5 tyres]. This is the tyre that will be used in qualifying on the race weekend. Our big update worked as expected in Bahrain. Both drivers get along very well with the car.  “We also don’t have a major issue with hopping on the straights, which can particularly affect reliability. Mercedes still have to get this under control.” The new season gets underway on Friday, with the Grand Prix taking place on Sunday at 3pm. 