Zara Tindall, 40, is Princess Anne’s daughter and a member of the Royal Family. As well as being the Queen’s granddaughter she is also a professional equestrian. She represented Team GB in the London 2012 Olympics and even won a silver medal, the first person in the Royal Family to do so.  Zara’s eating habits may change when the equestrian is training to compete, such as for the 2012 London Olympics. However, the royal’s day-to-day life with husband Mike Tindall, 43, and their three children Mia, eight, Lena, three, and 11-month-old baby Lucas, is relatively normal. The family live in Gloucestershire, and in the past, Mike has given his Instagram fans a glimpse inside some of the tasty dishes the family enjoy. READ MORE: Kate Middleton 'allows herself the odd sweet snack' - 'isn’t a crime' Zara and Mike welcomed their first daughter Mia in 2014 and revealed shortly afterwards her breakfast choices tended to be quick and easy. She told the Sunday Times Magazine her morning began at 7am with Greek yoghurt and honey, which she would eat before using the exercise bike at their home on the Gatcombe Park estate. For lunch, the royal revealed the secret to her toned figure is avoiding two types of food. She said: "Lunch is quick and simple, like soup and a sandwich or eggs and toast. “I don't diet but I try to eat well and not to eat too many carbohydrates or sugary things," Zara added. Aside from her homemade lunches, Zara is also partial to a picnic. Zara and Mike were pictured at the Maserati Royal Charity Polo Trophy Match in Tetbury in June 2017 with their packed lunches. Mike was holding the picnic basket and croquet stick, and the contents of the picnic appeared to be classic ingredients like breadsticks, sausage rolls and fruit.  The Tindalls reportedly eat dinner together like all other ordinary families, and Mike Tindall uses his Instagram to share snaps of the family eating. Mike shared a photo from the Tindall family's kitchen in 2020 of the royal couple enjoying tasty burgers. The burgers appeared to be heavily stacked, with double beef patties, bacon, lettuce and melted cheese inside sesame burger buns. There were four burgers on the chopping board, one for each member of the Tindall household (prior to Lucas being born on March 21, 2021).  The former rugby player used a meal-making kit from London restaurant Mac & Wild to create professional-looking cheeseburgers, served on a rustic wooden board. Mike captioned the photo with: "Trying the @macandwild build yours at home and pretty happy with how they look!!! Get in my belly!!" The 'Venimoo' burger packs include brioche buns, beef patties, venison patties, cheese slices, salad, and condiments. Mike also revealed his top takeaway choice, telling The Guardian back in 2007: "If Zara is away competing I'll have my only takeaway of the week. “It would definitely be a Chinese - it might be a banquet for two but obviously that would just be for me. I can do that fairly easily,” the rugby star added. Zara has also been pictured snacking on pizza and ice creams with her daughter Mia while attending the Gatcombe Horse Trials. 