Below Deck Sailing Yacht provided fans with another instalment of chaotic scenes which included drunk antics and a bizarre injury. The episode also gave fans more insight into Daisy and Gary’s fling and viewers have stated they want to see more of the two together.  Since the trailer for the third season of Below Deck Sailing Yacht aired, viewers have been eagerly waiting to watch the steamy episode between Daisy Kelliher and Gary King. Thankfully for fans, questions were answered in the recent episode when they gained insight on the pair’s kiss in the hot tub. Although the two have since denied a relationship, fans have taken a liking to the idea of Daisy and Gary being together. As a result, viewers took to social media to share their support of the Chief Stewardess and Gary’s fling. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom stars 'heartbroken' and 'exhausted' as movie wraps Twitter user @ryethegirl tweeted: “Is it weird that I want Daisy and Gary to end up together?! Are they Below Deck Jim and Pam?” A second user, @Akelexapro, added: Why am I kinda rooting for Daisy and Gary to have a fling this season? The enemies to lovers trope?” Meanwhile @LisaRSP shared: “I can't lie, I'm kind of liking the idea of Daisy & Gary.” While @TopherFrance observed Gary and Daisy have been flirting since the season started, I'm not surprised”    Another fan, @popofcolorpod, swooned: “I LOVE DAISY AND GARY FLIRTING SO MUCH MORE THAN THEM FIGHTING.” @snarkysunfish confessed: “ok but I’m kind of onboard this Daisy and Gary ship.” Although the kiss happened while the pair had been drinking, fans are convinced it was the result of the two flirting throughout the season. As the series hits the screens a long while after the events have occurred Daisy has since taken responsibility for the kiss and shared her guilt for her actions as Gary was her friend Alli Dore’s ex.  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street twist as Daisy Midgeley uncovers link to Sean Tully? [THEORY]Below Deck Sailing Yacht newcomer admits to feeling 'part of the team' [INSIGHT]Below Deck fans horrified as Sailing Yacht star suffers gross injury [REACTION] Speaking to DailyMail, the Chief Stewardess revealed she told Alli as soon as it happened and the two have since smoothed things. She explained: “I told her during the season, I told her as soon as it happened because I wanted to be upfront. “I expect that from my friends and I want to extend the same courtesy to my friends.” “I do feel bad that I did that to Alli, but I also think Alli has a new boyfriend and a baby and has left that in the past.”  A while after the smooch Daisy had completely forgotten it happened as she was intoxicated when it happened. Later she had only considered it to be playful as she couldn’t really remember before she discovered it was in fact more passionate. After the trailer was released and caused a fan frenzy, Daisy joked about the kiss on Instagram: “I feel like that was my alternate personality, we need to name her, but that definitely wasn’t me.” She added: ”I’m really enjoying how many people’s minds are blown [about Gary]. No one’s mind was more blown than mine the next day, I have no recollection of that kiss.” Below Deck Sailing Yacht is available on Bravo in the USA and available on Hayu in the UK. 