A new survey has found that of cars up to four years old, nearly one in three EV owners reported one fault or more, compared to less than one in five petrol cars. Owners of those faulty electric cars then went an average of just over five days without the use of their car while it was being fixed - compared to just three days for petrol cars. Because of this, Which?, who commissioned the data, is calling on car manufacturers to improve the reliability of electric vehicles. Among cars four years old or less, the Kia e-Niro, which starts from £32,895, was found to be the most reliable EV and also the most reliable small or compact SUV of any fuel type - one of the most popular classes of car on the market. Just one in every 17 e-Niro owners reported any kind of fault with their car and only one in 100 said their car had failed to start or broke down. However, the unlucky few who did have an issue faced an average of around eight and a half days off the road, showing there is still work to do on improving repair times when things do go wrong. READ MORE: DVLA issues warning to elderly drivers In spite of the high fault rates reported by EV owners in the survey, Kia has proven that electric cars have the potential to be very dependable. Which? is calling on other car makers to up their game and improve the quality of their cars. Manufacturers need to gain the trust of drivers to encourage them to switch towards more sustainable cars. Lisa Barber, Which? Home Products and Services Editor, said: “We know that drivers are keen to make the move to more environmentally-friendly cars but it is vital that they are getting a quality product. DON'T MISSNew car tax changes will hit petrol and diesel owners with daily fee [WARNING]Drivers urged to pay car tax ahead of major VED changes next month [INSIGHT]New number plate changes being introduced today as car prices may fall [URGENT] “Whilst it’s disappointing to see that EVs as a group are the least reliable, Kia’s e-Niro shows there is a significant opportunity for manufacturers to up their game and provide drivers with a reliable and more sustainable car. “With EVs in particular, our research shows a premium price tag does not necessarily mean a reliable vehicle. “So we would always encourage drivers to do their research ahead of such a significant purchase to see which cars and brands they can trust.” Which? says that there is a potential for manufacturers to improve as there are fewer moving parts in EVs than in other fuel types. The most common faults raised by drivers with their electric cars were software problems, not motor or battery pack issues. The survey found that the most reliable cars of any fuel type are full hybrids, with just one in six owners reporting a fault among cars aged up to four years old. Despite their most expensive model costing up to more than two and a half times more than the e-Niro, Which?’s survey also found that Tesla is the least reliable EV brand. In cars up to four years old, two fifths of Teslas had at least one fault and one in 20 had a breakdown or failed to start. The consumer rights group has previously called for the Tesla Model S, which starts from almost £80,000, to be recalled over issues with its door handles and locks for two years in a row. Despite this, Tesla’s were only off the road for just under three and half days on average when they needed repair work. As well as calling for an improvement in EV reliability, Which? has also recently called for the quality and provision of charging infrastructure to be significantly improved. A recent policy paper from the consumer champion calls for improvements in the accessibility and the experience of using the public charging infrastructure. They say: “Having confidence in both electric vehicles and the infrastructure to charge them is crucial to support drivers to choose a more sustainable car.”