Judge Robert Rinder, 43, has hopes to connect with his former Strictly Come Dancing partner Oksana Platero's family who are attempting to flee the Russian invasion in Ukraine. The 33-year-old dancer became overwhelmed with emotion as she opened up about her grandparents' struggles. The Strictly star revealed her elderly grandparents were turned away at the border because her uncle, who is driving them, is 57, not 60. But the dancer made the plea her uncle was their only hope because two of her grandparents cannot walk. The Ukrainian-born dancer addressed the issue on talkRadio yesterday, where she spoke candidly with Judge Rinder. Tearing up, she began: "Hi Rob. It's good to see you... I just get emotional. I'm sorry. READ MORE: Demi Rose pouts as she spills out of bikini in eye-popping display "Emotions have just overtaken. It's a hard time for all of Ukraine." Addressing her family's difficulties to be able to cross the border, Oksana explained: “I spoke with them several hours ago, they were on the border. They were trying to cross. "But they were turned around because my uncle who is the driver of the car that they are in and he is helping with them with everything you know - its three grandparents ages between 75 and 90 years old, two of them cannot walk at all. “He’s the only one who can physically help him. Without him, they can’t make it.  "From what I understand, they were turned around because he’s not 60 years old yet. "He’s 57, you know, he has big leg injury himself. But without him they will not make it.” Judge Rinder vowed to assist her family and would do everything that he could to help. He replied: “We are going to go to the border on Monday to do everything we can.” DON'T MISS... Rod Stewart, 77, forced to fix nightmare potholes near his home[LATEST]BBC's Deborah James 'so sad' after being rushed back to hospital[UPDATE]Christian Horner blasted as 'unwatchable' amid F1 backlash[SPORT] The ITV court judge shared the clip on Twitter, in view of his 190,000 followers. It comes after the barrister explained that he will be reporting on the Ukrainian crisis on the border from Monday. He wrote: “Oksana Platero my Ukrainian dance partner on @bbcstrictly gifted me so much. "Right now her grandparents are a week into their struggle to find sanctuary in a safe country. “I’ll be trying to meet them on the border next week. They’re just a few of the millions who need us.” The television personality had been met with criticism this week after trolls hit out at his move. Twitter user, LifeOnTheJohn said: "How many 'celebrities' are going to do this. "Like the ones who recorded songs for Covid. It's just media b******t again. The moon landed all over again." Judge Rinder replied: "Hi there, I hear your skepticism. "I have collected evidence in international criminal matters and dealt with traumatised children in war crime cases. I hope I'm not 'one of those celebrities'. Be safe and full of joy x." 