The Chase star Anne Hegerty has been dubbed 'Queen Anne' by her quiz show co-stars after finding out she is related to royalty. The star, who is known as The Governess, 63, made the discovery after taking part on new ITV programme DNA Journey alongside her The Chase co-star, Shaun Wallace. During the show, Anne found out she is descended from royalty. Speaking about the shock discovery, an ITV source claimed the star was excited by the news. They said: "Anne was excited and fascinated to learn she has royal relations. "It was a big shock to her but a very nice one and she was very interested to delve into the details to find out more about it," they added. READ MORE: Janette Manrara breaks silence on husband Aljaz's Strictly farewell As a result of her blue bloodline, Anne's The Chase colleagues have given her a new nickname. Addressing Anne's revelation, Shaun told how he and his The Chase co-stars now "curtsy" to her. Shaun said: "Without spoiling anything, we call her 'Queen Anne', because obviously she's the queen of quizzing, but we have to really bow and curtsy to her now!" Speaking about her discoveries on the show, Anne also told how her ancestors survived multiple German torpedo attacks during the First World War. She said: "I discovered my great-grandmother's first cousin was a deputy chief engineer on an ocean liner during World War One and survived two German torpedo attacks. "He clung onto an upturned lifeboat for four hours. "I came away feeling really impressed by that level of endurance," she revealed. Whilst on the show, The Governess star said she came face to face with the remains of one relative. DON'T MISS... Alec Baldwin offers support to Chris Rock after Will Smith slap [INSIGHT]'Get it off!' Ralf Little in hysterics as Will Mellor tells him off [ANALYSIS]Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts [UPDATE] Anne added: "I also handled the skull of an ancestor." She went on to tell The Mirror it was a "proud moment." Anne and Shaun also travelled to Jamaica together to learn more about his ancestry. However, he candidly told how his colleague was concerned her ancestors could have "owned" some of Shaun's. Shaun described the time he and Anne had spent together in the country as "special", admitting The Chase star had "embraced" the culture. He added: "Before we went, I think Anne was worried we'd find out that her ancestors used to own my ancestors or something, but, luckily, that wasn't the case." Like Anne, EastEnders star Danny Dyer also discovered he's descended from royalty on the BBC show, Who Do You Think You Are? DNA Journey starts with Anne and Shaun on Tuesday 5th April at 9pm on ITV.