Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has responded to reports linking him with a sensational move to Manchester United this summer. Tuchel, who is under contract at Stamford Bridge until 2024, is reported to be United's top target when they look for a new manager this summer. Chelsea fans are sweating over Tuchel's future, with the club's future still uncertain following sancitons placed upon owner Roman Abramovich. With the club up for sale, there has been speculation that Tuchel may not stay at Stamford Bridge for too long. Tuchel was asked about links to United for the first time on Friday at his pre-match press conference, and had a firm response. Asked for his reaction, he simply said: "There's actually no reaction at all. "Do you feel me less committed to the club or less involved in the club in my situation? Absolutely not. I've said many times that I love to be here, that I love to work for Chelsea and that this club has everything what it needs to make me happy. That's why there's no need. And we have plenty of reasons to stay in the moment here, and this is what we do." United are still on the hunt for a new manager, and it's been reported that club officials have made Tuchel their top priority. The head coach is riding high at Chelsea having won the Champions League and Club World Cup, and it seems Old Trafford chiefs have taken notice. Current United interim head coach Ralf Rangnick will be stepping into a consultancy role at the club come the end of the season, leaving the dugout vacant for a new permanent boss. And with Rangnick expected to have a say in who replaces him, links to Tuchel have only intensified. The two are reportedly on good terms after spending time in the Bundesliga, and it was even reported earlier this week that the Chelsea boss would be open to hearing what United have to offer him. But now, the German has dismissed that speculation and insisted his focus is solely on matters in west London.     Chelsea were drawn against Real Madrid in the quarter-finals of the Champions League on Friday, giving the Blues a tricky obstacle towards retaining their crown as champions of Europe. And Tuchel admitted the draw couldn't have been much tougher for them. He said: "Tough one. The challenge cannot be much higher than playing the second leg in Bernabeu with spectators [as things stand]. It's a big challenge, but it's also a big excitement around this match, around this fixture. So we know what's coming and it will be an exciting match and a tough challenge." Due to sanctions placed upon the club, Chelsea are unable to sell tickets to fans for either leg of the last-eight game, meaning they'll be playing at an empty Stamford Bridge and a hostile Bernabeau. And Tuchel conceded it would be a shame to be without support for either leg. He said: "It would be a disadvantage. But listen, in general this game is for the spectators, the game changes so much with spectators. So hopefully we'll find solutions. I'm pretty sure everybody at the club and the board will fight for a chance. "I don't know how big the possibility is, but the games are for the spectators and especially these games. It's a different game when the crowds are in the stadium. Hopefully we can make it happen somehow."