The Queen, 95, and her late husband the Duke of Edinburgh used to stay for a week at the start of their summer break at the private Craigowan Lodge on the Balmoral Estate. And reports have now emerged suggesting Her Majesty is planning to spend more time in the area - as she marks her 70th year on the throne. The lodge is a seven-bedroom guesthouse and it is about a mile from Balmoral Castle in Aberdeenshire.  The cottage is being upgraded to the cost of £20,000 - including with a "wheelchair-friendly" lift, reports The Sun. The guesthouse will have a new security gate and a state-of-the-art intercom system. More CCTV cameras will also be installed around the property. James Anderson, who is chairman of Ballater and Crathie Community Council, said local people will be pleased if the Queen spends more time in the area.    READ MORE: Kate has qualities that Diana and Fergie lacked ‒ Queen’s 'favourite' He told Press Association: "Folk will be happy about that. "We don't see much of her when she is on the estate. "However, it generates a lot of income for the village and for the area when she's here. "This is because of the amount of staff and the business it brings, it is a good thing.    DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry urged to stop 'knocking' Royal Family: 'Destructive' [REVEAL]Fergie wears chic outfit with nod to Ukraine for 'heartbreaking' visit [UPDATE]Prince Harry called out for Invictus Game security worry 'Nonsense' [INSIGHT] "It is a very relaxing area and she likes it up here." Local councillor Geva Blackett said local people will be delighted if the Queen visits more often. She said: "We always welcome the Queen here, she is part of the community. "We would love her to be here more if that's what she wants to do. "You see her around, when there wasn't Covid you would see her in church. "She is very much part of the community and we love her. "She is a very familiar figure and much loved." A Buckingham Palace spokesman said it will not be commenting on the matter. 