Bridgerton star Nicola Coughlan will be returning to screens very soon as she reprises her role as Penelope Featherington on the Netflix hit. However, the star has opened up about struggling to make ends meet in a candid discussion about debt. Nicola has shared how before she landed her role on Derry Girls, she was struggling financially. And now, she admitted, she still sometimes worries about money due to her past debt. She said: "The fear of having nothing is still there. "I was in debt with student loans, I was working minimum wage and the rent was so high. READ MORE: Kate Humble opens up on ‘very seductive’ first meal with now-husband.  "I only got Derry Girls five years ago. “So it's not that long since I've been able to go and buy a coffee and not have a panic attack. "So I reckon I'll have a few more years of thinking 'I hope I have some money in my bank account'." The actress went on to add to RTE Guide: “You know what it's like not to have all those things and you know how hard you've worked to get there.   "So for me to even be on a set is a privilege, to get an audition is a privilege because for years I couldn't even get in an audition room." Nicola first became a household name for playing Clare in Channel 4 sitcom Derry Girls. However, it was her role in Netflix’s Bridgerton which made her internationally famous. The star will be back for season two, which launches on Netflix next Friday. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears fumes at dad alongside close-up photo of her breasts [VIDEO]Phillip Schofield and Ruth Langsford's 'awkward' tension seen by fans [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden, 51, puts on eye-popping display as she dances around [PICTURES]   The second outing focuses on Anthony Bridgerton (played by Jonathan Bailey) as he hopes to find a wife. Many of the stars of the first series are returning, including Luke Newton as Colin Bridgerton, Luke Thompson as Benedict Bridgerton, Claudia Jessie as Eloise Bridgerton and Phoebe Dyvenor as Daphne Basset. They’ll be joined by new additions to the series: Charithra Chandran as Edwina Sharma and Simone Ashley as Kate Sharma. Nicola previously opened up about the fame which has come along with the series. She admitted in an interview with Elle UK last month that it was like being “a dog on the Tube.”  She said: "Being famous is like being a dog on the Tube. “It’s exactly the same energy. When you get on, everyone looks at you. "Some people are so smiley, while some are afraid of you and don’t want to go near. Some people touch you without asking. “I can still do the things I want to do, obviously, but it is different. "I went to the pub with my friend a while back and it was like being an animal at the zoo. People just watching and looking. “And I remember one time I was taking my Invisalign out, and this person was staring me right in the eyes, which was quite weird. But, honestly, most people are so, so lovely." 