Ralf Schumacher has called on Formula 1 to ‘pack up and leave’ Saudi Arabia before the race goes ahead on Sunday. The German reportedly did it himself after a missile attack occurred during practice on Friday. As the opening practice session took place at the Jeddah Corniche Circuit - hosting its second Grand Prix after the inaugural race last year - on Friday, a missile struck a nearby oil facility. Yemen’s Houthi rebel group have since taken responsibility and claimed to be behind the attack. The racing action continued during second practice, although the start was delayed. Following the session, drivers and team principals met with F1 bosses Stefano Domenicali and Ross Brawn to discuss the issue at hand. Drivers expressed concerns about their safety as well as everyone else’s, and were reportedly considering boycotting the entire race weekend. After four hours of talks, they agreed to race amid reports they were warned of ‘possible consequences’. READ MORE: Charles Leclerc makes Ferrari vow ahead of Saudi Arabian GP Sky Sports commentator Schumacher decided not to wait around though, with the six-time Grand Prix winner reportedly leaving the country while telling the sport they should also 'pack up and leave'. However, he admitted the decision to walk away was not as easy for F1 as it was for himself. “First of all, I have to make it clear that I am an expert on Formula 1 and not on insurance stories or business,” Schumacher told Sky Germany. “I think the pressure on Formula 1 is enormous. “There is a very, very large amount of money being paid and there is a long-term contract. Now the discussion is that the Saudi government is saying that they will ensure that it is safe. That means F1 cannot just pull the ripcord. DON'T MISSHamilton and three other F1 drivers 'led conversations' in Saudi talksVerstappen and Perez not on same page over Saudi Arabian GP attackFIA and F1 release statement as Saudi Arabia GP goes ahead “I think that’s the problem. I have a clear opinion on it and I’ve made my decision. But of course everyone has to do it for themselves.” Saudi Arabian authorities say there were no casualties from the attack. The 22-race 2022 campaign - which is expected to return to 23 races in the near future once a Russian Grand Prix replacement is found - continues this weekend with the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix on March 27.