Fans of The One Show will be disappointed to learn the daily magazine show won't air as usual at 7pm on Friday as the broadcaster instead airs Comic Relief, which is scheduled to run from 7pm to 10pm, then continue from 10.45pm to 11.40pm. The annual fundraiser, which takes the form of either Comic Relief or Sports Relief, will this year see Lenny Henry, Paddy McGuinness, Alesha Dixon and David Tennant front the show with sketches, live performances and big surprises to raise much-needed cash for good causes at home and around the globe. The One Show presenters Alex Jones and Angellica Bell announced the shake-up during Thursday's show. "That is it," Alex commented at the end of the instalment, adding: "Thanks so much to Oscar [Isaac] to Ethan [Hawke] and to Joanna [Lumley]." Angellica added: "Don't forget, if you'd like to support The One Show's Red Nose and Spoon Race for Comic Relief, all the details are at bbc.co.uk/rednoseday." "Red Nose Day is on tomorrow from 7pm, so we will see you on Monday," Alex confirmed. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one  As part of the huge cash-building event, a special episode of The Repair Shop will air, starring Dawn French, Jennifer Saunders and Judi Dench. The cast of hit BBC sitcom Ghosts will also unite for a one-off sketch, while Jack Whitehall will be entertaining viewers with a game of mini-golf with footballers Declan Rice and Mason Mount. Later in the night, the cast of the West End hit musical & Juliet will perform on-stage. This year's charity single will be performed as well, featuring David Walliams, Matt Lucas and a host of pop and rock stars. On Thursday, Alex and Angellica announced the winner of the Red Nose and Spoon event, which had been featured on The One Show throughout the week to raise money ahead of the big day. "Angellica captains the yellow team and lovely Owain Wyn Evans captains the blue team," Alex explained. She added: "They've survived tough physical challenges but in tonight's final leg of the race, they all will have to face their biggest fear." As the teams geared up for tracking cross-country, they had to endure a high-wire bridge. DON'T MISS... EastEnders return for Vi Highway as Stuart makes life-changing choice? [SPOILER]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker replaced by Danny Dyer? [LATEST]Sharon Osbourne joins Piers Morgan on Talk TV [VIDEO] To make things more difficult, they had to do all of this while balancing a huge red nose on a spoon. The programme also aired some of the personal stories behind the contestants. In footage from the challenge shown to The One Show viewers, Angellica became emotional. She explained: "I think what I will take away from this is you meet people who have stories. "And everybody's story is important," she said as she became choked up. In the end, team yellow ended up winning the fundraising event. Angellica performed a celebratory dance on the show as she thanked her teammates. The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.