Panellists from the Independent, climate sceptic group CAR26 and a former Brexit Party MEP debated the issue, as it was revealed that almost 40 Tory MPs and peers have urged Boris Johnson to reconsider plans to ban fracking. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has caused oil prices to soar and rising energy bills could lead to fuel poverty for millions of people across the country. The Independent’s climate columnist Donnachadh McCarthy argued that fracking would only start producing gas in five to 10 years, would not make bills cheaper and would come with many risks. He said: “Britain is part of the global market for gas, so if we produce more gas in the UK it is sold on the global market. “This winter 50 percent of the gas produced in the UK was actually exported because the price was higher. “So actually the idea that we actually go down the route of fracking rather than insulation, energy efficiency and renewables is actually the wrong way to go and plays into Putin.  “Since 1973 we have had warnings that our addiction to oil will fuel dictatorships, will fuel climate change and will fuel high bills for customers.” However CAR26 director Lois Perry believes it is “absolutely” time for us to get back to fracking. She said: “If we start fracking we can get the wells going very very very quickly. “We can be energy independent extremely quickly.  READ MORE: GB News: Professor condemns attacks on Ukrainian nuclear plants “We can do it at a cost plus setting so that we have domestic low energy prices and then we can export the gas and make a profit elsewhere. “It’s absolutely essential that we’re energy independent.” Former Brexit Party MEP Rupert Lowe echoed many of Ms Perry’s thoughts.  DON'T MISS:Russia is 'running out of troops' as key military misstep exposed [INSIGHT]Truss to cripple Putin with new sanctions IN DAYS - Russia on notice [REVEAL]Man Utd need Fergie help, Liverpool coup, Tuchel takes a stand [SPORT] He added: “We should work towards increasing the amount of energy that we produce from renewables. “But for us not to be using a relatively clean source of natural gas which is there and available for us on multiple sites. “At the end of the day what we need to do is frack, we need to use that gas to transition to cleaner energy. “I hope that common sense will increasingly permeate through our leaders.” 