Those who are in receipt of the state pension and have a disability could be able to claim Attendance Allowance. A benefit payment administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), Attendance Allowance assists pensioners with the extra costs that accumulate from having their disability or condition. While it is a useful payment to many people, failure to report changes to circumstances could result in pensioners losing their benefit payment. This is because certain changes to someone's life could affect how much they are able to get from the DWP. Attendance Allowance is made up of two different payment rates with receipts receiving a certain amount depending on the level of care that is required. Those who claim Attendance Allowance could either get £60 or £89.60 a week to help with their care. Taking this into account, recipients claiming the highest possible amount of the benefit payment could lose almost £90 if they fail to report changes to their circumstances. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Failing to accurately report a circumstance change to the DWP could result in someone being taken to court. If not this, they may be forced to pay a financial penalty if they withhold or provide false information about their Attendance Allowance claim. Anyone who needs to update the DWP about any circumstance changes can call the Attendance Allowance helpline at 0800 731 0122. This helpline for benefit claimants is open from Monday to Friday, 8am to 3:30pm. DON'T MISS As part of a wider effort to educate people on the benefits they may be entitled to, the DWP is encouraging people to apply for various support schemes, such as Attendance Allowance and Personal Independence Payment (PIP). Chloe Smith, the Government’s minister for disabled people, health and work, emphasised the importance of people applying for these DWP benefits as soon as possible, if they are eligible. Ms Smith explained: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them. “So it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.” On its website, Age UK offers advice to state pension recipients who are looking to put forward a claim for Attendance Allowance. Much of this advice could be applicable for someone who needs to report a change in their circumstances to the DWP in order to update their claim. The charity stated: “Focus on how frequently you need help. For example, if you need help looking after your appearance, this could add up to six or seven times a day. “If you include help to check your clothes are clean after a meal, help to find a coat and matching shoes, and so on. “Give plenty of information in your own words about your personal circumstances. Don’t worry if you need to repeat yourself. “Don’t leave things out, even if you feel you can manage well enough. Describe any accidents or falls you’ve had. Explain the effects of all your disabilities and health conditions, and how they interact with each other.” Those who are interested in applying for Attendance Allowance, who meet the eligibility threshold, can apply through the Government’s website or through their local DWP centre.