The new rules came into force on Monday, wherein Britons who use online banking or online shopping are now subjected to additional security checks to prove who they are. Not being able to prove their identity, or if the retailer is not well-prepared for the new measures, will see payments and transactions being declined.   James Walker, CEO of Rightly shared that the biggest impact for general online shoppers will be when they are buying new, infrequent or high value items. Transactions deemed as low risk will not be subjected to the additional checks which include customers being sent a code to their mobile phone which they will need to input at checkout. Mr Walker explained: “The measures are in place to prevent fraud through two factor authentication, where you generally have to confirm a purchase through your banking app, or via a text message or email. “There are instances where banks or cards are allowing customers to say a payment is regular, so you do not need to do the additional checks, which should prevent delays or declines on standard payments.” READ MORE: ‘I am concerned!’ Martin Lewis issues warning to every household earning under £30,000     It has been reported that subscriptions payments such as Netflix or ITV Hub will not require the additional checks for every payment. The new measures have riled many, with some more concerned not for themselves but for family and friends that are not technologically savvy. Express.co.uk reader Melly666 wrote: "So people like my 90-year-old mum won’t be able to buy anything with her card as has no mobile as gets confused. Also surely it will cause more fraud as it says fraudsters can sent fraudulent text."(sic) Mr Walker advised: All consumers are at risk, but those who are not as experienced with online shopping don’t know what to expect and how to prepare themselves. Those who don’t use technology in their day-to-day lives are generally easier to con, and would rather sit in silence than admit that they have been scammed.”  He added that even the most tech-savvy individuals can find themselves as victims, with Rightly research indicating 76 percent of consumers fear becoming a target for scams or breaches. He added: “All consumers – even those who are very familiar with technology – must remain vigilant.” The new measures could provide a much-needed layer of protection for vulnerable Britons, but those that may be unable to prove their identity during an important transaction could be worse off. Mr Walker explained: “On the one hand, if you have a phone and bank account or credit card, you have what you need to identify yourself. If your phone has run out of power, or you cannot remember your online banking password for example, this could create problems when trying to make an online transaction.”  Many online shopping and banking providers and services have already moved forward to provide customers with a variety of ways to authenticate payments or transactions, but anyone who has not come into contact with this before “will find it difficult to navigate”. Mr Walker added: “ We recommend they get help by going into their nearest bank branch or from a friend or family member.” Ultimately, these measures have been put in place to protect consumers, but how successful will they be? Mr Walker weighed in saying: “It is a positive move, but scammers adapt quickly. They will increase the focus on low spend activities and move towards increasing the take-over of accounts and the use of fake websites to convince consumers to unknowingly give away their details.  “Scammers are sophisticated, and now they’re more interested in consumer data than ever before to increase their chance of success, but banking is unfortunately slow to react to new ways of scamming. There is more that can be done to ensure the risk to consumers is low.” Mr Walker explained that “consumers can take back control” by understanding exactly who has their data and what that data contains. The new measures will see customers sent a code usually to their mobile phone from their bank which they must input at checkout. Or, Britons may be asked to approve online payments by logging into their bank’s mobile app. Mastercard has estimated that one in every four payments will require these additional safety measures.