Seth McFarlane’s popular science fiction comedy will continue in June on its new home on Hulu, subtitled New Horizons. Beginning as a tongue-in-cheek Star Trek homage, the crew of The Orville has since taken on a life of its own. Recurring star Chad L Coleman spoke to Express.co.uk and confirmed some huge developments for Klyden when the Fox series returns for its third instalment. The Orville: New Horizons will feature some huge moments for Klyden and Bortus (played by Peter Macon), Chad has confirmed. Formerly a star of The Walking Dead, Chad joined the space-faring comedy series when it began in 2017, soon becoming one of the Fox network’s biggest new hits. Fans have been kept waiting since 2019 for Captain Ed Mercer (Seth MacFarlane) and the crew’s next set of interstellar adventures. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Chad confirmed there’s just a little bit longer to wait before the premiere. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small: Helen Alderson radiant in wedding snaps “They’re in post-production mode,” he revealed. “Editing pushes things back, it’s such a massive show. “I’m excited for it as well. It was supposed to have dropped in March, but now it’s coming out in June.” The last outing of the popular sci-fi satire took Klyden and Bortus’ relationship in a surprising new direction. After discovering his mate was sneaking away to spend time in pornographic simulations, Klyden started feeling neglected and tried to divorce Bortus. However, the traditional Moclan method of divorce involves killing one’s spouse, and Bortus survived their head-to-head. Now in couples counselling, Klyden and Bortus are slowly starting to patch up their relationship. Despite The Orville’s comedic tone, the series has also been praised for its state-of-the-art special effects and high-stakes drama. Chad confirmed the new season will be well worth the wait, and take the show to even loftier heights. DON'T MISS:Blue Bloods’ Rachel star unveils new role away from CBS [NEWS]Outlander season 6: Marsali ‘isolated’ as she's abandoned by Fergus? [THEORY]Law and Order SVU’s Mariska Hargitay pays tribute to late co-star [COMMENT] He continued: “So, I look forward to it. It’s the best. I know people say, ‘What else are you gonna say?’ “I’m like, 'No, honestly.' It feels like if we never get the chance to do this again, we better do every damn thing we can. “And, it is truly jaw-dropping. This season is going to be jaw-dropping, for real. Incredibly epic.” Season three is already one of the most anticipated returning shows of 2022, and could see Klyden taking on an even bigger role with some huge twists for the Moclan couple. Chad teased: “[There’s] some serious drama for Klyden that’s going to shake people. And my whole Moclan family. And running through the whole crew, period. “The special effects - everything is bigger and better. If you never see us again, you’ll never forget us.” It’s unknown if season three will be the last time viewers will see the crew of The Orville, but fans can certainly expect the next outing to kick off with a bang. The Orville: New Horizons premieres Thursday, June 2 on Hulu in the USA. Seasons 1 and 2 are available to stream on Disney+.