Susanna Reid, 51, has been on Good Morning Britain since 2014, after she left BBC Breakfast, with Piers Morgan, 56, joining her in 2015. The presenter has spoken in a new interview about her time working with Piers and the "difficult" times they had on the show. Piers quit Good Morning Britain a year ago today after his argument with weatherman Alex Beresford about Meghan Markle's Oprah Winfrey interview. Reflecting on her time with Piers on the show, Susanna admitted it was "really difficult" at times, due to the stories they had to cover. Speaking to The Sun's Fabulous Magazine, she said: "I remember early on, the rows about the role of women and feminism, and those arguments felt like the big issue at the time, and then, of course, we moved on to Brexit and Trump. "We went through some really difficult times together as a team and those were very powerful moments. READ MORE: ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle "And when it came to the lockdown, the pandemic and holding the government to account, he was just unrivalled at holding their feet to the fire, but then it ended." Susanna then spoke about how their relationship is going now following Piers' explosive GMB exit. She continued: "We stay in touch and he’s a really important person in my life. "We had such an amazing time and that was an incredible dynamic. "He really put his imprint on the programme and it was very powerful. "All presenting gigs come to an end at some point, don’t they? As they will for all of us. "He’s a friend of mine and that won’t change." Piers' work relationship with ITV ended shortly after the presenter stormed off set after his argument with Alex, where he insisted he did not believe anything the Duchess of Sussex had said in her Oprah interview. DON'T MISS... ‘Will miss him’ Julie Andrews breaks silence on ex Tony Walton's death [INSIGHT] Mitchell Ryan dead: Lethal Weapon and Dark Shadows actor dies at 88 [DEATH] 'Please don't leave us' Emmerdale's Louise Jameson talks soap future [COMMENT] During the touching interview, Meghan admitted struggles she faced in the royal family, even considering suicide as she found it hard to adjust to royal life. This then prompted Prince Harry to agree to move out of the UK with their son, in fear of history repeating itself. Harry's mother Princess Diana died in 1997 after being chased by paparazzi and crashing in a tunnel. Piers' views on the Meghan interview sparked over 50,000 complaints to Ofcom. In a 97-page ruling, the regulator found that Piers' comments were "potentially harmful and offensive" but were allowed. This is because any restriction of such views would have had a chilling effect on freedom of expression. An Ofcom spokesperson said: "This was a finely balanced decision. Mr Morgan’s comments were potentially harmful and offensive to viewers, and we recognise the strong public reaction to them. "But we also took full account of freedom of expression."