Classed as a “potentially serious” condition, tuberculosis (TB) describes a bacterial infection that spreads through inhaling droplets from the coughs or sneezes of an infected person. The infection mainly targets the lungs but it can affect any part of your body. Since 2011, the incidence of TB in England had been falling “significantly”. That time also marked the “highest” prevalence in western Europe with a total of 8,290 cases recorded. However, the previously declining figures reversed in 2019. The increase was measured at 2.4 percent, seeing cases climb from 4,615 in 2018 to 4,725 in 2019. READ MORE: Vaccinated aspiring model, 21, has both legs amputated after traumatic Covid complications While the incidence fell again in 2020, 2021 didn’t follow the same trend. Last year saw the cases of TB infection rise by 7.4 percent, compared to the year before. Now, people are being “urged not to dismiss their persistent cough and fever as COVID-19 as it could be caused by a range of other issues, including TB”, the UKHSA explains. This warning goes “particularly” to those who are considered to be at high risk.  Since 2020 and the emergence of Covid, cough has been mainly associated with the virus. However, the symptom could be pointing to a variety of different conditions, ranging from lung cancer to TB. According to the NHS, the main signs include: They explain that tuberculosis cough lasts more than three weeks and can be accompanied by phlegm, which may be bloody. The health services stresses to “see a GP” if the cough is persisting or there is blood present. Those considered high risk listed by the UKHSA include anyone who: Health and Social Care Secretary Sajid Javid said: “Despite significant progress made in the last decade towards eliminating tuberculosis in England, it is very concerning to see an upward trend in cases. “TB is a serious infectious disease, and without treatment it can be life-threatening. “TB disproportionately affects people in deprived and underserved groups, so it is vital everyone has access to effective treatment so we can continue to level up health across the nation. “If you have a persistent cough that lasts more than three weeks along with a fever, please contact your GP as soon as possible to get tested.”