National Offer Day will see hundreds of thousands of places offered by local councils for secondary schools across England and Wales. But the day can also bring disappointment if children aren’t offered their first choice, and added stress for parents who have to appeal decisions. This year, competition for school placements will be tougher than ever. The baby boom at the beginning of the last decade means more pupils than ever have applied for places in secondary schools in 2022. The “population bulge” of 2010/11 saw more than 729,000 children born in England and Wales, a figure which hasn’t been beaten since. Education charity Teach First warned that “competition has never been higher” than it is this year. And Melanie Sanderson, managing editor of the Good Schools Guide, said: “The most sought-after schools will have fielded more applications than ever [this year].” She said this academic year is at the “peak of the population bulge which has been making its way through the school system for the past fifteen years”.  READ MORE: Teachers 'paying to get books to pupils'  With this in mind, Ms Sanderson said that, when families receive their letters today, it’s “important to accept the offer”, even if the first choice wasn’t offered. She said: “You don’t want to run the risk of getting to September without a school place secured.” There is, however, an appeals process available for families who want their offer to be reconsidered. A Department for Education (DfE) spokesman said that last year 93.4 percent of pupils received offers from one of their top three choices of secondary school. This isn’t reflected across the country, however. Data published by the DfE in 2021 showed the areas receiving the highest rates of first preference were Northumberland (97.9 percent), Barnsley (97.0 percent) and East Riding of Yorkshire (96.9 percent).   Meanwhile, the lowest first preference rates were seen in Slough (56.1 percent), Hammersmith & Fulham (57.3 percent) and Richmond upon Thames (59.8 percent). The Pan London Admissions Board said that one in three London children missed out on their first choice of secondary school in 2021. The Government spokesman said: “We know secondary school offer day is an exciting day for families, and the vast majority of pupils will be offered a place at one of their preferred schools. “Delivering good quality school places in all corners of the country is a top priority for this Government, and pupils are much more likely to be receiving a place at a good school than they were over a decade ago — with 86 percent of schools rated good or outstanding now compared to 68 percent in 2010.”   So which are the best — and worst — rated schools in the UK? School performance can be based on a number of factors, including ratings from the education watchdog, as well as A-level, GCSE, IB, Pre-U, Advanced Higher, Higher and National 5 outcomes. You can head here to enter your postcode and see the varying metrics for schools in your area. Recent data is unreliable, given the coronavirus pandemic and its impact on education and results. But analysis of 2019 from the Real School Guide — which factors in GCSE and A-Level results, Ofsted reports, and progress scores — reveals the following:   What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea 