Paul Pogba is set to leave Manchester United in the summer on a free transfer and he could be a potential option for Arsenal. The Gunners are likely to be in the market for a midfielder, with Granit Xhaka's future in doubt and Mohamed Elneny's contract coming to an end. Mikel Arteta has adopted a 4-3-3 formation in recent weeks, with Martin Odegaard and Xhaka either side of a deeper-lying Thomas Partey in the middle of the park. Xhaka has taken up a spot on the left of the three. The Switzerland star has impressed of late and will need to be replaced if he does leave. Pogba has previously stated his preferred position is on the left of a midfield trio and played the best club form of his career in that role at Juventus. The Frenchman can provide a goalscoring threat from midfield, something which Arsenal lack, as well as being a creative force at his best. But there are four reasons why Arteta will not pursue Pogba and Express Sport takes a look at each one. READ MORE: Petit sends William Saliba warning to Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta - 'Not enough'  Pogba will be demanding a huge contract and signing-on fee from his next club. Arsenal have got well-paid stars such as Mesut Ozil and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang off the wage bill in the last year or so. Pogba would easily become the club's highest earner straight away, which can cause divisions in the dressing room. That is the last thing Arteta wants or needs. Pogba turned 29 this month and would be one of the oldest outfielders at the Emirates. Arteta's Arsenal side are the youngest in the Premier League and he is likely to pursue up-and-coming talents in the market rather than the finished product. DON'T MISSChelsea receive huge boost as ticket sales for Real Madrid and Crystal Palace approved [NEWS]Man Utd hold concerning 'reservations' over three things after Erik ten Hag interview [GOSSIP]Ronaldo’s strong message as Man Utd lean towards Erik ten Hag appointment [REPORT]  Arsenal have been stung in the past by giving big contracts to players heading towards the twilight of their careers. Doing so with Pogba would disrupt the direction Arteta is taking the club. Pogba has not always got on well with his managers. Jose Mourinho famously fell out with the France star during his time in charge at Old Trafford. Arteta is ruthless when players get on the wrong side of him - Ozil, Aubameyang and Matteo Guendouzi can vouch for that. Pogba's track record may not make him the right player for this Gunners squad.  Pogba has made just 13 Premier League starts this season, mostly due to the thigh injury he sustained on international duty last November. But when he has played, he has struggled to light up the Premier League. He should be in his prime at 29 but that doesn't appear to be the case at the moment. Perhaps a move abroad would be best for him.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here