Pep Guardiola lauded his Manchester City superstars after they surged to a 4-1 win over Manchester United to extend their lead over Liverpool at the summit of the Premier League - and then admitted that he hoped his side were proving to be a pain in the backside for the Reds. Kevin De Bruyne and Riyad Mahrez bagged a brace apiece as City put on a second half masterclass to condemn their bitter rivals to a damning derby day defeat. The comprehensive victory restores City's six-point lead over Liverpool at the top of the Premier League, although the Reds do have a game in hand on Guardiola's side. Guardiola recently quipped that the Reds were "a pain in the a***". And the City chief paid Liverpool and Jurgen Klopp the ultimate compliment after they laid down the gauntlet with a resounding triumph over United. "Hopefully we can say we are a pain in the a*** for Liverpool too, I said many times the success as a manager is the fact that year after year we still run like we are there to win again, even after three titles," he told Sky Sports. JUST IN: Arsenal 'learn Chelsea's Broja transfer price' as raid eyed "We remain humble and continue to play every single game, do it and be there, these guys have done it many, many times. "To fight with them (Liverpool) is one of the biggest achievements of my career." City stepped it up a notch after the break to blow Manchester United away, with De Bruyne pulling the strings. And Guardiola hailed the Belgian maestro after his dominating display down City's bitter rivals. "Good win, good game, second half especially," he added. MUST READArsenal legend Graham pinpoints three 'heavy' transfersArsenal's Martinez hopes over as agent drives final nail in coffinArsenal boss Arteta confirms transfer 'priority' as he makes demand "The first half they (United) had more energy, second half they struggled to press as a consequence of the first, there was only one rhythm we needed to do, we played down the left side a bit more and were better in the second half, more comfortable. "We didn’t know how they (United) were going to defend, they went 4-2-4 and without Ronaldo they were very aggressive, and we struggled to deal with that. We had more possession and chanced in the second half, we played really well first half. "The movement from Kevin, Jack and Phil was excellent. One of the best performances since I have been here. "The quality and physicality of our play was great, Kyle was exceptional, Bernardo, Kevin, Jack and Rodri were involved and we could rest with the ball. "De Bruyne is okay, he made an incredible effort and is back at his best after playing with pain at the start of the season. I speak with him and I know he is focused on assists, assists, assists, but he needs to score goals too!" Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ United performed admirably in the first half and Jadon Sancho finished off a slick, well-worked move to fire them back onto level terms. But that hope was quickly extinguished after De Bruyne was afforded the freedom of the Etihad Stadium to pick his spot to restore City's lead. And Rangnick's men were accused of throwing in the towel by Gary Neville after Mahrez's stunning volley put daylight between the two sides in the second half. The United icon, who was on commentary for the game, fumed: "The first thing to say is that Manchester City were outstanding, particularly in the second-half. But at the end of the game, Manchester United finished like an absolute shower. They were a disgrace in the last 25 minutes. "It's the first time Ralf Rangnick has taken them against a proper team and they have been given a proper doing."