Cleaning guru Mrs Hinch, otherwise known as Mrs Hinchliffe, became popular after she began sharing her ingenious cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning influencer has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. One of these tips includes how to clean air fryers. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, which has over 630,000 group members, one woman asked for advice on how to successfully clean her air fryer. Brook Scott wrote: “My mum gave me her old air fryer to start me off in my flat but it needs a good clean. “I’ve tried hot soapy water and I’m getting nowhere. Please help.” An air fryer’s high-powered fan doesn’t just blow air around your food, it also circulates crumbs, grease, moisture, and small, lightweight bits of food. READ MORE: Baking soda for cleaning: Five things you should never clean with it Not cleaning the machine between uses is a big mistake. Bits of food and grease can get into the mechanisms and create a greasy buildup on the fan, which will slow it down. Over time, it will take longer to cook foods and if the fan is sluggish, the finished product won’t be as crisp either. Luckily, Mrs Hinch fans were on hand to offer their top tips for cleaning air fryers. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share hack to achieve the ‘softest’ towels [INSIGHT]'This folding hack is so good!': Viral underwear fold wows [TIPS]Gardening: Use newspaper hack to permanently’ prevent weeds growing [EXPERT] The most popular solution was to use a dishwasher tablet. Doreen Gill said: “I have tried all sorts of cleaning products to clean my air fryer and only a dishwasher tablet has worked for me.” Kelly Leadbitter commented: “I use boiling water and throw in some dishwasher tablets, works a treat.” Angela MacRae explained: “I left a dishwasher tablet soaking in mine, cleaned really easily.” Louise Scott suggested: “Use a dishwasher tablet with boiling water. I use it on my air fryer and the grease just disappears.” Kim Tooze replied: “Dishwasher tablets are a great grease breaker.” Kosar Holmes said: “I hate cleaning these things, but I’ve found that dishwasher tablets make the job far easier.” Anne Dring added: “Soak overnight with a dishwasher tablet in boiling water.” Lisa Clare added: “A dishwasher tablet works brilliantly on mine, put it in with boiling water and leave for a little while and then wash with soapy water.” Dishwasher tablets are not limited to dishwashers only, they are in fact great for cleaning any greasy surface or appliance, such as air fryers. They can be picked up from stores such as Wilko for £3 for a pack of 40. This works out as less than 8p per dishwasher tablet.