As the latest episode of Law and Order SVU came to a close, a poignant title card appeared to pay tribute to Ned who played Roger Kressler. Meanwhile, Olivia Benson star Mariska Hargitay shared an image of the tribute to her Twitter account, which left many of her fans emotional. The title card read: “In memory of Ned Eisenberg,” in white writing against a black background. Mariska posted the image on Twitter with no caption but fans rushed to reply and share their heartbreak. Kennedy replied: “I'm so very sorry for the loss of your friend & colleague, one of my favourite guests and defense lawyer.” Laura Navins added: “Such an incredible member of the #LawAndOrder family. It was always a pleasure to see him in the courtroom. He will definitely be missed.” READ MORE: The Holiday plot hole: Channel 5 viewers spot huge fail “@Mariska May his spirit and joy continue to live on in your hearts. Such a fantastic and never forgotten,” Adriona added. Lauren Davenport continued: “What a wonderful memorial episode to an actor who was fantastic every time he was on #svu.” Earlier in the week, Mariska posted a statement on her Instagram account as she shared her devastation over Ned’s passing. She penned: “My heart is so full of sadness over the loss of our dead, dear Ned Eisenberg. “What a light and what a love. And such a first-rate actor, which pales next to him as a first-rate human. “We will remember him always with his bright, mischievous smile and his wife-open heart.” Mariska concluded: “We love and miss you, sweet Ned.” Ned’s wife Patricia confirmed the news of his death to TMZ on Monday. DON'T MISS...Law and Order SVU star lands huge role after Netflix success [LATEST]Law and Order SVU 's Chris Meloni pays tribute to co-star [UPDATE]Law and Order’s Detective Kevin Bernard star shares return reason [EXPLAINER] “As Ned would say, he was attacked by two very rare assassins — cholangiocarcinoma and ocular melanoma,” she said. “Over the course of two years, he bravely fought the cancers in private while continuing to work in show business to ensure that his medical coverage paid for himself and his family.” Mariska’s co-star Christopher Meloni, who plays Elliot Stabler, shared a news article about Ned’s death and shared his condolences. He posted: “I started with Ned in 1990 on The Fanelli Boys. Great actor. A singular voice. “Always ready with a smile and a laugh. A beautiful gentle human being.” Ned will be a huge loss to the cast, crew and viewers of Law and Order and his presence on the series will be missed. Law and Order SVU season 23 continues every Thursday on NBC in America. A UK release date hasn't yet been announced.