Scarlette Douglas has been a presenter on A Place in the Sun since 2015, and during that time she has helped a number of house hunters to find their dream holiday home. However, Scarlette’s experience with property goes beyond the Channel 4 series, as she also helps to run the family business with her brother, Stuart Douglas. The duo even landed their first presenting job together as part of Channel 4's Black to Front campaign. Last year, Scarlette and her brother put their expertise to good use by taking the reins on a special version of the hit property show, Love it or List it, which is usually fronted by Kirstie Allsopp and Phil Spencer. However, it looks like the duo will be back presenting together very soon after Channel 4 confirmed they would be fronting a new property show called Worst House on the Street. The new series, which will air in September, will see the siblings helping families to transform their run-down houses into dream properties. Speaking about the new show, Scarlette and Stuart began: “Over many years, we have honed the skill of redeveloping properties whilst extracting the most value from the finances available." READ MORE: Shane Warne dead: Australia cricket legend dies aged 52 They continued: "As brother and sister, our candid and honest relationship has helped us refine our process to achieve the best results. "Together we have redesigned and renovated numerous properties, transforming them from uninspiring bricks and mortar to desirable and profitable homes.” Senior commissioning editor for Channel 4, Clemency Green went on to add: “Everyone is under pressure to make their money go further these days. "Scarlette and Stuart will demonstrate how, with some tried and tested tricks, it is possible to renovate the worst house to the best house on the street." Scarlette also took to social media to confirm the exciting news. In view of her 23,000 followers, the presenter shared a snap of the pair together. "Soooo the good news is out!!!!," the property expert began. "I have a brand new property show with my brother @stuartdouglas9! Our very own, 6 episode series that airs September 15th at 8pm!" (sic) DON'T MISS...Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up [INSIGHT]Vera's Jac Williams star opens up on Kenny Doughty 'faking' scene [NEWS]Emmerdale return for Megan Macey after making deal with Kim Tate? [SPOILERS] Scarlette's followers and A Place in the Sun co-stars were quick to congratulate the presenter. Leah Charles-King simply penned: "EXCELLENCE!!!!" While Michelle Ackerly added: "Such fabulous news! Congratulations." Lee Juggurnauth went on to praise: "Congrats sis!" Earlier this year, Scarlette's brother Stuart spoke about what it was like to film with his sister in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. Speaking about the rivalry between the siblings, Stuart said: “It is something that has been going on for years, especially since we set up our own property company. “Scarlette can be quite flamboyant and I'm more business-like. “I try to redevelop with the same mind as the potential buyer. “Whereas Scarlette likes to try and put her own stamp on properties and her own style, which sometimes I think are a bit outrageous.” Worst House on the Street will air on Channel 4 later this year.