Astrology dictates that the twelve signs of the zodiac all have unique characteristics which explain their thoughts and actions. Aries governs the period between March 21 and April 19. Aries is “passionate” and “independent”, unafraid to go it alone, especially when they believe in something. Not one to be a sheep and follow the crowd, “Aries will never do something just because everyone else is doing it”. They don’t do things by halves; “A Ram needs to be 100 percent committed to the task at hand.” But if you do want to get Aries involved a project, one sure fire way to do this is by making it a competition, as this sign is “competitive to the max”. READ MORE: Star signs: Zodiac expert shares each star signs luckiest colours “Aries will put everything they have (and then some) into winning,” according to astrology site horoscope.com. Reluctant to rest and unwind, Aries’ mind is always bubbling over with new ideas and innovations. “Loyal, smart, and impulsive, they always have multiple projects on their mind, and won't be satisfied until their work, social life, and personal lives line up exactly with the dream life they've envisioned. “Those who are drawn to magnetic Aries may have trouble keeping up—but if they can, they'll have a friend for life.” For this reason, Aries is a great sign for others to look to for inspiration when they feel unmotivated. Horoscope.com added: “An Aries sign will always tell you what they're thinking, with a frankness that may occasionally border on rudeness.” But while this bluntness can be mistaken for rudeness, know that it’s only because they “value honesty above all else”. Want an honest opinion about your new haircut, partner or career path – Aries is the best bet. “While an Aries may be the first to say if they think that you just phoned in a project, they'll also be the first to compliment you for a job well done.” Aries is great to have around because they’re always up for fun and excitement. With such busy and intelligent minds, they often provide “refreshing” points of view. However, be mindful of Aries’ shortcomings. Aries is more than happy to share their hot take on things, but listening to others’ opinions? Not so much. “Rams may also have a short fuse. “Learning how to work out their anger, whether by going to the gym every day, taking some deep breaths, or learning to chill before they Tweet their thoughts to the world, is a lifelong process for Rams.” As for Aries’ romantic personality, this sign is “all about initial attraction”. Sensing chemistry immediately, Aries will do “everything in their power” to get what they want. To cultivate deeper, more meaningful relationships, Aries should “learn how to slow down and foster long-term connections”. “Fireworks are fun, but they don't necessarily make a great match.”