Some dementia risk factors are impossible to change, such as age and genetics, however, research suggests other risk factors may also be important and may be possible to change. Current statistics from the NHS show one in 14 people over the age of 65 have dementia.  The Alzheimer's Society (AS) explains that long-term research studies have demonstrated that high blood pressure in mid-life is a key factor that can increase your risk of developing dementia in later life, particularly vascular dementia. Vascular dementia, the second most common form of dementia after Alzheimer's disease, is caused by reduced blood flow to the brain, which starves brain cells of the oxygen and nutrients they need to function correctly. The charity says the association between high blood pressure and Alzheimer's disease is currently unclear. It states: “There are several mechanisms by which high blood pressure affects the brain.” READ MORE: Confidence is all in the mind – how to be comfortable in your own skin  It adds: “High blood pressure causes a great deal of strain on the arteries over time, and this in turn causes the wall of the arteries to become thicker and stiffer as well as narrower.” “This is called arteriosclerosis. Fats found in the blood also contribute to the development of the narrowing of the arteries. “This narrowing of the arteries can happen in the brain, causing a lack of essential nutrients and oxygen, which can damage brain cells and prevent them from functioning correctly.” The Blood Pressure Association says the effects of vascular dementia vary from person to person and depend on which parts of the brain are affected.  The charity suggests: “Some common signs and symptoms include:  The AS says that although getting older is the biggest risk factor for dementia, evidence shows there are things you can do to help reduce your own risk. These include keeping active, eating healthily, drinking less alcohol and not smoking. The NHS suggests that risk factors such as hearing loss, untreated depression, loneliness or social isolation, or sitting for most of the day, may also be important. “The research concluded that by modifying the risk factors we are able to change, our risk of dementia could be reduced by around a third,” the health body says.  It adds that experts agree that what is good for your heart is also good for your brain, meaning that you can help reduce your risk of dementia by keeping your blood pressure at a healthy level. “Being overweight or obese can increase your blood pressure and the risk of type 2 diabetes, both of which are linked to a higher risk of Alzheimer's disease and vascular dementia,” it states. The NHS Health Check can help find early signs and tell you if you're at higher risk of certain health problems that can also increase your risk of dementia. It is a free check-up of your overall health for people aged 40 to 74 who do not have heart disease, diabetes or kidney disease, and have not had a stroke, and is offered every five years. 