Chelsea star N'Golo Kante has spoken out about the club's future after a Roman Abramovich statement on Wednesday night revealed he wished to sell up - with Kante revealing the players are 'shocked' by the speed of unfolding events.  Abramovich released a statement on Wednesday evening prior to Chelsea's 3-2 win over Luton Town in the FA Cup. Goals from Saul Niguez, Timo Werner and Romelu Lukaku saw the Blues advance to their sixth quarter-final from a possible seven in England's most prestigious cup competition. But the result paled into insignificance given the magnitude of Abramovich's announcement, with the Russian looking to end his 19-year tenure at the club after the war between Ukraine and his homeland proposed multiple sanctions on Russian involvement in the United Kingdom. And Kante was quick to portray how the Blues' squad felt, having only heard the news just hours before kick-off in Hertfordshire.   "It is something [for which] we are not prepared," Kante said to Sky. "It came quick, but the only thing we can do because we have no control over these things is to do the best as we have always done. "It means playing football at the best [we can] for us, the club and for the fans, and seeing how things are going. "But this is the only thing we can control and we want to do that. "I think it [the war in Ukraine] is sad to see things like this, and we can only hope that it finishes as quickly as possible, in the best way." It is yet to be seen who will take control of the club once Abramovich relinquishes control of his power. The Russian bought Chelsea in 2003 from Ken Bates, and have since won numerous trophies including two Champions League titles and five Premier League trophies. And despite the Saratov-born oligarch confirming the club have amassed a total of £1.5billion in debt, he is happy to write this off in order to leave the Blues in good hands. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  "In the current situation, I have therefore taken the decision to sell the Club, as I believe this is in the best interest of the Club, the fans, the employees, as well as the Club’s sponsors and partners," Abramovich said. "The sale of the Club will not be fast-tracked but will follow due process. I will not be asking for any loans to be repaid. This has never been about business nor money for me, but about pure passion for the game and Club. "Moreover, I have instructed my team to set up a charitable foundation where all net proceeds from the sale will be donated. The foundation will be for the benefit of all victims of the war in Ukraine. This includes providing critical funds towards the urgent and immediate needs of victims, as well as supporting the long-term work of recovery." 