Newcastle could complete a stunning second raid on Atletico Madrid for goalkeeper Jan Oblak, according to reports. The mega-rich Magpies signed England defender Kieran Trippier from the La Liga giants in January and could go back to the Wanda Metropolitano for a second transfer target in the coming months.   Newcastle bolstered Eddie Howe’s defence with the £15million addition of Trippier in the winter window. The 31-year-old has already made a big impact, scoring two free-kicks in wins over Everton and Aston Villa. And he could help secure another transfer target in the summer. Howe is reportedly trying to sign a new goalkeeper, with Martin Dubravka proving unconvincing during the former Bournemouth boss’ four-month reign.   JUST IN: Man Utd 'open talks' with Declan Rice alternative as director spotted Spanish outlet La Razon claim the Tyneside outfit are interested in signing Slovenian shot-stopper Oblak from Atletico. The 29-year-old has a whopping £100m release clause but it is believed that the reigning Spanish champions might be forced to accept a lower fee. That is because Oblak has just over a year remaining on his contract and Atletico risk losing him for free at the end of June 2023. Atletico could instead accept in the region of £33m from the Saudi-backed Premier League outfit. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  Trippier has already hinted at Newcastle’s interest in Oblak. The right-back recently revealed that the former Benfica goalkeeper asked questions about the Premier League ahead of a possible move. "He is one of the best goalkeepers in the world. I think it would be incredible for the Premier League,” Trippier told the BBC. “I have had conversations with him about the Premier League. He has always asked me questions. "Of course, I would love to see him in the Premier League. Could he come to Newcastle or the Premier League? You never know what could happen.   DON'T MISS...Joao Felix spotted at Carabao Cup final amid Arsenal transfer rumoursHarry Kane urged to avoid Michael Owen mistake if he leaves TottenhamBruno Fernandes’ stance on Manchester United future explained "For me, he is definitely one of the top goalkeepers, especially in the time I have spent at Atletico Madrid. “The number of points he gave us and his way of stopping is probably the best in the world, for sure.” Trippier was one of five January transfer window additions as Howe attempts to divert Newcastle away from relegation. Dan Burn, Matt Targett, Bruno Guimaraes and Chris Wood also arrived at St James’ Park.   