The Queen is due to celebrate 70 years of royal service with events between June 2 -5 but her recent health scares have caused the monarch to slow down. The monarch tested positive for the virus on February 20 and Buckingham Palace said at the time she was experiencing "mild cold-like symptoms". Daily Mail royal editor Rebecca English has since told Palace Confidential on Mailplus: "The conversations they're having now around the Queen and the Jubilee are very different to the conversations they were having a year ago. "A year ago they expected her to be front and centre at everything, attending every event and that definitely is no longer the case. "She will attend what they call, the big keynote events around the Jubilee in the run up to it and over the four-day bank holiday weekend. "But she definitely won't be attending everything. "I'm told please don't let that be a cause for alarm. It's a simple fact of life at 95, you wake up with aches and pains you didn't have the day before. READ MORE: William and Kate ‘looking forward’ to ‘child-free time’ while on royal "If she gets a cold, it will maybe knock her out of circulation a little bit longer than it would have done a year ago. "These are celebrations of her historic anniversary and she will definitely be seen but just be warned it won't be quite as much as we had hoped." It comes as the Queen's royal aides have adopted a new strategy to stop royal fans "panicking" over the monarch's health after she was advised to rest. Royal expert Richard Kay explained the 95-year-old's health issues have caused concern for all royal fans since October. Speaking to True Royalty TV's Royal Beat, Mr Kay said: "They want to stop us panicking and there is panic whenever there is any illness relating to the Queen whatever the ailment is. "You start get concerned and that was reflected in October. "I think they're worried about a repeat of that." Royal expert Angela Levin noted that the Queen was standing in her latest pictures. DON'T MISS Kate Middleton pregnant? Duchess 'ramping up' royal duties [INSIGHT]Princess Beatrice and Eugenie forced to flee Balmoral with Fergie [ANALYSIS]Prince Charles gives update on Queen's health after Covid [VIDEO] She added: "She stood up to show that she's not so unwell that she has to sit. "That is saying something too." It comes as Her Majesty has knighted her top royal physician in a personal investiture at Windsor Castle. She conferred the accolade on Professor Sir Huw Thomas, who is Head of the Medical Household and Physician to the Queen, in a private ceremony.