A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton, 39, recently moved out of her family home she shared with estranged husband Alex Goward after their marriage broke down. The presenter has now taken to Instagram to reveal that she is moving again as her house is about to become "uninhabitable". Laura left the update on Instagram earlier today in view of her 153,000 followers. She penned: "On the move again! "Next week my house will inhabitable so today is... moving day!" (sic) This comes after Laura had to sell her family home of nine years in Surrey after she broke up with Alex. READ MORE: ‘Doesn’t do it for a Range Rover’ James Martin defends Amanda Owen Laura announced in January that she and Alex had split after 13 years together. The property expert told Hello! Magazine in February that she was "overwhelmed with sadness" following the separation. She said: "It was a chapter of my life that I am now closing, and I have so many happy memories. "I am very much someone who believes in focusing on the future, not having regrets, and I want to be positive for my children." She added that the decision to split had been a mutual one and said that she and Alex were on "different paths". However, Laura added that she has been feeling heartbroken at times. The pair share two children, son Rocco, eight and daughter Tahlia, six. Laura announced the split on her social media page alongside a quote which read: "Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." DON'T MISS... Michael Douglas reflects on tragedy as he issues career update [UPDATE] Liz Hurley breaks silence on Shane Warne’s death in heartbreaking post [COMMENT] Rod Stewart's wife Penny Lancaster sparks frenzy as she flashes legs [INSTAGRAM] She wrote: "This isn’t something I ever thought I’d be saying but, after 13 years of being together Alex and I have separated. "Our children are and always will be our number one priority and we would respect privacy for our family at this time." Since moving, the star has been sharing her struggles as she is left to update her new property. Laura revealed some of the issues behind the process in a snap in January. Showing a side of the house that had been stripped of the outer layer of bricks, Laura explained how ivy had caused damage to the structure. She wrote: "Ivy that is left to grow out of control DESTROYS everything!!! "It’s damaged my wall and part of the roof." She concluded the message with the hashtags "#Surrey" and "#renovation".