The Saudi Arabia GP returns for a second season this weekend, and the drivers are still learning the tips and tricks needed to gain vital milliseconds. Some minor changes to the track this year could make lap times even faster, it's been claimed. F1 returns to Jeddah for the second time in four months, following an action-packed penultimate race of the 2021 season. In December, Lewis Hamilton managed to claw back some vital points against Max Verstappen in the 2021 title race. Haas's Mick Schumacher crashed on Lap 10, giving Verstappen a free tyre change from a standing start, after Hamilton decided to pit during the safety car. Later in the race, the Red Bull driver was ordered to give Hamilton the lead after going off-track. But, it was Mercedes' Hamilton that ultimately finished the race in first place, with Verstappen in second and Valtteri Bottas in third. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and Alex Albon narrowly avoid scary Saudi GP crash The Jeddah street circuit is just over 6km long, and will be contested over 50 laps. The fastest lap was set by Hamilton in 2021, at 1:30.734, seeing as it was the track's debut on the F1 circuit. It's a high-speed wall-lined track that has 27 turns in total - the highest number of turns in the entire schedule. The track itself lines the Red Sea, and is bookended by the sharp corners at Turns 13 and 27. The faster cars will ultimately be looking to gain an advantage on the track's main straight, between Turns 27 and 1. However, the slalom-like corners between Turn 4 and Turn 12 will likely play a large role in determining this weekend's winner. Ferrari's Charles Leclerc was forced out of Practice 2 on Friday after clipping the wall between Turns 6 and 7. His team-mate, Carlos Sainz, also clipped the wall, but managed to avoid any real damage. DON'T MISSSaudi Arabia rocked by explosion just 12 miles from F1 track [NEWS]Hamilton receives letter from 14-year-old boy on death row in Saudi [LATEST]Ecclestone previously hinted Hamilton 'can escape contract' early [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile, Saudi race organisers made a few minor changes to the track this year. Some of the walls have been pushed back slightly, to make the track even faster. The hairpin at Turn 27 was particularly a point of contention, but will now give drivers more visibility. Up to 10 minor tweaks on the track were confirmed by Saudi Motorsport's CEO, Martin Whitaker. He said: "The footprint of the circuit remains the same, apart from Turn 27. We've just moved some of the barriers back a little bit in certain areas so it improves the sightline through that corner. "It could make [lap times] a little bit quicker, one imagines, if it's not fast enough already. "Most of the changes have effectively been done this year. I think we've effected between seven and 10 of the changes they were looking for. The rest will take a little bit longer. "The speed of the circuit is such that drivers were arriving very quickly on slower cars. I think the main issue there was not so much the race, but more in qualifying, where you've got cars backing off to take advantage of a decent lap."