According to Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty Magazine, the monarch’s programme is expected to be “pretty sparse” as she will only be attending the most necessary engagements. This is due to the Queen’s age and frailty, which do not allow her to be as visible as she used to be. Speaking to the PA news agency, Mr Little said: “The programme will be pretty sparse. “The Palace is clearly going to look at what’s planned and commit to as little possible because the problem is obviously to do with mobility.” He added: “The Queen now regularly uses a stick and remarked during a recent Windsor audience ‘Well, as you can see, I can’t move’.” The monarch, who will turn 96 years old next month, has just recovered from Covid, when she reportedly experienced mild cold-like symptoms. On Monday, she missed the Commonwealth Service that took place at Westminster Abbey in celebration of Commonwealth Day. In a message for Commonwealth Day, the Queen renewed her pledge made seven decades ago, when she was just 21 years old, in a poignant message vowing to dedicate her whole life to service. Charles represented her in the event, while it was understood she didn’t attend for comfort reasons, after having admitted mobility issues. Mr Little said: “The shift has been going on for some time and it’s been accelerated by the Covid situation. READ MORE: Meghan Markle moved to tears during emotional Commonwealth Day serviceCamilla Parker Bowles is 'central' to the FirmBrian May on honouring Freddie Mercury with Queen and Adam Lambert “Two years ago, the Commonwealth service was one of the last things the Queen did before moving to Windsor for the duration and of course, she’s never really come back. “The pandemic has in many ways slowed her down. The programme will never really get back to how it was pre-pandemic, I would say, because of her age and her frailty.” He went on to suggest the Queen might not make it to distribute Maundy money to pensioners in April because “it involves a lot of people and standing for quite some time.” He added: “Unfortunately I think those days are gone.” DON'T MISS: Queen and Camilla bond highlighted in announcementPrince Harry’s plan to discuss Queen relationship in memoirSussex fans attack chef for 'daring to say' Duchess would have to pay