French President Emmanuel Macron has warned today that Vladimir Putin has no intention of stopping his bloody war in Ukraine as the invasion enters its second week. Ukrainians have been valiantly fighting and have managed to hold off Russian forces in various areas, but President Putin has said he still plans to seize all of Ukraine. The pair talked on Thursday afternoon over the phone for 90 minutes. Mr Putin reportedly told the French President that his invasion of Ukraine was “going according to plan”. Following the meeting, a French official said Mr Macron told the Russian leader that he was making a "major mistake", adding: "You are lying to yourself". Mr Putin told Mr Macron that the invasion will continue "until the end" unless negotiations meet his terms.  READ MORE: What is martial law? EU 'worried about' Putin plans Mr Putin continues to maintain Russia is seeking to demilitarise and "denazify" Ukraine - to which Mr Macron reportedly replied that "Ukraine was not the Nazi regime and that his vision of Ukraine was not confronting reality". Mr Macron expressed his concern for citizens and the need for a humanitarian corridor and conditions. Mr Putin acknowledged this but gave no details on what he was willing to do. The details of the call have been relayed to President Zelensky in Ukraine. Mr Macron last met with the Russian leader in Moscow prior to the outbreak of the war, in a last-minute attempt at diplomacy. It has been noted that President Macron has been meeting and talking with President Putin more than other Western leaders. Between mid-December and February, he talked to the Russian leader by phone five times. This is more than twice the number of calls between Moscow and Washington in the same period.  DON'T MISSRussia: Countries that could be Putin's next target - 'Why not?' [INSIGHT]Putin blindsides Kremlin as 'no one expected full scale war' [REPORT]US intelligence pinpoints Putin's fury - who are Putin's inner circle? [ANALYSIS] The reasoning behind President Putin and President Macron’s relationship is unclear - they have no historical allyship, but the French President has been more open than other Western powerhouses in considering Russia’s security grievances. He has also sought to engage directly with Russia in the past, much to the criticism of some of his French and European allies. Only two weeks after being sworn in, in May 2017, he invited Putin to the Palace of Versailles, greeted the dictator on a red carpet, and held a joint news conference with him in the palace. Macron welcomed Putin again, in 2019, at the Fort of Brégançon, the Presidential summer retreat, where he acknowledged “this great power that is Russia” and offered President Putin the chance to build, together, “a new security architecture for our Europe.” He later said: “Pushing Russia away from Europe is a profound strategic error because we will push Russia either into an isolation that increases tensions or into alliances with other great powers such as China.” There’s little doubt that Mr Macron is attempting to establish himself as the new leader of Europe, an unofficial role that long belonged to former German Chancellor Angela Merkel. The French Presidential elections are just two months away, and President Macron has now changed tack, severely condemning Russia’s actions in Ukraine and deploying sanctions which have included seizing the yacht of a Russian energy boss, who is a key ally of President Putin.