Prince Charles and his wife were accompanied to the Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. The royals appeared to be in good spirits while attending the event in central London as Camilla and Prince William shared a giggle and chat while Prince Charles and his daughter-in-law did the same.  Camilla, 74, was dressed in a deep purple outfit with a wide-brimmed purple hat and hugged her stepson, 39, as they greeted each other in the Abbey. One royal fan took to Instagram and wrote: “Camilla is beautiful in purple today.” While another commented: “Two fabulous men with their equally fabulous wives. What colours too STUNNINGLY BEAUTIFUL WOW!!” The royal event was due to be attended by the Queen who then pulled out of the engagement due to suffering from mobility issues and being “too frail” to travel and stand during the service.  Many fans took to Twitter to send their love and support to Her Majesty, thanking her for her devotion to the Commonwealth. One royal supporter stated: “Such a proud day for the Commonwealth and the Queen who has devoted so much of her life to its welfare.” The monarch announced that it was “rewarding to observe a modern, vibrant and connected Commonwealth that combines a wealth of history and tradition with the great social, cultural and technological advances of our time”. According to the Westminster Abbey Twitter account, the event honours and celebrates “the 54 nations and 2.5 billion people who make up the Commonwealth with a special service in the Abbey”. READ MORE:Putin braces for coup from 'disgruntled' senior Russian generals An insider said: “There were huge family rows in the early stages of Charles and Camilla’s marriage as everyone found their feet. “William didn’t have the best relationship with his father back then, but he sees that Camilla has made his father happy and it is something he has come to terms with.” The insider added that William’s “relationship with the Prince of Wales is better than it ever has been” and that they “are quite the blended family now”. DON'T MISS:Royal Family not to blame for Andrew’s ‘disgraceful behaviour’ – POLL (POLL)Ancient Egypt researchers' astonishing find in Tutankhamun's tomb (REVEAL)Lawn advice: Common lawn mistakes to ‘avoid’ to grow ‘healthy’ grass (INSIGHT)  A source within Buckingham Palace confirmed to the Daily Mail that “the Duke is supportive” of Camilla becoming Queen Consort upon Prince Charles ascending the throne. The Queen announced the move last month and that at the coronation, Camilla will wear the Queen Mother’s platinum and diamond crown that was created in 1937 for King George VI’s coronation. 