In recent years, Beijing and Moscow have forged closer ties, with US officials fearing China has already supported Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Despite US fears, the former head of MI6 said that only China can influence Putin to stop his invasion into Ukraine. Sir Alex Younger, former head of the Secret Intelligence Service from 2014 to 2020, said Xi Jinping is the only world leader who could convince Putin to stop the invasion of Ukraine. He said: "Of all the people in the world that can assert influence on Vladimir Putin, who is in his bunker and who is obsessed by achieving greatness through the restoration of the Russian Empire..., of all the people that can talk sense to him, it's Xi (Jinping, the Chinese leader). "Vladimir Putin needs Xi and of course Xi while he feels he has to align himself at the high level with what Russia is doing because of their new alliance, must be deeply disturbed by what is going on." Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme on Wednesday, March 16, Sir Alex added the situation in Ukraine is "seriously compounding the economic problems that China faces”. He also suggested Russia’s war carries a "huge reputational risk" for China if they continue to associate themselves with the "murderous activities in Ukraine". Sir Alex added: "Putin does not have a reverse gear. He gambled. "He has hit extraordinary difficulties early on but he's going to keep going and he has to, because he went into this war with a false premise, and he needs to be seen to be bringing something back from it." READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Xi pulls rug from under Putin as China betrays Russia American officials believe China has already decided to provide Russia with economic and financial support. Jake Sullivan, US national security adviser, met Yang Jiechi, his Chinese counterpart, in Rome for an “intense” seven-hour meeting, where the American official laid out the case against Moscow. Speaking to the Guardian, a US official familiar with the discussions said: “The key here is first to get China to recalculate and re-evaluate their position. We see no sign of that re-evaluation. “They’ve already decided that they’re going to provide economic and financial support, and they underscored that today. The question really is whether they will go further.” After talks in Rome ended, the White House issued a short statement, noting Mr Sullivan raised a "range of issues in US-China relations, with substantial discussion of Russia's war against Ukraine”. A senior administration official said: "We have deep concerns about China's alignment with Russia at this time, and the national security adviser was direct about those concerns and the potential implications and consequences of certain actions.” China’s state-owned Xinhua news agency said in a statement after the meeting on Monday that “Yang stressed that the Chinese side resolutely opposes any word and deeds that spread false information, or distort and discredit China’s position”. China has so far refused to officially condemn Russia for invading Ukraine, abstaining in United Nations votes and instead calling for peaceful resolutions. Earlier on Wednesday, Chinese Ambassador Fan Xiangrong told the head of Russia’s Lvyv military administration, Maksym Kozytskyi "we will always respect your state and develop relations based on equality and mutual benefit”. However the ambassador also said China “will respect the path that Ukrainians choose, because this is the sovereign right of every nation”. Robert Ross, a political science professor at Boston College, told Al Jazeera the war between Russian and Ukraine “has the potential to be a turning point in US-China relations”. He said that if China decides to back the Russian war effort in Ukraine, the US would respond by restricting economic ties with China, as well as authorising a “far larger US military budget to deal” with Beijing. Mr Ross told the outlet: “The Chinese face a decision as to whether or not they want to align themselves with Russia – against Europe and the United States – and should they do so, they would also encourage the United States to treat China as one of its foremost adversaries and elicit a Cold War confrontation.”