The ex-Brexit Party and UKIP leader appeared alongside GB News' Colin Brazier as the two Eurosceptics criticised the Remain-voting Speaker. Mr Bercow, who served as the Commons Speaker from 2009 to 2014, has been banned from Parliament and suspended from the Labour Party after an independent report upheld 21 bullying and harassment complaints against him. Farage, who was involved in a horrific plane crash when he stood against Mr Bercow in his Buckingham constituency back in 2010, claimed Bercow "schemed and plotted" to take the position of Speaker of the House of Commons. Bercow's election was somewhat controversial and he was even forced to see off a motion led by the ex-Conservative leader William Hague to unseat him from the Speaker's chair. When Mr Brazier asked if Mr Bercow was facing his "political comeuppance", Mr Farage replied: "Yes, big time... I think he demeaned the position of Speaker." The ex-UKIP leader, who joined GB News as a presenter in July 2021, added: "For 800 years the Speaker has been fiercely neutral, even during the English Civil War. "This man utterly politicised the role, especially over Brexit. "Now, by the time the agonies in Parliament were happening everybody knew that he was facing actually quite serious charges." JUST IN: 'Utterly irresponsible and naive' Nicola Sturgeon savaged over Ukraine no-fly zone comment Farage continued: "Everyone knew about these very serious charges, the establishment chose to literally turn a blind eye, to keep him in his place because if there was one man that could stop Brexit it was Bercow." Following the publication of the report, there have been calls for Bercow to lose some of his honorary positions, including at Royal Holloway University. However, Farage appeared to back away from 'cancelling' Bercow altogether. The prominent Brexiteer said: "He shouldn’t be promoted, he shouldn’t go to the House of Lords, the fact that his pass has been removed is a good thing. "He's got his political comeuppance. "I don't wish him ill for the rest of his life and I agree with you, I wouldn't want to see other things cancelled from him, but he's not going back into the Palace of Westminster." Despite Mr Farage's remarks, Mr Bercow denounced the report as "a travesty of justice". He added: "Parliament is supposed to be the highest court in the land. "This inquiry, which lasted a ghastly 22 months at great cost to the taxpayer, has failed it dismally. "At the end of it, the panel has simply said that I should be denied a parliamentary pass which I have never applied for and do not want. "That is the absurdity of its position. "Don't fall for the establishment spin that I have been banned for life. "I can still attend debates with the help of a friendly passholder or go as a member of the public." DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Irish investment hit as EU throws Dublin & Belfast [LIVE] Russian tactical blunder: Moment Putin's attack convoy blown to pieces [VIDEO] Putin warned he could be ousted from power: 'Had enough!' [INSIGHT] Bercow and Farage had locked horns ever since the ex-MEP stood against the Speaker in the 2010 General Election. Mr Bercow emerged victorious in the contest and the then UKIP leader finished in a distant third place on just 8,410 votes. Following the UK's decision to vote to leave the European Union in the 2016 referendum, Mr Farage called for the Speaker to be given the boot. Speaking on LBC, he said: "It is arrogant, it is stuck-up, it is full of virtue-signalling and more importantly he again, and again, and again is incapable of being impartial." But when Boris Johnson led the Conservative Party to victory in the 2019 General Election, the pair would meet again for Sky News' overnight coverage. During their joint appearance, Mr Bercow even said Mr Farage's argument was "absolute copperbottomed rubbish".