Chloe Madeley, 34, has opened up about the moment when she first discovered the sex of her baby. The star is having a child with husband and rugby player James Haskell. She first revealed that she would be having a baby in full view of her 248,000 Instagram followers. The star released a photo of herself with her mum as she held up a small pink outfit. The personal trainer, now 21 weeks pregnant, spoke up to OK! about the moment she found out the gender of her first child. Chloe explained that she was having dinner with her parents, Judy Finnigan and Richard Madeley, when she received an email confirming the sex of her baby. READ NOW: Kate Humble opens up on ‘very seductive’ first meal with now-husband. She said: “I scrolled down and it said ‘female.’” “I jumped up and my mum dropped her fork on the plate. “I said, ‘I’m having a girl!’ It was very emotional and I know my parents secretly wanted me to have a girl. “They’re seeing it as their second experience of raising me.” Husband James wanted to be surprised by the news, and Chloe obliged. The personal trainer arranged for a box to be delivered to their home with a pink baby outfit inside. James said he “welled up” and “nearly cried” upon receiving the news. He said it was “exciting” to be having a little girl as the former rugby player has “been around enough men (his) entire life.” DON'T MISS... 'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown [LATEST] Naga Munchetty reacts after colleagues 'decide to step away' from BBC [INSIGHT] Strictly star's tears as family 'turned back' at Ukraine border [UPDATE] Chloe confirmed that she wouldn’t be having an elective cesarean when it came to the birth. She added that she didn’t really have a “plan” when it came to the birth of her daughter. She explained her fears about getting a c-section. The star said: “My mum said, ‘It’s a really big operation and some women are OK with it and they recover OK. “‘But most women really have to go through a period of recovery’ – they cut you open!" Chloe explained that her mother said to her she should only have it if you “have to have it.” On March 9, Chloe took to Instagram to explain why he hadn’t spoken more about her pregnancy. The star said: “I remember when I was trying, for 2 years, and it was hard watching everyone around me get pregnant. “It didn’t make me feel jealous or envious. It just made me feel… sad. Really, really sad.”