Manchester United outcast Juan Mata could snub the prospect of regular game time at Barcelona by agreeing an unorthodox new deal at Old Trafford. The Spaniard is at a crossroads having been repeatedly snubbed since Ralf Rangnick took charge, and with little prospect of worming his way back into the first-team fold. It is easy to forget that United have a highly-decorated player in their ranks who would currently count himself lucky to make the bench. Mata is into his ninth season at Old Trafford, having previously been on the books of Real Madrid, Valencia and Chelsea. The attacking midfielder was arguably at the peak of his powers during a three-year stint at Stamford Bridge where he won the Champions League, Europa League and FA Cup. But things have slowed dramatically in recent years, and Mata's Premier League appearances have dropped every season since 2017/18. JUST IN: Mohamed Salah injury explained by Jurgen Klopp after Liverpool star limped off vs Brighton This campaign he has featured four times in total, with only one start since Rangnick took charge on an interim basis. Furthermore, he is yet to see a single minute of Premier League football this term. At 33-years-old and with just a few months left to run on his Red Devils deal, Mata is faced with an important decision on his future. As a player that possesses effortless passing and game intelligence rather than pace or strength he could, on paper, have more to give if handed regular opportunities elsewhere. DON'T MISS...Man Utd hero Neville fires triple warning over Rashford rumoursLiverpool dealt Salah blow as extent of 'breakdown' in talks emergesChelsea 'face financial ruin' as accounts frozen in Abramovich twist Rumoured interest from La Liga giants Barcelona could turn his head, but The Mirror / The Daily Star claim that he could stay at Old Trafford on a new deal which would be focused on his transition into coaching. Mata has started his coaching badges, and could be tempted by the offer with one eye on life beyond retirement. United chiefs are believed to be lining up a package which would see him coach at youth level, with further talk of an ambassadorial role after more than eight years at the club. It remains to be seen whether Mata feels as though he has more to give on the pitch, or whether bowing out quietly sounds like a tempting option. If the 2010 World Cup winner does decide to call it a day, he would not be the only star to make way from United's squad over the summer. Paul Pogba, Edinson Cavani and Jesse Lingard are into the final months of their respective contracts, and all are widely expected to move on. Plenty more changes could be on the cards as Rangnick moves upstairs into a consultancy role, with United's next permanent manager sure to arrive with their own vision. Cristiano Ronaldo is among those who could also head for the exit door, given that the Red Devils' Champions League qualification is far from assured.