The weekly car boot sale is a great place to find a bargain, whether it's second-hand furniture, cheap electronics or used power tools. It also goes without saying, but there's usually somebody getting rid of their old DVDs and video games. Most old video games aren't worth much, but with an increasing number of people looking for complete retro collections, you'd be surprised by how many sell for more now than when they were originally released. If you're visiting a car boot this weekend, then it's worth keeping a look out for some of the following Sega, Nintendo and PlayStation games. First up let's look at a few PS2 games that you might realistically find when visiting a car boot. Action game God Hand is a cult favourite among beat-em-up fans, to the point where prices have started to rise. According to the Price Charting website, used copies of God Hand in its original box and with an instruction manual are selling for anywhere between £48 to £93. Another game you might realistically come across is Manhunt 2, which commands upwards of £86 if in good condition and with instructions. Elsewhere, Silent Hill Collection (which I used to own but ended up selling for nowhere near this amount) can fetch prices of £107. PSOne games worth looking out for include Klonoa Door to Phantomile, Suikoden, Suikoden 2, Clock Tower and Castlevania Symphony of the Night. The only annoying thing about PSOne games is that they tend to be in bad condition, which lowers the selling price. The same is true of old Super Nintendo, NES and N64 games, which were packaged in non-durable cardboard boxes. Even so, Nintendo cartridges are still worth a pretty penny, provided they're rare enough. The following game prices are based on loose copies of the games, so assume that boxed versions are worth a lot more. On the NES, car boot cash hunters should be on the look out for Castlevania 3: Dracula's Curse (£74), Mega Man (£60), Lethal Weapon (£117), and Mighty Final Fight (£186). On the Super Nintendo side of things, Aero the Acro-Bat 2 sells for £117, Spawn goes for £106, Adventures of Batman & Robin sells for £87, and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 4: Turtles in Time commands a price tag of £74. If you spot any N64 games, titles like Starcraft 64, Rush 2049, Paper Mario and Conker's Bad Fur Day have all been known to sell for over £100. The same is true of old Super Nintendo, NES and N64 games, which were packaged in non-durable cardboard boxes. Even so, Nintendo cartridges are still worth a pretty penny, provided they're rare enough. The following game prices are based on loose copies of the games, so assume that boxed versions are worth a lot more. On the NES, car boot cash hunters should be on the look out for Castlevania 3: Dracula's Curse (£74), Mega Man (£60), Lethal Weapon (£117), and Mighty Final Fight (£186). On the Super Nintendo side of things, Aero the Acro-Bat 2 sells for £117, Spawn goes for £106, Adventures of Batman & Robin sells for £87, and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 4: Turtles in Time commands a price tag of £74. If you spot any N64 games, titles like Starcraft 64, Rush 2049, Paper Mario and Conker's Bad Fur Day have all been known to sell for over £100. The Sega Mega Drive was an extremely popular console back in the 1990s, so the chances of spotting some Sega classics are high. Unlike Nintendo games, Sega Mega Drive releases came in sturdy boxes with instruction manuals, so the following prices are based on finding copies with boxes and manuals. Ecco Jr, for example, is worth a staggering £490 if you find a copy in its original box and with a manual. Likewise, a complete copy of The Punisher has been known to fetch £468. Even a loose version can be sold for over £200. Elsewhere, Probotector sells for £198, Phantasy Star IV goes for £180, while popular action game Gunstar Heroes can be sold for upwards of £144. Obviously it goes without saying, but these prices should be used as a guide only, and you won't necessarily make the full amount listed. Sites like eBay rely on visibility and charge fees for every sale, while CEX will purchase the games for less, but sell them closer to the prices listed above. It might be worth bookmarking the Price Charting website ahead of your visit to the car boot. Finally, you can pretty much ignore old copies of FIFA and Pro Evolution Soccer (especially from the PS2 era), because they're really not worth much.