Chloe (played by April Rose Pengilly) has been enjoying the life of a single woman recently on Neighbours as she has finally put her marriage to Pierce Greyson (Don Hany) behind her and she has reestablished a friendship with Nicolette (Charlotte Chimes). The assistant Lassiters Hotel manager has just begun a new chapter of her life as well, agreeing to let Mackenzie Hargreaves (Georgie Stone) and newcomer to the Channel 5 soap, Freya Wozniak (Phoebe Roberts), move in with her. However, there will be another new addition to Ramsay Street in upcoming scenes as Nicolette bonds with a new character. The drama begins during next week's episodes of the weekday serial drama as Nicolette joins several other Ramsay Street favourites on a trip away from Erinsborough. With several characters having a hard time at the moment, they think this could be the perfect break away from their chaotic lives. When they arrive and get settled, the group meet newcomer Kiri Hua Durant (Gemma Bird Matheson), who will be a new regular face on the programme. After taking some time out of her romantic life to focus on her daughter, Isla, the mother of one decides she wants to pursue something with Kiri. Having been out of the game for a while, Nicolette does manage to make things a little awkward but the newcomer doesn't seem put off. READ MORE: Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series 'No-brainer' As they get to know each other a little better, the pair eventually end up wanting to kiss one another as the chemistry builds. By the end of the trip, things are going to look positive for the pair as it seems they could become the next power couple of Ramsay Street. Unfortunately, Nicolette's mind could be drawn back to Chloe and how she would react if she knew her ex-girlfriend had a new lover. The assistant hotel manager has always thought if she was patient, things could maybe still work between her and her former lover. But with Nicolette now taking a shining to Kiri, it is likely this road will be closed permanently as the mother of one wants to start afresh. Not wanting to hurt Chloe's feelings, Nicolette could ask Kiri if they could keep their romance on the down-low to begin with. Although she would tell the newcomer she doesn't still have feelings for Chloe, she would explain she doesn't want to cause any distress. However, this could be the worst possible way to approach the matter as secrets tend to explode when they are finally revealed. Chloe could walk in on the couple kissing and this could leave her heartbroken as she has noticed Nicolette has been distant lately. Putting the pieces of the jigsaw together, she could realise the pair are in a relationship and it would be hard to see them around. DON'T MISS...UK back in Brussels! Truss to join special EU council despite Brexit [COMMENT]Kate's job before royal days revealed by doting mum Carole [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton tactic exposed which may give him edge over F1 rivals [COMMENT] Knowing she needs to start a new chapter herself, Chloe could decide she is going to go and live with her brother, Mark Brennan (Scott McGregor) in another part of Australia. Ramsay Street would have too many memories for the beloved character and she would want Nicolette to pursue her new romance without being worried about how Chloe feels. With the show coming to an end later this year after 37 years, this could be the way the assistant hotel manager's story concludes. After so much heartache during her time in Erinsborough, this could be the perfect farewell to the troubled singleton. The actress who plays Kiri, Gemma, has spoken out about her character's arrival and hinted she would be at the heart of a lot of drama. Gemma explained: "I'm a big advocate for queer people playing queer roles. I'm excited about this representation for several reasons. "I get to play myself, a queer Papua New Guinean Christian. That's pretty monumental. "I felt honoured to be a part of such an iconic Australian show, but I was also excited by what this representation would mean for a lot of people, especially on such a mainstream show." It has also been teased she is a "good girl at heart" and "a bit mysterious and flirty," meaning the secret romance would be right up her ally. But does the pairing have what it takes to go the distance or will the holiday romance begin to wear thin very soon? After weeks of wondering if the programme would be saved after Channel 5 pulled its funding of the show, production company Fremantle have confirmed there is no more hope. In a statement to fans, they explained: "It is with sadness that after nearly 37 years and almost 9000 episodes broadcast, we are confirming that Neighbours will cease production in the summer. "Following the loss of a key broadcast partner in the UK, and despite a search for alternative funding, we currently have no option but to rest the show. "Everyone at Neighbours has been overwhelmed by the love and support from the audience since the news came out. "The show has brought a sunny slice of Australia into the homes of millions of viewers around the world launching the careers of dozens of household names along the way. "But as this chapter of Ramsay Street comes to a close, we promise to do everything we can to give the show the send-off it deserves." Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5.