Multiple reports and footage shared by people on social media show the storm has led to massive damage on the ground. According to the news reports, severe damage has been reported from Arabi in Louisiana after the storm hit the streets. Zack Fradella, a meteorologist with FOX8NOLA tweeted: “Extreme damage in Arabi, people are trying to be rescued. Homes levelled. This is from a St. Bernard Firefighter.” A damning video uploaded by a news reporter on social media shows debris lying on the ground in Arabi, Louisiana after the tornado ripped through homes. The Hale County EMA said that they have received three reports of people trapped in their homes, however no injuries from storm damage have been reported so far. About 3.2 million people in southern Louisiana, southern Mississippi and the western edge of Alabama were under a moderate risk of severe weather on Tuesday, according to the National Weather Service Storm Prediction Center.  Up to five inches of rain was predicted in the region through Tuesday night, with higher amounts possible in some areas, meteorologists said. The system rolling through the region could produce tornadoes, hailstones nearly the size of golf balls and damaging winds up to 70 miles per hour. A news report showing a live Tornado moving on wdsu TV said: “Get to your safe place. We have got a definite Tornado that is moving northeast.” Per Guy McInnis, President of St. Bernard Parish, told wdsu TV: “Following the tornado in New Orleans east there is ‘major, widespread’ damage although the full extent is not clear. “Search and rescue is performed- no reports of injuries yet. One house was moved off the foundation.” Power cuts have been reported in the lower ninth ward after the massive storm caused power lines to be torn down. Power cuts have been reported in the lower ninth ward as an impact of the tornado. Entry into St Bernards has been restricted due to the massive damage and according to local reports power remains out. From house damage to tree damage, the area has witnessed extreme destruction. Gov. John Bel Edwards tweeted that state agencies were assisting as needed as officials are currently assessing the impact of the tornado.   Mr Edwards tweeted: “My prayers are with you in Southeast Louisiana tonight. Please be safe." On Monday in Texas, a woman died after a tornado struck her home in Sherwood Shores, about 90 miles north of Dallas, the Grayson County Office of Emergency Management said. The National Weather Service confirmed Tuesday that it was an EF-2 tornado. More than a dozen people were injured in Monday’s tornadoes and severe weather, officials said. At least 20 tornadoes were reported Monday across Texas, qualifying as a tornado outbreak. Jacksboro, Crockett, Madisonville, Elgin, Bowie and Rock Round in Texas, as well as Kingston, Oklahoma, were hit hard.