Fiorentina earned themselves an important point on Saturday with a 1-1 draw with third-placed Inter Milan. Vicenzo Italiano’s side left it all on the San Siro pitch - including the tooth of midfielder Lucas Torreira. The Uruguayan opened the scoring for Fiorentina in the 50th minute when he latched on to a cutback from Nicolas Gonzalez to fire home his second goal in as many games. But the away side’s lead lasted just five minutes as Inter right wing-back Denzel Dumfries headed home from close range to level the tie. After 35 minutes of end to end football, which included Inter being un-awarded a penalty by VAR, the game ended as a draw. Thus, Inter remain behind Napoli and AC Milan in the table, whilst Fiorentina move within striking distance of European football. The performance of Arsenal loanee Torreira caught the eye against Inter, especially because he ended the match with one tooth less. The 26-year-old pulled it out in the match when he felt it wobbling rather than wasting a substitution to receive treatment. JUST IN: Chelsea lose Rudiger battle as star 'says yes' to Serie A return The midfielder was caught in the face during an aerial collision midway through the match but it did not look serious enough to receive extensive treatment. But open returning to the pitch, Torreira obviously felt his front tooth feeling slightly loose as he was spotted walking over the kitman and handing over his tooth in return for a cotton swab having yanked it out. The former Atletico Madrid star posted an image of him posing with his new look teeth captioned with several emojis of teeth and purple hearts. Fans were quick to comment on the commitment and warrior-like mentality of the midfielder, with some Arsenal supporters even noting that he had ‘unfinished business’ at the Emirates Stadium. DON'T MISS  But it is unlikely that Gunners fans will ever see Torreira back in North London as he found that he was surplus to requirements under Mikel Arteta, who has prided himself on bringing in young talents in necessary positions. Fiorentina are also, reportedly, able to sign the Uruguay international permanently in the summer for a fee of £12.5million and are expected to activate the said clause. The Gunners may wish that they were less generous with their negotiations in hinsight though. Arteta was keen to sign their striker Dusan Vlahovic in the January transfer window and spent the entire month pursuing the Serbian, only for the 22-year-old to opt to join Juventus.