Prince Andrew, 62, paid his financial settlement to his accuser Virginia Giuffre earlier this week. The move formally ends the court case against the Duke of York in the US, where Ms Giuffre was suing him after alleging he sexually assaulted her when she was 17 and had been trafficked by the convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. Andrew vigorously denied the accusations throughout the case and repeatedly claimed that he had no recollection of ever meeting Ms Giuffre. Royal expert Zoe Forsey claimed last month that Her Majesty’s initial response to Andrew had effectively been, “You deal with this” Summing up reports of the situation, the Daily Mirror online features editor chatted to the paper’s royal editor Russell Myers on their regular royal podcast ‘Pod Save The Queen’. During the episode released the day after the settlement announcement, Ms Forsey claimed Andrew was “under pressure” from other senior members of the Royal Family. She added: “The initial reports were that the Queen had very much said, ‘You deal with this. “‘I’m having nothing to do with it’ – in terms of bank balances and pots of money. “But there are now reports that perhaps she is going to be contributing something towards this terrifyingly huge figure.” The Daily Telegraph reported last month that the Queen was to contribute money to the settlement from her private Duchy of Lancaster estate. According to the BBC, money from the taxpayer has not contributed towards the settlement. The broadcaster reported that in response to a Freedom of Information request, the Treasury, said: “No public money has been used to pay legal or settlement fees.” In the settlement announcement last month, Andrew agreed to make a donation to Ms Giuffre’s charity. DON'T MISS: 'Sitting by their pool' Harry & Meghan savaged for new political move [LATEST]Prince Harry’s ‘unfortunate remark’ went down ‘like lead balloon’ with Markles [INSIGHT]Do YOU think it's OK for Royal Family to contribute to Andrew's payout with private money? [ANALYSIS]  The American runs non-profit organisation Speak Out, Act, Reclaim (SOAR), which supports victims of abuse. The charity’s mission is to help survivors of sex trafficking and to raise awareness in order to end sex trafficking. The statement about Ms Giuffre and Andrew’s settlement read: “Prince Andrew intends to make a substantial donation to Ms Giuffre’s charity in support of victims’ rights. “Prince Andrew has never intended to malign Ms Giuffre’s character, and he accepts that she has suffered both as an established victim of abuse and as a result of unfair public attacks. “It is known that Jeffrey Epstein trafficked countless young girls over many years. “Prince Andrew regrets his association with Epstein and commends the bravery of Ms Giuffre and other survivors in standing up for themselves and others.” To subscribe to ‘Pod Save The Queen’ go to your normal podcast provider.