Protestors branding Ukrainian flags have descended at a busy border crossing with Belarus causing trade disruption and long tailbacks. The demonstrators have taken to blockading the Kukuryki-Kozlovichi border crossing in a bid to cut off supplies to Russia amid the Kremlin's ongoing assault on Ukraine. Footage from the border crossing protest shows a large group of protestors blocking the road. Many of the people are holding Polish and Ukrainian flags. As a result of the demonstration, a queue of trucks has formed which is reported to stretch for over 30 kilometres. While Belarus is a close ally of Putin's and has served as a staging post for Russian forces, it has so far not publicly committed troops to support Russia. Poland has taken in the largest number of Ukrainian refugees, millions, since the start of the war on February 24. Over two million refugees have entered Poland from Ukraine since the start of the Russian invasion the Polish border guard said on Friday. "Today, March 18 at 0900 (local time) the number of refugees from Ukraine exceeded 2 million. "Mainly women and children," the border guard wrote on Twitter. It comes as Russia's invasion, now in its fourth week, has largely stalled. The Kremlin has failed to seize any major city much less capture Kyiv or swiftly topple the Ukrainian Government. Ukraine and Western allies continue to accuse Moscow of attacking civilians indiscriminately. Russia has denied attacking civilians. Kyiv has rejected the Kremlin's demand for its soldiers to lay down arms before dawn on Monday in besieged Mariupol where hundreds of thousands of civilians are cowering from Russian bombardments laying waste to their city. DON'T MISS:Ukraine growing 'desperate' to recruit more soldiers to fight Russia [WATCH]Chernobyl crisis: Lukashenko turns on Putin to secure nuclear plant [REACTION]UK's Russian sanctions in FULL - Every oligarch facing action today [INSIGHT] President Volodymyr Zelensky said on Monday Ukraine would never bow to ultimatums from Russia and cities such as Kyiv, Mariupol or Kharkiv would not accept Russian occupation. "We have an ultimatum with points in it. "'Follow it and then we will end the war'," Zelensky said in an interview with Ukrainian TV. "Ukraine cannot fulfil the ultimatum."