By 2028, Vauxhall will have switched its entire product line-up of cars and vans to purely electric vehicles, seven years ahead of the UK Government deadline. The Stellantis-owned brand is on a mission to electrify Britain and “provide vehicles that perfectly meet UK motorists’ needs”. In the near future, this will include driving ranges of between 310 miles (500km) and 497 miles (800km) and a “best-in-class” rapid-charging capability of 20 miles (32km) per minute. Currently, there are 10 electrified Vauxhall models on the market including electric versions of the popular Corsa and Mokka cars. The All-New Astra, already available with plug-in hybrid technology, will be available as a fully electric version from 2023 in both hatch (Astra-e) and estate (Astra-e Sport Tourer) guises. The news follows the recent announcement that parent company Stellantis would sell only fully-electric cars in Europe in 2026. READ MORE: RAC calls for car tax rates to be cut This is part of its Dare 2030 strategy which is designed to cut the carbon footprint of the manufacturing giant by 50 percent. Vauxhall’s two manufacturing plants in Ellesmere Port and Luton produced 120,000 cars and vans in 2019, and its sales accounted for 7.5 percent of the UK market. As part of their electric goals, Vauxhall announced its new Manta model with purely electric drive by the mid-2020s. The return of the Manta will be welcomed by many as a rejuvenated look at one of Opel’s classic models which was sold in the UK during the 1970s and 80s. DON'T MISSMajor driving laws to launch in weeks as UK motorists risk fines [WARNING]Confusion over which vehicles are exempt from new car tax changes [INSIGHT]Major diesel changes being introduced in April will 'punish hauliers' [SHOCKING] Vauxhall’s sister brand Opel created a concept in 2021, which was a reimagining of the original with a 145bhp electric motor and four-speed manual transmission. The Charlton-based company also highlighted their Vivaro-e Hydrogen with fuel cell technology in trials to follow in the UK. The light commercial vehicle has a range of up to 249 miles and refuels in just three minutes. The cargo volume is also the same as the diesel or battery electric versions of the LCV. Paul Willcox, Managing Director, Vauxhall, said: “Vauxhall is already leading the way with an all-electric van range, and now we are set to add hydrogen to the line-up as an efficient energy system of the future. “Vauxhall-Opel has more than 20 years of experience in developing hydrogen fuel technology which offers zero emissions-in-use, a long driving range and ultra-fast refuelling. “We are already in contact with UK fleet operators that want to go the extra mile on sustainability and we look forward to bringing Vivaro-e Hydrogen to the UK soon." Vauxhall is actively speaking to business customers in the UK about hydrogen fuel cell and expects right-hand drive vehicles to arrive in 2023. Sister brand Opel plans to start delivering the first left-hand drive vehicles to fleet customers in autumn/winter 2021. The Vivaro-e Hydrogen will be assembled at Vauxhall/Opel’s Research and Development Centre in Rüsselsheim, Germany. Vauxhall, alongside Total, Stellantis, Opel and Mercedes-Benz have joined together to create the “Automotive Cells Company” (ACC). With this partnership, the parties are creating a world-class player in the field of developing and producing high-performance batteries for the automotive industry. In addition, the partners announced that they would increase ACC's industrial capacity in Kaiserslautern, Germany, to up to 32 GWh.