Just after midnight, the Economic Crime Bill completed its journey through the Commons and Lords. Fast-tracked through Parliament in a single day, the legislation is set to establish a new register of overseas entities requiring foreign owners of property in the UK to declare their true identity. It will give ministers the power to go far further in imposing tough measures on those close to Vladimir Putin's regime. Britain will be able to automatically sanction those who have had their assets frozen by the EU, US or Canada. Last week the Foreign Secretary promised that if the legislation was agreed to in Parliament on Monday, she would be able to introduce new sanctions as soon as today. She is expected to use the new law to roll over EU measures taken against Russia in the last few weeks. READ MORE IN OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG "If Parliament passes the legislation by Monday the 14th of March we will be able to sanction the hundreds of individuals by next Tuesday, the 15th of March," Ms Truss said. Royal assent was granted for the Economic Crime Act in the early hours of the morning. Britain will rapidly ramp up the number of oligarchs sanctioned in the UK within a matter of just hours with more than a hundred set to have their assets frozen. Ministers are looking to keep up the pressure on the Kremlin by steadily ratcheting up measures against the Russian state and those close to its government. The UK Government has been accused of being slow in imposing sanctions on individuals connected to the Kremlin since the outbreak of war. However, officials say the UK has led the way in slapping measures on entities such as banks. DON'T MISS:Russian TV protestor hailed as ‘unflinchingly brave’ [REACTION]Putin’s ‘weak and insecure’ after ‘strongman’ image dismantled [INSIGHT]Ukraine war: Horror footage shows 'intercepted' missile [WATCH] It is thought the impact of those sanctions will see Russia default on its debts in just days. It would be the first time it has failed to meet its foreign debt obligations in more than 100 years. Ratings agency Fitch last week warned default "is imminent". If Russia fails to pay its debts on time, it will make it almost impossible for the country to borrow new money. "A default would make it increasingly difficult for Russia to find new lenders, and those who do lend to them will demand higher interest rates, leading to a further drain on the Russian economy," a US Treasury official said Monday. "Investors are paying close attention to payments coming due soon and are preparing for alternative outcomes." Russia's next big payment is tomorrow. Moscow must pay $117million in interest on dollar-denominated government bonds.