The Duke and Duchess of Sussex quit their royal duties two years ago and moved to the US, where they reside with their two children – Archie and Lilibet. Since stepping back from their roles in the Royal Family, Harry, 37, and Meghan, 40, have pursued other career paths including philanthropic work and signing deals with streaming giants Netflix and Spotify. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced their deal with Netflix in September 2020 but they are yet to produce any content for the platform. While the exact details of the deal have not been disclosed several reports have suggested it could be worth in excess of $100m (£72m). The couple also signed a major deal with Spotify, worth £18million, but their partnership yielded no content for the streaming platform in 2021. Since signing the deal, Meghan and Harry have produced just one 35-minute ‘holiday-special’ podcast episode, featuring high-profile names including Elton John and James Corden. Pauline Maclaren, co-author of Royal Fever: The British Monarchy in Consumer Culture claims the Duke and Duchess may have “over-extended” themselves when it came to signing the details. She claims that as Harry and Meghan work across a number of different projects, it's “hard to see where their focus lies”. The consumer expert notes that producing high-quality content can take an unprecedented amount of time to create. However, she adds that the couple’s failure to produce content has resulted in a level of “doubt” in the couple’s ability to deliver content at the “level and quality required” by the platforms. Ms Maclaran, who is a Professor of Marketing and Consumer Research in the School of Management at Royal Holloway, told Express.co.uk: “It does seem that Harry and Meghan may have over-extended themselves in terms of the Netflix and Spotify deals, although, of course, we have to recognise that producing content does not just happen overnight and high-quality programmes will take many months/years to generate. READ MORE: Prince Harry's discomfort evident opposite 'in her element' Meghan “However, they do seem to be involved in so much at present – building a media empire with insufficient foundations - that it’s hard to see where their focus really lies. “Certainly, there is a lot of doubt now surrounding their abilities to produce content at the level and quality required for both media outlets.” Asked whether their failure to deliver on the content could prevent them from signing further deals in the future, Prof Maclaran claims it could. She said: “I’m sure it could. It really depends on what the Netflix/Spotify executives think and whether they consider there has been a failure to deliver. “Perhaps they are willing to wait for higher quality productions. “However, I imagine they will be wondering if the couple have over-extended themselves.” DON'T MISS Prince Harry faces 'ultimate test' over UK return with Meghan [INSIGHT] Harry warned memoir bombshell could backfire if Duke attacks Camilla [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry have ‘incinerated' bridges in UK – poll results [REPORT] According to reports, Spotify was expecting content from the Sussexes last year as their company Archewell Audio hired podcast producer, Rebecca Sananes in the summer of 2021, and stated it was looking forward to sharing more content later in the year. However, there have not yet been any further announcements about specific shows or projects. Announcing their deal with Netflix, the couple said they wanted to create content that “informs but also gives hope”. One of the couple’s first projects to be announced was a docuseries about competitors involved in The Invictus Games. Prince Harry is expected to appear on camera and executive produce the series, called Heart of Invictus. Due to Covid, the games were postponed from 2020 to 2021, but will now take place from 16 to 22 April this year. Another of the projects Sussexes projects includes an animated series called Pearl, which follows the heroine “on a journey of self-discovery as she tries to overcome life’s daily challenges”, according to Meghan. In January, Netflix posted a job listing for a Los-Angeles based Production Designer for the project, suggesting that work on it should be underway. Representatives for Meghan and Harry, and Spotify were contacted by Express.co.uk Netflix declined to comment.