Mikel Arteta has admitted Arsenal should have loaned out Folarin Balogun earlier than they did and has also backed the club's decision to loan William Saliba out this season. Balogun is currently on loan at Championship side Middlesbrough after signing a six-month deal in January. The New York-born striker came through the academy at Arsenal and was prolific in front of goal at youth levels. However, he appeared out of his depth when an injury and Covid crisis led to him starting the opening game of the Premier League this season away at Brentford. Balogun made just three further appearances for Arsenal in the remainder of 2021. Despite the fallout between Arteta and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, leading to the latter leaving the club in January, Balogun was allowed to go out on loan. But Arteta says it is a decision he should have made sooner. After scoring three goals in two matches for England under-21s during the international break, Arteta was asked about the 20-year-old at his press conference on Thursday. READ MORE: Erling Haaland 'drops wage demands' after talks with Premier League clubs  He said: "I think Flo is doing what he needed to do and we probably should have done it a little bit earlier. It's always difficult to time when is the best moment to do that. "He's having the right exposure, he's playing in a different formation and different rule under a manager and a club with huge history. You can see how he's developing. "So this is giving us information and it's going to give us more detail about what the next best move for him to keep developing because he has, and we want him, to be part of our future." DON'T MISSBayern told to take 'revenge' on Granovskaia by 'helping themselves' to Havertz [TRANSFERS]Man Utd and Ajax 'have already discussed' Erik ten Hag announcement and compensation fee [REPORT]Premier League rule change would cause further issues for Man Utd, Tottenham and Arsenal [NEWS]  Arteta admitted the step up from youth and under-23 football to the Premier League was too big for Balogun and a loan was necessary. He added: "The step is too big from what he was doing to the Premier League and you could see that. "It's not fair on him to assess just in certain moments whether he can do it or not. So he needed that pathway, he needs that exposure, he needs to go through good and difficult moments, he needs to be able to adapt and find himself in a dressing room and develop the importance that is going to be required to play at this level. I think he's doing all of that really well." Arteta also discussed Saliba, who made his debut for France during the international break. Saliba has spent this season on loan at Marseille and last week suggested he would be open to staying at the French club longer term.  The centre-back made his first start for France in the 5-0 friendly win over South Africa on Tuesday after coming on as a substitute against Ivory Coast last week. Asked if he had spoken to Saliba, Arteta said: "Not since he made his debut but obviously we are really aware of what he's doing, how he's developing. "He's our player, I think we are really happy with the decision we made because again the exposure and minutes and responsibility and his growth at his age is something that we could not guarantee this season. "It makes a lot of sense what is happening with him and we are glad to see the way that he's improving." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here