Ukraine's Sergiy Stakhovsky has thanked Novak Djokovic for lifting spirits in Ukraine as the country is invaded by Russia. The retired four-time title winner has taken up arms to defend his country and received support from the world No 2. Stakhovsky has been vocal in his calls for support of his country since it was invaded by Russia. The former world No 31 had only retired at the Australian Open this year and has since left his wife and children in Hungary to return to Ukraine and join the reserves as a military volunteer. He recently admitted that he had not heard from Roger Federer or Rafael Nadal, but was sent messages of support from Djokovic after joining the fight to defend his country. “Djokovic sent me a message of support and we even had a little chat,” the four-time title winner told La Stampa last week. JUST IN: Kyrgios was defaulted and called 'idiot' by Indian Wells opponent  “I also tried to contact Federer and Nadal but without success. I am sorry that you prefer to remain silent, although I understand them. It's not their war." He later revealed what the 20-time Grand Slam champion had told him in his WhatsApp messages, which showed Djokovic asking: 'Stako, how are you man? Are you on the field? Think of you, hoping all calms down soon. 'Please let me know what would be the best address to send help, financial help, any other help as well...' Stakhovsky has now praised the Serb for showing support to him and his country, saying it had been a boost to the people of Ukraine. DON'T MISSMedvedev fires warning to Djokovic and Nadal after adjusting to No 1Osaka reduced to tears by Indian Wells heckler in Kudermetova lossNadal likens 'worst match' Indian Wells comeback to Australian Open    "I put out Novak's (message) with his permission because I know for Ukrainians, that would matter,” he said, per Eurosport. "Not all the Ukrainians would know Richard Gasquet or Lucas Pouille or Aljaz Bedene, or all the other guys, but they will see that he is supportive, that he understands that he condemns what's going on, that's the most important part - raise the spirit of the Ukrainians a bit." Praising his country's president Volodymyr Zelenskyy, he added: "Although maybe they are already high with having finally a normal president who is willing to put himself where his words are and put his life on the line alongside all the other Ukrainians." He also noted the meaning of Djokovic's message, with the 34-year-old having grown up in Belgrade while his country was bombed by Nato in 1999.  "It was, of course, special to hear messages from players," Stakhovsky said. "Novak is different because Novak lived through hell when he was young. "He completely understands what our kids are going through right now in Ukraine, when they live in the metro stations. So, you know, it's something that I wish no one would have to go through." Stakhovsky is continuing to defend his country on the ground, admitting survival mode had kicked in. "A lot of people are saying that they're waking up and hoping it was just a bad dream. But on day 16, (that) doesn't work anymore," he admitted. "First couple of days, (it's) surreal. You don't believe that it's actually happening. And the next thing you know, you get used to it and you're just trying to find a way of helping your country to actually survive."  