The Queen, who has recently recovered from a bout of Covid, had hoped to attend the important event in the royal calendar alongside the Prince of Wales, Duchess of Cornwall and Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. But on Friday Buckingham Palace announced the monarch will not join the senior royals at the event. Royal biographer Angela Levin has explained this could be due to the long walk to her seat at Westminster Abbey. Speaking to Sky News, Ms Levin said: "She still wants to prove she is the monarch and if she doesn't turn up at these places, it will be increasingly difficult for her. "Westminster Abbey isn't ideal because it's a long walk to where she would sit down. "I know that they tried to find some way around the back where they could bring her in but it didn't seem possible because there were stairs. "I think they have left it. Whether she's trying to build up her energy and strength so she can manage at the end of March, we shall have to see." READ MORE: George's godmother says close bond is 'lovely way' of honouring Diana She added: "She's not going to ever come back to Buckingham Palace, she doesn't want to live there anymore. "She loves Windsor and of course, there are memories of her and her late husband. "Apparently the journey is very uncomfortable for her from Windsor to London and I just wondered if the advert for the new helicopter pilot was actually something that could get her somewhere in a few minutes and maybe that will be easier for her and open another way of coming to the city." She last missed the service nine years ago, in 2013, while recovering from a nasty bout of gastroenteritis. Before that, the Queen had not been absent from a Commonwealth Day observance service for 20 years, the last time being when she had flu in 1993. Highlights of the service at Westminster Abbey on Monday will include an address by former archbishop Lord Sentamu, a reflection by young Tongan leader Elizabeth Kite and special musical performances from Emeli Sande and Mica Paris. Organised by the Royal Commonwealth Society, the service will feature the Queen's Commonwealth Day message. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan slammed as Sussexes 'respond to issue of the day' [INSIGHT]Meghan 'never a good fit' for Royal Family duties as it's 'all others' [VIDEO]Prince Andrew set to 'bank-rolled' by Queen for the 'rest of his life' [ANALYSIS] The service would have been the Queen's first major public appearance since reaching her Platinum Jubilee milestone in February. Her decision not to attend is likely to be interpreted as a precautionary measure by royal commentators, and a practical move, rather than a new health issue. With the Queen due to celebrate her 96th birthday in less than six weeks, maintaining her comfort is a consideration and it is understood she has been pacing herself, although she was keen to do what work she could during her bout of Covid. Commonwealth Day has not been celebrated in person since 2020, when the Duke and Duchess of Sussex made their last public appearance with senior members of the royal family before moving to North America.