The small nation, which is run by close Putin ally Alexander Lukashenko, is referred to by some as Europe’s last dictatorship. Belarus is closely aligned with Russian ambitions over Ukraine and has seen Russian troops invade its southern neighbour from its territory.  The move by the World Trade Organisation (WTO) will come as a severe financial blow to the country, which also depends heavily on imports from Russia. Reporting the news on Twitter, Eastern European news agency Nexta said: “The World Trade Organisation stops consideration of Belarus’ application for its accession.” “We have decided Belarus is not suitable for WTO membership”, according to a document seen by Nexta. The rejection came as several key players within the organisation became concerned about the role Belarus is playing in the Russian invasion of Ukraine.  The US, European Union and a dozen other WTO members announced on Thursday they believe Belarus, a key Russian ally, is “unfit” for membership to the organisation and will formally oppose its accession. The full statement read: “We have concluded Belarus is unfit for WTO membership. “We will not further consider its application for accession.” Most major economies have condemned Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, and many have imposed significant economic consequences on Moscow. These have included pledging to revoke the country’s most-favoured-nation treatment, a core WTO tenet which holds that all members should be given the same baseline access to other members’ markets.  READ MORE:Putin allies: The 4 countries standing behind Russia As Russia’s main military ally, Belarus has also garnered negative attention, with these WTO members previously asserting they would no longer engage in Minsk’s accession negotiations. A statement by the WTO said: “We will take any actions, as WTO Members, we each consider necessary to protect our essential security interests. “These may include actions in support of Ukraine or actions to suspend concessions or other obligations with respect to the Russian Federation, such as the suspension of most-favoured-nation treatment to products and services of the Russian Federation.” Now, these members have declared they will go a step further. Much like joining the European Union, the WTO has a strict selection process. Accession requires consensus agreement from WTO members for the country seeking to join to become a full member.  DON'T MISS:'Putin's poodles' Le Pen savaged for 'playing Russian's game' [REPORT]ASDA kicks carer out as they 'don't like way he shops' [REVEAL]UK gas prices SOAR as Putin demands payment in roubles [INSIGHT] While some members have required significant negotiations in order to accede, including China in 2001, opposition to accession is very unusual and speaks to the ongoing unprecedented steps many WTO members are taking to punish Russia and Belarus for the war in Ukraine. Along with the United States and the European Union, the communication includes Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Norway, the United Kingdom, Japan, Korea, Iceland, North Macedonia, Albania, Montenegro and Ukraine. Moldova was a signatory to the group’s previous statement about not engaging in Belarus’ accession negotiations but is not listed on this one. The group calls out Belarus for “enabling” Russia’s attack, which the countries characterised as “an egregious violation of international law, the United Nations Charter and fundamental principles of international peace and security”.  The opposing group said: “We must ensure those who do not support the rules-based international order cannot benefit from it. “We condemn Belarus for its complicity in Russia's aggression, which is incompatible with the values and principles of the WTO and of a just rules-based order.” The communication also cites the “fraudulent” 2020 election in Belarus as well as Belarusian President Lukashenko’s “violent repression of peaceful protesters, which included imprisonment, beatings, and torture”. It ended: “We urge Belarus to abide by its international obligations and to return to the rules-based international order.” 