The sprawling villa in Malta that the Queen and Prince Philip used to live in went on sale in 2019 for just over £5million. The royals lived at Villa Guardamangia, a palazzo-style mansion located on the outskirts of the Maltese capital Valletta during the early years of their marriage. At the time, Prince Philip leased the home from his uncle, Earl Mountbatten. Estate agents Homes of Quality put the property on the market for €5.95million, equating to roughly £5.3million. With six bedrooms, three bathrooms, a grand 'sala nobile' living room, plus "various guest/servant quarters," the 1,560 square metre villa has "great historical value," according to the estate agents. Despite the price, its opulence faded into dilapidation during recent decades. Images have shown overgrown gardens and a weathered façade since the Queen and her late husband left the property.  READ MORE: Aldi’s sell-out log burner with over 800 five star reviews is back Her Majesty always spoke fondly about her love of the Mediterranean country. As a newlywed before her coronation, Princess Elizabeth was a Royal Navy wife who lived in Malta between 1949 and 1951. Meanwhile, Prince Philip served on HMS Chequers with the Royal Navy Mediterranean Fleet. The newlyweds were able to experience life as a relatively ordinary couple before the Queen took the throne in 1952.  During a trip to Malta in 2015, she recalled: "Visiting Malta is always very special for me. “I remember happy days here with Prince Philip when we were first married.” She and the Duke were also presented with a watercolour picture of Villa Guardamangia by former Maltese President Marie Louise Coleiro. Lady Pamela Hicks, one of the Queen's bridesmaids, previously explained why Her Majesty fell in love with Malta. “The Princess really loved Malta because she was able to lead a normal life, wander through the town and do some shopping,” she told the Daily Mail.  “It was the only place that she was able to live the life of a naval officer's wife, just like all the other wives.” However, the Queen no longer owns any properties abroad. The Queen has an impressive portfolio of royal homes across the UK, including Buckingham Palace in London and Balmoral Castle in Scotland, but no longer owns any abroad. While the British Empire used to own many regal homes across the world, over the years this has been scaled right back and currently, the Crown Estate holds only UK residences.  Although the Queen is head of state for Commonwealth countries, when she goes on overseas tours she will reside in other homes not belonging to Her Majesty. Out of all of the Queen's stunning homes, she only owns two privately. These are Sandringham House where she usually stays at Christmas time, and Balmoral Castle which is used for summer holidays. Other royals do have houses overseas though, as Prince Harry and Meghan Markle relocated to the US. Also, Prince Charles has a farmhouse in Viscri, a small village in Transylvania. 