Filming for ITV's remake of The Darling Buds Of May is scheduled to start in just over six weeks. However, the bosses of the comedy-drama are allegedly in a "race against time" to rescue the second series after actress Sabrina Bartlett, who portrays Mariette Larkin, left the cast. A source close to The Larkins has claimed the situation has "really has turned into quite a mess". Filming for a new season of the ITV hit show The Larkins, which stars Bradley Walsh and Joanna Scanlan, is due to commence at the end of April. However, it is understood bosses have not yet found a replacement actress to fill Sabrina's shoes. Sabrina, who played the eldest daughter ITV's reboot of 1991's Darling Buds of May, quit the show after an "on-set disagreement", according to The Daily Mail. The 30-year-old star's publicist told the publication in recent weeks "scheduling clashes" were the reason for her departure. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Liv Flaherty discovers she’s pregnant? Sources have claimed the Bridgerton actress' departure from the series "caught producers by surprise". Her exit comes after the star said she loved working on the show where she played the role which landed Catherine Zeta Jones's career back in the 1990s. She even described her colleagues on the series as "family" while promoting the show last autumn. However, since her shock exit, a source close to The Larkins told the Daily Mail: "Filming is due to begin in a little over six weeks, but the latest is that Sabrina hasn't been replaced yet.  "It really has turned into quite a mess. It is all very sad, especially because everyone loved Sabrina and she absolutely enjoyed working on the show so much. "She would shout about it at every opportunity, she would post on social media to try to get people to watch it." The source exclaimed the actress who will replace Sabrina has "big shoes to fill". Express.co.uk has contacted ITV for comment. Following the news of her exit, Sabrina has been spotted running along the beach in East Sussex close to where her parents live. DON'T MISS...The Larkins star Sabrina Bartlett 'quits ITV show'  [LATEST]The Larkins Christmas special cast: Who stars in the festive special? [EXPLAINER]Bradley Walsh wants to be 'more like his son' as he opens up on bond [UPDATE]  There has been no announcement about Sabrina's working commitments following her ITV exit. Sabrina is reportedly holding talks with ITV and has split from the agency which represented her following the reported argument. The Larkins, which aired on Sunday evenings, often drew an audience of about five million viewers. Speaking ahead of the series launch last year, Sabrina said she was excited for viewers to see the show.    The star explained: "I never feel like I am equal. I always feel like, ‘Gosh, I can’t believe I’ve got the job, and I am working with these people.’ ­Especially if they are big names. "I’m very clumsy, I am quite goofy, and I find it really hard to express myself or sometimes to even get the words out. So I overcompensate. Sometimes it’s a bit of a panic. “Especially when it’s with other people of such high calibre, and you want to impress them or just do a good job and be liked." The Larkins is available to stream on ITV Hub now.  