The cost of living is becoming exponentially high, but everyone can make small changes to cut their energy costs. Due to the crisis caused by ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, UK energy bills could hit over £3,000. The price cap will increase by a significant £693 from April, from £1,277 to £1,971. The 54 percent increase will likely be followed by another hike in October. Emma Pinchbeck, chief executive of Energy UK, said: "It's a really worrying time for both customers and industry. "We've been saying since the autumn that we'd expect bills to go up again in October. READ MORE: Prince George is not ‘a spoiled child’ - expert analysis “With what we're seeing in Ukraine and in the oil and gas markets, we're now expecting those to go up further." The expert predicted that "you can expect bills to be anywhere between £2,500 and £3,000 in October depending on the tariffs people have and what happens in the market,” as reported by the BBC. Fuel poverty charity National Energy Action foretold that 8.5 million households may be unable to heat their homes. Caroline Abrahams, Age UK’s charity director, stated: “Energy price rises have pushed older people’s budgets to breaking point, with many going without heating for weeks over the winter." There are a few simple things that everyone can do to reduce costs. Lowering the thermostat by just one degree can reduce bills by around £80-£85. People should be more mindful of electricity when they leave the house, adjusting central heating timers to switch off at night and when the house is empty. For rooms such as bedrooms that are typically empty during the day, radiators can be adjusted to the lowest setting without turning it off completely. Another top tip is to fit reflective foil behind radiators on external walls to reduce the rate of heat loss in each room. Energy savers can pop to the supermarket for rolls of foil that cost as little as 65p. Lowering the temperature of the washing machine is another eco-friendly method of reducing electricity bills. Drying racks are much more money conscious than tumble dryers, so make a habit of using these more often for drying clothes. Those who opt to stick to the dryer should clean its filter first to improve energy efficiency. Tackle draughts with a draft-excluding cushion to put in front of doors, and combat draughty windows, doors, chimneys, floorboards, skirting boards and loft hatches with draught excluder strips or expanding foam fillers, saving up to £25 per year. Using LED bulbs is a simple way to save £7 per year in running costs, and cut £180 from energy bills. Something many forget to do is to turn appliances off at the power as opposed to standby, as this easy hack could save £55 per year. For a more expensive yet long term solution to rising energy costs, opt for roof insulation, as one third of heat disappears through the top of the house. Which? discovered that a roof insulation investment could save homeowners £215 in energy bills.