Millions of people in the UK anticipated Wednesday’s Spring Statement to find out which measures were going to be implemented to fight against the escalating cost of living crisis. However, at no point during his statement did Chancellor Rishi Sunak lay out his plans to support pensioners. Pensioners could be facing a real-terms cut in their income thanks to rising inflation and the cost of living crisis, paired with a watered down increase to the state pension. Kevin Mountford, Co-founder of Raisin UK, believes the Chancellor should have done more to support Britain’s pensioners. He said: “Sunak was awfully quiet about pensions in the Spring Budget announcement this week.” The Government made a controversial decision last year to temporarily suspend the state pension triple lock policy for the 2022/23 tax year. READ MORE: Couple loses £77,000 in ‘devastating’ scam - Lloyds Bank issues warning This denied pensioners an increase to their state pension of more than eight percent, as the earnings link was removed from the policy. Instead, a 3.1 percent increase will be implemented in April 2022, in line with inflation to September 2021. The full new state pension currently sits at a value of £179.60 per week, while the full basic state pension is worth £137.60. An increase of 3.1 percent will mean the full new state pension rises to £185.15 and the full basic state pension will be worth £141.85. DON'T MISSPOLL: Are you more or less likely to vote for Boris after Sunak's Spring Statement? VOTE [POLL]National Insurance: The exact age you can stop paying National Insurance [INSIGHT]New savings account offering 'highly competitive interest rate' launches this week [SAVINGS]  This means recipients of the full new state pension will get an extra £288.60 across the course of the upcoming tax year, while full basic state pension recipients will receive an additional £221. However, inflation currently sits at 6.2 percent, double the amount the state pension will rise by. Pensioners could therefore be losing money in real terms, despite their state pension increasing. Mr Mountford said: “Pensions were left weaker last year as the Government abandoned the pensions triple lock.    “The policy would have meant pensions would increase in line with inflation or average wage growth, or 2.5 percent if those are both lower. “With the cost-of-living increasing, and inflation soaring, this would hugely benefit pensioners across the country who are usually hard hit by economic pain. “The Government pledged to bring it back but the Chancellor made no announcement about its return in the budget, leaving pensioners in limbo at the policy.” Mr Mountford explained that although some pensioners received positive news in the Spring Statement regarding income tax, not everyone will reap the benefits. He said: “Some pensioners will benefit from the changes announced in the Budget, such as the 19 percent reduction in income tax. “This income tax reduction will help pensioners who get taxed when their total annual income adds up to more than their Personal Allowance. “But this reduction doesn’t come into action until 2024 which will mean financial worries will remain for quite some time. “Ultimately, once again, pensioners are feeling let down by the Government with their questions remaining unanswered.”