Roman Kemp, 29, has candidly shared how he’s struggled with his mental health throughout his life. The Capital Radio presenter admitted he found himself in a “really bad way” despite everything going really well for him professionally. Roman shared how one of his toughest times came a few years ago for him. He told media including Express.co.uk: “I had a really bad time around 2019. Everything was going right for me. “I think I was getting ready to go to I’m A Celeb and do shows like that, “I’d done Gogglebox, I was doing the radio show, I’ve got this life that’s all fun. “One day it just hit me like that and I just remember it’s like a professional boxer inside your head, beating up your brain and you’ve not had a boxing lesson.  “You’re kind of like, ‘how do I even fight back? What do I do?’ “I just remember being sat in my pants on the floor in my bedroom and just crying in a really bad way.” Roman went on to admit he experienced suicidal thoughts at this time. He added: “I was lucky enough that I had my mum call me and pull me out of this thing.”  The presenter went on to add how lucky he felt to have his friends and family around him. Elsewhere in the chat, Roman also opened up about his parent's initial reaction to his mental health. The star candidly admitted that his dad, singer Martin Kemp, struggled at first to understand. He added: “When I was around 15, I had a lot of characteristics that people can brush aside as puberty. “But at that time my mum was very much up on it. “And she was someone who was very much like, ‘I want you to tell me how you feel when you say that you don't want to talk to someone.’ “I used to come downstairs in the morning and I remember my dad used to get so frustrated because he’d be like, ‘Why are you not chirpy? DON'T MISS...'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid reacts to Ranvir Singh's replacement on GMB [UPDATE]Mark Labbett says The Chase USA dropped him for 'no reason' [LATEST] “‘Why are you saying how are you? Why are you not asking me what my day is?’ “And the honest answer is I didn't want to interact, I didn't want a chat at all. “I didn't want to talk to anyone and I felt like I was waking up with this grey cloud over my head.” He continued: “Instantly my mum was like, ‘No, no, no, I want to take you to the doctor.’ “That’s because, in my mum's family, depression was there as one of her brothers suffered from depression and so did her dad. “So she was quite up on it and quite worried. And so you know, we did some tests and the doctor ended up kind of diagnosing me with depression and that's when I started my medication and therapy.”  The star was speaking amid the launch of on-demand mental health services from Boots. These are hoping to help tackle some of the backlogs in the NHS by providing alternative ways to access support. Some of the services available include online consultations, virtual cognitive behavioural therapy and support rooms via the Boots.com website. If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website here. 