Prince William's condemnation of the slave trade "pleased" Keith Rowley, however, Mr Rowley believes the Duke of Cambridge has to offer "some reparation to the people who were wronged" by slavery. The Caribbean Prime Minister said: "Recently I was very pleased to hear Prince William say that he acknowledged that slavery was wrong and that the British government, the British people, have some responsibility in that piece of unforgettable history. "I was pleased to hear a member of the Royal Household in the United Kingdom. "But tonight, I want to say to Prince William, having said that, I believe you. "But I will believe you more if you do what you must now do, which is the offer of some reparation to the people who were wronged in the way that you have acknowledged." Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here The politician also said: "It is not sufficient to say that 'I acknowledge it,' but not to seek to help those who were harmed by it." Mr Rowley's remarks were made on March 28, during an event organised by his party - People's National Movement - ahead of the Spiritual Shouter Baptist Liberation Day. This day is a national holiday in Trinidad and Tobago and marks the repeal of the Shouter Prohibition Ordinance which, between 1917 and 1951, barred the nation from practising the Shouter or Spiritual Baptist faith. Trinidad and Tobago is a former British colony which gained independence from the UK in 1962. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Queen have allowed Prince Andrew to escort her? The country continued to recognise the Queen as its head of state for a little more than a decade. In 1976, Trinidad and Tobago severed its ties with the sovereign and appointed its first president. Nevertheless, the nation is a member of the Commonwealth. Mr Rowley's comment came a few days after Prince William branded slavery "abhorrent" in an address he delivered during a reception at King's House in Jamaica. Referring to a speech delivered by Prince Charles in November, when he travelled to Barbados to see the nation become a republic, the Duke said: I strongly agree with my father, The Prince of Wales, who said in Barbados last year that the appalling atrocity of slavery forever stains our history. "I want to express my profound sorrow. "Slavery was abhorrent, and it should never have happened." The speech was made on March 23, the day after a protest took place near the British High Commission in Jamaica with activists calling for an apology and reparations for the slave trade from the UK Government and the Royal Family. Reparations would be a matter for the UK Government to discuss. In 2015, then Prime Minister David Cameron ruled out making reparations during a visit to Jamaica, where he - much like the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge - faced calls to apologise for the UK's historic role in the slave trade. Addressing MPs in Jamaica's Parliament, he described slavery as "abhorrent in all its forms". He added: "I do hope that, as friends who have gone through so much together since those darkest of times, we can move on from this painful legacy and continue to build for the future." Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William toured Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas between March 19 and 26. Their visit was marred with protests, calls for slavery reparations and a few PR misfires. Moreover, during a meeting with Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness, the Cambridges appeared to have received notice the country is ready to become a republic as the politician said the nation was "moving on". However, Kate and William were also received with warmth by crowds of hundreds of people in all the three nations.