A staggering £74million is unaccounted for in prize winnings since Premium Bonds were first launched in the 1950s. The April draw is just a few days away, but savers could already be sitting on a cash prize. In two day’s time the NS&I Premium Bond millionaires will be announced for April. The Government-backed savings provider makes the draw on the first day of every month - a day that is eagerly anticipated by many Britons. The draw reveals two new millionaires each month, and many others win cash prizes of £25 and upwards. Everyone has an equal chance of winning - although people with more bonds are able to maximise their chances. READ MORE: Britons risk missing out on £150 Council Tax rebate - act now However, more than two million Premium Bond prizes worth £74million in total remain unclaimed. Anyone who has bought Premium Bonds since they were first launched in the 1950s is being urged to check. Some of the unclaimed prizes date back to when the scheme first started in 1957. People could be owed any amount of money from £25 up to £100,000. DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis: A little-known way to pay for dentistry and opticians [UPDATE]Pensioner explains simple way she earns £2,000 a month [INSIGHT]Cost of living: Pensioners urged to claim £3,000 DWP benefit [ALERT]  Although winners are usually notified when they’ve won, sometimes it’s impossible to track people down if they’ve forgotten to update their details. Unclaimed money is kept indefinitely so there’s no time limit to how long people can claim. The easiest way to check is on the NS&I website, or by asking Alexa or downloading the app. Winners are announced on the first day of every month. In March, the first Premium Bonds jackpot winner came from Devon, with the winning bond number of 170MY806167. The second £1million winner came from Cheshire and had a winning bond number of 276RS522196. Cash prizes are tax-free, which is one reason Premium Bonds are so popular. As they are backed by the Government, they are also considered a safe option for savings. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Some people think that some parts of the UK are luckier than others. Six people from the South West won the £1million jackpot last year. In 2021, the South West scooped 25 percent of the £1million jackpots. That’s despite the fact that they owned just 12.9 percent oto start with.