Tim Fuzz, host of the car restoration show said classic cars were a “different kettle of fish” as historic vehicle owners tended to use their cars less. He claimed traditionally, owners of older cars would do a “miniscule” amount of driving which would not warrant any extra fees. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “The honest truth is most people who love classic cars probably drive 100 miles a year. “Hardly anything at all. “It's the project, I think in most classic car owners the love affair they have with it. “That’s 80 percent of it. READ MORE: Classic cars to receive ‘100 percent discount’ for car tax changes “The actual driving is absolutely miniscule. “I don't have a problem with people converting them to EVs. “But I don't think the Government should see them and tax them in the same way they tax modern cars. People commute to work and back in and sit in traffic for two hours or four hours every day. “It's a completely different kettle of fish.” DON'T MISSCar tax rules should be changed to allow more classics into cities [INSIGHT]New car tax changes affecting petrol and diesel cars was a ‘success’ [COMMENT]Classic car owners should not face some car tax fees [ANALYSIS] Drivers can currently apply for a historic tax exemption if their cars are older than 40 years old. From April 1 2021, cars built before January 1 1981 have not needed to pay tax fees as long as owners apply for an exemption. This historic tax class means drivers do not pay traditional Vehicle Excise Duty (VED) fees. Many city-wide Clean Air Zone charges also allow classic cars as long as they have a historic tax exemption class in place. However, your vehicle will not be exempt from fees if its use for hire or rewards such as a taxi. Exemptions will also not apply if a historic vehicle is used commercially for a trade or business. Last year, campaigners attempted to lower the tax exemption age for models built in the past 30 years. However, the proposal was not taken forward by the Government despite receiving thousands of signatures.