Booking a holiday can be stressful and passengers often rush to secure the best prices with Ryanair. Unfortunately this could mean they make an error on their booking. A simple spelling mistake on a name on a booking could cost passengers a small fortune with Ryanair. Passengers could be charged £115 at the airport if they need to change the name on a flight booking. However, there’s a simple way that passengers can avoid paying if they make a spelling mistake on a booking. Ryanair will allow passengers to amend a mistake for free within 48 hours of making the booking. READ MORE: Ryanair customer shares luggage hack - save £50 It states: “Don’t worry, customers who have booked their flight directly on the Ryanair.com website have a 48 hour grace period from the time of original booking, to correct any minor errors free of charge.” Ryanair customers should make sure to check their booking as the best time to fix errors is within the first 48 hours. If passengers miss the 48 grace period, they can still amend the name on a booking up to two hours before the flight departs. However, they may have to pay for the privilege. Passengers can correct a booking with spelling mistakes of up to three letters for free on the Ryanair website up to 48 hours before travel. Ryanair states: “Passenger names can be changed up to two hours before the flight is scheduled to depart. “You can correct spelling mistakes of up to three characters per name free of charge through the My Booking section up to 48 hours before scheduled departure. “Further changes will incur a fee, starting at £115 via self-service online. If you wish to have an agent do these changes for you - this can be done at an increased price.” Charges could be as much as £160 if name changes need to be made through a travel agent. Ryanair passengers should take care when making their booking to avoid any unwanted charges at a later date. It’s best to make any changes within the first 48 hours of booking if passengers want to avoid a fee. Middle names will not need to be changed if there is only a one letter spelling error on the booking. Ryanair adds: “While booking a flight, we advise customers to enter names as they appear on their passport or travel documentation. “If a customer has booked in their maiden/married name and updates their names in their passport between booking a flight and the date of travel, we ask you to show proof of the name change (generally a copy of your marriage licence) and this will be amended free of charge.” Ryanair is one of the UK’s cheapest airline options which means there can be a few unexpected extra charges. Tourists will also need to pay extra to bring a cabin bag to put in an overhead locker as well as to secure a seat with fellow travellers. However, prices for Ryanair flights are very low which means it can still be cheaper than other airlines.