Last weekend royal fans were delighted to spot Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge in the stands of Twickenham Stadium cheering on their respective teams in the Six Nations England v Wales match. The Cambridge's were joined by their eldest child Prince George, nine, who looked delighted to be spending time with his parents at the sporting fixture. Since the moment he was born in 2013, the world has been aware of Prince George's future role as King. And it seems Prince William is gradually preparing his eldest son for this huge responsibility, based on analysis of the father and son's recent outing. But as well as being a mentor to his son, it is clear William and George are "proper pals" too, according to a body language expert. Body language expert Judi James told Express.co.uk: "There’s something that is so familiar in many father/son relationships here, and that is the way they gradually evolve from the father as a protective figure with his younger son to those moments when the pair show signs of being proper pals, enjoying sharing moments as friends as well as the parent and child relationship. READ MORE: Prince George’s rumoured new school  "William has always seemed keen to keep his eldest son close to his side and to initiate him steadily into his future role of King by sharing his own experiences, to provide some empathetic coaching." Based on their recent outing, it appears William is teaching George by example, acting as a "role model" for his young son. Ms James added: "In a unique position to understand the challenges and pressures, William has been very strongly bonded to George in terms of tactile behaviour as well as acting as a role model. "William is a man who not only clearly understands the problems of previous generations but the ways in which they can be avoided.  "Introducing his son to his beloved sports like football and rugby, William also sounded very focused on the beneficial effects on things like mental health." During Saturday's match, George and William were pictured chatting about the mechanics of the game, as well as pointing out things that unfolded before them on the pitch. But the father/son duo were also seen sharing many laughs and smiling at each other, suggesting the pair have a solid bond. Ms James explained: "At the Six Nations rugby this year there are so many more signals of a friendship vibe as well as a father/son relationship, with William and George sharing moments and conversations more as equals. DON'T MISS:Prince George shows playful rivalry with Kate in rare engagement [INSIGHT]The bizarre reason Prince Charles was almost not a Prince [ANALYSIS]Royal fans go wild over Prince George's resemblance to Diana [PICTURES]  "It’s as though they’re enjoying each other’s company in a much more even way here, although the way William’s mouth muscles and facial features pucker in a suppressed smile define him as still every inch the proud dad too." Over the years, William and Kate's love for their three children has been plainly obvious, with the proud parents often mentioning their children during royal engagements. Although Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis rarely accompany their parents on royal visits, when they do, the family's happiness is often commented upon. And by shielding them from the public eye as much as possible, it can be argued Kate and William are trying to allow their children to have the most normal childhood possible despite being members of the Royal Family. 