More than three million pets found homes in the UK during the COVID-19 lockdowns, of which 70 percent were dogs. However, there are a number of things to consider when owning a dog that all owners should be aware of. These include regulations around buying and selling. Solicitor Hannah Costley, from law firm Slater Heelis, has outlined some of the legal details owners must know. Ms Costley said: "When buying a dog it is important to ensure you can trust where it has come from and that it has been bred in an environment where the welfare of the puppy and mother is protected." Lucy’s Law came into effect in 2020. It is otherwise known as the Animal Welfare (Licensing of Activities Involving Animals) (England) (Amendment) Regulations 2019. It requires all breeders to be licensed with their local authority; puppies to be bred by the breeder and not imported from elsewhere and to be sold where they were born.  The law also states puppies should be at least eight weeks old before they are sold with the breeder showing buyers the puppy and its mother interacting before sale. Ms Costley said: "If the person or place you’re buying your puppy from doesn’t meet all of the above criteria, then avoid them. "This law was brought in to help stop inhumane puppy farms where profits are put before the health and safety of the animals involved." There are also rules around who gets to keep a pet when a relationship ends.  READ MORE ABOUT A DERAILED TRAIN IN NEWCASTLE Ms Costley said: "Breakups are never easy, but one thing that can be quite difficult is settling who gets custody of any pets in the event of a separation. "Perhaps, like many others, you got a dog together over lockdown, or your partner gifted you a puppy for Christmas. "All of these things can inform the outcome in the event that custody of the pet is disputed." The law in Britain classifies pets as chattels, which effectively treats them the same as any other possession.  DON'T MISS: Woman looks for man - 10 yrs after tattooing name on bum [REVEALED] Dad's fury at being fined after football fans park outside his home [LATEST] 'They're getting cross!' Prince William and Kate in stitches [REPORT] If an agreement cannot be reached by both parties, who takes the pet during separation will be decided based on the circumstances surrounding ownership of the animal. This could include who paid for it, who looks after it the most and whether it was a gift. Ms Costley said: "As courts will want to avoid getting involved in animal ownership disputes, the ideal course of action for both parties is to discuss the issue together and try to reach an amicable agreement, which could even include joint custody." Dogs are well known for being "man's best friend", but some can turn on people as well as other hounds.  The Dangerous Dogs Act (1991) relates to specific breeds, bred for fighting and their aggressive traits. It applies to situations in which any dog either attacks a person or someone has reason to believe a dog is likely to attack them. Technically, it is not an offence for one dog to attack another unless it is a guide dog, in which case it could carry a three-year prison sentence. There may still have been an offence committed if the owner of the dog which was attacked did not intervene due to fear of being injured in the process. However, a farmer is allowed to kill your dog if it is worrying their livestock. Ms Costley said: "This act sets out the dog owner's responsibility to keep their pet under 'proper control'.  "Failure to do so where your dog causes injury carries a maximum prison sentence of five years. If the injured person dies, the sentence can be as high as 14 years." Finally, when it comes to dogs causing a nuisance by barking, this is treated in the same way as any noise complaint by a local authority. In the event of a complaint, a council will investigate and will most likely issue an informal warning letter, notifying the owner of the complaint. Ms Costley said: "If this doesn’t resolve the issue, the council may serve a Noise Abatement Notice or Community Protection Notice. "There is a 21 day period to appeal against this, however, if the barking continues, the owner may be prosecuted under the Environmental Protection Act or have a civil injunction issued against them in circumstances in which the owner has refused to comply with previous warnings." Breaking a Community Protection Notice can result in a fine of up to £2,500 while offences under the Environmental Protection Act or breaking civil injunctions can result in jail time and an unlimited fine. 