Mr Macron has had more contact with Putin than any other western leader, with the two men having spoken at least a dozen times in the last month. The French President’s latest contact with his Russian counterpart came on Saturday during a 75-minute call in which he demanded the Kremlin strongman halt his ongoing invasion of Ukraine, which began last month. Professor Michael Bruter, director of the Electoral Psychology Observatory, told Express.co.uk that the French President has a key role in the crisis after his fellow EU heavyweight Mrs Merkel’s 16-year stint as German Chancellor came to an end last year. He said: “The UK is not really a contender here. Also, Merkel is no longer in power. “She was the most senior leader in terms of experience, in terms of the time she had been in power. “She was also a very respected voice within the EU. “Italy is still in a fragile situation in a number of ways. “Macron within the EU is the most visible and audible leader by any standard and it shows.” Mr Macron hosted EU leaders at Versailles on Thursday and Friday to discuss energy and defence policy amid the war in Ukraine. Earlier this month Brussels said it was studying Ukraine’s bid to join the 27-nation bloc, with Mr Zelensky having reiterated his accession calls since Russia’s invasion. However, at the two-day summit, Mr Macron dented Kyiv’s hopes of Ukraine becoming part of the bloc during the war. The French President told reporters: “With a country at war? DON'T MISS: Russia 'does not understand trouble it is in' after Ukraine secures game-changing weapon [LATEST]Putin's terrifying psychological traits assessed: 'Hostility, narcissism, risk-taking' [INSIGHT]Archaeologists stunned by ancient 'death mask' found in Mexican temple [ANALYSIS] “I don’t think so … Must we close the door and say ‘never’? That would be unjust.” Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte also confirmed there was not a quick route into the EU as he said: “There is no such thing as a fast track. “I want to focus on what we can do for Volodymyr Zelensky tonight, tomorrow, and EU accession of Ukraine is something for the long term, if at all.” Professor Bruter claimed that France having the EU presidency helped Mr Macron cultivate an image of strong leadership. He said: “Macron has been delivering exactly on exactly what he says and in a sense, he is perceived as the dominant leader. “There is partly a coincidence of the calendar, which is that France has the presidency of the EU at the moment. “By definition, the summit was taking place in France and the agenda was dominated by France.” The expert also suggested that Brexit had allowed Mr Macron to take more of the limelight in the EU. He said: “The fact that the UK has left the EU means that there is one less contender for headlines.”