 Nick features in Ukraine: How YOU Can Help on Channel 5 tonight at 9pm. Presented by Jeremy Vine, the show sees Nick, Ben Fogle, Jane McDonald and Susan Calman shine a spotlight on the inspiring shows of support for Ukraine across the country. The programme will also provide information about the DEC Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal, which was launched on March 3. The appeal will help raise funds for those who have been forced to flee their homes in Ukraine, with Russia’s invasion predicted to trigger the biggest refugee crisis this century. Nick is best known for having fronted a number of BBC screens, most notably DIY SOS, which he first presented in 1999. The much-loved home renovation series sees Nick help transform the homes and lives of families across the UK. Though Nick had been the face of the franchise since it began, his continued involvement was called into question last year when the presenter reportedly found himself in breach of strict advertising rules set by BBC bosses. Read More: The Royle Family: Where are the cast now?  The 58-year-old was in trouble with the BBC after he featured in a Shreddies advert. In the advert, Nick played a jobbing builder, which reportedly went against the broadcaster’s ban on television talent trading off their on-screen personas. A source claimed to the Sun last May: “Nick is in absolute torment about the whole situation because he loves the Beeb. “But they have very strict guidelines when it comes to their talent and advertising and he has already broken them by filming the ads. But Shreddies don’t want to pull the campaign.  “While Nick is technically a free agent, he appears to have used his connection to DIY SOS in the advert, which is totally out of order in the eyes of the BBC.” The source also claimed that Nick had been handed an ultimatum by the BBC. At the time, in a joint statement from the BBC and the presenter, the MailOnline were told: “Both the BBC and Nick are keen to resolve this matter and are working together to seek a solution”. However, despite all the tough talk, Shreddies continued running the advert and Nick was allowed to stay on fronting DIY SOS. Don't Miss:Rhod Gilbert was dogged by 'shyness' before replacing Nick Knowles[OPINION]Nick Knowles revealed hilarious Prince Harry quip on DIY SOS set[INSIGHT]Royal spat after Nick Knowles attacked BBC's 'drivel' analysis[ANALYSIS]  He was only taken off air for the one-off DIY SOS Children in Need Special, which Rhod Gilbert took over. Nick put his legions of fans at ease by confirming that he would be returning to the show. He told the Sun amid rumours he may be axed: “I have always said that DIY SOS is more than just a presenting job for me, it’s part of me. “It has my heart and working for the BBC for over 22 years is something I have never taken for granted.  “I will continue filming new episodes of DIY SOS over the coming months and will be back on your screens with the purple shirts next year.” The BBC and Nick subsequently released a joint statement which read: “Both Nick and the BBC have resolved the issue recently reported relating to Nick’s commercial agreement and BBC guidelines. “With the campaign still running, Nick will step back from the DIY SOS Children in Need special this year but will be back on our screens in 2022.” As expected in November Nick was absent from the DIY SOS Children In Need special, with comedian Rhod Gilbert taking the much-loved presenter’s place. Nick was absent for the first time in the show’s 22-year history.  However, the star reiterated in an interview with Lorraine Kelly that he would be returning to the series in 2022. He said: “Yes, I’ve already shot one. Rhod Gilbert very nicely stepped in and did Children in Need for me. “I thought he did a great job, a really good job. “He was properly emotionally involved with it.” Ukraine: How YOU Can Help will air on Channel 5 tonight at 9pm.