Traffic warden slapped Danny Wilson's car with the ticket, even though he was unable to park in his usual spot outside his property in Fenton, Stoke-on-Trent. It was so busy because Stoke City FC were playing Blackpool in the EFL Championship at the nearby bet365 Stadium. Mr Wilson, who has lived on the street for eight years, is calling on his council to make the road permit-parking only on Stoke City matchdays. The 46-year-old dad has appealed his fine. Speaking to Stoke-on-Trent Live, Mr Wilson said: "I was furious. Normally it’s a nice and quiet road. Whenever Stoke are playing at home it’s a nightmare and dangerous. They are parking everywhere. They have got no respect and are parked on the corners everywhere and I’ve never seen a ticket on their cars. "I went around the block four times and there was nowhere close where I could park. I’ve got a nice BMW and I’m not going to have it damaged because Stoke are playing. I suffer from severe arthritis in my hip and I can’t walk great distances because it does cause a lot of pain. The whole area was rammed."   More than 26,000 people attended Stoke's clash with Blackpool earlier this month. Official parking near the stadium costs up to £10 on matchdays. Mr Wilson continued: "Fans know that if they car share it’s cheaper to pay a parking fine than to park at the bet365 Stadium and that’s just messed up. I can understand where they are coming from but why should all the residents suffer so they could go to watch a game? My neighbour is a very old bloke and he shouldn't be walking miles to park. It was a nice day so it pulled even more people out to watch the match. "The parking was worse than normal. There’s a car park and it was completely busy, there was nowhere we could park. The council there was a little bit of a dropped kerb on the path, and that I was blocking it. "This fine is insulting. It’s really disgusting. I think the only way they could get around it is having a permit only unless they have someone surveying the area when Stoke are due to play."  Stoke-on-Trent City Council, controlled by the Conservative Party, said the BMW had "blocked the tactile dropped kerb" and so was issued with a penalty notice. But Mr Wilson is determined not to pay the fine. The father added: "They are not getting paid. I had to go to the chemist to get my prescription and when I came back one of the neighbours told me I had got a ticket. I was like ‘are you taking the p**s?’. A lot of the other streets have had problems with Stoke fans parking up there and the council has actually turned it to permit parking only but they haven't done it anywhere near here yet. "We are hoping they will do it sometime in the near future. I would definitely be applying for a permit if it becomes permit parking only. I haven’t heard from the council. They need to drop the fine and deal with the issue in this area. They need to be dealing with the issue with Stoke fans which has been an ongoing thing for years - not just here but in all the local streets." A council spokesman said: "The penalty was issued for a car parked on a pavement blocking the tactile dropped kerb intended to support people with disabilities, in particular those with a visual impairment. Mr Wilson is welcome to appeal the decision and the circumstances of the penalty will be looked into. Mr Wilson may contact us to find out more about residents’ parking schemes."  