Martin Lewis returned to screens on Tuesday in the final episode of The Martin Lewis Money Show Live in the current series. He urged Britons to find out whether they are paying too much for NHS prescriptions. Mr Lewis said: “A freedom of information request we did showed a million people overpaid last year.” An increase to the cost of prescriptions could be coming in the near future, but no announcement has yet been made regarding this. He explained: “If it’s going to go up, it’ll go up on April 1, but we haven’t had an announcement.” The current cost of NHS prescriptions is £9.35, but some people may be able to pay less. READ MORE: Couple lives on £1 a day to clear £43,000 debt - read their 'ruthless' money-saving tips Mr Lewis explained that the key to cheaper subscriptions may be a one-year prepayment prescription certificate. He said: “Once you pay that, it covers all the year’s prescriptions for £108.” People can also pay via direct debit through 10 instalments of £10.81. It is also possible to get a three-month certificate DON'T MISSMillions to retire on just £1,000 - bleak outlook as State Pension triple lock is axed [WARNING]‘I cannot afford the price!’ Over 60s vent fury at proposal to scrap free prescriptions [REACTION]Woman explains simple way she earns extra £600 a month – and 'anyone can do it’ [FEATURE] Mr Lewis outlined the potential benefits of utilising the prepayment option. He said: “If you use 12 or more prescriptions a year, which over a million people did, then it’s cheaper. “Some people save hundreds on this, those who need three or four prescriptions a month.” Due to the fact the cost of prescriptions could rise in less than a month, Mr Lewis urged people not to delay in finding out if they could save money. It is worth noting that this only applies in England, as people do not have to pay for prescriptions in other British nations. Mr Lewis also encouraged people to check whether they should be paying at all, as some people are entitled to free prescriptions. Some people will not need to use the checker as they are automatically entitled to free NHS prescriptions and NHS dental treatment if they are: Recipients of the following benefits may be entitled to some help: People who are entitled to support could get the following: