Steven Bartlett is the latest businessman to join Dragons' Den and sits on the panel with Deborah Meaden, Sara Davies, Peter Jones and Touker Suleyman. During the latest BBC series, Steven has not been afraid to ruffle a few feathers among his fellow co-stars. The entrepreneur set up his businesses Social Chain and Media Chain when he was just 22, and since then, the company has grown to a team of more than 700 people. During the latest series of Dragons' Den, Steven teamed up with budding entrepreneur Matt Crate and his business partner Melody after they pitched their charity company, Toucan. Matt and Melody initially asked the Dragons for £85,000 in return for a three per cent stake in their business. At the time, all five Dragons seemed to show interest in the business, however, they weren't keen on Matt's offer of a three per cent stake. Touker was the first to give Matt and Melody an offer. The businessman said he would give the duo a fifth of the money they needed for a five per cent stake in the business. READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up Peter also weighed in and told the pair he would give them the full £85,000 they asked for, for 10 per cent profit. He later went on to give Matt and Melody a rare offer, which saw him propose a five-way deal between himself and his fellow Dragons. Although, Matt was quick to turn down Peter's offer and went straight to Steven to see if the newcomer would give him a counter offer. The budding entrepreneur was successful in his pitch and Steven agreed to a seven per cent stake in the business. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Matt admitted before he'd even stepped foot in the Den, he wanted Steven to invest in Toucan. He began: "Obviously, the question everyone is asking me though, is why did you turn down five Dragons and why were you so intent on getting Steven? "There are three really simple reasons for that. Number one, I wanted just from a personal point of principle, I wanted to have conviction in my decision for entering the den. "Number two, I had a belief that the strong focus of one Dragon is better than coordinating, or trying to coordinate five, perhaps all with different visions of the product." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street Leanne Battersby betrays Nick Tilsley's trust [SPOILERS]Vera star opens up on filming first scene with Brenda Blethyn [INSIGHT]Emmerdale exit for Ethan Anderson as he runs off with newcomer? [VIDEO] He continued: "And thirdly, ultimately, Toucan is about acquiring donors, and who else is better in the country at acquiring users through digital means than Steven Bartlett. "So in my mind, it was always all about Steven and I don't regret the decision for a second. "All the noises coming out about the dramatic negotiation, but in my eyes, it wasn't dramatic because I knew what we wanted, and I was I wasn't prepared to leave without it." Matt's episode of Dragons' Den was filmed last year, and after getting Steve on board, the CEO discussed what involvement the Dragon has had so far. The Toucan founder went on to recall the key piece of advice Steven gave him after the show. "One of the best bits of advice is Steven is a specialist and building communities," Matt explained. "And what we're doing here, is we're building a community of givers to amplify the good work by charities and he's talked us through how to do that. "Ultimately, that comes with being very vocal about our vision which is creating a world in which giving becomes second nature." Dragons' Den airs on Thursday at 8pm on BBC One.