Sam Heughan has been portraying the time-travelling Scotsman Jamie Fraser since 2014, capturing the hearts of millions of fans across the globe. The Starz period drama is back for season six with Heughan reprising his role as Jamie and actress Caitriona Balfe as his wife Claire Fraser. This time around, the story is based on Diana Gabaldon's sixth book A Breath of Snow and Ashes. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Outlander.Author Diana Gabaldon wrote Jamie Fraser as a red-haired, blue-eyed, dedicated Scottish highlander that was a towering presence. She previously joked at a Random House event in 2015 that she based the character on her husband, stating: “Well, I have been married to a tall redhead with a sense of humour for almost 45 years.” Prior to Outlander, actor Heughan was a relative unknown, having made appearances in shows such as Island at War, River City and Doctors. When he walked in for the Outlander role, Gabaldon wasn't entirely convinced he would be the right fit. READ MORE: BBC's Charlie Stayt apologises as host forced to pull interview She explained to the unofficial Outlander podcast, Outcasts: “Well, you know what he’s like, he’s a total chameleon. "He changes with each show for each character. I was thinking, ‘Well, he doesn’t look like Jamie Fraser except for a little bit around the edges'. “On the other hand, [I thought] he looks really different, so maybe he’ll be fine and of course, he was. But that was my first reaction. I was like, ‘Are you sure?’” As Heughan started auditioning for Jamie, Gabaldon said she was "astonished" by his transformation. In Gabaldon's Outlander books, she describes Jamie as a 6ft 4in Scotsman who looms over the other characters. But in real life, the 41-year-old actor is a little bit shorter, standing at around 6ft 3in. According to Celeb Heights, Heughan previously said of his co-stars: "For actors, we are very tall. "Graham [McTavish]'s 6ft 2in and I'm 6ft 3in, an inch shorter than Jamie Fraser, which, as I've said, is still a bone of convention for some diehard Outlander fans!" DON'T MISS...NCIS Hawaii's Alex exit 'sealed' as Jane makes surprise discovery? [THEORY]Outlander season 6: Marsali and Fergus' newborn son killed in accident [EXPLAINER]Does Marsali die in Outlander? [SPOILER] This isn't the only height issue for fans when it came to the casting of Outlander. Claire in the book series is supposed to be 5ft 6in but former model Balfe is 5ft 9in. Jamie is meant to tower over Claire but with just a few inches between them, this is not the case in the series. Nevertheless, fans have loved watching Heughan and Balfe onscreen, portraying the fictional romance of Jamie and Claire. Outlander returned for season six, episode two, on Sunday, March 13, on Starz and Starzplay. The episode ended with Tom Christie (Mark Lewis Jones) agreeing to have Claire perform surgery on his hand after initially being scared of what she would do to him. But after he was unsuccessful in whipping his niece Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds) with his belt, Tom changed his mind. Outlander season 6 continues every Sunday on Starz in America and Starzplay in the UK via Amazon Prime Video.