With so many cleaning products on the market, it can be hard to know which ones to use. With many more people making their own homemade cleaners, Sarah Dempsey at MyJobQuote, has shared cleaning products to “avoid” when cleaning the home as they could be damaging it. According to the expert, “seemingly harmless cleaning supplies” can be just as harmful as “toxic paint”. Sarah explained: “Air fresheners are a source of indoor air pollution and can negatively impact our health. Undisclosed ingredients can be harmful to inhale and can trigger allergies and asthma attacks in healthy people. “Even if the air freshener states it is green or natural, there is no legal or regulatory status, so the claims could be false. As well as this, it is unlikely that they actually remove impurities in the air, like some brands claim. “The best way to make a room smell fresh is by opening a window, especially when the weather is nice. If you are adamant that you want your home to smell fragrant, buy some flowers, bake some goods or make your own room spray by mixing together lemon juice, water and baking soda to neutralise smells.” READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘one minute’ trick for unblocking plugholes Drain unblocking agents can contain some of the most “harmful ingredients”, according to the expert. This includes sodium hydroxide, which can cause chemical burns if it comes into direct contact with the skin. The expert added: “Whilst drain unblocks are convenient and tempting to use when you have a blockage, they can do more harm than good. When you pour the drain unblocker down, the hope is that the chemical process will liquefy the blockage and the problem is solved. “However, this same chemical reaction can dissolve pipes, especially if they are made of plastic, old or already damaged. DON'T MISS:Monty Don shares top tips on pruning roses now - ‘prune hard’ [EXPERT]Japanese knotweed warning as weed starts to grow - signs to look for [WARNING]Crops with ‘very little upkeep’ to sow now [EXPLAINER] “As well as this, any chemicals poured down the drain can get into the water supply which can harm humans, animals, fish and the surrounding environment.” Instead, Sarah recommended pouring boiling water down the drain before adding in baking soda and vinegar. Fabric softener, which is used to help soften laundry, can also contain “potential harmful or allergenic chemicals”. The expert explained: “Glutaral is toxic to marine life and many fabric softener formulas aren’t biodegradable, meaning they are not a sustainable cleaning topic. “The build up from fabric softeners can also impact the feel of your clothes, so even though they make your clothes smell nice, the harmful ingredients are not worth it for your clothes, body or the environment. “If you like to use fabric softeners to reduce static on your clothes, use wool dryer balls instead, which can also take time off how long it takes to do your laundry in the dryer too. “If you want fresher smelling clothes, use softener crystals instead which contain Epsom salts and essential oils, this is a great option for people with allergies and sensitive skin too.” Bleach is one of the most common and popular cleaning agents, used for a variety of different jobs. According to the expert, it is used by nearly three-quarters of UK households. However, it can irritate the lungs, nose, eyes and throat, sometimes even causing an asthma attack for those who suffer with the condition. Sarah said: “It can also be incredibly toxic and corrosive for the skin, causing chemical burns in the worst case. “A better bleach alternative is mixing one cup of hydrogen peroxide three percent with two cups of distilled water in a spray bottle. “Add three to five drops of tea tree oil before giving a shake and cleaning as usual.” Another cleaning product which can cause damage to the respiratory system, skin and environment is furniture polish. The expert also said its ingredients are not sustainable. To make a homemade, natural polish, vinegar and olive oil can be combined together with a few drops of essential oil.