Former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan has taken to Twitter to once again slam Meghan Markle following the news that her Archewell podcast is set to hit the streaming platform this summer. The host of upcoming talk show Uncensored, 56, fumed over the verdict which was ruled after Meghan and Prince Harry urged Spotify to tackle the problem of Covid misinformation on its platform earlier this year. Reacting to the verdict, Piers told his 7.9 million followers exactly what he thought of the result. Alongside three laughing emojis, the star wrote: "So a proven liar is now satisfied nobody else is lying? Beyond parody." The outspoken TV personality responded to a tweet from CNN's chief media correspondent Brian Selter who quoted a story from Variety magazine. The tweet read: "Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s Archewell production company says it’s satisfied that Spotify is adequately addressing misinformation on its platform — and announced that a podcast featuring Markle will hit the audio-streaming platform this summer..." READ MORE: Amanda Holden, 51, dons thigh-high dress alongside Catherine Tate Earlier this year, Harry and Meghan's Archewell production company released a statement expressing concerns over Spotify's decision to host The Joe Rogan Experience podcast. The statement came following a row which saw the podcaster accused of spreading misinformation about the COVID-19 vaccine. However, the comedian refuted the accusation, arguing instead that he promotes free speech. In a statement, Archewell encouraged Spotify to "ensure changes to its platform are made to help address this public health crisis" but despite this, noted how the couple are "committed to continuing" their work with the platform. Mr Rogan has attracted controversy for suggesting the young and healthy should not get vaccinated and opt for unapproved treatments such as Ivermectin. The streaming giant acquired The Joe Rogan Experience podcast in 2020, reportedly for more than $100 million (£77 million). Harry and Meghan's Spotify deal is reported to be worth $18 million (£13.69 million) and they have produced one episode, which aired in December 2020. The podcast was a 25-minute "holiday special". DON'T MISS... Anne Hegerty pulls out of Beat the Chasers as she names replacement [UPDATE]Monty Don stuns fans as host unveils surprise item he refuses to own [INSIGHT]Kate Garraway admits 'jinx' fears if she takes off wedding ring [ANALYSIS] Piers' controversially first branded the Duchess of Sussex a "liar" following her landmark interview with US TV mogul Oprah Winfrey last year. Meghan claimed to have experienced suicidal thoughts after joining the Royal Family while pregnant with her first child, son Archie. She said: "I didn't want to be alive anymore. I just didn't see a solution". But on GMB the day after the interview aired, then-host Piers didn't hold back as he slammed Megahn for her comments. He said: "I'm sorry, I don't believe a word she says. "I wouldn't believe her if she read me a weather report." Ofcom received more than 41,000 complaints about the ITV presenter's comments regarding The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's tell-all chat. However, months after, Ofcom ruled that the star's comments about Meghan did not break its broadcasting code, which Piers branded a "resounding victory for free speech". If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website here.