Jane Seymour, 71, has shared the secrets to her ageless looks. In a new interview, she spoke about how she has never had plastic surgery. She told Radio Times about her healthy diet and busy lifestyle. Almost 50 years after starring in Bond film Live and Let Die, the 71-year-old insists she doesn’t have cosmetic treatments. Instead, she relies on her acting skills and costumes to portray people of different ages. She said: “I don’t see any reason to be a much younger version of myself. READ MORE: Lily Collins laments 'end of an era' after Phil Collins' last show “When they put a wig on me, I can easily play younger. “And with a different wig and bad lighting, I can be older.” The actress also said there can be downsides to having cosmetic procedures as they can “distort things”. Jane added: “You can’t change faces without distorting things – if you change the nose, that throws out the mouth, so you fix that and it’s a never-ending cycle. “I’m perfectly happy to play a little old lady.” The age-defying beauty revealed: “I eat a Mediterranean diet.” She added that she treats herself to less healthy options occasionally. She said: “But I get myself a glass of red wine at the end of the day – and if I can’t find pistachio nuts, it’ll be a bag of crisps.” DON'T MISS:POLL: Do you think Will Smith was right or wrong to slap Chris Rock? [POLL]'Woke' Hollywood stars slammed for accepting $140k Oscars gift bags [COMMENT]Madonna’s daughter Lourdes Leon stuns in plunging gown at Oscar Party [PICTURES]  Jane has no plans of slowing down yet and retirement isn’t even a thought she is entertaining as she is passionate about her work and wants to continue doing what she “loves”. She said: “I’ve no inclination to retire. Why would I do less of something I love? “In 1988 I worked with John Gielgud on War and Remembrance when he was 84, and I asked him the same thing. “He replied: ‘As long as my name is on a call sheet, I know I’ll be alive in the morning.’” The former Bond girl attended the Oscars on Sunday evening and looked incredible. Wearing a plunging green gown, she wore a light makeup look and accessorised with a pair of hoop earrings. Jane posed confidently for pictures on the red carpet. Read the full interview in this week's Radio Times. 