Steve Payne, bedding and sleep hygiene expert at Sleep and Snooze, said: "With an April heatwave due and many of us thinking about spring cleaning it might be time to consider taking your mattress outside into the garden to sunbathe. Yes, you read that right." Steve explained: "Placing your mattress outside in the sunshine for a few hours is one of the easiest ways to kill any nasty bacteria and to rid it of any musty sweaty smell and odours. "Remember to remove all the bedding and the sheets first. "Put all of the bed linen into the washing machine on a hot cycle. "This ensures that you’re not going to be putting dirty bedding back on the clean mattress. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home  "This is also the perfect time to air out the duvet and pillows on a washing line outside to help get rid of any unwanted dust or dirt." Steve also recommended using baking soda for a deep clean. He said: "While the mattress is outside you might want to sprinkle some baking powder over the surface of the mattress.  "You can task small helpers with this as there is little risk of them making a mess in the garden, and unlike bleach and harsh chemicals baking soda is safe for little hands." He explained baking soda "helps absorb any moisture whilst tackling potential odours". "After a few hours be sure to vacuum the mattress and make sure it is free from any dirt or bugs. "If you used baking soda pay special attention to this focusing on the seams and anywhere else where soda may have settled," he advised. On a Facebook group, cleaning enthusiast Chelsea Lee Croft shared a picture of her mattress after using baking soda and leaving it over night. She explained: "All I did was to hoover my mattress get a box of baking soda sprinkle all over the mattress and leave for 24-hours. "Hover it up when you have left 24-hours and it should clean your mattress xx" She also shared a useful homemade solution to get rid of the stains: "Mix a 50/50 solution of water and white vinegar in a spray bottle. "Spray the stain and blot with a clean cloth, repeat until the stain has disappeared. "Sprinkle baking soda over the patch and hoover it up an hour later, before letting your mattress air dry." Other cleaning enthusiasts were amazed at the before-and-after pictures with Nikki Louise saying: "Looks fabulous now!"