Jessie Cave, 34, has been rushed to hospital after feeling like she had been "hit by a tonne of bricks". The Harry Potter star, who played Lavender Brown, is pregnant with her fourth child, and has become increasingly unwell after testing positive for Covid a couple of weeks ago. The actress took to Instagram to share a picture of her legs from a hospital bed. She penned in view of her 209,000 followers: "Triage, once again…… "Anyone else had covid in the 3rd trimester & had it hit them like a tonne of bricks for weeks?" She added: "Also - has anyone taken the anti-nausea drug and it made them feel worse?" READ MORE: ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle Many social media users took to the comments to wish the actress a speedy recovery and share their concern. Devonmurrayofficial said: "Jessie, I’m so sorry you’re going through this now. Hoping for a speedy recovery." Rach_ac added: "Yes, I had it at 37 weeks, I was so miserable. "My cough was horrible for weeks! Take care." Zo_knight commented: "Yes, I had it at 36 weeks. "I was hospitalized because of low oxygen, it was such a scary experience! All the best to you and the baby." Jessie's hospital dash comes after she shared an image from her bed two weeks ago, telling her followers that she had caught Covid and was suffering from "constant nausea". She penned: "Coronavirus followed by Norovirus on top of the near constant nausea this entire pregnancy. DON'T MISS... ‘Will miss him’ Julie Andrews breaks silence on ex Tony Walton's death [LATEST] 'Difficult' Susanna Reid gets candid about working with Piers Morgan [COMMENT] Tamzin Outhwaite left 'in tears' over Liverpool's tribute to Ukraine [INSIGHT] "But I'm still managing to be a total ray of sunshine, don't worry." Fellow star Paloma Faith also wished the actress a speedy recovery. Paloma said: "Oh my god you are such a fighter." Jessie announced she was pregnant with her fourth baby in December. The actress and her partner, comedian Alfie Brown, are already parents to three young children. They share 13-month old Abraham, Donnie, six, and Margot, four. Last year, Jessie took to Instagram to admit she had dealt with a "terrifying" labour when she gave birth to her youngest son Abraham. Abraham had a spell in neonatal intensive care before being allowed home. Only two months later, the newborn then tested positive for coronavirus. She penned: "I watched the news about lockdown from an isolated room in hospital. Poor baby is covid positive. "He's okay and doing well but they are being vigilant and cautious, thankfully."