I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! is returning to the Outback this year after the last two series were hosted in a castle in Wales due to the coronavirus pandemic. With the series airing this November, speculation has already begun about who will join the 2022 line-up. Former jockey Katie Walsh has hinted at her possible appearance in the new series after she revealed she "wouldn't mind" going into the jungle. Katie, who retired in 2018 and rode three winners at the Cheltenham Festival, has hinted she is keen to swap her horses for creepy-crawlies in the Australian jungle. Katie said: "I wouldn’t mind going into the jungle. It looks like a lot of fun to do. [Fellow jockey] Nina [Carberry] is absolutely ­flying on Dancing With The Stars and has been phenomenal. “I like to keep every door open, so you never know, you may see me in there one day. "I’m not sure there is a comparison between riding horses and lying in a coffin full of rats, but you do have to be made of strong stuff to be a jockey," she told the Daily Star. READ MORE: Antiques Road Trip’s Catherine Southon's £30 earrings make huge profit Katie has been inspired by her racing colleague Nina who is currently taking part in the Irish version of Strictly. The ITV series has been a success for two decades and has seen a variety of celebrities take on the jungle to be crowned King or Queen of the Jungle. Speaking on the possibility of Katie joining the 2022 line-up, Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "I'm A Celebrity chiefs will no doubt want to return to the jungle with a bang, and if the latest odds are anything to go by, this could be the most star-studded series yet. "Katie Walsh has seemingly thrown her hat into the ring, and there's every chance she swaps horseback for the Outback Shack." According to Ladbrokes, Katie Walsh's odds at joining the show stand at 3/1, with Tom Skinner and Oti Mabuse in the top spot at 5/2. Other celebs who have been speculated to join the show is Danny Dyer (3/1), Matt Hancock (10/1) and Piers Morgan (25/1). I'm A Celeb hosts Ant and Dec recently spoke about their excitement to be returning to Australia. Talking to The One Show, Ant said: "Well, the plan is the jungle", with Dec adding: "Nothing against Wales. DON'T MISS...Ant and Dec tease I'm A Celeb Australia return 'Nothing against Wales' [INSIGHT]Ant and Dec admit struggle to find good show in last decade [LATEST]Jeremy Clarkson swears at police as he's 'arrested' in prank [WATCH] "We love Wales, but Australia is [the show's] home, and we'd like to get back there if we can." The ITV show set up camp in Murwillumbah, New South Wales, Australia, for 16 years before the coronavirus pandemic enforced a relocation to Abergele's Gwrych Castle in 2020. But now the broadcaster's director of content Rosemary Newell shared a major update with the Radio Times and said: "We expect I'm a Celebrity to return in Australia in November when it will generate an audience of over 11 million." However, before the line-up has even been confirmed, the return to Australia has been hit with a threat of flooding in the base camp area Environmental campaigner Emma Hannigan, who also lives in the area, told the Daily Star: "This is climate change. "This is happening here, it's happening now, and what more is it going to take for our government to take action this decade? "There has been minor flooding, but there is more damage on the way." I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! is set to return this November with the latest series available to watch on the ITV Hub.