Liverpool navigated their way through a difficult fixture away at in-form Arsenal on Wednesday night with both Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino finding the net. The Gunners made life hard for Liverpool in the opening 45 minutes, but the Reds' attacking options ultimately paid dividends. Express Sport takes a look at how the Liverpool players rated at the Emirates. Alisson - 8 Monumental save from Martin Odegaard when the goal was gaping for the Arsenal midfielder. Worth his weight in gold for Liverpool in big matches. Trent Alexander-Arnold - 6 Had a tough task all evening dealing with Gabriel Martinelli who was causing plenty of problems. Still look deadly further up the pitch. Joel Matip - 6 Gave away a few silly free-kicks on the edge of Liverpool's box, but otherwise looked as assured as ever. Virgil van Dijk - 6 Commanding as ever at the back for Liverpool with Alexandre Lacazette barely getting a sniff. JUST IN: Liverpool star 'captivating' AC Milan after Klopp discusses exit  Andy Robertson - 7 Alexander-Arnold has had all the headlines this season for his service, but Robertson proved he's just as capable down the left once again. Excellent ball for Roberto Firmino's goal. Fabinho - 7 A much needed presence in midfield to help stifle Martin Odegaard's influence on the game. Thiago - 7 Guilty of spending too long on the ball, but then made up for that with a supreme pass for Diogo Jota's opener. DON'T MISS  Jordan Henderson - 6 A captain's performance in midfield as he helped on both ends of the pitch. Helped keep Liverpool's shape whenever Fabinho and Thiago were roaming. Luis Diaz - 6 Having set such a high bar since joining in January, it was a sub-par performance from Luis Diaz before he was brought off. Diogo Jota - 7 Had a quiet first half but proved just how deadly he can be with a brilliant finish for the opening goal. Now seven goals in seven appearances for Liverpool against Arsenal Sadio Mane - 6 The most lively of Liverpool's front three in the opening exchanges, but was lacking the final product. Subs Roberto Firmino - 7 Been overlooked ever since Luis Diaz's arrival, but proved he still has an important role to play with a neat finish for Liverpool's second. Mohamed Salah - 6 Could tell as soon as Salah came on that he wanted to get on the scoresheet, but was wasteful at times when taking the extra pass would have been a better option. Curtis Jones - X