It appears that shockingly few Britons have a sufficient enough pension to put them in a solid financial position. New figures have painted a grim picture of the retirement landscape in the UK. Berkshire and Buckinghamshire residents are most likely to be on track for a moderate retirement income, but even then, only 52.3 percent of people in the area are expected to hit the mark, according to research by Hargreaves Lansdown. This was followed by Surrey, East and West Sussex with 50.6 percent. North East Scotland ranked third with 50 percent. People who live in the north of England appear to be in a particularly concerning position. No northern areas featured in the top ten of the most well-prepared areas. The best prepared area in the north was North Yorkshire with 43.2 percent of residents on track for a moderate retirement. READ MORE: Carer’s Allowance to be replaced by new benefit payment - claimants could get £500 more The biggest pension problems are found in the West-Midlands, with only 28.9 percent on track for a moderate retirement income. Shropshire and Staffordshire residents were not much better off, sitting at just 31.8 percent. The Pension & Lifetime Savings Association defines a moderate retirement income as around £20,800 per year for a single person and £30,600 per year for a couple. Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said: “The South-East and Scotland rule the roost when it comes to retirement resilience but even here the terrifying truth is only half of people are on track for a moderate retirement income. DON'T MISSState pensioners could get £3,000 annual boost - and sum is rising in April [PENSION]Rail fare hike: 7 foolproof tips to help you save money on your train travel [TIPS]State pension alert: Grandparents could boost sum by £2,340 amid triple lock freeze [ALERT] “This is not so much a pension hotspot – more of a damp squib and shows that even people in the most affluent of areas are not getting to grips with their retirement planning. “There were no Northern or Midlands areas even approaching the top ten with only North Yorkshire and Cheshire getting anywhere close. “The Midlands has a real problem with only around a third on track for a moderate retirement income.” Ms Morrissey warned Britons not to put pensions on the back burner and prioritise saving for retirement where possible. She said: “It is tempting to delay planning for retirement particularly in the current environment where the cost of living squeeze is putting pressure on everyone’s finances. “However, not getting to grips with it risks leaving you seriously short of cash in later life. “You may think you will be able to work for longer to plug the gaps but there is a strong possibility you may not be well enough by the time you hit retirement age to keep on working so you cannot rely on it.” Saving for retirement via a pension can bring tax benefits, which could help Britons to boost their pot. Ms Morrissey explained: “Pensions are a hugely efficient way to prepare for retirement. “As well as your own contribution your employer will also contribute, and you will also get an extra top up from the Government in the form of tax relief. “Over time these contributions really add up and if you add in long-term investment returns then you can end up with a pension pot worth many times more than the contribution you have made. “Put simply, the earlier you start and the more consistently you contribute then the better outcome you are likely to get.”