Lavrov is visiting China for talks with his counterpart, Wang Yi, for the first time since Vladimir Putin ordered the invasion of Ukraine in late February. Speaking in a video released by the Russian foreign ministry, Lavrov said Moscow and Beijing were paving the way for “a multipolar, just, democratic world order”. He added the world was "living through a very serious stage in the history of international relations". Addressing the Chinese government, he added that by the end of this stage, “we, together with you, and with our sympathisers, will create such a new world order". Both foreign ministers then slammed Western sanctions placed on Moscow following the invasion, the Kremlin said in a statement. The Russian foreign ministry said: "The ministers had a thorough exchange of views on the situation around Ukraine. “The head of the Russian foreign ministry informed his Chinese counterpart about the progress of the special military operation [...] and the dynamics of the negotiation process with the Kyiv regime.” They added: "The sides noted the counterproductive nature of the illegal unilateral sanctions imposed on Russia by the United States and its satellites." Lavrov landed in the eastern Chinese city of Huangshan on Wednesday. The Russian foreign minister will join regional talks on Afghanistan, as the country’s humanitarian crisis deepens. READ MORE: Russian soldiers in Ukraine panicking: 'What have we got into' China has refused to outright condemn the Russian invasion of Ukraine. This is a mark of Beijing cultivating its influence over the region after the US withdrawal from Afghanistan, a political scientist has said. Alexander Cooley, an expert on Central Asia from Columbia University, told the Associated Press: “China is quietly asserting itself as the leading external power in the region” “In doing so, it will position itself as both critic of United States regional policy and as an alternative leader of a humanitarian coalition comprised of Afghanistan’s neighbours.” DON'T MISS: Ukraine War LIVE: Putin humiliated as Russian troops forced to retreat [LIVE] Ukraine mayor avoids Russian airstrike on office because he 'overslept' [REPORT] ‘Old and rusty’ Russian tanks obliterate Putin’s lies claiming Russia [ANALYSIS] This comes as the UN declares that over four million Ukrainians have now left the country to escape Russia’s “senseless war”. The UN’s refugee agency, UNHCR, said that 4,019,287 people had crossed the border from Ukraine to neighbouring countries since February 24. Of this number, over 2.3 million made the trek to Poland. Filippo Grandi, who heads up the UNHCR, said: "Refugees from Ukraine are now four million, five weeks after the start of the Russian attack.” He added: "I have just arrived in Ukraine. In Lviv I will discuss with the authorities, the UN and other partners ways to increase our support to people affected and displaced by this senseless war." Earlier this week, the Kremlin announced they would pull back their forces around the capital and the northern city - a declaration met with scepticism by the West. Russian deputy defence minister, Alexander Fomin, said Moscow would cut operations in the cities to “increase mutual trust” during peace talks with Ukraine. But Western officials have been hesitant to believe Moscow’s promises, with one commenting it "seems to be more of a tactical exercise" for regrouping and relaunching new offensives.