The world of Star Trek was resurrected for the small screen by CBS All Access, now Paramount+, in 2017 with the brand new series, Star Trek: Discovery. Meanwhile, the show’s first-ever female captain, Kate Mulgrew, has reprised her role as Captain Kathryn Janeway for the first time in over 20 years but admitted she hasn’t been watching the adventures of her successor, Michael Burnham (played by Sonequa Martin-Green). Star Trek legend Kate claimed she was the “only true female captain” in the Star Trek franchise, despite Michael taking the helm in Discovery. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk ahead of the UK release of Star Trek: Prodigy, Kate revealed she doesn’t think Janeway’s story is over after the end of Voyager. “It would be interesting to see how she is in her dotage,” she explained. “I think, probably, very, very advanced in her spatial science, probably more passionate than ever. And certainly more fearless.” READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5: Kayce Dutton to die after Luke Grimes clue? Kate became the first-ever female Star Trek captain when Voyager began in 1995. Although other female captains have been seen throughout the show’s history, Janeway was the only one to have led her own series until Burnham’s promotion. As Burnham has held a number of different roles in Discovery, Janeway is the only central female character to have started and remained as captain throughout her tenure. She added: “[Janeway is] still the only real - I know everybody’s going to jump up and say this is wrong, but I’m saying it’s right - still, really, the only true female captain.” “I’m proud of it. That franchise is tough! Seven years? It’s no joke.” Initially introduced as the First Officer of the USS Shenzhou, Burnham commits mutiny and is later recruited by Gabriel Lorca (Jason Isaacs) on USS Discovery. By the end of the third season, however, Michael is promoted to captain and commands the ship as the Federation takes on a new threat. Season four of Discovery aired its finale earlier this month, and a fifth instalment is officially on the way. DON'T MISS:Katrina Law husband: Is the NCIS star married? [INSIGHT]Ben Shephard exposes Shapps’ blunder over petrol prices [VIDEO]The Gilded Age dealt major boost ahead of season 2 [LATEST] Although the latest Star Trek iteration has been well-received by critics and some Trekkies, Kate admitted she hasn’t been watching the franchise’s latest offerings. “I’m not going to comment on Discovery, because I haven’t really watched it,” she admitted. “Is it fair? There’s just so much to see and I’d rather watch Prodigy!” In addition to Discovery and Prodigy, the franchise has also returned Patrick Stewart to his iconic role as Captain Jean-Luc Picard in two seasons of his own sequel series. There is also a new prequel of the original series, titled Strange New Worlds, in the works, with Anson Mount reprising his Discovery appearance as Enterprise Captain Christopher Pike. In March this year, actor Paul Wesley was announced to be playing James T Kirk for the show’s second season, which has already begun filming. Plus, a second outing for Prodigy is also in the works, as well as Paramount+’s animated comedy series, Star Trek: Lower Decks. Star Trek: Prodigy launches on Nickelodeon this April 2022. Star Trek: Discovery is available to stream on Paramount+ in the USA and PlutoTV in the UK.