Nationwide Building Society is offering customers 2.5 percent interest on their savings for the first 12 months. They can also receive a cash bonus of up to £125 but they’ll have to hurry. Nationwide’s Flex Regular Saver is currently offering one of the best savings rates on the market at 2.5 percent for the first 12 months’ savings. Although the building society warns this if for a limited time only, it doesn’t give a cut-off date for Britons to apply for an account. This savings account is better for people who don’t need to make withdrawals and won’t need to make more than three withdrawals per year. If they do make more withdrawals than this, this they won’t get the 2.5 percent interest rate. READ MORE: DWP says thousands of people could be better off on Universal Credit Customers can save up to £200 a month but after the first 12 months the interest rate falls to 0.35 percent. To open an account, Britons will also need a current account with Nationwide. This is where they can benefit from the £125 switching bonus. New customers will receive £100 for switching, while existing customers could get a cash bonus of £125. DON'T MISS:'Thank you!' Martin Lewis saves man £492 a year on his Sky TV bill [INSIGHT]State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less [WARNING]State pension: Six increases will take place from next month [UPDATE] To qualify for the bonus, switchers will need to use the Current Account Switch Service. There are no monthly fees for maintaining the account and it can be managed online. Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis recently named Nationwide as one of his ‘top picks’ for its current account and savings option. When it comes to choosing a savings account, Britons need to bear a few things in mind. One of the most important things to consider is whether they need to withdraw money in an emergency. Another important factor to bear in mind is whether digital will do, or a local branch is a must. For some people cashback on bills, account benefits and additional features will be important. While others may only be interested in receiving the best savings rate possible. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Lots of banks are offering money to switch at the moment. Nationwide’s offer of up to £125 rewards both new and existing customers. To receive the cash bonus, customers need to switch accounts with at least two direct debits. Once complete, the bonus is paid into the new account within 10 days.