According to RAC Fuel Watch, petrol has climbed to an average of 155.62p a litre, while diesel is averaging 161.28p per litre, both of which are record highs. These price increases have come as a result of the jump in value of brent oil, which peaked at $130 a barrel on the weekend, due to concerns over its availability as more countries continue to boycott Russian oil and gas. RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams said: "These hikes are unprecedented and will sadly be hitting both homes and businesses hard. "It's therefore vital the chancellor acts quickly to limit the damage by cutting VAT to at least 15 percent which would save drivers 6.5p a litre and take the average price of unleaded back under £1.50. "Importantly, this could also limit the impact of inevitable fuel price rises in the coming days and weeks." However, until any official measures such as cutting VAT come into place, Express.co.uk spoke to Nick Drewe, money-saving expert at WeThrift on the six ways drivers can cut down on their petrol costs.  READ MORE: Motorists hit as new cars cost £5,000 more and petrol prices rise  An effective way to get back from what you put in is through good use of cashback schemes and loyalty cards. On this, Mr Drewe said: “From Texaco to Sainsbury's, various petrol stations and supermarkets offer cashback schemes and loyalty cards to encourage customers to use their services. “Every time you buy fuel at a particular station, you simply have to swipe your loyalty card and points are then awarded. Mr Drewe provided a key example being BP, which offers a loyalty scheme where if you earn 200 points, you’ll be able to claim £1 off your fuel or shop purchases. He continued “With a Tesco Clubcard, you’ll be able to earn one point for every £2 spent every time you fill up at the supermarket’s petrol station. As the nation continues to grapple with the accelerated cost of living, these incentives can go a long way.”   Mr Drewe advised: “Every time you fill up your tank, make sure to only top up what your car requires at the time. He continued: “A top tip to deciding the correct amount of fuel you need is to keep a consumption notebook in your glove box or keeping a record on your phone. “For every visit to the petrol station, note down how much fuel you put in your car to get from A-B.” However, he noted, that in this ever-changing economy, be sure to record fuel consumption in litres and not in pounds. Sat Navs can do wonders to your petrol tank, reducing risk of wrong turns or journeys taking longer than necessary. Mr Drewe said: “Sat navs are great devices for saving money because they will show you the quickest route to your destination.  DON'T MISS: What to do if someone parks in front of your driveway [EXPLAINED]New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ [ANALYSIS]Scam warning: £28k lost every hour as phishing scams become 'more prev [INSIGHT]     He added: “They can also work in real time and help you avoid getting stuck in traffic jams, and some models will even select the most economical route to help you avoid fuel-stealing obstacles such as large hills and heavy stop-start traffic. Motorists will be pleased to know that there is a new ‘eco-friendly routing’ feature on Google Maps, which instructs drivers on the most economic route to take. Supermarket fuel is often cheaper than branded fuel. Mr Drewe said: “While supermarket fuel usually comes from the same refineries as the big brands like Shell or Esso, these brands will usually add a range of special additives to their own fuels in order to improve efficiency and performance - which is why they tend to cost more. Inflate your tyres to the right pressure If you have the incorrect tyre pressure, you'll be using more fuel to keep your car running smoothly.   Mr Drewe explained: “This is because of the added friction while driving that comes from a misshapen tyre. You can find out the recommended tyre pressure for your vehicle in the vehicle handbook. Mr Drewe tipped: “Your vehicle manufacturer may also suggest different tyre pressures for your front and rear tyres so it is always worth doing your research.” Finally, one of the larger effective ways to preserve petrol is to drive in a smoother manner. Mr Drewe said: “ Be sure to accelerate smoothly and avoid hard breaks to limit your fuel consumption. Shifting gears from time to time can also help you to avoid throwing away your fuel. He continued: “If you’re driving a new model, check if your vehicle has a gear-shift indicator, as this will inform you of the most economical and efficient point to change your gear. Mr Drewe added: “As well as this, there are apps such as Aviva Drive that lets you record your driving style and give you indications on how to improve it.” 