Eamonn Holmes, 62, took to Instagram yesterday to give his 756,000 followers an insight into his family life. The GB News star posed as he enjoyed some quality family time with his granddaughter Emilia as the toddler cried in his arms. The broadcaster jokingly pointed out how Emilia, whose father is Eamonn's 33-year-old son Declan, “adores” him despite her face suggesting otherwise. He captioned the post: “Just been to see Emilia my Grandchild..... that child adores me !” Fans of the presenter were quick to take to the comments section, reacting to the photo. Lynseycjenkins quipped: “That face isn’t looking like adoration. Bless her beautiful.” P.zijtveld added: “Awwwww her wee feet in the air !!! “Where is my daddy @declanholmes08 lol lol. Best post x made me smile.” Lindseystuart85 typed: “Adorable. Eamonn please can you & Ruth do a morning show together soon. “Miss seeing you both together.” Lucylaloux_mother_of_treasures said: “Brilliant. One for a frame! Gorgeous Eamonn. “Can just hear you saying ‘that child adores me’” Eamonn shared three children with his first wife Gabrielle, who he split from in 1996 after a decade of marriage. He met fellow broadcaster Ruth Langsford in 1997 when he was at GMTV. DON'T MISS...Christian Horner blasted as 'unwatchable' amid F1 backlash [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan slams Alec Baldwin as he blames Halyna Hutchins for death [LATEST]'You'll be uncensored!' Gary Lineker makes savage dig at Piers Morgan [UPDATE] Five years later, they welcomed son Jack, their only child together. In 2010 the pair were married at The Elvetham hotel in Hampshire. The former This Morning presenter has recently spoken out on his relationship with his current wife and how she sparked "love at first sight”. Eamonn said: "For me, it was love at first sight." However, he confessed that the feeling was not mutual at first. He went on: "I tease her still that she always regarded herself as too sophisticated for me. “She'd say, 'Daddy's in the Army,' and I got the impression he was a Brigadier-General, but it turned out that he ran the motor pool. "She just sounded posh as the Army paid for her to go to private school," he added to Daily Mail's Weekend magazine.