Simon Williams, RAC fuel spokesman said they were calling for an “emergency, temporary cut in VAT” rates to help struggling drivers. They said this would “better protect” road users from any further petrol and diesel increases. It comes after fuel costs have soared to record highs in the aftermath of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The RAC said February’s 4.5p increase in petrol prices was the first since a monthly record was set last October. Unleaded petrol ended the month at 151.16p on average, up from just 146.62p at the start of the month. Mer Williams said: “Motorists are having to endure successive months of rising prices and, sadly, it doesn’t look as though February will be the last. READ MORE: Campaigners call for fuel duty tax to be cut as costs soar “While prices were rising due to oil production not being able to keep up with demand as life becomes more normal again, Russia’s invasion of Ukraine caused the barrel price to shoot past the $100 a barrel mark for the first time in nearly eight years making wholesale fuel far more expensive. “We know from RAC research that eight in 10 drivers would struggle to get by without their cars and that the pandemic has made access to a car even more important than ever. “But the exorbitant cost of filling up may force people to cut down on non-essential journeys to save money. “The RAC is now calling on the Treasury to look at an emergency, temporary cut in the VAT rate levied on fuel to ease some of the pain drivers are facing and to better protect them from upcoming rises.” DON'T MISSFuel duty rates should be cut to stop a ‘cost of living crisis’ [COMMENT]Fuel prices almost £2.20 per litre at London forecourt [PICS]Petrol and diesel prices soar past 150p as drivers warned of increases [ANALYSIS] The RAC warns the sudden price rise means it now costs £83.14 to fill a 55-litre family car. This means prices are £3 more expensive than at the start of 2022 and £15 higher than 12 months ago. Drivers of diesel vehicles have seen even larger increases with average costs up 4.76p a litre. The average price now stands at a new record of 154.75p. It means it would cost around £85.11 to fill a 55-litre diesel car, up from just £69.67 a year ago. The RAC’s call for action comes just days after FairFuelUK also pushed the Chancellor to cut petrol tax. However, instead of cutting VAT rates, he has urged the Chancellor to go further with a reduction in fuel duty altogether. Founder Howard Cox said: “Every single aspect of our economy is influenced by the price of oil. “Despite back below $100 on Feb 25th, Brent Oil is still predicted to hit over $110 per barrel. “That is the most sensible fiscal move in the lead up to the Chancellor’s Spring Financial Statement." The Treasury knows full well, petrol and especially diesel prices at the pumps, critically affect inflation, logistics, business viability, jobs, and GDP. “As a nation that continues to tax drivers at the highest levels anywhere in the world, its time, way past time, the Chancellor returned some of the incredible huge VAT double taxation windfall from the last year’s high pump prices, to drivers in the form of a 5p cut in Fuel Duty."