Prince Philip was known to follow the long-standing royal rule of avoiding involvement in political matters to support the Queen's neutral position. But Labour peer Lord Boateng revealed the late Duke of Edinburgh once broke with tradition in a never-before-seen move seen as a sign of his protest against Apartheid in South Africa. Lord Boateng noted Prince Philip forbade the Duke of Edinburgh Awards from being held in the Commonwealth nation because of the discriminatory law. Speaking to BBC One, the Labour peer said: "He put duty and the Queen before all else but he was concerned. "He was concerned for a whole humanity and concern for a shared planet. And you saw that in every aspect of his own life and work. "And in South Africa, long before it was fashionable, he took a stand against racism and Apartheid. "He said the Award should never ever be delivered in South Africa so long as Apartheid existed." Prince Philip memorial LIVE: Royals join to remember Prince Philip on Queen's poignant day He continued: "And subsequently, he visited Pollsmoor Prison, because the award is big in prisons across the Commonwealth, not just elite schools as they say but in difficult places as well. "He visited Pollsmoor Prison with Nelson Mandela and I think that says something about the man. He transcended all issues of race and class, he was about the development of young people and humanity. "And that link between action and considered thought. He was a very, very special person." Lord Boateng had previously mentioned the Duke's visit to Pollsmoor prison as he paid tribute to Prince Philip following his death in 2021. READ MORE: Prince George and Charlotte melt hearts as they shake hands with clergymen 'A natural!' He said: "He said no to racism because his award was incompatible with racism. "That was His Royal Highness for you: he would not allow it in racist South Africa but he supported and encouraged it in the new South Africa. The award was for everyone." South Africa had withdrawn its membership of the Commonwealth in 1961 and was not readmitted until promising talks on constitutional reforms in 1993. Other Commonwealth members had moved criticism against the segregational policies known as Apartheid for years. Baroness Patricia Scotland also highlighted the Duke of Edinburgh's commitment against racism as she noted his influence on the Commonwealth. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William 'severely wounded' [LIVE] Prince Harry could live ‘lifetime filled with regret’ [ANALYSIS] Queen urged to strip Prince Harry of major role [INSIGHT] Baroness Scotland said: "He was always ahead of his time and the Commonwealth also is ahead of its time. "If you think about the issues in terms of racism; 1953 he talked about racism. "The Commonwealth was the centre of the fight against racism. "Climate change, 1989. It was the Commonwealth in Langkawi, Malaysia who said this poses an existential threat to the world." The Baroness continued: "I think he was one of the main architects who really understand that you were moving away from the dominion and into the association of equal states, 54 now, 8 when they started. "I think he handcrafted so much of that which made independence possible in terms of institutionalising the secretariat which was created in 1965 but people thinking where is the secretariat going to be?" She added: "His love for the Commonwealth, his commitment to the Commonwealth and his commitment to the minority and the diversity within it was absolutely unbending."