Vadym Prystaiko discussed what it would take for Ukraine to broker a peace deal with Russia after Putin laid out his conditions for ending the conflict in the region. Among them included the neutrality of Ukraine, recognising Crimea as part of Russia, and demilitarising Ukraine in exchange for a peace deal. Mr Prystaiko said the "unrealistic" demands were deliberately laid out so Ukraine could not accept them which could legitimise Russia's invasion of the country during a fiery put-down.    Sky News presenter Kamali Melbourne interviewed the ambassador and wanted to know what it would take for the conflict to end. He asked: "Is there any way the Ukrainians could accept to bring an end to this war? Obviously, the idea is that you become neutral, never join the EU, never join NATO..." Mr Prystaiko added: "They also wanted to us to really recognise that they snatched the Crimea out of our hands, they also wanted to recognise [Donbas] as this runaway republic they recognised just two weeks ago. "Specifically to create even higher ground for their own negotiations and they wanted us to demilitarise meaning to lay down weapons and moving from the borders 150 kilometres, our armed forces, leaving Kyiv and Kharkiv exposed. "This is so unrealistic that they do it on purpose, they're not expecting us to meet them, they just created this, you know, informational circus propaganda campaign." Mr Prystaiko agreed his view was quite cynical but believed it to be true and was also asked about the refugees in his country. He thanked Poland and Hungary for their "hospitality" and said he would be speaking to UK officials about getting Ukrainians into the UK who do not have close family living there. The Ukrainian representative also suggested the Ukrainian Government did not want Ukrainians to travel too far as he hoped they would return once the conflict was over.  Transport Secretary Grant Shapps repeated the claim during his Sky News interview earlier that day after he was quizzed over the UK's slow visa system. In the lead-up to the invasion, Putin expressed anger at Ukraine looking to be a member of NATO as the alliance would further encroach on his borders. During negotiations with European partners, Russia demanded that Ukraine be barred from NATO and the organisation ceased its expansion to the east. Putin is now telling Russians that Ukraine is run by a "neo-Nazi" regime that has persecuted civilians in the Donbas region and is carrying out a "special operation" to save them.  In Russia, independent media outlets have been shut down with those peddling "misinformation" about Ukraine potentially facing 15 years in prison. Criteria for misinformation range from calling the invasion a "war" or reporting on Russian losses in the region. TV Rain and Echo of Moscow were both shut down last week after they broadcast anti-war messages.  