Emmerdale newcomer Louise Jameson, 70, has teased her future on the ITV soap as she let slip that the “whole cast” urged her not to leave them yet. Chatting with Express.co.uk and other press, Louise explained that the conversation came about as she struggled to cope with freezing temperatures on the Yorkshire set. She divulged: “We are supplied with a lot of thermals and a lot of hot water bottles and a big thick coat. “It is cold, but the whole cast has said to me at some point, ‘Oh wait until the summer, it is so worth it, it’s so beautiful, please don’t leave us yet!'” When asked whether she sees a long future on Emmerdale, Louise said she “would love to” and that she has got “all her fingers and toes crossed”. Louise stars as Rhona Goskirk’s (Zoe Henry) mum Mary who burst into the Dales unannounced just as Rhona plans to propose to Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock). READ MORE:A Place In The Sun's Laura Hamilton forced to move again after split Louise had a brief stint on Emmerdale in 1973 as a character called Sharon Crossthwaite. Sharon didn't last long and was quickly killed off, but Louise was still able to return almost 50 years later. The actress said she was delighted to be offered the chance to rejoin Emmerdale, but confessed that an awkward audition blunder could have cost her the job. The former Doctor Who star explained: “I was sent a very beautifully written scene and told to prepare it. "There was something in me that thought, 'I really want this job'. “So, I got it completely memorised, went for a manicure, and I bought a new red outfit. I pulled out all the plugs I could to acquire this role. “In actual fact, now I'm playing her, I realise the red outfit was the completely wrong choice. “Mary is far more bohemian and slightly hippy and well-travelled, she’s not a sort of tight waisted career woman, she thinks she is more free-flowing than that.” DON'T MISS‘Doesn’t do it for a Range Rover’ James Martin defends Amanda Owen[LATEST]Liz Hurley breaks silence on Shane Warne’s death in heartbreaking post[INSIGHT]'Horrible, tragic' Martin Lewis bids farewell after worrying warning[NEWS] Upon returning to the Dales after all these years, Louise admitted she felt “overwhelmed” with how much the set had changed. She explained that she struggled with the amount of technology required and that she "couldn't work out all the emails". Louise confessed: “Emmerdale tries very hard to be a paper-free zone, so we get an enormous amount of emails sent to us. “I am dyslexic, so I struggle a little bit with trying to sort it all out.” Thankfully, her fellow cast members have been “so kind” and helped her sort through her schedule. Louise continued: “I am slowly getting the hang of it, and I will be absolutely fine in a couple of weeks, but I was a bit overwhelmed, to begin with. "But, like I say, everybody was so kind, I wasn’t made to feel stupid or abandoned in any way shape or form.”