Angela Rayner was caught in a slight blunder as she defended former Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn's response to the chemical attack on two Russian-born UK residents which caused the death of one British national in 2018. Ms Rayner had a bit of a Freudian slip when she said Russia had deployed "nuclear weapons" in the UK rather than chemicals. Speaking to LBC, she said: "This was about...if the Russian state had done that, which we were looking at facts at the time, we didn't know that at the time.   "When we did find out about that, it was an absolute disgrace that President Putin thought he could come on UK soil and use weapons, nuclear weapons, in that way. "It was completely despicable. It was absolute condemnation from across the House about what had happened. "It's despicable that any nation thought they could come on foreign soil and use those types of weapons and it needed a strong, robust response." Twitter user @jatroa said: "President Putin thought he could come on UK soil and use nuclear weapons in this way?" "Is it a ‘Spot the Ludicrous Mistake’ competition? Putin was on UK soil? "Using nuclear weapons?….How did he get them through customs?" JUST IN: Rishi Sunak set to announce £50BN triple tax hike costing British adults £1,000 per year @BristolTed commented: "Oh. My. Goodness. The deputy leader of Her Majesty’s Loyal Opposition. How did we fall so far?" @Barrie_West said: "I must have been out when Putin used a nuke in the UK." And @somesayparsley added: "That's something ... not sure what." Ms Rayner also dismissed suggestions Jeremy Corbyn would not have been an effective wartime leader if he had been in power during the ongoing invasion of Ukraine. LBC presenter Andrew Marr challenged the deputy Labour leader, pointing out Mr Corbyn was well-known for his anti-war views. The debate arose after Ms Rayner rejected claims from Boris Johnson that Labour would "run up the white flag" with Russia. Mr Marr said: "If it's true - and it may well be true - that the Russians are in effect losing in this war, in this invasion, it is in part because of those anti-tank missiles that Boris Johnson and Ben Wallace had sent to Ukraine before the war even started. "Are you really suggesting that a Corbyn government would have done that?" READ MORE: EU shame as bloc poised to import record levels of Russian energy: 'Securing supplies!'  Ms Rayner said: "We're very clear that we would support and we would have given that. "We've seen actually the government have not been doing anywhere near enough to ensure that refugees can come to the country." She continued: "Jeremy Corbyn was very clear on his condemnation of Putin, long before it was popular to do that. "We've seen pictures of the prime minister with Russian oligarchs, shaking the hands of President Putin, so I'd be very careful about that language." Labour's deputy leader added: "Keir Starmer has made it very clear our commitment to NATO. DON'T MISS: Jamaica seeking to remove Queen as head of state [REVEAL]Vladimir Putin could crush NHS, banking, and fuel [INSIGHT]Taiwan earthquake: Island rocked by 6.9 tremor [REVEAL] "I think [Boris Johnson] is just playing fast and loose with his comments as he often does." Labour has been trying to distance itself from Jeremy Corbyn's stance on NATO and military intervention since the start of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The former Labour leader is a longtime critic of the North Atlantic alliance, branding it a "major problem" for the party. In a speech in 2011, Mr Corbyn said: "We in the radical end, the left, of the unions and the Labour Party, have got to be realistic that NATO is a major problem and a major difficulty, and we have to campaign against NATO’s power, its influence and its global reach, because it is a danger to world peace and a danger to world security.” He doubled down in his criticism whilst attending an "anti-NATO" summit in 2014, saying the alliance was founded "in order to promote a Cold War with the Soviet Union." And shortly before the invasion, the former Labour chief told a Stop the War Coalition forum that Britain and the US shipping troops and weapons to help Ukraine was "incredibly dangerous." Sir Keir Stamer dismissed the Stop the War Coalition, branding members and contributors as "naive." Sir Keir said: "The likes of the Stop the War coalition are not benign voices for peace. "At best they are naive; at worst they actively give succour to authoritarian leaders who directly threaten democracies.”