Yellowstone’s first-ever prequel spin-off took Paramount Network by storm after giving fans insight on John Dutton’s (played by Kevin Costner) lineage. As fans await its upcoming season, Shea Brennan star Sam Elliot made a surprising revelation about the original series.  Despite having a major role in the spin-off series, Elliot revealed he wasn’t a fan of Yellowstone. This confession came during a conversation on Marc Maron’s WTF podcast, the actor explained: “I'm not a Yellowstone fan. I don't watch Yellowstone. “I love [Kevin] Costner, there are a lot of good people on the cast, a few of them I've worked with before. “Nothing against any of them, but it's just too much like f*g Dallas or something, for me," he added. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role While the series did transport viewers back 130 years before the event of Yellowstone, Elliot compared the show to the 1978 hit soap opera Dallas. The actor also shared he didn’t like the comparison between 1883 and Yellowstone. During an interview with Taste of Country Elliot disclosed: “Yellowstone is all over 1883. “We're tainted by Yellowstone, which on some level I can't stand because I think 1883 stands alone and will. He continued: “Once it comes out, people are gonna say, 'Oh, yeah. The only connection there is that it got John Dutton to Montana.’” In the series, Elliot starred as Pinkerton Agent Shea Brennan, although he was leading the group to freedom he had immense sadness in his heart. It was revealed his wife Helen and young daughter had both died after contracting smallpox and in an effort to move on he set his house alight with their bodies still inside. The following morning he was dressed in his full veteran uniform and aimed a gun towards himself but he didn't die. DON'T MISS...Holding viewers 'switch off' ITV drama after '10 minutes' [REACTION]Y 1883’s Sam Elliott recalls warning from showrunner [INSIGHT]Sam Elliott children: Who is the Yellowstone 1883 star's famous daught [INSIGHT] Instead, he wanted to lead the group of immigrants to the Oregon trail where he wanted to let his wife take one more look at the ocean through his eyes. Throughout the treacherous journey, he made friends and even almost found himself a lover but he was adamant he wouldn’t marry again. Shea got close to Neomi (Gratiela Brancusi) who was also on the trail and mourning the loss of her husband. As a woman travelling with children, without a man, she was unprotected and an easy target, Shea acknowledged this and offered his full assistance. Noemi wanted Shea to marry her, but in episode three he told her: “I had a wife, and I ain’t lookin’ for another one. You understand? I will get you to Oregon. You have my word.” Once they reached Oregon in the season finale, he took some time to look out onto the waves. Believing he had fulfilled his last wish, Shea was ready to be reunited with his family and killed himself while sitting on the beach. While Shea won’t return in season two, fans can look forward to the show coming back to screens and getting a better insight into how John’s family acquired the Dutton ranch. Y 1883 is available on Paramount Network in the USA. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 