Paris Saint-Germain head coach Mauricio Pochettino's past comments comparing Robert Lewandowski to Harry Kane make for interesting reading amid recent links. Pochettino is considered a leading Manchester United managerial candidate, and the Premier League giants are eyeing a summer move for Lewandowski. BILD report that United are ready to make an offer for the 33-year-old striker if Bayern Munich don't tie him down to a new contract soon. Lewandowski wants clarity on his future before the summer and could pursue a new challenge if he doesn't receive it. Pochettino brought the best out of Kane at Tottenham Hotspur, guiding the north London club to the Champions League final in 2019. And his previous comparisons between the England captain and Lewandowski could spark suggestions of a potential link-up at Old Trafford next season. JUST IN: Billionaire Chelsea fan gives Newcastle headache over Abramovich deal Ahead of PSG's Champions League quarter-final tie against Bayern last season, Pochettino played down suggestions his side were at an advantage because of Lewandowski's absence through injury. The Argentine coach recalled guiding Tottenham past Manchester City at the same stage in the 2018/19 campaign, largely without Kane. He said: "I have a good example. With Tottenham in the quarter-finals against Manchester City in 2019, Harry Kane was injured in the first half of the first leg. "We played almost an hour and the second leg without him, our best striker. Essentially, like Lewandowski for Bayern. And we qualified. READ MORE: Liverpool ace Fabinho accused of ‘cheating’ by Arsene Wenger "Bayern is not only Lewandowski, who is a huge player. But the real strength of Bayern is its squad, its team, enormous strength." PSG progressed on away goals after a 3-2 first-leg win at the Allianz Arena and a 1-0 defeat in the second meeting. Lewandowski's absence derailed Bayern's Champions League defence after beating the Parisiens in the 2020 final. And it's clear Pochettino would love a striker of the Poland international's stature to replicate his success with Kane if he became United manager this summer. Pochettino joins Erik ten Hag as current frontrunners to be appointed permanent boss at Old Trafford in July. But the latter is thought to be an early favourite, given PSG's inevitable reluctance to let the former Spurs coach depart. With Edinson Cavani and Cristiano Ronaldo's futures engulfed in uncertainty, United will likely target a new striker to kick start a new era. Lewandowski, and even Kane himself, could be high on the agenda if Pochettino is the club's choice to spearhead the new dawn in M16. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.