Roman Abramovich becoming Chelsea owner was "one of the worst things to happen to English football", according to former Crystal Palace chairman Simon Jordan. Abramovich is set to end his 19-year ownership of Chelsea after putting the club up for sale last week. But Jordan claims he will leave an "awful" legacy for everyone other than the Blues. Abramovich has decided to sell Chelsea due to his reported links with Russia president Vladimir Putin amid the country's invasion of Ukraine. The billionaire has received plaudits in the last week for his impact on Chelsea and the Premier League. But Jordan has offered up a completely different opinion on the 55-year-old. He says Abramovich changed the entire landscape of football in England - and not for the better. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo returns to Man Utd training as Ralf Rangnick gets double boost  “Last week people were attributing the evolution of the Premier League to Roman Abramovich,” Jordan said on talkSPORT. “With due respect, with the exception of Chelsea, Roman Abramovich was one of the worst things that could have happened to English football. “We were on a direction of travel that was already upwards, our Premier League was already flying, we already had broadcasters throwing money at us, hand over fist. “What you did [at Chelsea] was you created hyperinflation. You might have broken up the duopoly, you might have stopped the powerhouses that were Manchester United and Arsenal for a period of time. DON'T MISSManchester United warned of shameful Ralf Rangnick repeat if they hire Erik ten Hag [QUOTES]Barcelona draw up three-man priority shortlist that would complete ridiculous XI [RUMOUR]Everton boss Frank Lampard may bin four players after Tottenham ramp up relegation danger [OPINION]  “That was going to happen anyway because ownership models were changing. “What you did was change the landscape by making football so financially unviable for your own reasons." Jordan says the introduction of owners such as Abramovich has led to a change in players' mentality from what it previously was. He added: “These people aren’t buying these football clubs because they love the football clubs, they’re buying them because they want to get a life insurance policy against political leanings.  “They want to sports wash, they want legitimate regimes like Newcastle, they want to have a situation where they own our English clubs and we sit there and think ‘that’s great’, and the main beneficiaries of it are agents and players. “What have we got now? A generation of players who have no character, no backbone, no substance, get paid far too much money, the immorality of football comes up for question and I think it’s a tragedy. “Abramovich’s legacy is what? For Chelsea? Fabulous. For football in this country? I think it’s awful." Jordan even went as far as claiming Abramovich has played a part in the demise of Manchester United in recent years.  United legends Roy Keane and Gary Neville claimed on Sunday that some of the club's players had "given up" in the Manchester derby defeat to City. Jordan continued: “We’re talking about Man United players who don’t get the reality of playing, ironically, the most iconic football club in the world, and part of that is the financial landscape that was created by people like Roman Abramovich. “Good riddance, bye bye, next.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here