An Atlantic assault from Wednesday will drive out chilly winds steered into Britain by stubborn high pressure over Europe. Mild moisture-laden winds from the south will clash with cold air sitting over the UK bringing snow to parts of the country. A barrage of low-pressure systems lined up in the Atlantic and swirling around Iceland is about to put Britain’s weather through the washing machine. However, temperatures will start to soar ahead of the weekend with parts of the country forecast to see 15C. John Hammond, meteorologist for weathertrending, said: “Changes are in store as we go through this week, it had looked as though we would get some proper cold air from the east but now it looks like we will get milder southerlies. “The wind will be picking up all the while, initially it will be a chilly week but after mid-week some milder winds will waft up and temperatures will be on the rise and then we are going to see some active frontal systems. “But Thursday into Friday, perhaps some eastern areas could be getting up into the mid-teens.” Temperatures will rise through the week although it will turn increasingly wet and windy, according to the Met Office. Mild Atlantic air from the south laden with moisture meeting cold air over Britain could bring hill snow. Met Office meteorologist Alex Deakin said: “It is going to turn milder but it’s often going to be windy. “Wind is going to come in from the south, so after a cold start to the week for many of us it is going to be quite mild by Thursday or Friday.” Unsettled conditions will kick in on Wednesday with parts of the country likely to see a touch of early spring snow. Mr Deakin said: “The next set of weather fronts will edge in on Wednesday bringing quite a windy day and it will be quite a wet day where that weather front lies, and there could be some snow on the hills. “Cooler air will be over Scotland and there will be a brisk wind coming up from the south. “In the east however we should see some good spells of sunshine on Thursday, and we could be at 15C in the sunshine.” Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said Britain will turn into a ‘battleground’ between Continental cold air and stormy Atlantic winds. He said: “We are in a battle ground between the Atlantic and the cold air from the Continent. “The weather will be transitioning bringing wet days and dry days through this week.” Colder conditions currently gripping the nation have been driven by high pressure blocking Atlantic weather fronts reaching the UK.” Temperatures will rocket more than 15C by the end of the week, having started off below zero at the weekend. Heavy rain threatens to put parts of the country drenched by Storm Eunice and Franklin at the end of winter back on flood alert. Netweather forecaster Nick Finnis said: “Further wind and rain will arrive from the Atlantic across northern and western areas on Wednesday as an active frontal system moves in from the west. “Rain will spread northeast across Scotland and Northern Ireland during the morning then across north-west England and Wales during the afternoon. “Rain will be locally heavy and persistent, especially over hills, bringing some large rainfall totals by the end of the day.” Bookies are still hedging their bets on this month coming through as the coldest on record. Ladbrokes is offering 10/11 for March entering the record books from 5/4 at the weekend. Spokesman Alex Apati said: "Temperatures are ready to plummet once again, and we've been left with no choice but to slash the odds accordingly on this going down as the coldest March on record.” Gusts from the south (WX charts)