The EU member state's banks have seen fit to impose up to €5 just to withdraw money from an ATM. The changes - which have been imposed as a consequence of the UK voting to leave the bloc - will mostly affect British visitors who do not have a French bank account. The hike was implemented by French bank Credit Agricole which is also charging its own customers for money transfers coming from the UK. Some customers have even reported a new flat fee of €18 on transfers from the UK. A Credit Agricole spokesperson told Connexion that they were looking into the issue, but added that: “Each regional bank of Credit Agricole is an autonomous entity and decides its own charges policy.” Under the Single Euro Payments Area (Sepa) rules, international transfers should incur no more charges than domestic transfers. The UK is still a member of Sepa but post-Brexit British banks are not being protected by this rule. The French director for the European Consumer Centre, Bianca Shulz, said that the new measures being applied to Britain are not consistent with the rules. "Even though the UK has left the EU, it remains a Sepa member," she said. "The rules have therefore not changed with regard to Sepa transfers." Britons living in France post-Brexit have also faced difficulties retaining the right to remain abroad. In February, it was revealed that British nationals living in the bloc will not keep the advantages they had as EU citizens now that the UK has left the union. In an opinion piece published late last month, an Irish advocate general Anthony Collins said that British nationals “who enjoyed the benefits of union citizenship do not retain those advantages following the UK’s withdrawal from the EU”. The European Court of Justice (ECJ) based in Luxembourg is set to issue a formal ruling on this issue in June and the Court usually follows the advice of the advocate. The case was brought to the ECJ’s attention on behalf of Alice Bouilliez, a former civil servant who lives in south-west France, and has done so for 37 years. READ MORE: ‘No hesitation’ Defector issues chilling nuclear warning Ms Bouilliez argued against losing her voting rights in both local and European elections after saying that EU citizenship was an essential status and should not be able to be withdrawn without consent when it impacts people’s rights. The Brexit withdrawal agreement stated that the estimated 1.3 million UK citizens who legally reside in one of the 27 EU states by the end of the transition period are eligible for permanent residence, ensuring the protection of their most basic rights. However, the agreement did not secure certain rights of British nationals which they had as EU citizens including the right to live and work outside their EU residence, the right to vote and the right to stand in local and European elections. Julien Fouchet, the French lawyer representing Ms Bouilliez, stated that he had wished that voting rights would be preserved after pointing out that this client could not gain French citizenship due to her oath to the Queen as an employee of the Foreign Office. DON'T MISS:‘Paranoid' Putin 'holding back' full Russian army in 'fear' [INSIGHT]Russia's plans for stealth invasion of Baltic states laid bare [ANALYSIS]Oil Price surge: Fears of ‘de-facto lockdown’ soar [DATA] The lawyer said: “Our arguments were not heard. The advocate considers nationality is the essential criterion, that residence does not count. “He seems to think UK citizens can easily apply for dual nationality, but that is very far from always being the case.” Mr Collins argued that EU citizenship did not replace nationality granted by member states and is an additional to that nationality. He argued that the loss of pre-Brexit citizenship rights was “one of the consequences of the sovereign decision of the UK to withdraw from the EU”.