Keith Duffy made his debut in Coronation Street as Ciaran McCarthy in 2002. The cheeky Irish barman arrived in Weatherfield to see his pal Peter Barlow (played by Chris Gascoyne) who he met during their Navy days. Keith was the centre of a number of dramatic storylines in the ITV soap before he left in 2005. The Boyzone singer made a return in 2010 after taking a break from his career. However, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the 47-year-old has opened up about why he took a break from the soap and his other work commitments. The dad-of-two explained during that time he and his wife Lisa were trying to get an autism diagnosis for their daughter, Mia. Keith said he fought for a long time to get a diagnosis for Mia after they spotted a number of worrying signs when she was 18 months old. Speaking about the gap in his career, the pop star began: "It was between the time of Boyzone taking a break and getting offered the job in Coronation Street." READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5: Kayce Dutton to die after Luke Grimes clue? He continued: "I took about a year off... just over a year off in that time. "At that time it was really [about] coming to terms with trying to get a diagnosis [for Mia] and trying to figure out what was wrong." After being told there was a three-year waiting list with the NHS to get an autism diagnosis, Keith admitted he didn't "leave any stone unturned". "I kind of fought my way around," he added. "I got to know various people in different offices and you know, I kind of bullied my way around." The Boyzlife singer said it was a "living nightmare" for his family while they waited for an official diagnosis. Keith said he and Lisa were also worried about their daughter's speech as she didn't start talking until she was six years old. He explained: "There's nothing worse when you have an older child, and your older child typically is developing like any other child and this other child is so far behind with certain things. "I was distraught, sitting at night at the end of my bed crying my eyes out wondering what the hell I'm gonna do." DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck tried not to ‘break down’ during episode [INSIGHT]Coronation Street tragedy as Summer Spellman falls ill [SPOILERS]Judi Dench swoons over The Repair Shop's Jay Blades [NEWS] Following Keith's break from Coronation Street, his character Ciaran returned to the cobbles in 2010. Following his arrival, ladies' man Ciaran quickly got engaged to Michelle Connor (Kym Marsh). Although, things took a turn when Ciaran ended up gambling away their wedding fund. He promptly left the soap and Michelle stayed in Weatherfield without him. Speaking about whether he will be returning to the ITV soap, Keith teased: "Corrie was a huge turning curve in my life and my career. "It gave people the security to hire me to do the likes of Big Mikey and a handful of stars in the various theatre shows that I did. "Going back to it now, I would certainly go back in I would never say never. "I’d like to go back in and do a cameo. I'd go back in as Ciaran for maybe five or six episodes or something like that."