Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to two diamond experts, 77Diamonds’ Tobias Kormind and Steven Stone’s Maxwell Stone, about Queen Elizabeth II’s spectacular engagement ring from Prince Philip. Tobias Kormind exclusively told Express.co.uk: “Prince Philip proposed to the future Queen Elizabeth in 1946, with a ring that was surprising in many ways.” It features 11 white diamonds of the highest quality, a 3ct round solitaire and five smaller stones set on each shoulder. The ring would be worth approximately £207,000 on today’s market, yet it is far from ostentatious. A 3ct ring “offers extraordinary capacity for brilliance, sparkle and fire”, and will “capture the heart of the receiver – and all those who view it”, according to The diamond pro. READ MORE: How to clean your patio without a pressure washer Tobias continued: “The relative simplicity of this piece makes it ever more meaningful to the Royal Family. “The diamonds were sourced from an antique tiara that was owned by Princess Alice of Battenberg, Prince Philip’s mother.” This profound touch of sentimentality adds a new dimension to the monarch’s engagement ring. Prince Philip had a traumatic start to life with his family escaping from Greece with Philip in a fruit box. He and his mother were estranged for several years, but she spent her final days in Buckingham Palace alongside her only son in 1969. In 1994, Prince Philip made a speech about how his mother sheltered a Jewish family from Nazis during World War Two. “She was a person with deep religious faith, and she would have considered it to be a perfectly natural human reaction to fellow beings in distress.” By passing his mother’s legacy onto his wife, Prince Philip demonstrated “real love and commitment”, stated Tobias. “If it makes one statement, it would be just that." This would have made the Royal Family appear more “personable” at the time.In much the same way, Prince Harry incorporated diamonds from his mother, Princess Diana’s, collection, into wife Meghan Markle’s engagement ring. Despite its sentiment, the Queen’s engagement ring does not lack style, with Maxwell Stone deeming it “breathtaking”. Unsurprisingly, the monarch’s engagement ring has set trends within the Royal Family. Maxwell added: “The ring is made from a nugget of Welsh gold from the Clogau St David’s mine, near Dolgellau. “The same nugget has also been used to make Princess Anne, Princess Diana and Kate Middleton’s rings.” While the ring is already incredibly expensive, it “is likely to increase overtime, thanks to the remarkable royal who wears it”. Just as Princess Diana’s did, with the Duchess of Cambridge now owning the ring, the Queen’s majestic engagement ring will have a legacy of its own. Will Queen Elizabeth II’s ring ever sit on another royal finger?