The dramatic, explosive and undeniably epic 2021 Formula 1 season is set to be revisited and further immortalised as Netflix get up to release the new season of Formula 1: Drive to Survive. Netflix have announced the new season - the fourth of the incredibly successful docuseries - will be released on March 11. It is set to depict the incredible season and its incredible highlights, which culminated in the controversial championship finale at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. Many of the key incidents certainly included Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen, who emerged from the bitter rivalry as world champion. The dramatic race at the Yas Marina Circuit in December 2021 is undoubtedly one of the key events of the season, but there were plenty of others that watchers and fans of the show will be keen to revisit - including moments that didn’t include Verstappen or Hamilton. With plenty to be excited about, here are some of the controversial and dramatic moments of the 2021 season to look out for as Drive to Survive returns next week. Azerbaijan Grand Prix: Tyre faults and Hamilton mistake Mercedes had gotten off to a great start to the 2022 season, with Hamilton winning three of the opening five races of the season heading into Baku. JUST IN: Haas respond to Clarkson's X-rated rant about Russian driver Mazepin Red Bull and Verstappen had retaliated in Azerbaijan, with the Dutchman leading Sergio Perez as the team chased their first one-two of the season. Suddenly, Verstappen’s tyre failed with just six laps remaining, sending the cruising title leader crashing into the wall at full speed down the long straight. It led to a red flag stoppage, granting Hamilton the key opportunity to capitalise - but the seven-time world champion made a key error was he pressed the ‘magic’ button on his brakes. It meant the Brit locked up and was forced to take the run-off area at Turn 1, and he went on to finish 15th as Perez took the checkered flag on a dramatic day that would prove to be decisive come the end of the summer. British Grand Prix: Verstappen in hospital as Hamilton takes emotional win When fans look back on when the 2021 title race truly heated up, they will pick out the incredible events of Silverstone as the spark. On the first lap of the race, Hamilton and Verstappen collided with the Dutchman set flying into the barriers at 180mph after the Brit had clipped the rear wheel of the Red Bull. With Verstappen attending a nearby hospital for ‘medical checks’, Hamilton overcame a 10-second penalty to claim his eighth British Grand Prix win. The incident led to divisive comments from the Mercedes and Red Bull camps, with team principal Christian Horner accusing the seven-time world champion of ‘dirty driving’ to secure the win. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton could have stopped Max Verstappen joining MercedesHamilton’s retirement comments should strike fear into VerstappenRed Bull errors in 2021 tipped to give Hamilton the edge in Bahrain Hungarian Grand Prix: Esteban Ocon’s maiden win The Hungarian Grand Prix was another example of misfortune for Verstappen as Hamilton’s Mercedes teammate Valtteri Bottas miscalculated the opening corner and smashed into the back of Lando Norris’ McLaren, who hit the Red Bull star as a result. Bottas, Norris and Perez were forced to retire on the opening lap while Verstappen limped home in P9 with a severely-damaged car. The drama ultimately surrounded Hamilton, though. After the red flag, the rest of the field switched tyres but the Brit remained the sole driver to stick with intermediates and he unbelievably started from the grid by himself. Although he fell to the back, Hamilton cut his way through the field until he ran into former teammate and two-time world champion Fernando Alonso. The Spaniard’s sensational defensive driving held Hamilton up just enough to ensure Alpine partner Esteban Ocon secured a memorable win. Belgian Grand Prix: the shortest F1 race in history After an exhilarating qualifying session saw George Russell put his Williams on the front row alongside pole sitter Verstappen, torrential rain derailed the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa. Conditions forced the first laps of the race took place behind the safety car after delays of more than three hours, which allowed the results to be classified. FIA race director Michael Masi came under fire after a red flag ended the race prematurely, with Verstappen given the rather farcical win albeit with half-points awarded. As a result of the controversy, F1 regulations from 2022 onwards state a race must involve a minimum of two laps of green flag running without a safety car or virtual safety car in order for any points to be awarded. The scenes mean that the 2021 Belgian Grand Prix is the shortest ever race in F1 World Championship history. Italian Grand Prix: The title rivals collide again If the events at Silverstone led to the title race heating up, Monza ensured all bets were off. Tensions were notably rising around the paddock and the F1 community when the season arrived for the Italian Grand Prix in September. With McLaren surprisingly taking control of the race, Hamilton came out of a pit stop on the 27th lap marginally ahead of Verstappen as the pair battled for position at the first corner of the chicane. An unfortunate bounce off the kerb saw Verstappen's car land on top of Hamilton’s, and the pair somehow escaped the crash uninjured. “That's what you get when you don't leave enough space,” Verstappen declared over the radio, with Mercedes boss Toto Wolff criticising the Dutchman’s failure to check on Hamilton’s condition. Saudi Arabian Grand Prix: Street circuit sees tensions flare The  inaugural race at the Jeddah Circuit was home to a number of issues before Hamilton ultimately took home the win in the season's penultimate race, ensuring the two rivals would be tied on points heading into the championship finale. After Verstappen was adjudged to have cut a corner and illegally taken a position, Masi and Red Bull were engaged in strange negotiations regarding the penalty awarded - and the two title protagonists clashed twice more. It was the second of these comings together that sparked the most outrage: after been instructed to let Hamilton pass for the second time in the race, Verstappen slows down and moves to the middle of the track to allow Hamilton back into the lead. However, a miscommunication meant the Brit did not know what was going on as he smashed into the rear of his rival's car. A furious Hamilton accused the Dutchman of brake testing on lap 38, and the two men finished first and second to set up the grandstand finish in Abu Dhabi. The 22-race 2022 campaign, which was set to be a record 23 races before the Russian Grand Prix was cancelled, begins with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 20.