Android fans will soon have another new smartphone to choose from and when they see the low price and endless list of features ...they might wish they'd never splashed out on an expensive flagship. The £139.99 Motorola G22 will go on sale in the UK later this month and looks pretty impressive: it packs a 6.5-inch Max Vision display with a speedy 90Hz refresh rate, 50-megapixel camera, and mammoth battery. That 90Hz screen should ensure smartphone owners enjoy a much smoother experience when whizzing around websites or playing the latest games. This is a very usual update on such a cheap phone - even the £769 iPhone 13 only comes with a 60Hz display. Spin the G22 around, you'll find a 50MP quad-camera system that includes an impressive 118-degree ultra-wide camera lens for better landscape shots and a dedicated depth sensor for improved portraits. Head under the hood, Moto G22 packs a whopping 5,000mAh battery that should easily last a day and beyond. Motorola also says its new budget call maker is made from acrylate polymer and finished with an optical plating process for much better durability and less chance of it breaking. This case also helps protect it from elements and the odd splash of water. Sound enticing? The Motorola g22 will arrive in the UK in mid-March in two colours: Cosmic Black and Iceberg Blue. The device will be available with a starting price of £139.99 at Amazon, Argos, Currys, Giff Gaff, John Lewis & Partners, O2, Tesco and motorola.co.uk. Motorola isn't the only firm launching impressive devices on a budget with Nokia also recently announcing the launch of its new £75 C2 2nd Edition phone. This device features a 5.7-inch touchscreen display, a 5-megapixel rear camera, and two years of guaranteed security updates. There's also a case that's been designed to make it almost unbreakable with Nokia promising that the C2 should survive the knocks and bumps that would usually shatter a smartphone. It will be available in a choice of either Dark Blue or Warm Grey, with the entry-level model (with 2GB of RAM and 32GB of built-in storage –although this can be boosted up to 256GB with the microSD card slot) setting you back £74.99.