The Defence Secretary appeared via video link to discuss what the UK government is doing to help Ukrainian refugees trying to escape the Russian invasion. However, the interview took an unexpected turn when BBC Breakfast host Sally Nugent claimed Poland is doing more than the UK as she raged the government is more concerned about bureaucracy than compassion. “People are being told after travelling thousands of miles, some of them with very young children, they're being told the only way to get a visa is then to physically travel back to Paris or to Brussels," Nugent began. “We know there isn’t an appointment in Brussels until March 17, what are those people going to do today?” The MP explained the government will be looking at what they can do, replying: "I think you’re right. I think we need to do more. “The Home Secretary did have a pop-up visa system in a town closer to the border to Ukraine and I think we can do more of that. READ MORE: Holly Willoughby in tears watching young Ukrainian girl singing “I will do absolutely everything to support the quickest processing as possible. “I think it’s the right thing to do, we have done it before in other situations and certainly we will support visa processing wherever they have to be. “I think you’re perfectly right. It is difficult for people and why wouldn’t it be? To go back to Paris, we need to upscale it.” "It’s embarrassing though isn’t it because at this point it looks like the UK government is putting bureaucracy before compassion in the midst of a European crisis,” Nugent slammed. Wallace hit back: “Hang on, the government’s compassion is huge, 200,000 people under the family scheme, capped under the humanitarian scheme. “The number of Ukrainians that come to this country is huge and that is generous.” “It’s not huge compared to Poland,” Nugent interrupted before Wallace raged: “Your issue is about the speed of the process, and I understand that. “It is important that we check who turns up is who they say they are.” DON'T MISS...Camilla Cabello suffers wardrobe malfunction on The One Show [VIDEO]Vera's Mark Edwards star on filming struggles for new episodes [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise’s Neville Parker sparks unlikely romance? [SPOILERS]  Viewers took to social media following the segment to share their thoughts on the MP’s response. Nick raged: “I was about to give Ben Wallace some credit for not being too incompetent on #BBCBreakfast. Then he started trotting out the ‘Britain was first…’ and ‘Britain leads…’ lines as part of the government’s daily competition against the rest of the world, so I take it back.” (sic) Sam tweeted: “Ben Wallace - we started helping Ukraine with military aid back in 2015...... At some point in the indeterminate future, we will start helping refugees get Visas. “Why is the visa situation STILL something they are GOING to sort out one day sometime?”    Praising Nugent for holding the MP to account, Wendy wrote: “Thank you @sallynugent for asking Ben Wallace very clear and direct questions on #BBCBreakfast regarding the Ukraine immigration crisis. We need to do more NOW.” “Ben Wallace an embarrassment #BBCBreakfast,” John penned as he slammed the MP. Keith added: “’I think Britain has led on this issue’ Ben Wallace on #BBCBreakfast speaking about the response to aid and refugees.” Elaine went on to point out: “What are we going to do TODAY’ (re visa processing). Good question Sally Nugent. Wallace replies that the Government’s compassion is huge & generous!” (sic). BBC Breakfast airs daily at 6am on BBC One. 