Russia has set out its demands to end its invasion of Ukraine. Dmitry Peskov, a Kremlin spokesman, said that his country told Ukraine it is ready to halt its military action "in a moment" if Kyiv met its conditions. Vladimir Putin's ally has demanded that Ukraine change its constitution to pledge neutrality and that it recognises Crimea as Russian territory, and Luhansk and Donetsk as independent. Earlier today, Ukraine said that Russia is "manipulating" the West by claiming it will observe ceasefires to allow civilians to evacuate. Russia has been widely condemned for its aggression across Ukraine. A terrifying clash occurred between Moscow and Kyiv's troops last week when Russia attacked the Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant – the largest in Europe. Ukrainian MP Sviatoslav Yurash tells Express.co.uk that this attack was an example of how Russian President Vladimir Putin is trying to "blackmail Europe". He said: "Some of my family is in that city which was heavily shelled in recent days – near Zaporizhzhia, the biggest nuclear station in Europe. "It was obvious what the Russians were trying to do, they were trying to blackmail the world by taking the nuclear power station hostage." Since the attack, Russia has taken control of the area surrounding the nuclear power plant. Staff at Ukraine’s Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant are being told what to do by the Russian military commander who seized the site last week, in violation of international safety protocols. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) expressed “grave concern” at the situation. Russian forces shelled the Zaporizhzhia plant in the early hours of Friday morning, damaging a walkway between two of the six reactors, and starting a fire in a nearby building used for training. As a result, some of the reactors were shut down and others were put on low power. The reactors themselves are well protected by a thick concrete shell, but there is concern that more vulnerable spent fuel rods could be hit, or that the power and cooling systems could be affected, potentially triggering a meltdown. While Russian troops forced Ukrainian counterparts out of the area, they have struggled to make progress elsewhere in the country. The capital Kyiv continues to be encircled, but remains under Ukrainian control. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as hacking group infiltrates Russian state TV In recent days, there have also been reports of a 40 mile long Russian convoy stalling north of Kyiv. A Western official said that the “enormously large traffic jam” was partly the result of damaged or destroyed vehicles blocking the road, presenting Russia with “a real problem passing logistics forward to enable that force to actually move at pace”. They said: “That force has really not made any significant progress now for a number of days.” Mr Yurash, the youngest MP in Ukraine's history, tells Express.co.uk that Putin's invasion is "failing". DON'T MISS Russia is 'running out of troops' as key military misstep exposed [INSIGHT] Truss opens door for new EU deal as she swerves question FOUR times [ANALYSIS] Inside the staggering losses of Russia's oligarchs [INSIGHT] He added: "He wants to be in the history books, he will be in the history books. He will go down in history as the man who has totally failed. "He is a man who wanted to unite the Ukrainian and Russian nations, but his policy has forever destroyed any friendship there was between our two nations. "He has succeeded in that he has failed, and far as his future is concerned, we all know what happens to mad dictators who try to destroy other countries around them." Prime Minister Boris Johnson has vowed to “tighten the vice around Vladimir Putin’s regime” as he slammed the Russian president for his “utterly repugnant” invasion of Ukraine today. Mr Johnson said: “We are going to continue to work with colleagues to ensure that we tighten the vice around President Putin’s regime. “What is happening now is that the President of Russia is doubling down. “He has decided that he is going to continue with an all-out onslaught on centres of habitation in a way that we think is utterly repugnant. “It’s clear that we are going to have to do more.”