Sophie, Countess of Wessex appears to have taken on a much more high-profile role within the Royal Family in recent years, and she is known to be a great support to the Queen personally. Sophie's latest appointment is a clear indication of the Queen's approval for her daughter-in-law, as her new role once belonged to the Queen's beloved late husband Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.  The Royal Family's Instagram account shared a picture of Sophie announcing the news alongside the caption: "The Countess of Wessex has been named as the new Colonel-in-Chief of The Royal Electrical & Mechanical Engineers (REME). "For over 50 years, the role was held by The Duke of Edinburgh, and the Corps combined His Royal Highness’s enduring support of the Armed Forces, and keen interest in engineering. "To mark her new role, The Countess received REME’s Master General, Colonel and Corps Adjutant this morning." The news of Sophie's new appointment was met warmly by well-wishers, with Instagram user sheila.meloche.7 commenting: "The Countess of Wessex has some very big shoes to fill. But, she will do so with dignity and grace."  READ MORE: ‘Slap in face’ Dr Shola erupts at ‘shameful’ Royal Family Another Instagram user, sarahrussell092, wrote: "Wonderful the Countess is becoming a major Royal in an active role." Sophie held an audience with the Reme Master General Lieutenant General Paul Jaques and Colonel Jason Phillips on Wednesday to formally receive the title. Lieutenant General Jaques said the Countess' appointment would build on the legacy left by the Duke of Edinburgh. He said: "I am very much looking forward to welcoming the countess to the home of the Corps in MoD Lyneham to meet more of our amazing soldiers, see the technical training facilities and to discuss the Corps' support to all those in the Reme Family - Cadets, regular soldiers, reserve soldiers, veterans and their families.   "His Royal Highness The Prince Philip served for more than 50 years as Colonel-in-Chief of the Corps of Reme, and always took a very keen interest in the Corps' business. "We look forward to a long and happy association with the Countess, building on the legacy that the late Duke of Edinburgh leaves, in 'keeping the punch in the Army's fist'." Sophie's new military appointment was announced the day after members of the Royal Family bid their final farewell to the Duke at Westminster Abbey. Sophie was joined by her husband Prince Edward and their two children Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn for the poignant memorial service on Tuesday.  DON'T MISS:Sophie Wessex leaves royal fans ‘awestruck’ [INSIGHT]Queen gifts Royal Gibraltar Regiment new colours [ANALYSIS]Sophie Wessex ‘gorgeous’ in navy coat dress for Prince Philip memorial [PICTURES] The Wessex family were known to be incredibly close to Philip just as they are still to the Queen, living just a short drive away from Windsor Castle at Bagshot Park. The Wessexes regularly stop by to see the Queen, and it is thought Sophie has been a great confidante to the monarch in recent years. Edward is closely involved with perhaps the Duke's most legacy-defining project, The Duke of Edinburgh Award. And Louise is an equine enthusiast known for her love of carriage driving, a sport beloved and made famous by her late grandfather. 