The Chase star Anne Hegerty has confirmed she has pulled out from filming Beat the Chasers after testing positive for coronavirus. Despite admitting she was feeling well, the 63-year-old explained she would be replaced by a Chaser from the Australian version of the programme. Who will replace Anne Hegerty on Beat the Chasers? The Governess took to social media to confirm the news to her followers. Anne wrote: "Unfortunately I’ve contracted Covid-19 so won’t be filming this series of #BeatTheChasers. "The fantastic @Issa25 will be stepping in for me and I’m looking forward to watching the series when it’s on-air later this year. "I feel fine, but I'm still positive! (in all respects)." READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' Issa Schultz has been a mainstay on the Australian version of the quiz show since it began in 2015. The 38-year-old is a quiz champion Down Under, an eight-time winner of the Australian Quizzing Championships and a seven-time Pairs champion. Anne's followers rushed to wish her well, and in one response, Anne admitted she thought she'd had a cold. Twitter user @ian_bill67 commented: "My wife is an NHS nurse and has managed to avoid covid for the past 2 years, we had 3 nights in Iceland a few weeks ago and she caught it." "Yes, I too had swerved it for two years, assumed it was just a cold, did an LFT to be on the safe side..." the Chaser replied. Garreth Waites commented: "Get well soon Anne. And welcome Issa!"  While Bill added: "Well if you're not on it I'll probably give it a miss." (sic) Defending her colleagues, Anne replied: "You should absolutely watch it, it will feature six SUPERB Chasers." Another concerned fan called Chloe Cutler wrote: "Aww bless u Anne. My mum wanted to see u but she said hope u are well xx." (sic) The Governess said: "I'm fine, I just don't want her to catch anything! Makes no sense to kill off our core audience..." (sic) DON'T MISS...Carol McGiffin slams Prince Harry over safety woes 'Why's he special?' [VIDEO]Emmerdale twist as couple split following Dawn Taylor betrayal? [SPOILERS]Vera star opens up on rejection by TV bosses [INSIGHT] Issa also shared the news on social media, and in view of his 5,000 followers, he wrote: "Massive massive shoes to fill. "This Supernerd will do his best not to let you down lovely Anne #BeatTheChasers #wheresmybowtie xx." Anne has been a staple on The Chase since it first aired and is joined by Shaun Wallace, Jenny Ryan, Paul Sinha and Mark Labbett. The Governess also stars alongside Darragh Ennis, who is the latest quizzer to join the team. Anne's news came after it was confirmed Mark had been dropped from The Chase USA. The 56-year-old replied to a promotional photo of the new series of the popular programme. The official account read: "New season. New Chasers. Victoria Groce, Brandon Blackwell, and Buzzy Cohen join Brad Rutter and James Holzhauer on May 3 when #TheChase returns." However, Mark went on to state how gutted he was after the shake-up of presenters. He penned on Twitter: "Gutted to not be invited back but really excited at the new lineup. Am expecting Brandon and Victoria to wow America." The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.