Ella Ding was one of the singletons looking for love in the latest series of Married at First Sight Australia. She was matched with model Mitch Eynaud who Ella met for the first time at the end of the aisle on their wedding day. They appeared to hit it off straight away, leaving viewers feeling a little bit hot under the collar. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight Australia.When Ella and Mitch first caught sight of one another, it was clear they were smitten. She told him the experts "definitely hit the nail on the head with things I asked for", to which he flirtingly replied: "Likewise. Likewise." They were one of the first couples to have sex and for the most part, have thrived throughout the experiment. Despite some concerns, including the fact he is a few years younger than Ella, the pair went mostly unscathed by the show's challenges. READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is After filming on season nine of Married at First Sight Australia wrapped up at the end of last year, Ella returned to her hometown of Melbourne. Prior to joining the show, she worked as a beautician but it isn't believed she has yet returned to the profession or if she will. In terms of Ella and Mitch, their relationship is still going strong, having shown up to the MAFSA reunion together, hand-in-hand back in January. They had also been following each other on social media from the very beginning, unlike several of the other brides and grooms. Mitch is now considering packing his bags and moving to Melbourne to be closer to Ella. He currently resides in Queensland's Gold Coast but opened up to Woman's Day about being willing to leave for her. He said: "When you share something as special as we have, you'll do anything. "Our relationship is in a great spot. It's a bond I haven't shared with anybody before." DON'T MISS...'He LAUGHED at the joke!' Eamonn Holmes blasts Will Smith  [REACTION]Domenica MAFS Australia: Have Domenica Calarco and Jack Millar split? [EXPLAINER]Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? [CAST] For Australian fans who have already seen the entirety of the show, there were concerns it was over for Ella and Mitch. At the final commitment ceremony, Ella expressed she was happy to pursue their relationship beyond the experiment. However, at the very last minute, Mitch stated he wasn't ready to entirely commit to her and asked his bride for "patience". This didn't go down well with Ella who was in tears after their ceremony had come to an end. Ella said: "I've given it my all. I have given it my absolute all. "He's asked for patience but to me, he's just keeping his options open. "I just think it's a cop-out, that's not good enough after everything we've been through. "It's hard to imagine not… having a beach day again, you know, or random pranks, all the things that come with living with him." But with Mitch since discussing plans of moving to Melbourne for her, it seems the couple have got their relationship back on track. Married at First Sight Australia season nine is available to watch on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.