Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge are in the midst of their eight-day tour of the Caribbean, with the couple stopping in Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas to meet local communities. Though it's been billed as a tour to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, it has been dubbed a royal 'charm offensive' to stop other countries following Barbados' decision to strip the Queen as its head of state last year.  Mr Holness told Kate and William upon their visit to Jamaica on Tuesday: "There are issues here which are, as you would know, unresolved but your presence gives an opportunity for those issues to be placed in context, put front and centre and to be addressed in as best (a way) as we can. "But Jamaica is, as you would see, a country that is very proud of our history, very proud of what we have achieved. "And we're moving on and we intend to attain in short order our development goals and fulfil our true ambitions and destiny as an independent, developed, prosperous country." In a speech on Wednesday night, William echoed the sentiments of a speech given by Prince Charles in Barbados last year as it officially became a republic.  READ MORE: Dr Shola rages at Prince William in Jamaica ‘people don’t understand' He said: "I strongly agree with my father, the Prince of Wales, who said in Barbados last year that the appalling atrocity of slavery forever stains our history." He added: "I want to express my profound sorrow. Slavery was abhorrent. And it should never have happened. "While the pain runs deep, Jamaica continues to forge its future with determination, courage and fortitude." "The strength and shared sense of purpose of the Jamaican people, represented in your flag and motto, celebrate an invincible spirit."   The British Empire once spanned the world, and at its height in 1922, it encompassed a quarter of the globe home to 458 million people. But the British Empire has a controversial history and, according to Statista, 65 nations have declared independence from Britain since the 18th Century. The United States of America first declared its independence on July 4, 1776, and most recently Brunei became an Islamic sultanate in 1984. The map below shows the countries and territories that have gained independence from the UK/Great Britain as of March 23, 2022.  DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle Spotify podcast: When you can hear new Archetypes series [INSIGHT]The best photos of William and Kate's Caribbean tour so far [PICTURES]Prince Philip memorial service: Buckingham Palace announce details [EXPLAINER] While Jamaica became independent of the UK in 1962, it seems likely that Jamaica will soon take the next steps to remove the Queen as head of state. Several countries have removed the Queen as head of state during her reign, including Guyana in 1970. Trinidad and Tobago also followed suit in 1976, as did Dominica in 1978 and Mauritius in 1992.  The Queen is currently head of state in 15 countries, including: 