Chelsea's Ruben Loftus-Cheek has spoken out about his unusual centre-back appearance during Wednesday night's FA Cup win at Luton Town. The Blues survived an almighty scare against Luton, requiring two late goals to book their spot in the quarter-finals. Chelsea were up against it from the word go at Kenilworth Road, as Reece Burke headed in with less than two minutes on the clock. Saul Niguez netted his first goal for the club to tie things up, but Harry Cornick burst through and unleashed a cool finish to put The Hatters 2-1 up at the break. As the last eight beckoned, two out-of-form frontmen popped up for Thomas Tuchel, as Timo Werner scored before assisting Romelu Lukaku to seal a tense 3-2 victory. The nature of the game was not the only storyline on Wednesday evening, as Loftus-Cheek was chosen to start in the middle of a back three. JUST IN: Boreham Wood's FA Cup hero Kane Smith on Everton dream, Hibbert chats and Gordon worry Having learned his trade as a midfielder, the 26-year-old used his ability to regularly dribble out from the back, and he notched a superb assist from defence. After an intriguing but impressive performance, Blues fans were no doubt eager to hear what the player himself thought of Tuchel's odd selection decision.  After the game, he told Chelsea's official website: "It came as a surprise to me! I found out the day before that I might have to do a job there. "A lot of our defenders have got niggles and there’s some players who played 120 minutes plus penalties at the weekend.  "You have to do a job where you get put and I still tried to bring my qualities and what makes me Loftus-Cheek to the game. That’s all I could do but I really enjoyed it. "I played centre-back when I was 12 or 13, for a season or two, and I never liked it!  "But tonight was a bit different, I played as a centre-back in a back four when I was younger. "This time I had more licence to step out and create the attack from the start, so I enjoyed it." DON'T MISS...Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has decisions to make on four playersRodriguez alerts Everton boss Lampard with second hint on returnChelsea's Werner offered exit route with Blues 'ready to discuss' sale  Several years ago, it looked as though Loftus-Cheek was destined for big things in midfield, and he was selected as part of England's 2018 World Cup squad. It remains to be seen whether Wednesday's FA Cup experiment will lead to more regular game time at Stamford Bridge, albeit in defence. Tuchel may soon need the extra cover, with Andreas Christensen reportedly on the brink of confirming a switch to Barcelona at the end of the season. Antonio Rudiger could follow suit, with numerous top clubs chasing the German's signature while his contract in west London winds down.