Everton and Boreham Wood's fifth-round FA Cup tie was called to a halt with 40 minutes on the clock after the players alerted the referee to a medical emergency in the crowd. It's an all too familiar sight at football matches this season following a string of concerning high-profile incidents. However, on this occasion, there was seemingly good news at Goodison Park... Just five minutes from the interval, both sets of players could be heard shouting to get the attention of the officials and medical staff on the far side. Below the gantry, there appeared to be a distressing scene unfolding as Everton's medical staff sprinted across the pitch to be of assistance. But just a few minutes later, the game was given the green light to continue, which immediately seemed like positive news. Commentator Clive Tyldesley then issued a small update, confirming the affected supporter was able to walk away from the scene. READ MORE: Everton boss Frank Lampard's classy text message to Boreham Wood manager revealed There were moving scenes before the game when both sets of players walked out from opposite sides of the ground with Ukrainian flags. The gesture was agreed by both clubs ahead of the clash in support of the people of Ukraine and Everton full-back Vitaliy Mykolenko following Russia's invasion of his homeland. Frank Lampard handed the captaincy to Rafael Benitez's January signing on the night and the club are providing Mykolenko with additional support. The left-back was teary-eyed at Goodison Park on Saturday alongside international team-mate Oleksandr Zinchenko as both Everton and Manchester City supporters made their support for the players and Ukraine clear. Everton ensured they avoided a potential banana skin as they dug in to secure a 2-0 victory. Salomon Rondon marked a rare start with a brace as he opened the scoring by prodding home at the near post from Jonjo Kenny's low cross. The Venezuelan target man then added a second when he nodded him Andros Townsend's cross at the back post. Lampard's men will now face a trip to Selhurst Park for a place in the semi-finals at Wembley.