At the start of the phone call, a woman asks the unnamed soldier: "God, when will this end." The soldier replies by informing his grandmother the situation is "scary granny".  The soldier then explains his "whole brigade was smashed" and goes on to say he doesn't understand how he is still alive. He also made it clear he only expected the war to last two weeks. The soldier said: "I don't know how God saved me. "To be honest with you I would get the f** out of here right now and I don't care.  "The main thing is to survive the hell. We thought everything would be over in two weeks. "It's been almost a month already. "F*** this money. No one needs it." Anton Gerashchenko, an adviser to the government in Kyiv, shared the call on his Telegram account and accompanied the clip with an English translation. READ MORE: Putin suffers blow as Russian ship obliterated in Black Sea – picture  In the clip, the soldier goes on to talk about the cold and how soldiers' and officers' legs and hands are "frozen up" from living in trenches. The footage comes after another intercepted call was unearthed in which a Russian soldier can be heard complaining after he claimed half of his comrades had suffered from frostbite. He also said Kremlin-backed troops had faced fierce Ukrainian resistance and lacked proper medical supplies. The soldier revealed his unit was unable to dispose of dead bodies and had to carry them around for days. DON'T MISS:  Russian solider describes unit being 'torn apart' by Ukrainian troo... [REVEAL] Macron attempts to grab front row spot next to Biden snubbed [INSIGHT] Putin 'clearing his conscience' after cancer diagnosis claims  [SPOTLIGHT] He also complained about having a lack of body armour. The news comes as Vladimir Putin's invasion stalls, with Moscow yet to capture a major Ukrainian city. Russia has also failed Ukrainian air defences and therefore lacks the necessary air cover to make a major assault. As a result, Russian troops are largely holding positions they have already established rather than making gains. There have also been concerns about the effectiveness of their supply lines in terms of food and fuel. 