News of the city’s capture was made known in the early hours of day eight of Putin’s invasion – today, on Thursday. The city, located in the south of Ukraine, was home to around 300,000 people. It is an important port on the Black Sea and on the Dnieper River. Igor Kolykhaiev said this morning “armed visitors” had stormed a council meeting and imposed new rules. These are reported to have included a strict curfew from 8pm to 6pm. Pedestrians must also walk one by one – a maximum of two – so as not to provoke suspicion. Mr Kolykhaiev begged Russian soldiers not to shoot those living in the city. He, quoted in MailOnline, said: “We don't have the Ukrainian Armed Forces in the city, only civilians and people who want to LIVE here!” In order to prevent further damage, he asked Kherson residents to obey commands from Russian troops. He urged those in the city to follow his demand: “The military will not be provoked. “Stop at the first demand. READ MORE: Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' “They do not seek conflict.” He further expressed his sorrow over what he had hoped to do as Mayor, compared to the situation Putin’s invasion had put him – and the rest of his country – in. In a touching message, he said: “I came to renew infrastructure, invest in Kherson, build houses, roads, parks and a new life for my hometown. DON'T MISS: Russia sanctions will be 'more painful' to EU [OPINION] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Iran blames West for Putin invading Ukraine in sensational attack [REVEAL] “As a result [of the invasion], I'm looking for special packages for the killed, putting the whole world on my shoulders, asking for a 'green corridor' and thinking HOW should I now rebuild the city after tanks and APCs.” As troops entered the city, Mr Kolykhaiev stressed there was no Ukrainian Army Forces present – suggesting Russian troops were able, in the last instance, to enter with little resistance. Meanwhile, Ukraine’s two largest cities, Kyiv and Kharkiv, continued to be bombarded overnight and most reports suggest, despite strong resistance, they are bound to fall. Journalist Oliver Carroll, reporting from Ukraine, said in an update on the situation this morning on Twitter: “Ukraine is breaking my heart right now. “The sight of humanity fleeing to the unknown. Of underslept, stunned children, staring into the distance. Of babushkas doing their best to comfort grandkids, but crying when they aren’t looking. Of huge crowds but deafening silence.”