Prince William recalled the highlights from the first leg of his tour to three Caribbean nations in a personal letter shared on the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's Twitter account. Speaking also on behalf of Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, the second-in-line to the throne wrote: "Catherine and I are delighted to be here in Belize at the beginning of our first official visit to the Caribbean. "I am honoured to convey the very warmest wishes from my grandmother, The Queen of Belize, on the occasion of her Platinum Jubilee." Sharing several pictures taken during the engagements they carried out, William continued: "In our short time here, Catherine and I have been lucky enough to witness some of the extraordinary biodiversity that you so lovingly nurture here in your jungles and your reefs. "Alongside this environmental diversity, yesterday we also had a taste of Belize’s wonderful cultural diversity - from Mayan chocolate to Garifuna drumming. "And yes, you even got us dancing!" Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here William's mention of dancing referred to the day he and Kate spent in Hopkins, a village in Belize. After visiting a local cocoa farm, the Duke and Duchess met people from the small coastal town, considered the cultural centre of the Garifuna community. To celebrate the royal visit and allow the couple to soak in the local culture, Kate and William were treated to a traditional Garifuna festival. And, much to the delight of royal fans, both the Duke and Duchess were quick to join in. READ MORE: Prince William makes rare reference about Prince Harry on Belize trip Local organiser Laura Cacho recalled the event after dancing with the future King: "They were shaking their waists like nobody’s business." Speaking about the Duke, she continued: "He shook his waist to the music. "He had beautiful rhythm. It was a pleasure for me. "Kate was excellent as well and definitely has Garifuna culture in her."  The royal message to Belize was hugely appreciated by royal fans. One, @Cherylsmilesx, wrote on Twitter: "What a wonderful place Belize is. "The beauty of the Country and the welcome of the people. A fantastic start to #RoyalTourCaribbean". Another social media user, @paula080411, said: "I’ve really enjoyed watching you and Catherine in Belize. "What a beautiful country! Thank you for taking us with you. Safe travels". And a fan Twitter account of the Duke and Duchess, @loveforcambridg, added: "I absolutely loved your days in beautiful Belize and I enjoyed all the engagements. "I'm ready to follow your time in Jamaica now and I'm sure it will be a huge success". Kate and William's whirlwind tour in the Caribbean began on Saturday, when they landed in Belize at 3pm local time. Today, the pair are travelling to Jamaica, where they will carry out a number of engagements including meeting the Jamaican Defence Force and celebrating local musicians. In the country, however, the Cambridges are facing a strong pro-republic movement and protesters who are reportedly planning to gather in Kingston to demand slavery reparations. The final leg of the tour will be in The Bahamas, where Kate and William are to experience a world-famous junkanoo parade and meet with members of the communities across a number of the nation's islands. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are to return to England on Saturday.