Tourism faced an extremely difficult period during Covid. However, even though most restrictions have now been lifted, a huge rise in the price of energy is stalling recovery. Dimitris Diavatis, who owns a summer resort in the Greek destination of Corfu, told Reuters the issue was a “real crisis”. He said that electricity bills had crushed his hopes of recovering profits after the pandemic, saying: “We won’t make a profit in a good year. It’ll be eaten up by inflation.” Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is likely to lead to further energy price surge across Europe. Diavatis told Reuters: “This will be a real crisis for us. I won’t say it’s worse than the pandemic because at least we’re open. READ MORE: Canary Islands lift more restrictions for Britons “But we didn’t lose money then. Now we’re heading towards losing money.” Tourist destinations have also been impacted by staffing shortages as many people changed careers during the pandemic. Meanwhile, some styles of accommodation have struggled to meet the increasing demand for high standards for cleanliness and space following the pandemic. In Italy, many hotels have been forced to close for good according to Marina Lalli, president of the Federturismo industry association in the country. She said Italy struggles as “a mature tourist destination with a mature hotel structure that needs to be renewed. “In the post-Covid era, tourists are even more attentive to quality, they want a guarantee of cleanliness and to feel safe.” While bookings have surged following the lifting of Covid restrictions across Europe, experts say tourists are seeking a different kind of holiday. Exceltur found that campsite rentals were up almost 20 percent in 2021 and flat rentals rose by over 15 percent. Meanwhile, hotel usage fell by eight percent. Motorhome and camper van sales rose by an incredible 34 percent according to the Spanish Association of the Caravanning Industry and Trade. This is thought to be due to tourists’ desire to avoid busy places and seek destinations with fewer people. Rented flats, motorhomes or camping all offer more privacy and space than an all inclusive hotel. Another hotel owner told Reuters: “I’ll be happy if at the end of the season I don’t owe my staff, I don’t owe the state, I don’t owe the energy provider, even if I’m left with 10 euros (£8.24) in my wallet.” Many hotels were forced to close during the pandemic and resorts such as Benidorm suffered thousands of cancellations. According to easyJet data, more than 30 percent of Britons want to holiday in Spain this year. However, many of those may be looking to avoid hotels and try a rented flat or camping holiday instead. British tourists driving to Spain will need to have a UK sticker instead of a GB sticker on their car.