Songstress Britney Spears celebrated releasing herself from the clutches of a strict conservatorship recently, opening up about how she'd love to get pregnant and marry her boyfriend Sam Asghari. Now, however, the happy and thankful tone has changed after a post complaining that being loved caused others to take advantage of her - and only a day after that, her Instagram account disappeared completely. It was deactivated yesterday, leaving millions of followers hitting a wall when they tried to access the "unavailable" page. Instagram officials told TMZ that they did not remove the page, suggesting that the star had deleted or deactivated it voluntarily. Perhaps Britney was living up to the adage that what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas after making comments about planning a trip there. On Tuesday she told fans she longed to visit Sin City as a tourist, recalling that she'd never had the opportunity before. READ NOW; Demi Rose stuns fans as she risks wardrobe malfunction "The only thing I've known when I used to go to Vegas was a hour long meet and greets with 40 people every night getting the worst pics of me and then a two hour show!" she wrote forlornly. "Let's just say this time visiting it gave me a whole new perspective on what it means to live! "Being able to go to the spa was a highlight as well and you know what? Don't ever pity me like my masseuse does. "'People do love you!' Huh? Huh? I don't want to be loved. I want to be feared! Being loved and being nice got me taken advantage of so take [your] pity and go f*** yourselves!" she raged in defiance. The tone of the post is significantly different than other recent addresses to fans when she gave heartfelt thanks to them for supporting her during the conservatorship. However it's unlikely that we have heard the last from her, after stories circulated that she could be releasing her own tell-all book to rival the one her sister published earlier this year. Page Six reported that Britney has already signed on the dotted line with Simon and Schuster in a $15 million (£11.3 million) deal. DON'T MISS... Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [INSIGHT] 'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [LATEST] Robert Rinder shares update on partner Oksana's Ukrainian family [UPDATE] he also posted a photo of a typewriter on Instagram, along with a query to fans about whether she should start from the beginning. While Britney reports she is just beginning to enjoy the pleasures she lost to her 13-year conservatorship, and defiantly posing nude in a bid to regain her power, it seems some she has not completely reconciled with her family. The 40-year-old showbiz star has said she thinks her father Jamie belongs in prison. She also shared her disappointment at her sister Jamie-Lynn after she released a tell-all book including accusations about the singer. Britney denounced her sister and vehemently denied claims in a series of furious posts fired off on Twitter. She recently celebrated regaining her freedom of speech after the conservatorship that restricted her life came to an end back in November. However now Britney seems to have removed her right to converse with her 40 million online followers - on Instagram, at least. Her Tiktok and Twitter accounts still remain in full view, with a recent tweet gushing: "Good God I love my fans so much it's crazy."