Fortnite developer Epic Games is taking the game offline for server maintenance as part of update 19.40. The next major Fortnite update has a March 1 release date on PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X/S, Xbox One, PC, Android and Switch. Unfortunately, however, update 19.40 will launch alongside a period of server downtime, which means no Fortnite for at least a couple of hours. If you're wondering how long Fortnite will be offline for server maintenance, check out the details below for the full update 19.40 downtime schedule. According to Epic Games on Twitter, Fortnite matchmaking will be disabled at 8.30am GMT in the UK. If you're already in a match before 8.30am, you can continue to play until servers go offline in full at 9am GMT UK time. At 9am GMT (4am ET), nobody will be able to play Fortnite, and anybody already in a game will be kicked out until maintenance ends. "Prepare to Swing into the v19.40 update scheduled for release on March 1st. Downtime will begin at 04:00 AM ET, with matchmaking being disabled 30 minutes before," Epic tweets. While there's no official end time for the server maintenance, downtime typically lasts for around two hours. Unless something goes wrong, this means you'll be able to jump back in to Fortnite at around 11am GMT at the very latest. Express Online will keep this article updated with any new developments. The new update will lay the foundations for the Naomi Osaka Icon Series skin, items and tournament. "An inspiration to many, Naomi Osaka — tennis champion, activist, fashion designer, and entrepreneur — is soon taking on her next challenge. "And you get to join her on the adventure! Noami Osaka’s dropping onto the Fortnite Island as the latest member of the Icon Series, with her Outfits and accessories becoming available Thursday, March 3, 2022, at 7 PM ET. "Eager to serve an ace even before owning the Naomi Osaka Outfits? Compete in the Naomi Osaka Cup happening March 2! The top-performing players in each region will unlock both Outfits and both Pickaxes/Back Blings of the Naomi Osaka Set, as well as a Spray."