Manchester United are continuing to explore their options when it comes to naming a permanent successor to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at the end of the campaign. And it’s Ajax boss Erik ten Hag who seems to be in pole position to take over. While Julen Lopetegui and Mauricio Pochettino are both admired, there’s a sense it’s the 52-year-old who will end up being given the task of re-awakening a sleeping giant this summer. Manchester United thought they were on track for title glory when they renewed Solskjaer’s contract last summer, shortly after their narrow Europa League final defeat to Villarreal. Yet the Norwegian was unable to get the best from his star-studded squad this term, resulting in his sacking back in November less than 24 hours after a chastening 4-1 defeat to Watford. United have been taking their time when it comes to hiring a new manager ever since, with Ralf Rangnick hired on an interim basis in December to see them through to the summer. Pochettino and Lopetegui have both been linked, despite the pair being contracted to Paris Saint-Germain and Sevilla respectively. However, Ten Hag now seems to be their No 1 target with the Ajax boss recently sitting down with John Murtough for a formal interview. Should he get the job, as expected, then the Dutchman is likely to see many players leave the club. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Paul Pogba’s criticism of his time at Old Trafford suggests he’ll leave on a free transfer and Jesse Lingard will go while exits for Eric Bailly, Nemanja Matic, Juan Mata, Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford are possible as well. However, with Bruno Fernandes and Cristiano Ronaldo set to stay, the Red Devils can provide Ten Hag with a brilliant double act right from the start. Ronaldo has been linked with a move away from the Red Devils, particularly if they fail to secure a spot in next season’s Champions League. But recent reports have suggested the veteran is now ready to stay and help the club try and achieve the glory days they experienced during Sir Alex Ferguson’s time at the helm. While Ronaldo isn’t the same speedy superstar he was at Real Madrid, there’s no denying the 37-year-old remains one of the best players in world football. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message His recent hat-trick against Tottenham was evidence the magic still remains and if United can create enough chances for him, he’ll take them. Ronaldo is still worth keeping due to his quality on the field, with his tally of 12 Premier League goals the same amount as the likes of Harry Kane and Sadio Mane. It’s just one less than Son Heung-Min and Diogo Jota, too. Unlike Ronaldo, those players are in their prime. The United star doesn’t press but Ten Hag has previously hailed the veteran, saying in 2019 before a Champions League clash between Ajax and Juventus: "I think it's nice if Ronaldo plays. "We want to play against the best possible opponent. That's a challenge and we like to face challenges. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It's fantastic if you can compete against a player like Ronaldo." United do need a younger striker but Ronaldo’s goals are vital and cannot be understated, even if there’s an acceptance the years are starting to catch up. Then, for the second part of the double act, is compatriot Bruno Fernandes. When Ronaldo returned in the summer after 12 years away, many were drooling over the prospect of his partnership with Fernandes. After all, the midfielder had netted 28 times across all competitions last term - a staggering amount for somebody playing in that position. Yet while Fernandes’ goals have dried up in comparison to before, he remains an integral part of the team. On his day, the playmaker is one of the world’s best. He’s scored nine goals this term and clocked up 13 assists from 37 matches across all competitions. Those figures actually mean that both Fernandes and Ronaldo have managed 21 goal involvements each, a remarkable stat given their dire campaign so far. Fernandes is now primed to pen a new contract with the Red Devils, with an announcement potentially due before the end of the international break. With both Portuguese stars likely to stay put, rather than leave, Ten Hag will be inheriting two players capable of raising the levels of the club. At such an uncertain time, that at least should be food for comfort as the 52-year-old edges closer to the job.