Visceral or belly fat loss is a complicated matter as it differs from subcutaneous fat. The appropriate methods to speed up belly fat loss are simplified by one defining factor. This includes eating more protein in your diet. With this in mind, what are three types of food you should be including in your everyday diet to increase satiety and reduce belly fat? Protein induces satiety faster than fats and carbohydrates, and also keeps blood insulin levels from spiking. Frequent insulin spikes can lead to constant elevated blood glucose, and even diabetes. If your blood sugar goes too high, then insulin will shuttle more fat around your middle. In a study published in the National Library of Medicine, the effect of increasing consumption of pulses and wholegrains in obese people were analysed. The study compared weight loss, metabolic outcomes, and nutrient intakes in obese people assigned to a diet rich in pulses and wholegrains or a control diet. The randomised controlled study of 18 months involved 113 participants. The intervention group was advised to consume two serves of pulses and four serves of wholegrain foods per day as substitutions for more refined carbohydrates. Waist circumference was decreased at 18 months in the intervention compared with the control group. The study concluded: “Incorporation of pulses and wholegrain foods into a weight loss program resulted in a greater reduction in waist circumference compared with the group consuming a control diet.” Lentils will keep you fuller for longer thanks to their unique combination of fibre, carbohydrates and protein. In fact, lentils contain roughly 17.9 grams of protein which improves satiety and reduces snacking. Dietitian Breanna Crawley said: “They provide a good source of protein and are gluten free. “They’ll also help to keep you fuller for longer and help you beat those 3pm sugar cravings.” Black beans contain 15.2 grams of protein. Beans are one of the healthiest foods you can consume, but they are specifically great for belly fat loss. This is due to their high content of soluble fibre, which fights inflammation that cause belly fat accumulation. Some studies have linked the consumption of beans to a reduced risk of obesity. Chickpeas are great for losing weight since they're loaded with fibre, which keeps you feeling fuller longer. Chickpeas have around 14.5 grams of protein, again aiding in satiety and reducing snacking. In 2010, a study was conducted to test chickpeas. The results showed that its intake lowered the food consumption in 42 participants over a 12-week study. The same people were later asked to follow their regular diet for weeks. Results showed that the level of satiation after eating chickpea was higher.