After years of butting heads and battling for territory, Sully (played by Kane ‘Kano’ Robinson) eventually snapped at up-and-coming dealer Jamie (Micheal Ward) at the end of Top Boy season two. It was evident throughout the Netflix series that Sully wasn’t as on-board as partner Dushane (Ashley Walters) was with one day letting Jamie take over their criminal enterprise and in the final moments of the season two finale, he arrived at Jamie’s flat to plant a bullet between his eyes. His actions will undoubtedly send shockwaves through Summerhouse - but here are four major clues that suggest Jamie’s death may never have actually happened. WARNING: This article contains major spoilers from Top Boy. One possible explanation for Jamie’s “death” at the end of Top Boy season two could be that it was a manifestation of Stef’s (Araloyin Oshunremi) imagination. As soon as Jamie opened the door, Sully shot him twice in the chest before entering the flat and standing over Jamie’s body. When he does, he looks a shellshocked Stef right in the eyes before planting a bullet in Jamie’s head. There are a few seconds of silence before he does so, however, and it seems slightly odd that Stef was the one in the doorway watching on when he was initially on the other side of the kitchen washing up while brother Aaron (Hope Ikpoku Jr) was the one sat by the door. READ MORE: Who is Bobby Raikes in Top Boy? What did Dushane do to him? Aaron also doesn’t arrive by Stef’s side until Sully is on his way out of the flat, meaning only Stef is the one who witnessed his brother die. Stef also remains silent throughout which - granted could be down to his shock - seems out of place as surely he would’ve screamed or tried to jump to his brother’s aid before Sully shot the third and final bullet. Sully also seemed to have no problem with leaving Stef as a witness, so with so many questionable moments in his interaction with Sully, could it be because he’s envisioned it rather than it happening? Jamie wasn’t supposed to be the one to answer the door as Stef told his brothers Tia (Conya Toccara) was on her way to deliver a “surprise” for his siblings. Tia did arrive at the flat but was a few seconds too late as she arrived to find Stef and Aaron clamouring over Jamie’s body. However, another rather odd moment happened on her way into the flat which could suggest the chaos viewers saw take place never happened and Sully wasn't really there. When approaching the flat, Tia would surely have heard the screams coming from Stef and Aaron but didn’t look alarmed or even adjust her speed on approach. Not only that, Top Boy viewers see Sully supposedly leave the flat and walk right past Tia, although Tia didn’t even acknowledge Sully’s presence as he paced past and didn’t even shoot a look back despite the noise. DON'T MISS:Top Boy season 3: Ra'Nell to make surprise return after Jamie death? [THEORY]Top Boy's Ashley Walters speaks out on Hackney filming challenges [QUOTES]Erin Kellyman age: How old is the Top Boy star? [EXPLAINER] Again, could this support the theory Sully was never actually there given Tia was unmoved while crossing his path on her way to the flat - despite the mayhem emerging from the flat? Sully is no stranger to taking deadly measures to ensure - what he deems - the safety of his and Dushane’s business. Case in point being Dris (Shone Romulus) who betrayed his best pal Sully in season one - yet his murder went down very differently to Jamie’s. Sully arrived at Dris’ flat and insisted he joined him in a secluded location, keen not to kill his former best friend in front of his family and in his own home. Even when Dris tried to slam the door on him, Sully stayed patient and told him he wasn’t going to get away with the betrayal before leading him away and shooting him. Sully killed Dris with no witnesses and away from his daughter and other half, but when it came to Jamie, he’s supposedly happy to not only kill him in front of his siblings but look them in the eye and make it easy for them to identify him. Surely this isn’t how Sully would go about killing his nemesis and his track record certainly suggests it’s out of the norm. The fact Sully killed only Jamie in the final few moments proves he only wanted to murder the drug dealer and was keen not to have Stef or Aaron caught in the crossfire. So given how quickly he shoots as soon as the door opens, surely he’s risking the fact it could have been either of Jamie’s brothers. Jamie being the one to open the door only to be shot without Sully really having the opportunity to identify it’s him is pretty convenient given it’s a one in three chance. After all, both Aaron and Stef have grown a lot since season one into tall young men so all three are similar in stature at a glance. Could this alignment of the stars again be down to Stef’s worst-case scenario manifestation mentioned earlier? Fans will have to wait until season three drops to see if the theory comes to fruition but there are certainly enough clues to ponder on. Top Boy seasons 1-2 are available to stream on Netflix now. Top Boy: Summerhouse seasons 1-2 are available to stream on Netflix now.