Jim Street, 34, bought a 2017 Audi R8 Spyder Quattro V10 from a third-party dealership just nine months ago for £87,000. He noticed last week the vehicle was starting to make a noise, which would get louder and more frequent the faster he would drive, despite having had the car serviced at Nottingham Audi just days earlier. The initial service, including four new tyres and various repairs, cost £4,500. But, two weeks after taking the vehcile back to Nottingham Audi, Mr Street was issued with a bill of £31,289.50 for repair work which included a new gearbox. The mechanism itself cost around £29,000 including VAT. Speaking to Nottinghamshire Live about the experience, the motorist said: "I was expecting it to be somewhere between £5,000 and £10,000, looking at the parts on a new car it should not be that much. "I'm in disbelief, I've never had an experience quite like it. "That's enough for a deposit on a house, who has that kind of money to give out and say here you go, crack on?" Mr Street says he refuses to pay the bill and it has caused him significant stress. He added: "It's a dream car for me and I'm having to pay for it and have not got it, getting that bill was quite a shock and I've had to adjust to receiving such a bill. "I ended up cancelling some engagements because of stress, it has made me feel low."  Audi says it intends to resolve the issue with the client but noticed the "vehicle's performance has been modified beyond the factory specification". But Mr Street, from Kingston-on-Soar, Nottinghamshire, believes the dealership could trying to convince him to sell the blue car to them because of a line on the bill, which states: "We buy cars for cash and can settle any finance" along with a contact number. He continued: "The amount of money I've been asked to pay is wholly unrealistic and extortionate. I've never seen a bill that high for a car repair in my life. "I feel it's not been appreciated how much that is for a gearbox, and feel as though I have not been supported and a solution has not been offered. "The dealership told me it's because the car has been modified, and if it had not been modified then the part would be free, but I have not been told of any modifications when I bought it and I have not made any to it. "Alarm bells started ringing when I saw the offer to buy cars on the invoice, and it felt like saying they wanted me to sell the car at a lesser price, along with the astronomical bill."  A spokesperson for Audi UK said: " Audi UK is aware of the situation regarding Mr Street. "Nottingham Audi has diagnosed the vehicle and found that the vehicle's performance has been modified beyond the factory specification. "Audi UK agrees with the findings and can confirm that Nottingham Audi will be in touch with Mr Street in a bid to try and resolve the matter." 