Olivia, 27, starred in season nine of Married At First Sight Australia, where she hoped to find the perfect partner. Her romance with Jackson got fans talking, but she has recently been at the centre of some controversy on the show. It seems things could have become worse for her though as she will be making an appearance in an upcoming reunion episode, where it's hinted she and Jackson are no longer an item. The "couple" are seen sitting together as they are asked to share their "big news". The trailer then sees expert Mel Schilling then asking: "Who ended the relationship?" Samantha Moitzi informs Al Perkins that "they are breaking up". Could the episode see the favourite pair calling it quits? The trailer certainly seems to suggest Olivia and Jackson will go their separate ways. READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is Fans would be shocked if the two have split, as their romance was a popular story with viewers. However, although the clip seems to point viewers towards the two, the comments may not be about them in reality. It comes as Olivia has endured a string of setbacks following her controversial behaviour on the show. The biggest incident came when she discovered a naked photo of Domenica Calarco via her now-deleted OnlyFans account and shared it with her fellow contestants. A huge bust-up followed, and the Married at First Sight Australia experts condemned Olivia for her actions. Olivia also recently revealed she had lost her job as a result of the incident. The teaching student claimed she'd been dismissed from her job as a "direct result" of being on the show. Olivia also admitted the backlash to her actions from the public left her feeling "a shell of a person". Speaking on 2Day's Hughes, Ed and Erin, she explained: "I’ve already lost my job as a direct result of this show." DON'T MISS... Matt Baker swears as he struggles to park family caravan [VIDEO]Celebrity Bake Off viewers disgusted by Yung Filly's 'cow pat' bake [REACTION]EastEnders spoilers: Mick Carter delivers devastating news to Linda [SPOIER] When asked if she regrets taking part in the series, she replied: "I don't as I've got some beautiful girlfriends from it, and I don't as I've got Jackson." Co-star Ella Ding responded to the news that Olivia had lost her job at a Sydney school. She commented: "I wouldn't wish it upon anyone to not feel safe to leave their house, and I have heard that Olivia feels that way." Speaking to Yahoo, she added that Olivia could have resolved the situation. "She could have apologised when it aired," Ella added. "She could have apologised in interviews. "There have been plenty of opportunities for her to just say, 'You know what, I'm actually sorry' and it would probably help her and make her look like the bigger person." Olivia had been working as an assistant at Sydney's Western Suburbs until recently. Married at First Sight Australia is available to watch on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.