Prince Harry, 37, is to miss his grandfather the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service, it has been confirmed. The Duke of Sussex will not return to the UK from the US to join the royal family at the high-profile occasion in Westminster Abbey on March 29, a spokesperson for the duke confirmed. Columnist Ali Miraj hit out at Harry for security demands. Speaking to Jeremy Vine on 5, Mr Miraj said: "It's a personal choice for Prince Harry. He obviously was very close to his grandfather but he's not coming because there's this ongoing dispute going on over his security arrangements. "He is in legal proceedings with the Home Office. "He wants his security to be provided, he's happy to pay for his security but my view on that is you made your decision to go off to Hollywood and have a different life and become a celebrity. "But the police are not at your beck and call. READ MORE: George's godmother says close bond is 'lovely way' of honouring Diana "We don't have random police officers waiting to serve you whenever you feel like turning up so I don't believe that the state should provide support to him in that way." The duke has pursued a legal challenge against the Home Office after being told he would no longer be given the "same degree" of personal protective security when visiting from the US, despite offering to pay for it himself. He was last in London in the summer of 2021, when it is understood his security was compromised after his car was chased by paparazzi photographers as he left a charity event. The duke wants to bring his son Archie and baby daughter Lilibet to visit from the US, but he and his family are "unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous, a legal representative previously said. The judge in the High Court case, Mr Justice Swift, will give his ruling on February's preliminary proceedings, part of which may be confidential, at a later date. Philip died just under a year ago in April 2021 at the age of 99. Harry flew back from California, without the Duchess of Sussex who was heavily pregnant at the time, to attend the duke's funeral in St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle. The guest list was trimmed from 800 to only 30 guests amid Covid restrictions, and the Queen sat alone in mourning for her husband of 73 years. DON'T MISS Worrying reason why Queen missing Commonwealth Day service [VIDEO]Meghan 'never a good fit' for Royal Family duties as it's 'all others' [INTERVIEW]Harry and Meghan sparking 'disenchantment' in Americans [INSIGHT] The service of thanksgiving for Philip in just over two weeks' time is a chance for family, friends, dignitaries and representatives of the charities and organisations which Philip was associated with to gather together in tribute to him. Harry - one of the Queen and Philip's eight grandchildren - last returned to the UK to unveil the statue of his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales on July 1 with the Duke of Cambridge. The brothers have faced a long-reported rift. The day before on June 30, Harry met seriously ill children and young people at a WellChild garden party and afternoon tea in Kew Gardens, west London, after which he was said to have been chased by the paparazzi.