Simon Rimmer joked he “hated” his Steph’s Packed Lunch co-star Steph McGovern as she sprayed him with a water pistol during a cheeky prank backstage. Taking to her Instagram story, 39-year-old Steph joked you should “never give [her] a water pistol”.    In view of her 77.9k followers, Steph posted a video as she sprayed another co-star, Luke Kempner, with water. She knocked on his dressing room door, and as he opened it she squealed with mirth and squirted water at his face. He screamed and ran away, before shouting: “Pathetic! I’m trying to work here!” Steph then made for her next victim - a producer on the show who tried to dodge out of the way but failed. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty addresses BBC Breakfast absence as she slams backlash     “So who is next?” asked Steph as she walked through the Channel 4 building. She then spotted celebrity chef Simon, and greeted him casually while standing outside his dressing room. Steph clearly hoped he would walk out and into her warpath, and she grimaced as he stayed hidden from view. But as she began desperately calling his name, Simon eventually emerged.   Steph immediately sprayed him with water from her mini pistol and Simon looked utterly bemused. “I hate her,” he told the cameraperson. Earlier in the week, Steph was joined by former BBC Breakfast host Louise Minchin, who explained the reaction she received when she quit the show last summer. "My boss at the time was very surprised when I told him I was going to leave,” she said. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal [INSIGHT]Britney Spears thinking about getting 'a boob job' after weight loss [UPDATE]'Won't be cancelled' Expert on Piers Morgan's war on cancel culture [ANALYSIS]  "Lots of people who watch BBC Breakfast were really surprised too." Steph replied: “I was shocked. Normally I know what is going on before everything happens." Guest Russell Kane joked that Louise should have announced she was making an exit from the show live on air before telling anyone.  Louise, 53, replied: "Do you know what? I was really tempted.     "But they were really nice to me when I left and I’ve left on good terms." Announcing her departure, Lousie told viewers at the time: "I have absolutely loved being part of [BBC Breakfast]. "I will really miss it but it is time now to stop that alarm, early in the morning. "And thank you for watching all of those years as well."    