James Martin returns to ITV this morning with the latest episode of his cooking show Saturday Morning. This will see him chatting to personal trainer Joe Wicks as well as inviting over chefs on his show to cook up some dishes. In a candid chat recently, the television chef admitted he’s very close with others in his industry. On a new podcast, James was opening up about the nice things fellow chefs have said to him over his career. In particular, many have been praiseworthy of him for letting them come on his show. He said: “I feel I owe it to my industry, the industry that I fell in love with, to give something back.  READ MORE: Rylan told to 'grow up' and stop ‘mincing about' amid Ukraine crisis “That’s my way of doing it, if I can do anything. These guys are amazing people.” James went on to admit while some may think the industry is full of “backstabbers” that is not his own experience. The chef added to the Talkshire podcast at the end of February: “You’re learning off each other, that’s the great thing about this job. “Everybody thinks that they’re all backstabbing everybody but there’s none of that.  “It’s a massive industry but also a small industry. “Covid has brought us together more than anything else.” James has been open about struggling during the pandemic, as well as wanting to help fellow chefs when restaurants were closed. Elsewhere, James recently took to social media to apologise to his fans.  DON'T MISS... 'Horrible, tragic' Martin Lewis bids farewell after worrying warning [INSIGHT]'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [PICTURES]Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [INSIGHT]  This came after he failed to advertise his latest project to his followers. Posting on Tuesday, he shared how he made dinner at The Greyhound in Stockbridge for some lucky diners. He shared a few pictures of the pub and its owners as he posted the update. Alongside these, James wrote: “Last night I took over this place for a dinner for 70 guests.  “It is owned by some good friends of mine, Lucy and Alex in Stockbridge. “Great evening and it was a pleasure to do. “Sorry I didn’t advertise tickets, it sold out in minutes. “Thank you to all who came along!” You can listen to James Martin’s full podcast here. 