Ibinabo Jac has played DC Jac Williams in Vera since 2018, and she has quickly become a firm favourite with ITV fans. Jac is usually found in the office working alongside DC Mark Edwards (played by Riley Jones), while Vera (Brenda Blethyn) and her sidekick Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) are out and about interviewing witnesses. Before Ibinabo landed her first TV role in Vera, she had featured in many West End Show including the likes of Dreamgirls and The Bodyguard. Speaking with Express.co.uk, the actress admitted some scenes don’t make the final cut because of a number of blunders. The actress began: “There are so many things that happen that don't make the final because we couldn't keep it together or certain shots that just looked funny. “Kenny had to do a thing of pretending to walk down a flight of stairs." READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn   Recalling how her co-star had to fake the scene, Ibinabo continued: "The stairs didn't exist, so we had to fake that he was going down the stairs and on set it looked ridiculous, but brilliant when we watched the episode back.” Ibinabo went on to add because the cast gets on so well, they sometimes get the giggles and they have to try and compose themselves while filming. Discussing what goes on behind the scenes and how they try to stay in character, the Jac Williams star said: “Brenda will do an impression or there'll be a joke that happens in between takes. “And Kenny always goes 'press night' [to get us back into character]." “When he says ‘press night’ it's then back into the theatre world of that energy that you have when you're doing a press night performance and where everything has to go right," she added. “So, there's no room for giggles and there's no room for mistakes.” Series 11 of Vera was put on hold due to the pandemic, meaning ITV bosses were forced to spread out when the episodes would air. The first four instalments have already been broadcast, although, it is unclear when the final two will be shown. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected me' [INSIGHT]Vera's Brenda Blethyn teases future episodes away from Newcastle [NEWS]Ben Shephard airs concern for Kammy as he gives health update [VIDEO] When filming for the cop drama did resume, restrictions were put in place so the cast and crew could work safely. Riley Jones, who has played Mark since series one, explained even passing a piece of paper to Brenda was almost impossible. “During scenes, there's so much of like, passing over a piece of paper or something like that," the actor began. “I do it all the time, [I say] ‘I've got this for, ma'am’, and I'd walk over and give her some information, she takes the paper and that's fine." “That's a dead easy scene, but with Covid, you couldn’t get that close," Riley continued. “You couldn’t pass up a piece of paper because they couldn’t sanitise it. We had to do a lot of camera trickery.” The 33-year-old said filming group scenes with Brenda and Kenny were also a challenge. “There was green screen we used for group scenes,” Riley recalled. “So if I've got some CCTV for instance, I’d get everyone in a crowd around my computer and have a look. “We’d [still] have to then do that, but I was doing it with nobody behind me, obviously pretending that people were there.” Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.