Prince Harry, 37, is to miss his grandfather the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service, it has been confirmed. The Duke of Sussex will not return to the UK from the US to join the royal family at the high-profile occasion in Westminster Abbey on March 29, a spokesperson for the duke confirmed. Royal correspondent for the GB News Cameron Walker has questioned why Harry will still be attending the Invictus Games a month after. Mr Walker told host Pandora Forsyth on the Daily Express' Royal Roundup: "The spokesperson for the Duke of Sussex has said he will not be attending the memorial service for his grandfather, the Duke of Edinburgh. "They did add that he does hope to see his grandmother very soon. "A source actually told The Sun that it was hoped that the Queen would be able to meet Prince Harry's daughter Lilibet for the first time because they've never met. "I think that was a big disappointment. READ MORE: Queen urged to axe Prince Harry role as monarch faces 'unthinkable' "Prince Harry obviously says that the reason he cannot come back to the UK is that he's not allowed to pay for his police protection. "What some people can't understand is why he's saying he's not going to be attending his grandfather's memorial service but just a month later he's flying to the Netherlands to the Invictus Games where presumably he's going to have the same level of police protection as he would have got in the UK. "I think there's a lot of questions to answer there." The duke has pursued a legal challenge against the Home Office after being told he would no longer be given the "same degree" of personal protective security when visiting from the US, despite offering to pay for it himself. He was last in London in the summer of 2021, when it is understood his security was compromised after his car was chased by paparazzi photographers as he left a charity event. The duke wants to bring his son Archie and baby daughter Lilibet to visit from the US, but he and his family are "unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous, a legal representative previously said. The judge in the High Court case, Mr Justice Swift, will give his ruling on February's preliminary proceedings, part of which may be confidential, at a later date. Philip died just under a year ago in April 2021 at the age of 99. DON'T MISS US TV host savages Kate and William 'Not like Meghan and Harry' [VIDEO]Meghan Markle in podcast takeover as Harry cut out of project [INSIGHT]Jamaican MP hits out at claims she 'snubbed' Kate [ANALYSIS] Harry flew back from California, without the Duchess of Sussex who was heavily pregnant at the time, to attend the duke's funeral in St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle. The guest list was trimmed from 800 to only 30 guests amid Covid restrictions, and the Queen sat alone in mourning for her husband of 73 years. The service of thanksgiving for Philip in just over two weeks' time is a chance for family, friends, dignitaries and representatives of the charities and organisations which Philip was associated with to gather together in tribute to him. Harry - one of the Queen and Philip's eight grandchildren - last returned to the UK to unveil the statue of his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales on July 1 with the Duke of Cambridge.