P&O Ferries yesterday, on Thursday, laid off 800 UK seafarers, though many refused to leave their positions. In a pre-recorded video message, a company executive told the former workers they were being replaced by cheaper agency workers. This, along with most other sorry events from over the past six years, was quickly pinned – primarily by Twitter users – on Brexit. One – Stewart Jackson – said of the argument: “EU employment law would not have allowed these sackings… “Time to join the dots folks.” Trade unionist and UnHerd columnist Paul Embery dismissed the argument as a “myth”, highlighting it has been debunked by those "in the know". He responded: “As leading employment lawyers have already shown, these sackings appear to be unlawful under UK law. “It is a total myth that Brexit has enabled this situation.” One such example came from Thompsons Solicitors, which bluntly described P&O Ferries’s decision as a “shocking disregard of the most basic employment law”. It highlighted in a post on Twitter the sackings had taken place “without a single shred of consultation”, noting: “The law states that if you’re dismissing more than 20 employees, you must consult with them. “The larger the number of employees being dismissed, the longer the consultation should be – up to 45 days.” READ MORE: P&O fury as 'ZERO French staff fired' despite all UK staff going The firm added: “This is a shocking example of a major British employer acting in a wholly atrocious manner – attempting to bypass unions, sack hardworking employees and instead hire staff from agencies who will be paid less and un-unionised.” Despite this, claims the workers had been let down because of Brexit continued to be appear. Many, in particular, drew attention to reports that zero P&O staff in France have been sacked. @Nicktolhurst wrote: “Of course their French workers were fine. Why? As France and the EU wouldn't accept this level of worker exploitation.” DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] They added: “So how could workers avoid this problem in future? “Well here's a suggestion: You could join a union geared to workers' rights which insist on minimum for all operators in the industry. “But that union isn't the Rail, Maritime and Transport union. It’s a different type of union. “It’s called the European Union.” For Mr Embery, this argument was “tedious”. He described it as “a tedious thread in which a pro-EU fanatic tries desperately to convince us that Brexit in some way enabled the P&O sackings, but fails to substantiate his theory with anything approaching fact”. P&O Ferries has today, on Friday, attempted to defend its “difficult decision” as a “last resort” move to keep the business afloat. In a statement, shared by Times Transport Correspondent Ben Clatworthy, it said: "We took this difficult decision as a last resort and only after full consideration of all other options. But, ultimately, we concluded that the business wouldn’t survive without fundamentally changed crewing arrangements, which in turn would inevitably result in redundancies. "We also took the view, in good faith, that reaching agreement on the way forward would be impossible and against this background, that the process itself would be highly disruptive, not just for the business but for UK trade and tourism." Express.co.uk has approached P & O Ferries for further comment.