The prospect of nuclear war is, many claim, greater than it was at any time during the Cold War. Vladimir Putin sparked menacing echoes of the Cuban Missile crisis after he placed Russia's nuclear force on high alert late last month. His move was widely interpreted to be in response to the barrage of sanctions slapped on Russia. It roused the attention of leaders around the world: Moscow's arsenal includes 537 intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs), submarine-launched ballistic missiles, and strategic bombers. ICBMs can get up to a top speed of four miles per second in about ten minutes after launch, meaning the weapons could potentially reach the UK from Russia within 20 minutes. Putin has several times hinted that he has no problem in pushing the big red button — only last month, during a press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron, he declared: "Russia is a military superpower and a nuclear superpower. "There will be no winners and you will be drawn into this conflict against your own will.” Despite this, one expert told Express.co.uk Putin does not possess the mental framework to deploy his nuclear arsenal as he is fully aware of the consequences of such a move. Aubrey Immelman, associate professor of psychology at the College of Saint Benedict, Saint John's University, says that while Putin has proved he is willing to act on his word in many circumstances, the nuclear threat is likely out of the question. Prof Immelman, who has profiled political leaders from around the world and their psychologies — including Putin — determines that the ex-KGB officer has high levels of narcissism, aggression, conscientiousness, dauntlessness and distrust, among other personality traits. He talked through the concept of "attitude" in psychology to explain Putin's current mental processes: "Attitude is an 'affect' of personality late in conditioning — affect meaning emotion, a hot cognition that's infused with a lot of emotion, things you feel strongly about.” By late in conditioning, Prof Immelman was referring to the conditioning of personality — late in condition being in your mid-twenties, after which you have the personality you keep for the rest of your life. He added: "The question that social psychologists have asked for decades is whether attitudes predict behaviour. "There's a model of personality, the reasoned action model, that says attitudes don't directly predict behaviours, but predict behaviour intent — in other words a higher probability of engaging in attitude-consistent behaviour. JUST IN: Putin warned he could be ousted from power: 'Had enough!' "We know based on the many writings on Putin's personality and his want of expanding the old empire, what his attitudes are. "But, to what extent do these attitudes predict attitude-consistent behaviours, which would imply by any means possible to achieve his objectives? "I think there's a behavioural predisposition, maybe a behavioural intent, but I do not think he's delusional enough to use ballistic nuclear missiles and definitely not ICBMs — but that's just speculation. "There's some talk of him using tactical battlefield nukes, I guess that would be slightly more likely but I would be very surprised if Putin went that far, just because of the risks it would entail." This week, lawmakers in the US said the world must take Putin's escalating nuclear threats seriously. But senior intelligence officials conceded that they had not yet seen clear indications that Putin would respond to military setbacks in Ukraine with nukes. DON'T MISS Ukraine: WHO warn of worsening health crisis [REPORT] Putin 'stopped socialising at 11 years old' [INSIGHT] 'Alarm ringing!' One of the world's DEADLIEST snipers joins call to... [ANALYSIS] Avril Haines, director of Office of the Director for National Intelligence, said she believed Putin was mostly "signalling" to keep NATO from intervening in Ukraine. She said: "He is effectively signalling that he's attempting to deter and that he has done that in other ways. "For example, having the strategic nuclear forces exercise that we indicated had been postponed until February, again, then as a method of effectively deterring." At the hearing, CIA director William Burns said the Russian military doctrine contemplates the use of smaller tactical weapons. He said: "You know, Russian doctrine holds that you escalate to de-escalate, and so I think the risk would rise, according to the doctrine." And, army Lieutenant General Scott Berrier, head of the Defence Intelligence Agency, told lawmakers that Putin may think such weapons give him an asymmetric advantage. He said: "I also believe that when he says something, we should listen very, very carefully and maybe take him at his word. "So this question is the one that analysts are pondering right now, and I think we really do some more work on it." While Russia has not yet unleashed its nuclear arsenal, it continues to fire missiles and rockets at Ukrainian cities to devastating effect. Many buildings in Kharkiv, Ukraine's second largest city, have been destroyed, while the southeastern port city of Mariupol is currently under siege. Kyiv, the capital, has come under fire, but the Ukrainians are still in control of the city.