Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, joined other members of the Royal Family at Westminster Abbey today — to celebrate the life and work of Prince Philip. Kate was accompanied by her husband Prince William and two of their children — Prince George, eight and Princess Charlotte, six. Their youngest son, Prince Louis, three, was not in attendance at the memorial service. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge returned from their tour around the Caribbean on Saturday.The trip was in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee and comes as the royal couple take on more responsibilities within the Firm.They have become integral members of the Royal Family — particularly following the departure of Prince Harry, Meghan Markle, Prince Andrew and Prince Philip from royal life.Kate and William were first linked in 2001, when the pair were both studying at the University of St Andrews in Scotland. However, they were already connected by both of their grandparents, long before either of them were born.In 1962, Kate's paternal grandfather, Captain Peter Middleton, accompanied William's grandfather Prince Philip on his two-month royal flying tour of South America.Captain Middleton even co-piloted with the Duke of Edinburgh on 49 flights.According to his obituary, the Captain was the recipient of some special gifts from the Duke, including a pair of gold cuff-links. Having been educated at New College, Oxford, Peter went on to serve in World War 2 as a fighter pilot in the Royal Air Force.He married Kate’s grandmother, Valerie Glassborow, in 1946.Valerie worked as a code-breaker during the war and is memorialised by a plaque at Bletchley Park, which was the headquarters of the wartime Government's code-breaking team.In 2019, Kate paid a visit to Bletchley Park to meet young children taking on the role of codebreakers. DON'T MISS:Queen's heartbreak: Monarch upset as she listens to God Save The Queen [NEW]'Gobsmacking' Andrew's public RETURN sparks royal fury [REPORT]Prince Philip broke royal protocol with unprecedented political stance [INSIGHT] To mark the 75th anniversary of the D-Day landings, the Duchess viewed a special exhibition, and joined a group of youngsters in their codebreaking workshop.During the visit, Kate opened up about her grandmother and Valerie's twin sister Mary, saying: "My granny and her sister worked here. It's very cool."When she was alive sadly she could never talk about it. She was so sworn to secrecy that she never felt able to tell us."Peter and Valerie had four children together – Michael, Kate's father, and his three brothers, Simon, Nicholas and Richard. Sadly, Captain Middleton did not live to see his granddaughter's marriage begin, as he died in 2010, a year before the Royal Wedding.Peter died at the age of 90 just days before Prince William and Kate announced their engagement.The couple reportedly delayed their engagement announcement following the death of Kate’s grandfather.William did get to meet Captain Middleton and attended his funeral that year. The Duke and Duchess got married at Westminster Abbey in April 2011. Last year, just weeks before their tenth wedding anniversary, Prince Philip passed away.Due to coronavirus restrictions at the time, the Duke of Edinburgh’s funeral was greatly simplified.Today’s ceremony was a chance for more people to come together to honour Philip. Despite concern regarding the Queen’s health, the monarch joined her family at the Abbey to commemorate her late husband.Her Majesty stood next to her eldest son Prince Charles and was joined by the senior members of the Royal Family — Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Princess Anne, Prince Edward, Sophie, Countess of Wessex and the Cambridges.