Two-time F1 world champion Mika Hakkinen has admitted he immediately thought of Michael Schumacher after his son Mick's brutal crash during Saudi Arabian Grand Prix qualifying on Saturday. Mick Schumacher was at the centre of a worrying incident during Q2, withdrawing him from Sunday's race. The 23-year-old Haas driver had progressed through Q1 in P14 with a 1:30.167 lap time and was sat in P8 in Q2, recording a 1:29.920 lap. But on his second lap, he clipped the chicane on Turn 12 whilst driving at 170mph downhill and was sent spinning into both barriers on either side of the track. An ambulance quickly entered the track to attend to Schumacher, who hadn't moved from the cockpit for minutes after his car finally came to a halt. He was first sent to a medical centre as Haas announced he was conscious before being airlifted to a hospital for further checks. Schumacher escaped with minimal injuries and returned to the Jeddah Corniche Circuit on Sunday, a near miss which Hakkinen has previously experienced in an F1 car. The 53-year-old Finn, world champion with West McLaren Mercedes in 1998 and 1999, was lucky to escape death at the 1995 Australian Grand Prix. JUST IN: David Coulthard takes swipe at Lewis Hamilton after Q1 dropout He cracked his skull through impact with his steering wheel and the edge of the cockpit in Adelaide. And Hakkinen has revealed Schumacher's crash brought back painful memories of his own major accident. "At that time, there was no HANS headrest in use and no shields next to the helmet," Hakkinen explained. "Then the neck will flutter, and the brain will sway, and there may [have been] a bad injury, as it happened to me. When I saw Mick's accident, my own accident automatically came to mind." But he also admitted Mick's father, Michael, sprang to mind. Schumacher suffered a horrific skiing accident in the French Alps in December 2013, hitting his head on a rock and falling into a coma. READ MORE: Lando Norris demands urgent track change after Mick Schumacher crash Hakkinen continued: "Of course, his father immediately came to mind. And I thought of Mick's mother, who I met a moment ago. I thought now is not a good place, now is awful. Fortunately, we heard the good news that the young man had regained consciousness." Schumacher still holds the prestigious record of most Drivers' Championship victories, although Lewis Hamilton is now level on seven. And whilst Mick is unlikely to match his father's incredible achievements, many have high hopes that he can continue his legacy now that he's found his way onto the F1 grid.