Arsenal star Emile Smith Rowe was missing from England training on Friday ahead of Saturday's friendly against Switzerland. The 21-year-old is also said to have been absent from Wednesday's session in preparation for the upcoming matches. Smith Rowe has made just two starts for Arsenal since January. He has missed a number of matches due to injury and COVID-19. However, he was still named in Gareth Southgate's squad for the games against Switzerland and Ivory Coast. He was one of four Arsenal players to be picked by the England boss. But Ben White now appears to be the only one in contention for the visit of Switzerland on Saturday. Goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale missed Arsenal's last match against Aston Villa with a hip injury and withdrew from the squad last week. READ MORE: Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt  Bukayo Saka pulled out on Thursday after testing positive for COVID-19. And now Smith Rowe is the latest Gunners star to have a doubt over his fitness. Sky Sports News reporter Rob Dorsett was at St George's Park on Friday morning. He said Smith Rowe was not present, the same situation as it was on Wednesday. Dorsett said: "Let's pan across and you can see the England players that are beginning their warm-up sessions in the sunshine here at St George's Park, which is absolutely glorious. And I can tell you that Emile Smith Rowe is not out there on the grass with England now. DON'T MISSAchraf Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Lionel Messi and Neymar 'don't speak to him' [GOSSIP]Barcelona's revival: Xavi's potentially unstoppable XI if new transfer policy works [OPINION]Man Utd have six stars who will earn more than Bruno Fernandes even after bumper new deal [INSIGHT]  "Of course when we were here filming training on Wednesday, he missed that session as well. So I think you have to assume that whilst we understand it's nothing serious for Emile Smith Rowe, there's no way he's going to feature for England against Switzerland at Wembley tomorrow. "Certainly won't be in the starting line-up because Gareth Southgate has all his tactical analysis and preparation today and if Emile Smith Rowe is not part of that, he won't feature. That will be a blow for Gareth Southgate, especially when you consider that Bukayo Saka withdrew yesterday."  Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta was delighted that four of his players were rewarded with a call-up to the England squad. Arteta said earlier this month: “I think it’s something that has to be related to the tradition and the history of the club. I think it’s very important to understand and protect as well all the values of the club and if they can play for England it’s great. “I’m really happy, especially for the boys because they deserve to be there. They work so hard and I know how much it means for them to represent their country, and as a club I think we have to be very proud that our players are in the frontline and being noticed." 