The BBC Weather forecaster said clear skies will cause temperatures to collapse to as low as -4C in some parts of Scotland, and close to 0C in parts of northern England and Northern Ireland. Matt Taylor said conditions will likely grow more settled once a persistent cloudy area currently hoovering over the UK moves eastwards, causing persistent outbreaks across eastern England and eastern Scotland. Discussing the weekend weather, Mr Taylor said: "Going through this evening and overnight, that strip of cloud still there. "Outbreaks of rain in eastern parts of England, elsewhere one or two showers in Wales and the southwest. "But with some clearer skies around, more widespread frost tonight. "We've got a frost at the moment in parts of northwest Scotland, more widely through Scotland and Northern Ireland, and risk as well for northern England through to Wales and the southwest. "There's also a risk of frost as we go through this weekend but that's because it's gradually going to turn dry more widely across the country and, certainly, by Sunday, a bit more of us will see sunny spells." READ MORE: UK storm forecast: High pressure to cause rain bomb with 45mm - 'stopped over Britain' He continued: "Saturday still got those outbreaks of rain through some eastern parts of England. "That cloud, patchy rain may slide towards the southwest and parts of South Wales, so clouding over here after a mild start. "For the rest of the country, not a bad start to the weekend. "A frosty start, a bit of mist and fog but some dry and sunny weather to enjoy throughout Saturday." For Friday, Mr Taylor warned the eastern side of the UK will take the brunt of the unsettled weather, taking in persistent outbreaks of rain throughout the day. The BBC Weather forecaster said: "As we go through the weekend, we are going to see things brighten up and dry up more widely across the country. "Out there this morning and through today, it's a bit of an east-west split. You need to be in western areas to avoid the worst of the rain and see the best of the sunshine. "It's because of a strip of cloud - on the satellite imagery, you can see it's just really stringing itself out rather than moving one way or another." DON'T MISS: UK flood forecast: Britain put on 'amber watch' as flood risk explodes [REPORT] Britain set for bone-chilling frosty blast as TWO storms to hit [ANALYSIS] 'Thousands' of Britons could head to Ukraine to fight Putin's Russia [REVEAL] He added: "It's going to sit through the same areas most of today. At the moment, the rain is across parts of eastern Scotland, parts of northern England down through towards central and southern England. "A few showers in the west but there some sunshine between them and that will continue throughout the day. "A bit of a northwesterly breeze developing, there will be some brightness potentially across parts of East Anglia and Kent avoiding this strip of cloud which will only nudge its way eastward. "So maybe parts of eastern Scotland, northern England, will turn a bit dry and brighter later but will turn a bit wetter towards parts of London and the southeast. Temperatures 6C to 10C."