Sevilla boss Julen Lopetegui threw a spanner in the works of Manchester United's manager hunt by shutting down links to the job in a recent interview. The Red Devils are due to replace Ralf Rangnick at the end of the season when the German will swap his interim post for a consultancy role. United kicked off the season with lofty ambitions after signing the likes of Raphael Varane, Cristiano Ronaldo and Jadon Sancho during the summer. Their campaign was derailed within a matter of months, and club icon Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was given his marching orders in November. With Rangnick appointed on an interim basis, fans can be forgiven for keeping one eye on the summer. The end of the season is fast approaching and the Red Devils' recent activity suggests that they are intent on lining up their new boss as quickly as possible. Barring any rogue entrants or new surprises, United are expected to appoint someone from a reported five-man shortlist including Lopetegui, Thomas Tuchel, Luis Enrique, Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag. JUST IN: Arsenal and Tottenham learn Benfica's eye-watering Darwin Nunez transfer demands When quizzed by El Chiringuito TV, however, Lopetegui was quick to rule himself out. "Keep believing in us and don't stop helping us, which I know they will continue to do," said the former Real Madrid boss when asked if he had a message for Sevilla's fans. "Keep giving us that extra energy we desperately need. Everything we do is for them." When asked whether he will continue in the hotseat at Sevilla next season, Lopetegui emphatically responded: "I have absolutely no doubt that I will." DON'T MISS: Arsenal star Alexandre Lacazette called out in captains meeting (NEWS)Arsenal 'in position to sign Coutinho' but face same problem as Villa (TRANSFERS)Arsenal warned of big Rashford problem which could end interest (INSIGHT) The Spaniard's stance will come as a blow to United in light of the sterling job he has done with Sevilla since being appointed in 2019. This season his side have posed the sternest test to runaway La Liga leaders Real Madrid, and last campaign they finished within nine points of the title. Having effectively ruled himself out, the Old Trafford hierarchy are staring at a shrinking list of options. With the Roman Abramovich sanctions saga winding down, Tuchel is expected to continue as Chelsea boss and snub the opportunity to move up north. Enrique, meanwhile, is gearing up for a World Cup campaign as Spain manager and is highly unlikely to vacate his post beforehand.  Ten Hag and Pochettino are both firmly in the running, and reports indicate that the pair have already been interviewed. The latter worked wonders with Tottenham from 2014 to 2019 but failed to cap off the stint with any silverware, and his stock recently fell when Los Blancos staged a dramatic Champions League comeback to Paris Saint-Germain packing earlier this month. Ten Hag has carried himself well as Ajax boss and is favoured by many to take the job, although former Red Devils boss Louis Van Gaal warned his compatriot against working for a 'commercial club'.