The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge sparked a frenzy as they released footage showing the couple exploring the barrier reef in Belize. In the clip, shared on the royals' official social media channels, Kate and Prince William can be seen jumping in the water and swimming around the unique Caribbean habitat. Donning scuba gear, Kate was seen swimming close to nurse sharks and giving the "ok" hand sign to the camera. This video, very different from the ones normally shared by royal households, stunned royal fans who praised the Duke and Duchess both for highlighting the importance of protecting the reef from climate change and pollution and for allowing their supporters to catch a glimpse into a more relaxed moment in their tour. One Twitter, user, @macmiz16, wrote: "Love this video. Love they are active in activities local on tour. "Great way to highlight nature and environment! Well-done". A second, @DukeandDuches12, said: "Please post more content like this, video was wonderful". Another royal fan, @LP81706046, said: "Wow they never cease to amaze. A great way to highlight the barrier reef of Belize. "So great to see and hear Prince William narrate this clip. "Congratulations to you both and for the painstaking length to keep this as another highlight of their trip." READ MORE: Prince William stands with hands on hips in Caribbean for key reason Revelations the couple can scuba dive also stunned @CrawDianne, who wrote: "And they can scuba dive too! These two really multi task. Love it. "They have thrown themselves in at the deep end!" Another, @ALi73926544, mentioned Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, saying they would have surely liked to share this experience with their parents. They said: "Wish I were there. Simply stunning & mind blowing. Your children would be so excited". At the end of the clip, Kate and William are seen emerging together from the water, which prompted one royal fan to think they may have held hands while returning to the surface. @RoxanneReaction wrote: "I swear they were holding hands at the end. Floated to the surface together?" Kate and Prince William's extraordinary clip, filmed on Sunday, was shared on Tuesday afternoon to put the spotlight on the conservation effort carried out by Belize to stave off the effects climate change is having on the oceans.In the video, William said: "(It's) really fantastic to see the underwater environment here in Belize, and what wonderful work they've been doing to protect the coral and the fish life. "Belize's work on marine protection is world-leading, which is crucial when you're protecting the world's second-largest barrier reef, and in fact it's a Unesco World Heritage site.  "And it's clear to see the Belizeans value their environment, whether it's the marine environment or the land environment. "It's great to see that their commitments are going further and further, and we should support them and value their efforts to protect both the marine and the land environments." Belize is home to the second-largest barrier reef in the world and its government has committed to protecting 30 percent of it by 2030. Conservation efforts are one of the focuses of Kate and William during their eight-day-long tour.  As Kensington Palace shared this video, the Duke and Duchess were preparing to arrive in Jamaica, their second destination in the Caribbean. There, they faced protesters in Kingston, demanding reparations for slavery. But they were also welcomed by many other Jamaicans as they carried out various engagements. During their first day in the nation, the royals heard more about Bob Marley's lasting influence on Jamaica and hopped into a bobsleigh after speaking to the nation's team members. 