With the Presidential election just a month away, Macron is storming ahead in the polls. Despite attacks from across the Channel at the French leader’s attempts to find a diplomatic solution with Russian President Vladimir Putin – in contrast with the firmer stance taken by les Anglo Saxons in the run-up to the invasion of Ukraine - Macron’s attempts at mediation pre-invasion and strong stance since seem to be winning over an otherwise sceptical French public. On average, Macron was polling around 25% in the month leading up to the conflict. Since then, his ratings have hit the high-20s and now the low-30s. The challengers on the right – Marine Le Pen and Éric Zemmour – have since lost steam, especially the latter, even with the support for Le Pen’s niece. In early February, it wasn’t uncommon to see Zemmour on 14-15%, yet now the media personality languishes around 12%. Macron’s other challenger on the centre-right, Valérie Pécresse, meanwhile has seen points shaved off her numbers too. Of course, aside from Macron’s incumbency advantage, and support for his attempts to play mediator and then defender of the EU, the French leader – long a champion of European unity – will no doubt feel the wind in his sails as Ukraine pitches for EU membership, especially since France holds the presidency of the EU Council until June. Meanwhile, Putin’s invasion will have done little for those on the right across Europe who have sometimes been associated with the Russian leader or perceived to be sympathetic to him. Even if this moment passes, much of the media is likely to ensure there is at least some guilt by association. While hostility to ‘populists’ and support for the EU may be for a season only (Ukraine is unlikely to be welcomed into the EU anytime soon), it is likely to hold long enough for Macron to ease to victory next month. The French President can be assured that if 2022 proves to be a re-run of 2017 that the weight of the French left and centre – including supporters of Pécresse – will throw their weight behind him, even if Zemmour voters line up behind Le Pen.  Many voters will likely stay at home, further helping Macron. Should Pécresse make it to the second round, Macron would face a tougher battle but the numbers still point to victory. In latest polls by Elabe, Opinion Way and Ifop-Fiducial, Macron has kept his support at 30% or more. No other candidate comes close, although the left’s Jean-Luc Mélenchon has made recent gains, though not enough to hurt the President. France then is likely to put off wider questions surrounding domestic policy for another day. Whether Macron will keep up the pressure on post-Brexit Britain is up for debate, but one can assume he will remain the flag-bearer for centrism and Europe, while toning down some of the nationalist rhetoric designed to woo voters in the run-up to the election. Putin’s invasion may have united Europe only temporarily, but still long enough to help Macron. Questions over the viability of Ukrainian EU membership, or the ongoing division between the conservative eastern EU member states and the progressive western ones, will be put off for another day. When that day comes, Macron is likely to be safely ensconced once again at the Élysée Palace. 