Mohamed Salah's camp have reportedly responded to interest from Barcelona as Liverpool scramble to tie him down on Merseyside. With the clock ticking until the summer transfer window and the final 12 months of his contract, it could soon be time for the goal-hungry Egyptian to take a decisive step one way or the other. As Liverpool fans clamber for updates on Salah's contract situation, they are met with ominous reports stating that there simply is no update to give. Talks have supposedly stalled since December, when the 29-year-old was not taken with the club's latest offering. Reports indicate that the Reds are unable to tear up their strict wage structure and meet his demands, despite his heroics over the past five years. The issue is a pressing one, with Salah continuing to pile in the goals this season as he blazes a trail in the Premier League scoring charts. JUST IN: British billionaire still 'in the picture' to buy Chelsea after attending Newcastle game  AS claim that Barca have already made contact with the player's entourage. And despite the mutual respect between Salah and Liverpool fans, the response was believed to be a positive one. Salah has been the main man at Anfield since taking the Premier League by storm in 2017, and is said to be ready to 'welcome a change of scenery'. With Xavi at the helm, Barca boast an exciting brand of football which has not only got fans back onside, but set them on a rapid ascent of the La Liga table. DON'T MISSEddie Howe slams VAR after Chelsea defeat, makes relegation predictionWhat Chelsea boss Tuchel did after stunning Havertz winner v NewcastleFour key questions for Chelsea FC about Abramovich sanctions   The Blaugrana boss considers Salah an 'ideal' fit, and the fondness may be reciprocated as the speedy attacker has spoken fondly of Spanish giants Barca and Real Madrid in the past. The Catalan side are allegedly eyeing up a transfer fee in the region of £50million. Such a meagre sum for a player of his calibre may be considered by Liverpool if it stops their Egyptian extraordinaire heading to an English rival or leaving for free in 2023. Jurgen Klopp recently claimed that the club have done all they can to keep Salah on Merseyside, and it is up to him whether he stays put to cement a Reds legacy. The message from the player's camp, albeit hidden and indirect, suggests that they feel his heroic exploits over the past few years are not being rewarded in the same way they would at other clubs. Salah's agent posted laughing emojis on social media shortly after Klopp's contract assertion which, if it was a direct response, highlights the dire state of play from a Liverpool perspective. Barcelona are hardly overflowing with money at present, but their fondness of Erling Haaland suggests that they are willing to throw caution to the wind this summer. Pressing on with their Salah pursuit could depend on Haaland's destination, with Salah considered a 'priority alternative' if fears at the Camp Nou come true and the Norwegian heads to Manchester City. 