He had mutilated fingertips, skin torn from his nose and mouth, a fractured shin bone, gashes to his head. He was repeatedly choked till he went blue in the face and the family’s Rottweiler was encouraged to savage him. There’s more but there’s only so much revulsion we can take. That 17-month-old boy was tortured by three sadistic monsters – one of whom was his own mother, Tracey Connelly, who the idiots on the Parole Board reckon is a rehabilitated woman ready for release into society. This is the same deviant who was recalled to prison in 2015 (having been released in 2013) because she breached parole conditions by trying to flog nude photos of herself online. She lost three subsequent appeals for freedom in 2015, 2017 and 2019 because officials believed she still posed a threat to the public. So what’s happened since? Has she had a Damascene conversion? Has she suddenly become a kind and caring human being? I’m betting she’s the same cruel, vile, lying creature who has just manipulated the mugs on the Parole Board into believing she’s changed. This is the woman who with her then-boyfriend Steven Barker (he got 12 years for killing Baby P and ten for raping a two-year-old girl) and Barker’s paedophile brother Jason Owen, left (a crack cocaine addict who got a measly six years) ritually abused a baby for laughs. They tortured him till his beaten little body could take no more and he died in agony. People like that don’t change. They’re evil. And if they’ve hurt one child – they’ll hurt another given the chance.  And yes, criminally incompetent social workers missed every chance to save Baby Peter as did his idiot GP (who was eventually suspended) who saw him 14 times yet spotted nothing. Every one of these fools contributed to this little boy’s fate but none as much as his mother and Barker. Connelly doesn’t deserve to live in a civilised society yet taxpayers are about to foot the bill to give her a makeover (a bit of a job as she’s the size of a house) a new name and a new home courtesy of the taxpayer. Justice Secretary, Dominic Raab, says freeing her is wrong. So he must stop it – and then sack the idiots on the Parole Board who ordered it. Who are these people? I suspect they’re members of the leftie woke mob which believes every criminal has some kind of justification for their hideous crimes because they’ve had mental issues/tough childhoods? Well, sod that! Lots of people have had tough childhoods but they don’t torture and kill babies. Does the Parole Board – whose flaky decisions on major cases are becoming a real cause for concern – actually care about the victims of crime or the safety of the public? Because THAT’S their job. But increasingly it’s looking like their mindset is to give even the vilest of criminals a second chance – something those offenders never afforded their victims. Even more shocking is the Board’s gullibility at being taken in by someone like Connelly. If she can persuade them she’s now a decent human being they shouldn’t be let near any public office ever again. Let’s not forget it was the Parole Board that ordered the release of cab rapist John Worboys and child killer Colin Pitchfork. The High Court overturned the decision to free Worboys and Pitchfork was returned to prison two months after his release for breaking his licence conditions. But, of course, getting onto the Parole Board is a good gig to get if you want to make a few bob. In 2020 one member earned £166,560 – that’s eight grand more than the PM. And guess what members don’t have to have any experience in the criminal justice system. On what planet does that make sense!? Tracey Connelly should rot in jail for what she did to her baby son. He never got to live his life yet she is about to resume hers with a new name, a new identity – all paid for by us. It seems incredible that while the majority of mothers are genetically programmed to die for their kids this piece of scum stood by (and helped) hers to be tortured, maimed and eventually killed because she "loved" the maniac who was doing it. Peter Connelly would have been 16-years-old by now if it hadn’t been for his mother and her sicko boyfriend. Instead, he's in a grave. This is why the woman who helped put him there shouldn’t be allowed to walk among us. Dominic Raab must ensure she doesn’t.