Gareth Bale's agent, Jonathan Barnett has fired back at Real Madrid and the Spanish press after the Welshman was vilified this week. Marca accused Bale of being a "parasite" before his dazzling double fired Wales to the cusp of qualification for the 2022 World Cup. His international heroics are a far cry from his struggles in Spain, where Bale has endured a mixed nine-year stint at Real Madrid. Despite bagging historic goals - including an iconic Champions League-winning strike - Bale is still an unpopular figure with some of the club's fanbase. Bale's electric display for Wales came shortly after he missed Real's crushing Clasico loss with a fitness issue. That led to Bale being slammed by the Spanish press - but Barnett has now fired back with a scathing response. Barnett told The Telegraph: "If Real Madrid had integrated him into the team more, they would have a great player. But we will live with it and move on. He's one of the best British players ever, and the best Welshman ever." READ MORE: Harry Kane sends Wayne Rooney warning as he closes in on England record Bale himself also hit out at the vile reports in the Spanish press after Wales' 2-1 win over Austria in midweek. The attacker said: "I have developed a thick skin during my time in the public spotlight. But that doesn't mean articles like these don't cause damage and upset personally and professionally to those at the receiving end of these malicious stories." Bale's tumultuous tale with Real is now in its final chapter, with the 32-year-old's current deal set to expire in the summer. A host of clubs have been linked with a swoop for Bale, including his former club, Tottenham. Spurs did lure Bale back to north London last year for a short loan stint ahead of Euro 2020 but were unable to strike a permanent deal. There has also been talk that Bale could choose to hang up his boots at the end of the season - especially if Wales fail to qualify for the World Cup. DON'T MISS: England must have 'tremendous confidence' for Qatar 2022 - Southgate4 England u21 stars who can still make World Cup after Andorra winArsenal star Smith Rowe misses England training again to create doubt But Wales are now just one win away from booking their spot at what would be their first World Cup in 64 years after their stunning triumph over Austria. Rob Page's men now face a date with destiny against either Scotland or Ukraine in June for a place at the showpiece event that's due to take place in Qatar later this year. And with so much at stake, Bennett has quashed talk that Bale is toying with the idea of calling time on his playing career anytime soon. Barnett added: "Gareth doesn't know anything about what will happen in the summer. It all depends on Wales. We haven't spoken to anyone yet, we'll make the decision sometime in June."