Good Morning Britain's Ben Shephard has cheekily vowed to "behave" as he appears on the ITV show alongside co-host Ranvir Singh today. The presenter's promise comes just weeks after the duo appeared to be at odds with one another while hosting GMB, although it was firmly denied by a source at the time. In view of her 119,000 followers, Ranvir, 44, published the lighthearted exchange between herself and Ben, 47, which saw him promise to be on his best behaviour. Last night at half-past five in the evening, Ranvir messaged her co-host saying: "Not then, no arguments before we go on air again ok? "We got away with it last time..." Replying, Ben wrote: "Haha - I'll behave I promise! Xx." READ MORE: Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts She captioned the text exchange: "How are we doing so far?" Ranvir's update comes after viewers claimed to spot the duo were at odds with each other while presenting GMB. The two were live on air informing viewers about Putin’s catastrophic bombing of a maternity ward in Ukraine. The show was reporting live from the war-torn country, and Ben and Ranvir spoke to a number of experts. As they were discussing the heavy subject, viewers claimed that the pair appeared to be off with each other. Alibel2090 wrote on Twitter: “What's the matter with Ben Shepherd this morning ?? “He's cut-across & interrupted Ranvir half a dozen times!? “(..and he does it in the most obvious & rude manner….as if he's in bad mood ???)” DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [INSIGHT]Miley Cyrus and family 'nearly died' as lightning struck their plane [ANALYSIS]Pamela Anderson, 54, puts on leggy display in rare appearance [UPDATE] Jannyjann30 said: "Ben seems a bit p****d off with Ranvir butting in” Ang3yhaart penned: “deffo thinking someone's P****d on Bens' cornflake this morning. they normally get on unless a spat earlier?” A source denied there was any bad blood between the two presenters. They said in a statement: "This is utter fantasy, Ben and Ranvir get on really well. "Talking over each other occasionally reflects real life relationships and is part of the authentic cut and thrust of a passionately topical programme like Good Morning Britain," they added. It seems Ranvir's witty warning to Ben was effective, as social media users gushed over the duo's presenting abilities this morning, with @Mod_Bird writing: "Ranvir and Ben are a great tag team." @NeilMash202255 added: "It’s absolutely fantastic to see Ranvir Singh & Ben Shephard at the table this morning, the perfect pair on Good Morning Britain, it always flows well." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.