Gunners Lane, in both directions between Bramhall Lane and Rostherne Road, has been closed by police. A cordon was put in place at around 4.10pm earlier today (Wednesday). The road was still closed this evening, with the large police cordon remaining in place. Police and paramedics were still in attendance along Garners Lane. North West Ambulance Service (NWAS) said it was called to the scene shortly after 3.30pm, where they found the teenage girl with serious injuries.     An NWAS spokesperson said: "We were called to [an] RTC involving a pedestrian at 3.37pm. "A 12-year-old girl has been taken to hospital with serious injuries." Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service has confirmed to the Manchester Evening News it is not in attendance. Members of the public have been advised to avoid the area. Motorists have also been urged to use alternative routes to reach their destination. Transport for Greater Manchester wrote in a tweet: "Garners Lane - Stockport. The road is currently closed between Bramhall Lane and Rostherne Road. "Please consider alternative routes such as Adswood Road which remains open." Stagecoach Manchester and Wigan tweeted: "Route 374. Due to an RTC on Garners Lane, which has closed the road in both directions, the 374 will be diverting via Shaw Heath and Cale Green. READ MORE: Major response after man electrocuted by PYLON near M60  "We will announce when the road reopens. We are sorry for the inconvenience that this may cause." Express.co.uk has contacted Greater Manchester Police for comment. This comes with police also responding to a man electrocuted by a pylon on the M60 motorway on the edge of Manchester. Palatine Road, in Wythenshawe, had been closed "as a precaution" while Greater Manchester Police officers attend the scene. DON'T MISSBrexit LIVE: Frost savages 'appalling bitterness' of EU [BLOG]Brexit POLL: Should UK just refuse to pay any more Brexit bills to EU? [POLL]Blood rain downpour to fall in 24 hours as hottest heatwave hits [FORECAST]  Locals have reported hearing a "loud bang" at the site at around 5.30pm this evening (Wednesday). Greater Manchester Police said in a statement: "Road closure southbound at the junction of Palatine Road, Princess Parkway. "This is in relation to a report of a man having been electrocuted by a pylon close to the M60. "The road has been closed as a precaution. The public are asked to avoid the area."  A Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service spokesperson said two fire engines were called out to the incident at 5.40pm this evening. Firemen "attended the scene and supported colleagues" from the police and ambulance service. They added: "Firefighters were detained for approximately one hour and a half." 