Manchester United's hopes of hanging onto Paul Pogba have been dealt a blow - with reports claiming that Juventus have tabled a lucrative offer to try and entice the Frenchman back to the Allianz Arena. Pogba's contract now has just a handful of months to run as speculation over his future continues to rumble on. The United midfielder has so far rebuffed a number of attempts from United to tie him down to fresh terms, with a host of clubs reportedly keeping a close eye on developments. And Juventus have seemingly made an early move in a bid to gazump any rival interest in the race to snap up Pogba's signature. According to Italian journalist Rudy Galetti, Juventus have offered Pogba a deal with a whopping £7.5million salary in a bid to try and lure the 28-year-old back to Italy. JUST IN: Ronaldo returns to Man Utd training as Rangnick gets double boost While nothing has been agreed upon, the report also claims that negotiations are 'moving swiftly', although there is still an ‘ongoing discussion on the variables’ of the deal - which could mean that United will need to act fast if they are to ward off Juventus' interest. Pogba enjoyed four fruitful years with the Italian giants after walking out of Manchester United as a free agent back in the summer of 2012. And Juve have always harboured hopes of convincing Pogba to return to the club. However, it's likely that Pogba would have to agree to a substantial pay-cut in order to facilitate a return to Serie A, which could be a sticking point in any deal. MUST READMan Utd 'should axe 10 stars' including Ronaldo claims SuttonMan Utd board making wrong decision on next manager may force exitMan Utd warned of Rangnick repeat if they hire Ten Hag A host of top European clubs have been credited with an interest in Pogba over the past few months amid the ongoing uncertainty at Old Trafford. There is still no indication over who will be appointed as Manchester United's next permanent manager - another factor which could scupper United's hopes of convincing Pogba to ink fresh terms. United would be loathe to lose Pogba for nothing just six years after shelling out a club-record £89m to bring him back to Manchester. While the playmaker has divided opinion amongst the fanbase with an indifferent second spell at the club, Pogba has impressed in recent weeks since his return from a thigh injury. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ And his upturn in form has come just weeks after United's interim boss Ralf Rangnick challenged Pogba to "show up" for the remainder of the season - even if he does decide to quit the club for a second time in the summer. "It's up to him now," Rangnick said last month. "His contract is expiring in the summer and if in the end he would like to stay or go somewhere else he has to show up. "It's not only in the interest for us as a club but it's in his personal interest that he plays and performs at the highest possible level in the next couple of weeks."