Married at First Sight Australia sees couples attempt to build bonds, having never previously met one another, through various tasks and guidance from the show's experts. Unfortunately, it doesn't work out for everyone on the E4 show with some marriages breaking up before the series even comes to an end. This was the case for two of the season nine couples who went on to find comfort in each other's arms. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight Australia.Personal trainer Daniel Holmes was one of the "intruders" who tied the knot with a complete stranger a little bit later on in the series. He was partnered up with retail assistant Jessica Seracino but their romance failed to last very long as the pair continued to bicker. It was then after a major bust-up that Jessica chose to walk, ending her relationship with Daniel very abruptly. Needing a shoulder to cry on, he went to contestant Carolina Santos for some help. READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' Carolina also had issues with her husband Dion Giannareli which didn't go quite according to plan. It was during this uneasy period that Daniel and Carolina's friendship switched to romance and they shockingly returned to Married at First Sight Australia, asking to be welcomed back onto the show together. This led to Dion and a number of other contestants walking off, annoyed at them trying to return. Along with the experts, everyone unanimously agreed that Daniel and Carolina would not be permitted to rejoin the series. Daniel, who was originally from Queensland, relocated to Sydney to be with Carolina. Months after filming was wrapped up, the former contestants are still together and seem happier than ever. He is now working as a personal trainer at a UFC Gym, helping gym-goers achieve their fitness goals. Daniel was recently spotted with Carolina, kissing and holding hands in Sydney as they went for an interview. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street twist as Daisy Midgeley uncovers link to Sean Tully? [THEORY]Matt Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Matt Ridley now? [CAST]Selina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Selina Chhaur now? [EXPLAINER] The couple went on The Kyle and Jackie O Show for a chat to talk about consummating their relationship after leaving the commitment ceremony. He explained: "We went back and had a drink, I looked at her in the eyes and said, 'We are evicted from the experiment. Let's have sex', to which she jokingly continued, 'I said, Of course!'" Despite their feelings for one another being very clear, the rest of the MAFS Australia cast were less than impressed. But it came down to the experts to give Carolina and Daniel their marching orders. Rejecting their request to come back, expert John Aiken said: "It's not going to happen now, that's not gonna happen in the future and the reason for that is very clear, but you need to hear it. “This betrayal is incredibly unsettling and difficult for all of us to witness. “We don't see any merit for this relationship that you have to continue on in this experiment." Married at First Sight Australia season 9 continues to air on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.