The European Union said on Wednesday it was excluding seven Russian banks from the SWIFT messaging system, but stopped short of including those handling energy payments, in the latest sanctions imposed on Russia over its invasion of Ukraine. Russia's second-largest bank VTB, Bank Otkritie, Novikombank, Promsvyazbank, Bank Rossiya, Sovcombank and VEB will each be given 10 days to wind-down their SWIFT operations, the EU said in its official journal. SWIFT is the dominant messaging system underpinning global financial transactions and the EU, the United States, Britain and Canada moved on Saturday to block certain Russian banks from it, but had not said which would be hit. The US and Britain had been pushing for the SWIFT ban, but some in the euro zone had taken some persuading given the region's reliance on Russian energy exports. Removing Russian banks from SWIFT, a measure seen as drastic and unlikely only a week ago, is one of the most powerful tools Western authorities have used to punish Russia for what Moscow describes as a "special operation" in Ukraine. Russian President Putin is now expected to counter-attack the bloc with a hike on energy prices, with many member states heavily relying on Russian gas. According to Politico, the European Commission is preparing a package of measures to ready itself for Putin's counter-attacks. EU leaders have been urging the bloc's executive to come up with solutions. Belgian Prime Minister Alexander De Croo said: “If you have a situation of sanctions and counter-sanctions, that will have an impact. “Hence, at the European level, we strongly urge the Euraheaopean Commission to develop a package of measures to limit the economic impact.” Italian Prime Minister Mario Draghi also told senators on Tuesday that “the war will have consequences on the price of energy, which we will have to face with new measures to support companies and families. It is appropriate that the European Union facilitates them, to avoid excessive repercussions on the recovery”. READ MORE: State Pension triple lock ‘must be axed’ as West faces war Among the options being considered by the Commission is a new ad-hoc temporary package fro state aid, like the one adopted to face the economic effects of the Coronavirus pandemic. Another option could be to encourage those states who are yet to request all the loans available to them to recover from the pandemic to shore up their companies affected by the Ukraine crisis. However, Italy, one of the countries that was most hit by the pandemic and would be most hit by the energy crisis, has already asked for all its available loans. A third options could be for the EU to issue fresh debt as EU treaties allow for financial assistance to members under “exceptional circumstances beyond its control,” and “in particular if severe difficulties arise in the supply of certain products, notably in the area of energy”. DON'T MISS:How many nuclear weapons does Russia have? [INSIGHT]Scholz's masterplan backfires! Putin sends gas reserves into freefall [ANALYSIS]'Power hungry!' Disgust erupts at China in 'cahoots' with Putin [REACTION] So far, EU diplomats have been reacting positively to the ideas. One told Politico: "The Commission is once more getting ahead of itself.” The EU is also preparing a new package of sanctions against Belarus over its involvement in Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The package will put pressure on Belarus' exports of potash as well as targeting the country's steel and wood sectors. It will build on sanctions already imposed on Minsk on tobacco, oil, fertiliser and banking sectors.