Mr Sunak will address the House of Commons next week with an update on the health of the UK economy. In the autumn Budget, he promised “a new economy post-Covid… fit for a new age of optimism”.  The Chancellor is likely to address the spiralling cost of living and respond to the Office for Budget Responsibility’s economic and fiscal forecast, to be published on 23 March. He told MPs on Tuesday the Government “recognises that inflation is rising and is closely monitoring the situation together with the Bank of England.” He added it was “putting in place policies to help families meet the rising cost of living, for example freezing duties, cutting the tax rate in universal credit and increasing the national living wage and last month I announced to this House a £9bn package of support to help households with rising energy bills.” The Chancellor is also under pressure to scrap his manifesto-busting rise in national insurance contributions announced last autumn, which is due to come into force next month and is expected to bring in about £12bn.   Labour and several prominent Conservative backbenchers have urged Sunak to change course at the spring statement to help Britons with surging living costs. However, Mr Sunak has been missing from the forefront of UK politics, political analysts have claimed. Daily Mail columnist Amanda Platell told Dan Wootton: “He had a very good Covid and he is suddenly positioned in the party and everyone thought that he is going to be the next leader. READ MORE: Aldi shoppers rejoice as supermarket brings back 90s favourite  “Now he has disappeared, he has shrunken politically. “Isn’t this the time for him to do something brave.” Early this year, Boris Johnson’s partygate allegations left the country divided with many putting their bets on Mr Sunak to lead Britain. DON'T MISS:Royal fans gush over Charles and Camilla after latest postUkraine horror as Russian troops take HUNDREDS hostage in MariupolHarry and Meghan’s US retreat helped ‘make them stronger’ The chancellor has rarely been out of the news since he took over at the Treasury from Sajid Javid two years ago and his approval rating with the public is high.