Pension Credit could provide financial support to pensioners who are on lower incomes. It is paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) at different rates depending on the level of support someone needs. People who are of state pension age can claim Pension Credit. The state pension age is currently 66. The average Pension Credit claimant picks up £3,000 each year, according to experts. There are two prongs to Pension Credit, which are Guarantee Credit and Savings Credit. Guarantee Credit provides the highest level of support. Recipients of Guarantee Credit may get their weekly income topped up to: READ MORE: ‘I am concerned!’ Martin Lewis issues warning to every household earning under £30,000 Those who are not eligible to receive Guarantee Credit as they have more income could still get some support through Savings Credit. Savings Credit is designed to help people who have saved some money for retirement, such as through a personal or workplace pension. To claim Savings Credit, an individual must have reached state pension age before April 6, 2016. Savings Credit can provide up to £14.04 a week to single pensioners or £15.71 to those with a partner. DON'T MISSPayment warning: Shoppers may have their credit and debit cards declined from Monday [WARNING]Sunak unleashes inheritance tax and capital gains tax blitz in April - do this NOW [ALERT]TV Licence: Britons could be eligible for £159 refund from bill [INSIGHT] Claiming Pension Credit in any form could also come with the added benefit of entitling someone to additional forms of support. Pension Credit recipients may be automatically eligible for the following benefits: To determine whether someone is eligible for Pension Credit, and how much support they could get, they will have their current income assessed. Income includes: Applications for Pension Credit can be made online through the official Government website. An application can be started up to four months before someone reaches state pension age. This could reduce any delay in receiving their first payment. In addition, claims can be backdated by up to three months if an individual has already reached state pension age. Applications can also be made over the phone or by post.