Tottenham boss Conte might finally get a chance to sign Adama Traore in the summer transfer window despite him joining Barcelona in January. The Spurs manager was frustrated by the fact he missed out on the Wolves ace. Barcelona might not be able to afford Traore’s permanent signing in the summer, opening up a move to Tottenham once again. Conte was desperate to sign the Spain international in January after identifying him as the ideal player at right wing-back. Wolves were happy to see him leave as his contract will expire next summer and the winger told them he had no intention of penning a new deal. It saw the Spurs boss believe that a transfer was possible, only for the 26-year-old to snub interest from north London. But a transfer might be revived in the summer - despite Traore leaving Wolves for Barcelona. He only moved to the Nou Camp on loan until the end of the season, though they are keen to make the deal permanent. There is an option worth £29m that will sign Traore on a long-term deal at Barcelona but that might not be possible. That is because the finances at the Catalan club remain in a treacherous state and that the Spanish giants could struggle forking out that amount of cash, report The Athletic. Barca president Joan Laporta also admitted that he might not be able to pay the bill. “Adama has Barca DNA, he’s one of the best forwards in the world, he’s fast,” he said. “We’d love Adama Traore to stay here, it’s possible — but we’re in a difficult financial situation. We’ll see at the end of the season.” It could see Traore return to Wolves in the summer, who will be desperate to sell to avoid seeing the Spaniard leave on a free transfer at the end of the season. And Tottenham could reenter the race for the forward should a deal fail to be completed by Barca in the summer. Conte remains a huge fan and is keen to bolster his wing-back positions, though there is some concern over whether or not Traore would be more accepting over a move to Spurs. The winger has had a strong start to life in La Liga, registering four assists in his first seven matches for the Blaugrana. However, Traore is yet to get on the scoresheet at the Nou Camp, where Ferran Torres and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang were also signed in January.