Anoosheh Ashoori was released from Iran's Evin prison after being detained by Tehran for five years. The 67-year-old returned to the UK alongside British-Iranian national Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, 44, last week. Their release followed an announcement the UK had repaid Iran £400million in debt. Following his return from Iran, the ex-engineer snubbed Boris Johnson, 57, after the Prime Minister requested to meet him saying he is "not sure" if he will take up Number 10's invitation. Speaking to Sky News, Mr Ashoori revealed Mr Johnson failed to respond to any appeals from his family while he was detained in Iran. Mr Ashoori recorded an audio message while in prison pleading with the Prime Minister for help. JUST IN: Boris Johnson denies being 'most anti-Russian leader' with sanctions on Putin’s gold The clip was published by Sky News back in 2020. He said: "I risked my safety but I managed to convey that message to him. "Unfortunately he did not expend even five minutes to give a telephone call to my family." However, upon his release, he confirmed the Prime Minister had got in touch to meet him. Ashoori said: "Now he's eager to see us. How would you interpret that? "I think that there's a bit of opportunism involved in it." Ashoori also claimed civil servants were doing a "fantastic job" but said he felt let down by Mr Johnson. He said: "They did a fantastic job. It is the leadership that we are questioning." DON'T MISS:Truss pulls rug from under Putin as key Kremlin spy network obliter... [REVEAL]Putin has legs cut from beneath him as Russian morale 'shockingly low' [INSIGHT]Putin final lifeline ruined: £100bn 'fortress Russia' about to CRUMBLE [SPOTLIGHT] A Government spokesperson said: "From the Prime Minister down, this Government has been committed to securing the release of Anoosheh Ashoori. "It was always entirely in Iran's gift to do this, but UK ministers and diplomats were tireless in working to secure his freedom and are delighted that he is now home. "Our Consular team were in close regular contact with Anoosheh's family, with officials available to them at any time throughout his ordeal."