Prince William and Kate attended their first evening event in the Caribbean as guests of the Governor-General of Belize at the Maya Ruins in Cahal Pech, San Ignacio. Kate stole the show in a metallic floor-length pink gown, while William looked relaxed in a navy jacket and chinos. Kate’s dress was by British label The Vampire’s Wife and accessorised with a traditional Mayan handbag and bold earrings, reported the Mirror. The Duke of Cambridge made a speech where he thanked the people of Belize for their hospitality and referred to their three children, Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince Louis, three. He said: “Catherine and I have been deeply touched by the warm welcome the Belizeans have given us. “We hope to return again soon and to show our children this wonderful country.  “They are rather jealous that they are not with us now!” He also mentioned the ongoing war in Ukraine, adding that they were “thinking of those struggling” and “we stand with them in solidarity”. The elegant gown sent royal fans into a frenzy, with many taking to social media to comment on the Duchess’ style. Journalist Nicole Lampert wrote to her Twitter followers: “She looks stunning.”  READ MORE: Lorraine jibes at Kate & William's Belize trip 'How many times?' Meanwhile another Twitter user commented: “Love it. Reminds me of a wrapped Quality Street strawberry chocolate.” A third user, Carolina, wrote: “Amazing dress.” While Twitter user Julie added: “Absolutely beautiful!!” Earlier in the day the pair had dressed more casually for a visit to the Mayan ruins at Caracol, where they were given a tour of the 3,000-year-old site and saw Caana, the “sky palace”. At 141ft, Caana is the tallest man-made structure in the country. The Royal Family Twitter account posted some pictures of Kate and William’s adventures in Belize, showing them tasting chocolate, spending time with the Garifuna community, and learning all about marine conservation.  DON'T MISS:Prince Philip memorial guest list - the royals who will attend [ROYAL LIST]Sophie boosts royals with US success after Meghan and Harry 'damage' [ROYAL NEWS]Kate and William’s Belize tour off to bad start as major stop [INSIGHT]  The tour will move on to Jamaica on Tuesday before going to their final stop, the Bahamas, on Thursday. There are fears that protests in Jamaica will impact the royal tour, as the country has called for the British monarchy to pay slavery reparations. In an open letter signed by Jamaican politicians, business leaders, doctors and musicians, they criticise the decision for the royals to visit during a global pandemic. It reads: “We note with great concern your visit to our country Jamaica, during a period when we are still in the throes of a global pandemic and bracing for the full impact of another global crisis associated with the Russia/Ukraine war. “We see no reason to celebrate 70 years of the ascension of your grandmother to the British throne because her leadership, and that of her predecessors, has perpetuated the greatest human rights tragedy in the history of humankind.” Jamaica marks its 60th anniversary as an independent country this year. 