Darren McGrady who previously worked as the Queen’s chef revealed that her breakfast is served promptly at 8.30 am every morning. The monarch usually receives three different options for her first meal of the day.  Options include marmalade on toast, scrambled brown eggs with smoked salmon and her favourite cereal Special K. Her Majesty, who has her cereal stored in a plastic container in order to keep it fresh, is also said to give her cereal the royal treatment by adding fresh fruit. Special K was introduced by Kellogg's in the US in 1955, early in the Queen’s reign, and has seen its global popularity grow in the 67 years since. The company was given a royal warrant many years ago and is an official supplier to Buckingham Palace.  Although Special K may be the Queen’s favourite cereal there are also other breakfast delicacies that the monarch has a soft spot for. The Queen's former servant, Charles Oliver, went into more detail in his book 'Dinner at Buckingham Palace' which is based on his diaries and personal recollections. Mr Oliver explained that the Queen has been “partial to kippers since the war years”. According to Oliver, this dated from an incident at Windsor Castle when she and Princess Margaret were exploring Windsor Castle and came across a “compelling aroma”. READ MORE: Princess Diana’s wedding dress designer was ‘HORRIFIED’ by gown  He said: “Fascinated, they traced the smell to its source and found themselves outside the private kitchen of Mrs Alice Bruce, then housekeeper at the castle. “They politely knocked on the door and were welcomed into the old-fashioned kitchen with its great iron oven range – and its frying kippers. “Mrs Bruce gave the princesses their first taste of kipper and showed them how to cook the fish as well. “Kippers, in a number of uncomplicated variations, have remained a favourite with the Queen ever since – for breakfast, as a savoury or a late-night supper.” DON'T MISS:  What did Prince William really say about Ukraine?  [REVEAL] Prince Charles moved to tears during meeting with refugees [INSIGHT] US fury after Harry 'shows face at American event' [SPOTLIGHT] 