The comments from Maria Butina will raise concerns among Western military advisers who have warned of Moscow setting up various false flag scenarios to spread Russia's war. She was quoted by Russian news agencies as saying NATO is afraid of Poland's "aggressive independent actions". Ms Butina added: "Remember, there was a campaign with fake maps, on which the Kaliningrad region was depicted as if it were not Russian territory." Kaliningrad, which has been part of Poland, Prussia and Germany in the past, was captured by the Soviet Union during World War Two. The port city shares the same name as the province which is sandwiched between Poland and Lithuania. It provides a base for Russia's Baltic Sea fleet. Ms Butina was speaking in response to comments made by General Waldemar Skrzypczak.  The former head of the Polish ground forces told the Super Express newspaper that Kaliningrad was Polish territory. He was quoted as saying: "It might be worth asking for this Kaliningrad District, which, in my opinion, is part of the territory of Poland. "We have the right to have a grudge against the area that Russia is occupying." NATO member Poland is a staunch ally of neighbouring Ukraine and has welcomed more than two million people who have fled the war.  READ MORE ABOUT KATE MIDDLETON'S MUM'S HEARTBREAKING FEAR Until the collapse of communist rule in 1989, Poland spent 40 years behind the Iron Curtain and a member of the Moscow-led Warsaw Pact security alliance. It is now the biggest former communist member of the European Union and NATO. US President Joe Biden said during a visit to Warsaw on Saturday that Poland is taking a significant responsibility in the humanitarian crisis caused by Russia's invasion. Poland has already announced it would expel 45 of Russia's diplomats. It had also called for armed international peacekeepers to be sent into Ukraine.  DON'T MISS: UK strikes major new nuclear energy deal in £20bn venture [REVEALED] Have your say: Should the UK scrap clock changes? [POLL] Expert warning - UK government 'disingenuous' about inflation reality [LATEST] Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said sending peacekeepers to Ukraine may lead to a direct confrontation between Russia and NATO. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky appealed to NATO leaders on Thursday to increase military support for his country. He warned that Russian forces would target alliance members in eastern Europe, including Poland. Addressing a NATO summit in Brussels, Zelenskiy said Ukraine needed fighter jets, tanks, anti-ship weapons and improved air defence to repel Russian troops.  Mr Zelenskiy said in a video address released by the Ukrainian presidency: "I am sure you understand that Russia has no intention of stopping in Ukraine. "It wants to go further. Against eastern members of NATO. The Baltic states. Poland for sure." Moscow has been accused of setting up a number of false flag scenarios with Russian accusations Kyiv has biological and chemical weapons exposed as an attempt to establish a pretext for Russia to use them.  US President Joe Biden said on March 21 that Putin's back was against the wall and he was talking about new false flags. Mr Biden added that this included an assertion that the US has biological and chemical weapons in Europe, which he dismissed as "simply not true". He continued: "They are also suggesting that Ukraine has biological and chemical weapons in Ukraine. That's a clear sign he's considering using both of those." 