Emmerdale bad boy Graham Foster (played by Andrew Scarborough) could make a dramatic comeback to the Dales as serial killer Meena Jutla's (Paige Sandhu) trial approaches, according to fans' theories. Meena has been in jail for the deaths of Andrea Tate (Anna Nightingale), Leanna Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger) and Ben Tucker (Simon Lennon). As she prepares to take the stand, viewers have been speculating about both Meena's escape and Graham's return to the soap. As well as being on trial for murder, Meena has also been accused of kidnapping her sister Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker) and village newlywed Vinny Dingle (Bradley Jonhson). Determined not to be jailed for life, the psychopath has been manipulating her sister as well as Emmerdale's vicar Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin) from behind bars. However, soap fans now believe Meena will escape her sentencing with the help of former fan-favourite Graham. Viewers will remember Graham was seemingly killed by Emmerdale villain Pierce Harris (Jonathan Wrather) who hit him with his car. But could he actually be alive? READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role Taking to Twitter about Graham's return, Emmerdale fan Paul Roberts penned: "Best outcome. Meena is in the courtroom. Graham didn’t die but was saved and the police protected him as he was undercover. "And [he] takes Meena off to work undercover as government assassins in a new tv show." Speaking about Meena, he added: "Well she obviously isn't going to plead guilty. "The only thing she is guilty of is bringing the best and most interesting character to Emmerdale since Graham was ridiculously killed off."  @EvAlaska added: "Graham had class and that English style that made Emmerdale look good! Foster, Graham Foster you know." @Jainplays remarked: "Emmerdale used to be going places during the Kate and Ian era but man ever since the Graham death storyline it felt like it's just gone downhill. "I stopped watching entirely but I pop in now and then because Meena was engaging to watch even if the storyline was a bit stupid." The Mighty Boro commented: "#Emmerdale writers need a genius way of bringing Graham back from the dead & it desperately needs  @MikeParrActor and Joe Tate's character back.  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale twist as couple split following Dawn Taylor betrayal? [THEORY]Zoe Henry and Mark Charnock on 'traumatic' new Emmerdale storyline [INTERVIEW]Emmerdale's Charity Dingle forced to shut down The Woolpack? [THEORY]  "The show has turned to absolute s**t. That Meena storyline got tedious after a week and [I've] never watched it since." Emmerdales' Graham was buried in a secretive ceremony by his wife at the time Kim Tate (Clarie King), leading viewers to think he could actually be alive. Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) was the character who was sent to prison for Graham's murder due to his romance with his ex-girlfriend Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry). However, Marlon was eventually freed after Rhona managed to take Pierce down and he later pleaded guilty to the police.   At the time of Graham's death, actor Andrew Scarborough told Emmerdale viewers: "Thank you to the fans, because the show isn't capable of existing without the fans, and I've had such lovely feedback and backing from the fans about Graham. "I don't think they initially understood what he's about – nobody does, actually, I still don't know what he's about. But people have bought into it, they've bought into the magic and mystery of him and it was a bit special. "I think it's better to go while there's still the mystery because there's plenty about him." Emmerdale airs weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 