The climate change protesters said in April, they plan to block major UK oil refineries next month and "take a stand to stop fossil fuels once and for all". The protest group Just Stop Oil will also be blocking refineries across the UK, with other groups to be confirmed. Extinction Rebellion (XR) said the action would begin on April 9 with the aim of causing enough disruption "to create a tipping point moment". The group also warned following the blockades of refineries, it would "flood" London with people to create their largest number of roadblocks. A spokesperson for Extinction Rebellion said: "We are calling on protest groups, NGOs and individuals to join us and take a stand to stop fossil fuels once and for all. “Now is the time, this is the moment." Clare Farrell, Extinction Rebellion co-founder, also said: “Oil refineries are symbolic of continued extraction and profit for a small group of very wealthy companies at the expense of everyone else. “We burn them, pollute our cities, poison ourselves and our children whilst committing to climate breakdown. “It’s no wonder the entire environmental movement is focusing on ending fossil fuels and the death they cause. “The writing is on the wall, and we are out of time. READ MORE: Poignant pictures show US bombers at UK airbase amid World War 3 fears “We face an ongoing cost of living crisis with fossil fuel companies making record-breaking massive profits. “We have failed to insulate homes or make progress on energy efficiency here in the UK and experts are expecting an especially difficult winter later this year unless bold effort is made in the name of protecting the vulnerable and the poor. “Boris Johnson arguing for a ‘climate change pass’ involving new fossil fuel development sidelines the decades of failure to prevent millions of deaths from pollution and climate breakdown by building in decades more failure and more millions of deaths. “We need to decarbonise and to do so as fast as possible.” It comes after the Government said it would step up domestic production of oil and gas following the invasion of Ukraine. It also announced it would phase out imports of Russian oil by the end of 2022. Boris Johnson said stopping imports of Russian oil by the end of 2022 was “another economic blow to the Putin regime”. However, the move is believed by economists to also raise petrol prices and feed inflation in the west. Experts at the Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit said the UK oil ban alone could cost Moscow more than £5billion this year. Analysts said the crackdown was expected to push up the price of fuel, with petrol already hitting a record 155p a litre this week in the UK, 24 percent higher than in 2021. Susannah Streeter, senior investment and markets analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, told the Guardian: “With supply constrained, while demand rockets for supplies from elsewhere in the world, it seems the only way is up for energy prices. “There is no magic wand to wave to speed up the shift to renewables, and although the EU has pledged to accelerate the process of weaning member countries off Russia, it’s going to be a hugely difficult and expensive transition.”