A statement issued by the palace late Saturday afternoon confirmed that the mother of twins Prince Jacques and Princess Gabriella has returned home and will continue her “convalescence in the Principality with her husband and her children by her side.”  It said: “The next few weeks should allow for Princess Charlene to further strengthen Her health before gradually resuming Her official duties and commitments.”  The statement also confirmed that because of the royal's “encouraging recovery” and with her doctors’ permission she has been able to return to her home. It went on to say that she was looking forward to socialising with the people of Monaco once her health has recovered. The statement finished by saying: “In order for Princess Charlene to achieve a full recovery and as She still needs peace and calm, The Princely Couple therefore asks that their private life and family environment continue to be respected.” The princess was admitted to a treatment facility outside of Monaco in November, with her husband revealing in December that she was “recuperating in a satisfactory and reassuring manner”.  The 44-year-old royal has been absent from public life for almost four months as she continues to receive medical care. The former Olympic swimmer checked into a treatment facility outside Monaco in November. It came after she returned to the principality from a six-month stay in South Africa, where she was raised. The princess collapsed in public during her visit to the country and was also treated for an ear, nose and throat infection. READ MORE:Princess Diana’s wedding dress designer was ‘HORRIFIED’ by gown    Her husband, Monaco’s Sovereign Prince Albert, confirmed in November she had started receiving treatment for emotional and physical exhaustion. Near the end of January, Monaco’s Palace said in a statement her recovery was “expected to take several more weeks”. Amid her absence, the royal has missed a string of events, including Monaco’s National Day in November. DON'T MISS:Putin will invade EU cities if the West fails to interveneKyiv will only fall if it is ‘razed to the ground’, warns Zelensky US consulate in Erbil targeted by 12 long range missiles  She also missed Gabriella and Jacques’ seventh birthdays in December, although the Palace said the twins were set to visit their mother at Christmas.