Roman Abramovich announced his arrival with a £154million splurge in his first transfer window as Chelsea owner. The Russian billionaire, who recently announced he had put the Blues’ up for sale, purchased the club from Ken Bates for £140m in the summer of 2003. His arrival proceeded a season which saw Chelsea pip Liverpool to the final Champions League place in a dramatic end of season encounter dubbed ‘The £20m match”. Claudio Ranieri’s side edged out the Reds in a 2-1 victory at Stamford Bridge, with goals from Marcel Desailly and Jasper Gronkjaer cancelling out Sami Hyypia’s opening goal for the Merseysiders. But while the Blues did not know it at the time, their victory over Liverpool provided the perfect platform for Abramovich to enter the club and, almost overnight, turn them into serious powerhouses. Express Sport considers seven of the players who arrived in Abramovich’s first season in charge. JUST IN: Chelsea's incoming owner sent message over first task to catch City Claude Makelele Very few players have a footballing position labelled after them but defensive midfielder Claude Makelele was really that good. The Frenchman joined the club from Real Madrid in a deal worth £13.8m and went on to become one of the finest defensive midfielders the Premier League has ever seen. Nearly 20 years since he joined the club, Makelele is now a youth coach and technical mentor at Chelsea, having managed Belgian side Eupen and French side Bastia. Hernan Crespo The marquee signing of an explosive summer transfer window, Hernan Crespo’s time at Chelsea has often split opinion. The Argentine midfielder scored 12 goals in 21 appearances in his first full season at the club, before joining AC Milan on loan in the 2004-05 season. He returned to the club for another season, contributing 13 goals in 40 appearances, before returning to Inter Milan at the end of the campaign. Since retiring in 2012, Crespo has managed third tier Italian side Modena, Argentine sides Banfield and Defanse, and Brazilian giants Sao Paolo. He is also believed to be one of the favourites to replace former Real Madrid manager Santiago Solari at Mexican giants Club America. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man UtdKylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chanceBarcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Damien Duff Damien Duff was the second most expensive signing of Chelsea’s transfer splurge, having played an inspirational role in Blackburn Rovers’ impressive sixth place finish. The Irishman won two Premier League titles in west London before signing for Newcastle United in the summer of 2006. After a brief tenure as the assistant manager of Celtic, Duff is now the manager of Irish Premier Division side Shelbourne where he has began the season with four points in his first three League matches. Joe Cole Chelsea capitalised on West Ham United’s relegation by poaching one of their most talented and sought-after young players Joe Cole. The wing wizard went on to enshrine himself in Chelsea folklore, playing a huge role in three Premier League title triumphs, three FA Cups, and two League cups during his seven years at the club. Cole is now one of the most recognisable pundits in English football, making regular appearances on BT Sports’ coverage of Premier League and Champions League football. Glen Johnson Another player to be ripped away from the relegated Hammers, Chelsea signed Glen Johnson when he was only 19-years-old. Ranieri placed an awful lot of trust in the former Liverpool and Stoke City right-back, affording him 19 Premier League appearances in his first season at the Blues. While he collected winners’ medals in Chelsea’s two Premier League titles and League Cup between 2005 and 2006, his opportunities became squeezed, and he eventually went on to join Portsmouth in the summer of 2006. Johnson is now a regular voice on TalkSPORT as well as a pundit on various football shows. Wayne Bridge Ranieri signed Wayne Bridge from Southampton after Graeme Le Saux was allowed to depart the club at the end of the season. Bridge made 142 appearances for the Blues across six seasons at Stamford Bridge, before departing for Manchester City in the 2009 January transfer window. Bridge has since starred in the 2016 series of I’m a Celebrity Get Me Out of Here and even won the first ever celebrity series of Channel 4’s SAS: Who Dares Wins, where he trekked El Morado Glacier in Chile. He is also a key poker player who regularly plays one day live events.