Nathan Fillion stars as John Nolan, the oldest rookie in the Los Angeles Police Department, in the hit crime drama on ABC. Currently in the middle of its fourth season, The Rookie has built up a considerable fanbase of devoted viewers, though some episodes haven’t been quite so well-received. Season four of The Rookie will return to a documentary format for the upcoming episode, Real Crime. The popular police drama had previously experimented with the style in the season three episode, True Crime. Fans of the show were divided by the change in tone, with many fans left wishing it had stuck to its usual format. Unfortunately for some viewers, the precinct will find itself at the centre of another true crime docuseries when an influencer becomes the prime suspect for a chilling murder case. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? The new trailer reveals Nolan and his colleagues sitting down for interviews, confirming the episode’s documentary-style change of pace. Once the new clip had been released on YouTube, several fans of the show took to the comments to express their disappointment. Many viewers recalled the backlash to True Crime, and questioned why the showrunners had decided to give the divisive format another whirl in season four. YouTube user Awkward Freakin Person said: “I can already tell that people are not going to like this episode, this is literally the True Crime episode all over again.” To which Who's A Pretty Kitty? replied: “Didn’t they see how everyone didn’t like the first one? Why are they doing another? “I mean, maybe this one will be more interesting because it involves Thorsen, but I don’t know, it just makes no sense to make another episode formatted the same way as an episode that half the audience didn’t like.” Newcomer Aaron Thorsen (played by Tru Valentino) was introduced earlier this season and almost immediately became a hit with fans thanks to his troubled reputation. Hopefully his involvement in the next documentary episode can help win fans over, but many of them still remain unconvinced. “I really didn't like the true crime episode last time around,” Tanya Roberts replied. “At least this one will give us more info into Aaron's background and character storyline.” DON'T MISS:Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker replaced by Christoper Eccleston? [THEORY]Vikings Valhalla season 2: Ivar’s descendant takes the throne? [INSIGHT]Yellowstone: Kevin Costner pays tribute to woman 'who changed my life' [COMMENT] And Gelica Inouza wrote: “No, not again. Me no likey dem true crime episodes. They feel so weird talking straight into the camera.” While Hari Seldon fumed: “Can't believe they're going to do the interview BS again. “And no way would Nyla be doing those interviews when she wants to continue to do undercover work.” Nyla Harper (Mekia Cox) was an undercover detective for four years before the series started, and has been wanting to return to the field, so it certainly came as a surprise to see her front and centre in the true crime doc. Thankfully, not every fan had the same complaint with the next episode, as some were excited to see The Rookie changing things up again. Ilahmae Cunanan commented: “I can’t wait for a Real Crime episode!!” “I love this show,” Monica Joling added. “Just keeps getting better with each episode.” Hopefully Real Crime doesn’t veer the series too far off course, but there is still plenty more of The Rookie to look forward to after this Sunday’s episode. The Rookie season 4 continues Mondays on ABC.