Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William attended the poignant service at Westminster Abbey alongside their eldest children, Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince George, eight. Their youngest son Prince Louis, however, was not in attendance. The decision to leave the boy home may have been taken because of his young age, as Louis turns four in April. However, the Court Circular - which records the official engagements of senior royals - may be providing a clue the Cambridges have considered also bringing their youngest child to the service. Under the date March 29, the royal diary listed all those who have attended the moving service. But it also includes Prince Louis's name, adding "TBC" - to be confirmed, in brackets. The entry reads: "The Service of Thanksgiving for The Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh was held in Westminster Abbey this morning. "The Queen, accompanied by The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall, The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge with Prince George of Cambridge, Princess Charlotte of Cambridge and Prince Louis of Cambridge[TBC], The Duke of York with Princess Beatrice, Mrs. Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and Mr. Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and Princess Eugenie, Mrs. Jack Brooksbank and Mr. Jack Brooksbank, The Earl and Countess of Wessex with The Lady Louise Mountbatten-Windsor and Viscount Severn, The Princess Royal and Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence, Mr. Peter Phillips, Mr. and Mrs. Michael Tindall, The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, The Duke of Kent, Prince and Princess Michael of Kent, and other Members of the Royal Family and Members of The Duke of Edinburgh's Family, was present. "Members of Foreign Royal Families and other Foreign Representatives attended. "The Dean of Westminster conducted the Service. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's body language 'close to tears' at memorial service "The Dean of Windsor gave an Address. "The Archbishop of Canterbury pronounced the Blessing." Spotting this detail, Canadian royal expert Patricia Treble wrote on Twitter: "Interesting nugget in the Court Circular. "'Prince Louis of Cambridge [TBC]' (TBC = to be confirmed)   "Sure, he turns four next month but that would have been a long service for such a young boy". Prince George and Princess Charlotte appeared to perfectly fit in their royal roles as they smiled widely and shook hands with the clergymen lined up at the entrance of the abbey to greet the guests. One royal commentator, Roya Nikkhah, appeared to be impressed by the performance of the Cambridges' children at the ceremony. Providing commentary during the BBC One broadcast, she said: "Just eight years old and getting used to lineups. "It's very nice of Princess Charlotte to be there with him as well." Ms Nikkhah added: "She's an absolute natural Princess Charlotte, isn't she?" This isn't the first major royal appearance made by the young royals. All the Cambridges children attended Trooping the Colour parades. Princess Charlotte and Prince George debuted at the Christmas Day service at St Mary Magdalene Church in Sandringham in 2019. Following the service, the little royals took part for the first time in a royal walkabout, during which Charlotte hugged one of the well-wishers after she gifted her a pink inflatable flamingo. On the following December, Kate and William walked down the red carpet at the London Palladium theatre with George, Charlotte and Louis to attend a special panto performance.