Borussia Dortmund striker Erling Haaland has reportedly rejected Manchester City’s first approach for his services. Pep Guardiola’s side are now believed to be the favourite to sign the sensational Norwegian hitman as Real Madrid have reportedly began harbouring doubts about the striker. Haaland will be available this summer for around £62million, courtesy of a buy-out clause which was inserted into his Dortmund contract after he moved to the club from RB Salzburg. But while the proposed transfer fee connotes a serious bargain, a sizeable commission demanded by his Father, Alfe-Inge Haaland and his agent Mino Raiola, as well as his personal wages are expected to sky-rocket any potential deal. Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Manchester City, Barcelona, and Paris Saint-Germain have all been linked with a move for the 21-year-old. Haaland has been on fire this campaign, scoring 23 goals and contributing six assists in 23 appearances for the Bundesliga giants. However, his future appears to be away from Marco Rose’s side, despite their best efforts to commit him to a new deal at the Signal Iduna Park. But while his rejection of the current Premier League leaders is not yet believed to be definitive, Haaland has reportedly turned down an opening offer from City. READ MORE: Declan Rice 'has preference' between Chelsea and Man Utd transfer as £150m price-tag set Spanish outlet AS claims Haaland’s father and Raiola received a significant offer from Guardiola’s side. The proposal reportedly included an enormous salary of £501,000 per week, equating to a net salary of around £23m. But it is understood Haaland may be interested in a move to City if Real Madrid do not follow through in their initial interest. Unfortunately, a move to Carlo Ancelotti’s side may require a degree of patience on Haaland’s part as they are reportedly apprehensive about his injury record, combined with the finances needed to complete any deal. El Chiringuito journalist Josep Pedrerol, via Sport Witness, claims the total fee for the transfer, including Haaland’s wages and commissions would amount to a staggering £167m. Real Madrid currently appear poised to sign Kylian Mbappe on a free transfer when his contract at Paris Saint-Germain expires at the end of the season. But while the finances of such a deal will likely dominate the conversation, sources in Germany claim Haaland’s main priority is the quality of the footballing project offered to him. And former Bayern Munich sporting director and current advisor to Borussia Dortmund Matthias Sammer confirmed City’s interest in the striker. “I know City’s behind [him], Sammer said to Amazon, via Bild. “The numbers – I had whiplash! I fainted. My wife lifted me up. Accordingly, it is possible.” Manchester City are still in hot pursuit for a new striker after their failure to sign Harry Kane last season.