The remaining episodes of series 11 of Vera are expected to air on ITV later this year and will see DCI Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) and her sidekick Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) back to solve a string of murders. However, the duo are not on their own, as they have DC Mark Edwards (Riley Jones) and DC Jac Williams (Ibinabo Jack) to help them behind the scenes. Ibinabo landed her role in the ITV series in 2018 and has played DC Jac Williams ever since, Before Vera, the actress had never worked in TV before although she had featured in many West End Show including the likes of Dreamgirls and The Bodyguard. Speaking in an interview with Express.co.uk, Ibinabo explained some scenes don’t make the final cut because of a number of blunders. She went on to detail one particular shot, where Kenny had to “fake” a scene. READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up The actress began: “There are so many things that happen that don't make the final because we couldn't keep it together or certain shots that just looked funny. “Kenny had to do a thing of pretending to walk down a flight of stairs. “The stairs didn't exist, so we had to fake that he was going down the stairs and on set it looked ridiculous, but brilliant when we watched the episode back.” Ibinabo went on to add because the cast gets on so well, they sometimes get the giggles. Discussing what goes on behind the scenes and how they try to stay in character, the Jac Williams star said: “Brenda will do an impression or there'll be a joke that happens in between takes. “And Kenny always goes 'press night' [to get us back into character]. “When he says ‘press night’ it's then back into the theatre world of that energy that you have when you're doing a press night performance and where everything has to go right. “So, there's no room for giggles and there's no room for mistakes.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street Leanne Battersby betrays Nick Tilsley's trust [SPOILERS]Vera star opens up on filming first scene with Brenda Blethyn [INSIGHT]Emmerdale exit for Ethan Anderson as he runs off with newcomer? [VIDEO] On working with lead lady Brenda, the 39-year-old said she loves that the actress is nothing like her character. “She's very good at welcoming people and I do see it now that I'm a regular,” Ibinabo explained. “And when you've got guest actors in, she's very good at putting people at ease. “She's very open-hearted and makes everyone feel comfortable.” She continued: “She is telling jokes, or we do the crossword together. She's a pussycat and I think it's cool Vera isn't.” Discussing filming her first ever scene with DCI Stanhope, the West End star said she was really nervous. “My first ever seen on Vera was with Brenda and it was in the Land Rover,” the actress added. “So, it's iconic. She's iconic. I've been a huge fan of hers for years and I was massively nervous.” Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.