 Phillip Schofield and Josie Gibson chatted to disability activist Barbara Lisicki on Monday’s episode of This Morning. The presenting duo chatted to Barbara about her work. However, before the interview began, Phillip apologised to Barbara about a mistake that had delayed her arrival at the studio.    Phillip explained Barbara’s interview was later than planned as a result of an error with her transport. The presenter apologised and revealed an unsuitable car was accidentally sent to transport Barbara to the This Morning studio. Phillip insisted the error was the fault of the car company, saying they hadn’t listened to the instructions about the type of accessible vehicle required for the trip. He began: “I’m actually going to start not the way I’d planned to start this chat because I'm going to start with an apology. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom stars 'heartbroken' and 'exhausted' as movie wraps  “Reading your story this morning, parts of it are things I’d never heard before and that’s the important mission that you were on and still are on. “I looked towards the end of the interview and thought how much are we progressing? How much better are we getting? “Then I find out this morning that the car company we use for this show - and we specifically asked them for a car that would enable your access - and we had to change the order of the show today because they didn't send a car you could get into. "So we still have a long way to go,” Phillip remarked.    Barbara smiled and replied: “It's one of life's daily ironies.” “How do you feel when that happens?” Phillip questioned. Barbara explained: “It’s a frustration that all disabled people encounter. "It’s big stuff, it’s little stuff. But, there's always a barrier to just being able to get on with following your plans or living your life,” she said. DON'T MISS...Holding viewers insist drama isn’t doing Graham Norton book ‘justice’ [MUST SEE]Death in Paradise’s Don Warrington speaks out on future of series [UPDATE]EastEnders theory: Stacey heartbreak as Harvey urges Jean to leave? [THEORY]  She went on to speak about her activism journey with hosts Phillip and Josie. Barbara is well known for having changed history in the 1990s by tirelessly campaigning for equal rights for people with disabilities. She also chatted about the upcoming BBC drama Then Barbara Met Alan, which is inspired by her real-life relationship with Alan Holdsworth. Barbara is portrayed in the film by Years and Years actress Ruth Madeley.    Commenting on the casting, Barbara remarked: “I’m very happy. Ruth should get a BAFTA for this, she’s a very good Barbara. “We’ve made friends since meeting over this,” she added. Meanwhile, The Innocents star Arthur Hughes takes on the role of Alan. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV and Then Barbara Met Alan is available on BBC iPlayer now. 