Lewis Hamilton ‘nearly killed’ Nico Rosberg during their heated title battle, according to former F1 star Heikki Kovalainen. The Fin raced alongside the seven-time champion at McLaren in 2008 and 2009, and watched his team-mate win his maiden world title in dramatic circumstances.   The 40-year-old offered an insight into how difficult it is to race alongside the relentless Hamilton, and found it difficult to match his abilities. The Rally Team AICELLO driver told talkSPORT: “Occasionally I could match him but over the full season I had to stretch every session to match him. “You can only do so much stretching and then you run out of energy and that was the case with me, I didn’t have enough margin in my capacity to do the times and the races that he did, so it was not easy. His level of performance is so high that even for super talents like Max it requires a lot of effort, a lot of focus, a lot of energy, so it’s not going to be easy, not everyone can handle that, it’s as simple as that. “I think Rosberg had to use all the tools from his toolbox to be able to beat Lewis and that nearly killed him, he said it himself, he couldn’t have done another season like that or he’d be dead.” So far Hamilton has outdone every teammate he has had throughout his illustrious career and in 2020, he equalled the record of seven F1 world titles, a truly phenomenal achievement. JUST IN: George Russell demands Mercedes improvements as he delivers Lewis Hamilton title verdict Kovalainen was full of praise for his former colleague, who he knew would go on to have a successful F1 career, but not to the extent of equalling the sport’s most sacred record of world championships won. “When I was there you wouldn’t have thought that he would beat Michael’s record,” he said. “But even then everyone knew that he was very good. “He was super talented and dedicated in all kinds of ways that you can measure, he’s right at the top. So already then it was obvious then that he was going to be good, he was going to be a world champion one day, it was pretty obvious from a very young age and then it turned out to be the case.” Kovalainen, who drove in F1 from 2007-2013, praised the 37-year-old for his work ethic combined with his supreme talent. "It’s not just pure talent, there are a lot of talented guys out there, and I think in Lewis the talent and the work combined,” he added. “He’s obviously very dedicated and he’s very determined, if he wants something and he sets his sights on something he’s determined to get there. That was obvious in everything that he was doing, if you went and played golf he was determined, if he wanted to beat you in anything he could and that’s one of his strengths. “I believe that the setbacks that he’s had in his life he’s been super good at dealing with them much more than any other athletes, not just race drivers, he’s very good at turning things around and coming back stronger.” 