Kate, 40, has often been compared to her late mother-in-law Princess Diana, who died tragically in a car crash in 1997. Last month, a previously unseen portrait of the late Princess of Wales emerged, taken by esteemed photographer David Bailey in 1988. The photo has been compared to Kate’s birthday portraits taken earlier this year. Royal author Angela Levin took to social media to urge the Duchess of Cambridge to “be herself”. The never-seen-before Diana portrait shows her looking to the distance, just like Kate in one particularly ethereal portrait. The stance of the women is also similar, coming across as both powerful and regal, a feat particularly fitting for two of the most famous royal women in recent history. Both royal women also wore one-shouldered gowns in the snaps, and the portraits follow the same black-and-white theme. Royal biographer and commentator Angela Levin took to social media to point out the similarities. She wrote to her 33k followers: “I think Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge should stick to being herself.“She doesn't need to try to be someone else, including Diana. She's great as she is.” Royal fans were quick to defend the claims the Duchess was impersonating the late Princess. READ MORE: Queen preparing to make huge sacrifice to step into 'limelight' One royal fan wrote: “There's no comparison. If the royal family see Catherine as the future female face the monarchy, it's a testament.” Another with the screen name Lady Ingrid added: “Catherine is perfect as she is, she’s got her own personality, her personal way [to] make things and it’s fine and more important she knows her role and duties and she supports perfectly well the RF.” A third called George said: “The Duchess of Cambridge never tried to be anyone else but herself. She has been in the public eye for over 20 years. “A lot longer than that of Diana. The Duchess of Cambridge has made her own mark and done things her own way including creating her adorable family.” DON'T MISS Queen only answers phone to two people [INSIGHT] Kate’s humble reaction after being called ‘beautiful and perfect’ [REVEAL] Princess Anne delights fans as she plants jubilee tree [REPORT] While a fan page for William and Kate added: “Yes Catherine is great as she is but we all know she wasn’t, isn’t and will never try to be like Diana!” The user went on to: “She has always been her own woman and this won’t change!” Another said: “Catherine is one of a kind and so was Diana”, while one more wrote: “She is very much her own person with wonderful traits which gain the respect so many people have for her.” The snap of Diana was compared to three stunning photographs released in January to mark Kate’s 40th birthday In the snaps, the future Queen Consort wears different Alexander McQueen dresses with her hair loose around her shoulders. They were taken at Kew Gardens in November by fashion photographer Paolo Roversi. Kate paid homage to her late mother-in-law in the photos, as in one snap her engagement ring is prominently on display, which formerly belonged to the Princess of Wales.The ring features a 12 carat Ceylon sapphire, originating from Sri Lanka. The Duchess also wears earrings that belonged to her Diana in two of the photographs.