The NHS now has an online checker where people can find out their heart age. Known as the Heart Age Test, it gives people an idea as to what their heart age is compared to their actual age. As well as this, the NHS adds that an individual will also find out “the number of extra years you can give you heart age by making some healthy lifestyle changes, the importance of blood pressure and cholesterol levels in estimating your heart age [and] how to improve your heart age by eating better and moving more”. The test is only available for those aged 30 to 95. READ MORE: Diabetes: The feeling that could be an indication of high blood sugar Meanwhile, there are a number of symptoms of a heart attack to look out for; these could be useful in order to identify whether someone is experiencing the symptoms to then act accordingly. Symptoms include: chest pain, pain in other parts of the body, feeling lightheaded or dizzy, sweating, shortness of breath, nausea, vomiting, an overwhelming feeling of anxiety, coughing or wheezing. Although these signs may happen in isolation, it does not necessarily mean that someone who is experiencing just one of them is having a heart attack. Furthermore, the NHS says women are more likely to experience other symptoms such as shortness of breath, nausea, vomiting and pain at the back of their jaw.  If someone is having a heart attack, it is important that an ambulance is called as soon as possible. In some cases, a person experiencing a heart attack can go into what is known as a cardiac arrest. This occurs when the heart stops beating and is known more specifically as a sudden cardiac arrest. Symptoms of a cardiac arrest are a person who appears not to be breathing, who isn’t moving, or who doesn’t respond to any stimulation such as being spoken to. The NHS suggests that if a person believes another has gone into cardiac arrest they should “perform chest compressions [if a defibrillator cannot be found], as this can help restart the heart”. While heart disease can cause someone to have a heart attack, there may be other causes too, such as drug misuse and a lack of oxygen in the blood. Going forward there may be another cause to consider with regard to heart attacks, COVID-19. Recent reports have shown that people who have experienced even a mild form of Covid have an increased risk of heart disease. This rise was seen across all groups regardless of age, sex, gender, or ethnicity. As a result, scientists say health systems will need to be prepared for an increase in patients needing long-term care. At the moment the NHS is still recovering from the three pandemic waves. For more information on heart disease consult with your GP. 