Potting up plants can be a messy job, especially when it comes to houseplants. Plants need drainage which means it’s essential that they have holes in the bottom of their pots. However, the holes in the bottom of pots can allow soil to escape, leaving a mess on patios, window sills and household surfaces. Gardening experts at Dobbies Garden Centres have shared a handy hack for tackling this problem using a coffee filter. In a video, they showed keen gardeners how to use the hack: In a pot, which usually has a hole at the bottom, gardeners need to place a coffee filter. The circumference of the coffee filter needs to cover the hole and will likely be larger than the pot itself. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to descale your kettle - ‘so cheap and easy!’ There should be excess material around the interior sides of the pot. Next, it’s time to add the compost to the pot. Try and ensure the compost remains inside the coffee filter. Fill the pot around half way so there’s enough room to plant something.  DON'T MISSCleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 6p hack to clean burnt oven door glass [INSIGHT]Inside Princess Michael of Kent's former £5.75million haunted house [UPDATE]DIY SOS star Mark Millar on the rooms that ‘automatically boost value’ [ANALYSIS] Once the plant is positioned, fill the rest of the pot with compost. The coffee filter hack should ensure there is less mess from the plant while ensuring the soil stays moist. Dobbies Garden Centre said in their caption of the video: “Make sure the compost around your plant is always moist with our bright idea - use a coffee filter and you can't go wrong.” Putting a coffee filter between the pot and the soil will allow the plant to drain properly without leaving a mess behind. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Coffee filters can also be used for seedlings as they provide drainage and aeration. To do this, follow the same method but in a smaller pot. If a coffee filter isn’t available, gardeners can use a paper towel or toilet roll. These are cheaper options that are just as effective.  Coffee filters are also great for roots as they allow them to have more room. Rocks at the bottom of plant pots can take up more space and displace the soil while coffee filters allow the roots to have as much room as they need. Coffee filters also biodegrade which means they can be put in the compost when it comes to repotting that plant in the future.