Kirstie Allsopp, 50, has spoken out in disappointment after she was called out for a spelling error she made on Twitter. The presenter responded to the critique from a fan. Kirstie posted a message to her Twitter about how people need to “learn to live” with Covid. The Location, Location, Location star followed this up with a Tweet about the damage that has already been done to the elderly by ignoring the effects that isolation has on mental health. The Tweet was sent out in full view of Kirstie’s 426,000 followers. A fan then found an error with the spelling of a word, and decided to call the TV presenter out on it. The initial Tweet read: “I don’t understand all this ‘Oh dear, Covid isn’t over?.' “No one ever said it would be. We have a vaccine which is HIGHLY affective. “We have anti-virals and we know far more about how to treat Covid. “But it isn’t going anywhere and we have to learn to live with it.” @Emelschwartz responded jokingly: “ 'Effective' not 'affective' @KirstieMAllsopp.....I expect better from you.” Kirstie replied to the fan, saying: “Absolutely, I expect better from myself.” After owning up to the error, she added: “We have already done terrible damage to the elderly, to children and to other vulnerable groups. “We focused so much on the risk from Covid and ignoring the toll that isolation & fear takes on people’s mental and physical health.” DON'T MISS... 'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown [LATEST] Naga Munchetty reacts after colleagues 'decide to step away' from BBC [INSIGHT] Strictly star's tears as family 'turned back' at Ukraine border [UPDATE] Fans responded with mixed feelings about the TV host’s views. @Hghopcroft said: “Agreed! I avoided the hospital for too long, which meant, unbeknown to me, my cancer was spreading. “Resulted in longer treatment. Could have been avoided. I’m sure I’m one of thousands of similar stories.” @Rebhalp wrote: “Exactly.  People wouldn’t expect flu or the common cold to suddenly vanish, covid is now a widespread virus that is here to stay.” Some disagreed with her, however, and voiced their thoughts on the matter. @Nevererdofher said: “It is a disaster for workplaces. If you run an early years setting for example we have to close if short staffed due to sickness which affects parents who rely on us. “Giving up testing was silly. If people know they’ve got it and isolate straight away it stops it spreading.” @Bethanyusher penned: “Living with it means also being sensible. My children both currently have covid and have been vomiting on and off for a week. “Is it responsible for my family to go out and risk spreading it further? No. Is it a pain being in isolation? Yes.” Kirstie replied to the latter, saying: “Where did I say don’t stay home if you have it?”