Russia has orchestrated a devastating conflict in Ukraine since February 2022, when Vladimir Putin's forces crossed the border to fringe western territories after promising to recognise separatist movements. People living in Europe and beyond, learning of the conflict via a major international media response, have dedicated their time and resources to helping victims of Russian aggression. Journalists have covered the crisis with humility that once earned Mr Snow, now retired after decades of working at Channel 4, condemnation from others in his field. In 2014, while reporting on the Israel-Palestine conflict from the Palestinian capital of Gaza, he released an unusually direct video on YouTube after witnessing "harrowing events and human tragedies". He called attention to the vast power imbalance between the two neighbouring states. Israel, he said, was throwing missiles over its border, killing and injuring children while being able to intercept returning fire from Hamas via its advanced shielding system built with western cash. The result was 1,310 Palestinian children killed and a further 166 injured in Israeli assaults, a number that has only increased in recent years. READ MORE: Britain's nuclear war bunkers exposed - 258 havens across UK  Mr Snow insisted in the video: "In some way, we have to share responsibility for those deaths." He added that for many people living away from the conflict, there was "no priority whatever" to stop. And he accused the British government, United Nations and the rest of the world of being "not that interested". Public response split down the middle, with Channel 4 insisting feedback was "overwhelmingly positive", but other journalists offering some of their harshest criticism. The response draws a contrast with reactions to the invasion of Ukraine. Ultimately the situation is more similar than it might initially appear, given that it involves one advanced nation attacking another on its border that is far less equipped. Since February, the BBC and its counterparts nationally and internationally have reported on the invasion with wording similar to Mr Snow's in 2014. They have unequivocally referred to the conflict as an "invasion", a statement which has previously drawn controversy when used for the Israel-Palestine conflict. Over his storied career working for Channel 4, which people believe historically leans to the left, Mr Snow has previously harboured conservative views. Speaking to the Radio Times in 2013, he said that, in his teens, he hoped to enter Parliament as a Tory MP. But further down the line, while working for the Voluntary Service, he said he was "radicalised" by the injustice he saw in Uganda. Since joining broadcast ranks, he has been accused of harbouring an anti-Conservative bias, something Channel 4 denies. He reportedly yelled "f*** the Tories" at the Glastonbury festival in 2017, earning him swift condemnation from right-wingers. Tory MP Andrew Bridgen called for his resignation following the reports. Mr Snow has since categorised himself as a "pious pinko-liberal”, and Channel 4 denies entertaining bias.