Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall showed off their dancing prowess as they took to the dancefloor with Irish dancers at Brú Ború centre in Cashel. The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall arrived in Ireland on Friday for a four-day visit to the island of Ireland, which included a two-day visit to Northern Ireland. Footage of the couple dancing emerged days after Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge also joined the dancing alongside pupils in the town of Hopkins, in Belize. While Prince Charles appeared much more cautious as he danced to the jolly tune, Camilla, who is known to quite enjoy dancing, was a much more willing participant in the dance. The Duchess of Cornwall was seen jumping up and down to the rhythm as Irish dancers tapped away in time with the music. Prince Charles and Camilla began their visit at Waterford city centres, where they met with Ukrainians living in the country. The royal began to address the crowd in Irish as he discussed the moving experience of meeting refugees now living in Ireland. JUST IN: William and Kate's huge tour blow as 'others set to follow Jamaica's republican demands'  He said: "Such times as we are living through bring into sharp relief the importance of peace and friendship, which history tells us we can too easily take for granted. "It is yet another demonstration of how our two countries are not just neighbours, but partners who, though at times we have travelled a troubled road together, have through reconciliation and understanding forged a future that has benefitted both our peoples and the world." The royal pair were welcomed by the sound of Welsh-Irish trumpets, similar to those used historically to celebrate the inauguration of kings in ceremonies dating back to the Bronze Age. A specially-composed fanfare was played on the handmade instruments, reproduced using parts found in Anglesey in Wales and Roscrea in Tipperary. READ MORE: Kate and William relationship: How 2007 'make or break' trip saved royal marriage The Duchess of Cornwall donned a green pinafore dress and green crepe coat, in similar style to the Queen's bright green outfit of 2011. The Prince and Duchess also visited Cahir Farmers' Market, meeting food producers and community groups from across the county. The royal visit brings to a close Charles and Camilla's two-day trip to the Irish Republic, which followed a two-day stint in Northern Ireland as part of a number of royal tours marking the Queen's Platinum Jubilee year. DON'T MISS Al Murray mocks Kate and Prince William's 'embarrassing' photo [INSIGHT] Queen to reunite with beloved royal cousin at Prince Philip's memorial [REPORT]Prince Charles opens up on his and Camilla's joy on royal visit [REVEAL] Choir director John Murray said it was "poignant" to have Charles visit the same site as the Queen. Mr Murray said: "It's rare that you get to sing for two royals, so it is great to get to do that, and the visit is a great thing for Cashel. It's quite poignant that his mother was here." They sang traditional Irish blessing May The Road Rise To Meet You, which had also been performed for the Queen. As he walked towards Bru Boru cultural centre, Charles met and shook hands with cheering schoolchildren who lined the route.