Gemma Atkinson, 37, shares daughter Mia, with her Strictly Come Dancing fiance Gorka Marquez, 31. The actress took to Instagram to fume at Strictly Come Dancing pro Gorka as their daughter slept in on the day the dancer was home and on parent duty. Gemma took to her Instagram story this morning to tell her 1.7 million followers what happened. She said: "When Gorka's away and I'm on my own with Mia I have to be in the 5am club. "I've got from 5 till 7 in the morning to train, eat, shower. "The day when he's home, the one day when he's home, she lies in." READ MORE: Strictly's Motsi Mabuse unleashes fury on Ukraine remarks She fumed: "On the day I don't need help, rushing around. Kids know, unbelievable!" Gemma captioned the video: "The one day I don't need to rush around she has a lay in." Gorka has been away on a UK tour with fellow dancer Karen Hauer. Last month, Gorka took to Instagram to play a trick on his friend. In the cheeky clip, Gorka slowly crept up unbeknownst to his pal before the dancer yelled out loud. The unsuspecting friend also screamed out in shock after falling victim to the Strictly's pro's hilarious prank. But it wasn't long before Gemma caught wind of the moment. A social media user wrote: "@gemmaatkinson how do you put up with this daily?" Gemma replied: "I'm living in bl***y fear". The actress took the opportunity to post the clip, in view of her 1.7 million followers. DON'T MISS... Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby [INSIGHT] Julia Bradbury says she's ‘lucky to be alive’ in new health update [HEALTH] Singer FKA Twigs bares all in totally see-through dress at NME Awards [PICTURES] It comes after the ex-Emmerdale star recently outed her beau in a candid photo. She posted a photo of her Gorka where he was unaware he had been caught on camera. In the candid shot, Gorka could be seen sitting in a chair while in the hospital as his fiancée prepared to give birth to their daughter in 2019. But the Strictly favourite was captured with his head laid back, headphones placed in his ears with his eyes closed. She captioned the picture: "How @gorkamarquez casually nodded off during my labour." But Gorka cheekily fired back at the post as the dancer claimed he had simply been preparing for labour. Taking to his own Instagram stories, the professional dancer attempted to explain what happened while they were at the hospital. In view of his 688,000 followers, he penned: "It was 2 minute thinking." (sic)