Retired boxing star Alexander Povetkin has voiced his approval of Russia's invasion in Ukraine. The former heavyweight champion hailed the military incursion as a mission to "fight back Nazism" as he repeated outlandish claims made by president Vladimir Putin in endorsing the fighting. Putin ordered his forces to invade Ukraine in the early hours of last Thursday morning, with fighting raging ever since across several fronts. At least 352 civilians have died in the conflict with more than 1,600 others injured, according to the Ukrainian Interior Ministry. Among those fighting on the Ukrainian side are ex-boxing brothers Wladimir and Vitali Klitschko, who have taken up arms after vowing to defend their country. Current heavyweight champion Oleksandr Usyk has also travelled back to his homeland to help its defence against the advancing Russian forces. While those Ukrainian boxers appear to fully back their own country's stance and plan of action, it appears the same is true for at least one Russian fighter. JUST IN: Boxing champ Lomachenko returns to Ukraine to defend his people Povetkin released a statement on social media in which he appeared to give his approval of Putin's invasion of Ukraine. "There is power in the truth. This famous phrase uttered by [actor] Sergey Bodrov today reflects the essence of what is happening in Ukraine," he wrote on Instagram. "We fought for the truth all these years, while Slavs were being exterminated in the Donbass. That's why I'm a member and his decision to stand up for common people, to fight back Nazism, which parasites at whose expense. "Every war has an end. Let's hope this one end [sic] in the coming days too." DON'T MISS:Joyce's chin lauded by heavyweight - 'Six times of a normal human'Joshua vs Usyk in major doubt as Ukrainian joins war effortChris Eubank Jr details two-fight plan for Brook and Saunders rematch Alongside those words was a photograph of Povetkin's face in front of the Russian flag – underlining his support for his country. The reference to "Nazism" echoes statements from Putin and the Kremlin, both of whom have attempted to justify the invasion as a mission to "denazify" Ukraine and free its people from "fascist" leaders. While there is no evidence of Povetkin signing up to take part in the fighting himself, the same cannot be said for his Ukrainian counterparts. Kyiv mayor Vitali Klitschko and brother Wladimir have both vowed to protect their country at all costs. Vasyl Lomachenko has also enlisted with the Ukrainian territorial army and taken up arms defend his homeland. And Oleksandr Usyk was quick to set the record straight after some accusations on social media that he had "fled" the country. "Dear Ukraine and dear Ukrainians, some wrote about me running away," he said after returning to Ukraine after a work trip to London. "Not true, I had a work trip and now I’m back. I’m home. Friends, we need to unite together and overcome this, because we are faced with exceptional difficulties. "I’m very overcome with emotions and I’m very concerned for my country and for our people. Friends we must stop this war and we must do it together." Since making that statement, he has been pictured with other fighters in Ukraine as he too prepares to defend his country.