Cilla Black was one of the most iconic Liverpool residents of all time. Having come up in the music industry alongside The Beatles, she quickly became a national treasure and was loved by everyone. On top of her singing career, she was also the main draw of the reality show Blind Date which she hosted. She also had her own variety show, titled Cilla. But in her final years of life, she was not happy. Cilla's childhood friend Terry McCann spoke out about the star shortly after she died in 2015, aged 72-years-old. He explained how he had visited her before her death and she was not in a good state of mind. Terry said: "I wasn't surprised when I found out she had died. The last thing she said to me was she was going blind. She showed me her hands, she had arthritis." (Via BBC) The star died in 2015 in her home in Estepona, Spain. A spokesperson for the High Court of Justice in Andalusia suggested that "an accident" may have had a contributing factor to her death. An autopsy later revealed she died from a stroke following a fall. Terry said Cilla knew her death was coming. Terry revealed: "She willed herself to die. She said: 'Bobby's waiting for me.'" Cilla was with her husband, Bobby Willis, for 30 years from 1969 to 1999. She then lived without him for 16 years. Terry continued: "Her mother went the same way. I don't know what her mother died of but it seemed she associated it with her mother's death and she just knew it was going to happen." Cilla's friend also explained how she felt like she was falling apart at the time. READ MORE: Cilla Black gave surprise ultimatum to Ringo Starr's proposal Terry heartbreakingly revealed: "She just said: 'Look at me, I'm a wreck.' I was trying to cheer her up. She knew something we didn't. She knew she was going to die and she said she wasn't going to linger like her mother." He added: "Her mother was ill for two years and she had the same complaint and she said she was never going to linger like that." After her tragic death, tributes poured in for the singer, including messages from Burt Bacharach, Noel Edmonds, and The Beatles. DON'T MISS...Cilla Black gave surprise ultimatum to Ringo Starr's proposal [INFO]Cilla Black: John Lennon made raunchy 'no knickers' remark to star [NEWS]Cilla Black: Dionne Warwick 'feud' began after a song was 'stolen' [INSIGHT] Ringo Starr - a long-lost pal of the star - tweeted at the time: "I just heard the news Cilla black has left us she was a good friend we will all miss her peace to Cilla peace and love to the family R&B xxx." (sic) Paul McCartney also paid tribute to the star. Paul said in a statement: "Such a shock to hear about Cilla’s passing. She was a lovely girl who infected everyone with her great spirit. From first meeting her as a cloakroom girl at the Cavern in Liverpool, to seeing her many times since, she always had a fun loving dignity that made her a great pleasure to be around She had a fine distinctive voice and was always a bit of a laugh. It was a privilege to know and love her." (sic) Shortly after her death, a book of condolence was opened at Liverpool Town Hall for the public to sign and send her messages. SOURCE