While nearly three (2.8) million people under state pension age rely on PIP, estimates suggest that hundreds of thousands more people could be missing out. Many find the process confusing and over complicated, however there are 13 questions people should ask themselves to see if they meet the criteria. Millions of Britons are struggling to pay the bills amid the cost of living crisis, but Government statistics show that thousands are missing out on PIP. PIP replaced the Disability Living Allowance in 2013 and is paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to anyone under state pension age who suffers from a long-term illness, disability or mental health condition. Britons could receive PIP payments between £23.70 and £152.15 each week to help them meet additional costs associated with having a disability. How much they will receive will depend on the severity of their condition and how it affects their ability to conduct everyday tasks. READ MORE: Inheritance tax: How to help your children buy a house Every year billions of pounds in Carer’s Allowance, Personal Independence Payments (PIP) and Attendance Allowance are left unclaimed, according to the DWP. Pensioners are the group who are most likely to not be claiming all the benefits they are entitled to according to Age UK, but they are not the only ones. PIP isn’t means-tested and is not affected by how much savings or income someone has. People do however need to meet certain criteria which is explained on the Citizen’s Advice website. DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis issues stark warning on energy bills [WARNING]‘It’s a corker’ Martin Lewis shares way to pay 24% less on energy bill [INSIGHT]Carer's Allowance set to rise by £109 in April but thousands miss out [UPDATE]   Do I qualify for PIP? To start a claim for PIP, people can call 0800 917 2222 or they can ask someone to call on their behalf but they will need to be present. Applications can also be made by post but they will take longer. Britons can send a letter to: Personal Independence Payment New Claims, Post Handling Site B, Wolverhampton, WV99 1AH. They will then be sent a form which asks about their disability or condition. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea PIP payments are paid at two different rates depending on how difficult someone finds the above tasks. The rates are: Daily living - standard rate £60.00 Daily living - enhanced rate £89.60 Mobility - standard rate £23.70 Mobility - enhanced rate £62.55