Emilia Jones, daughter of Welsh singer and TV star Aled Jones, looked stunning as she walked the red carpet at the BAFTAs in London this evening. She is nominated for a Best Actress gong for her work in comedy-drama film CODA. Emilia, 20, braved the cold in a backless floor-length halterneck dress with a cut out keyhole in the centre of her chest. The gold gown featured a daring split which went all the way up Emilia’s left leg. The star accessorised with dainty gold jewellery and matching stiletto sandals. She wore her dark hair in an elegant bun, backcombed for maximum volume and with her fringe parted so it perfectly framed her face. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update  Emilia will be singing a rendition of Joni Mitchell’s Both Sides Now at tonight’s ceremony in the Royal Albert Hall,  taken from CODA, in which she played Ruby Rossi. Ruby is the eponymous CODA (child of deaf parents) in the hit film, who struggles to balance her own dreams with that of her deaf family and their failing fishing business. The film received three nominations at last year’s Academy Awards, a Golden Globe and a Screen Actors Guild, the latter which it won. Speaking to PA Media, Emilia revealed her nomination was “such a surprise”. “I have been on a journey with this film but do you know what, this came as such a surprise and this is my home town, I’m British! So it’s such a big deal,” she said. “I feel so honoured. So grateful, so lucky to be recognised with people that are just so amazing, so talented. “It’s been such an amazing year for film. So I’m so happy and I’m so excited and there’s so many people that I look up to.” She added: “It’s also come as a surprise to us, but it’s also so humbling because we shot the movie in 30 days, we had no money, we had no time, we didn’t have Apple TV at that point.  DON'T MISS... A Place In The Sun presenter Craig Rowe says filming thrown into chaos[LATEST]Demi Rose flashes derriere in tiny thong as model strips off[PICTURES]Tom Parker seen in a wheelchair amid battle with brain tumour[UPDATE] “We were an independent film, and so to be here, and you know to even just be nominated alongside such amazing films that had time, it’s just so, so grateful.” The star is up against stiff competition tonight, with Lady Gaga, Joanna Scanlan and Tessa Thompson also up for the coveted award. No doubt watching on, proud of his daughter, will be Daybreak presenter Aled, who shares Emilia with his wife Claire Fossett. The Walking in the Air crooner recently joked that his jet-setting daughter was “too busy” to see him these days. During an appearance on Good Morning Britain, Aled told hosts Kate Garraway and Ben Shepherd he loved watching Emilia’s career blossom “from the background”. “The fact that she loves what she’s doing and she’s great at it, so long may it last,” he said. Kate asked Aled, who was recently unveiled as the Traffic Cone on The Masked Singer, if he had offered his daughter any words of wisdom when it comes to dealing with fame. “When do daughters ever listen to their dads, come on! I don’t give her advice,” he laughed. “She’s so level-headed. She loves acting and being on set.”