Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall loves wearing monochrome dress coats or tartan dress coats, which are very similar to ones the Queen wears. The fashion items have become a staple in the 74-year-old royal’s wardrobe. Style experts spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain why.  Ihuaku Patricia Nweke, a fashion designer and stylist from I.Kollection spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk. She said: "Dress coats seem to have become a staple part of the Duchess of Cornwall’s signature style. “This is a style that is actually rather flattering on her and indeed as one gets older they tend to know what suits them and stick to it! “At 5’8” the Duchess of Cornwall is quite a tall lady, however her torso is longer than her legs. READ MORE: Camilla’s engagement ring provided 'strong connection' to Royal Family  “The dress coat-style balances her body shape and gives her a slender, elegant silhouette all round. “She is also a curvy full figured lady and this style shows of her figure in a modest and mature way. “Another lady who favours this look is Camilla’s mother in law the Queen. “We have seen Camilla emulate several of the Queen’s signature looks such as the use of brooches and hats and Camilla’s preference for dress coats is no different.  “This look can be seen as a subtle compliment her mother in law the Queen and a nod at Camilla’s hope to some day play the role of consort next to the future King, her husband Charles the Prince of Wales." Daena Borrowman, the Marketing Manager at jewellerybox has also commented exclusively for Express.co.uk. She said: “Since the time she married Prince Charles, the Duchess of Cornwall’s dressers have worked hard at transforming her sartorial image from country girl to future Queen. “Right from her pre-royal days, Camilla has worn clothes more for their functionality than their fashionality. “As a working royal, Camilla embodies soft, feminine glamour while on engagements, but feels most at home in her trusty barbours and wellies when she is off duty. “The Duchess of Cornwall has a handful of designers that she relies on to keep producing outfits that fit her aesthetic and flatter her figure, including Anna Valentine (the brains behind Camilla’s wedding dress), Bruce Oldfield, Edina Ronay, Fiona Clare and the milliner Philip Treacy. “Her style formula is a combination of v-necks on light, flowy silhouettes, a statement hat or a statement necklace (often both) and sensible shoes. “She has discovered that she looks her best in fuss free dress coats, skirt suits and printed frocks and always wears these in glacial pastels.  “The Duchess of Cornwall possesses a magnificent collection of jewels worth millions; however pearl jewellery is the closest to her heart. “Camilla regularly wears jewellery from the Queen’s and the late Queen Mother’s collections, but the piece that she has worn the most and looks her best in is the Greville tiara. “Interestingly, the £100,000 art deco engagement ring that Prince Charles used to propose to her was originally a gift to the Queen Mother at the birth of the then Princess Elizabeth. “Looking back at everything Camilla has worn as a royal, one outfit that will live in our minds forever is the one that marked the beginning of her new life - her wedding dress. “Designed by Robinson Valentine and paired with a sensational gold feathered Philip Treacy hat, it gave the world an introduction to the Camilla we know today - feminine, dignified and partial to a statement accessory, be it a bold hat or an eye-catching choker.” 