The Post Office Travel Money found that Turkey and Bulgaria are by far the best choices for bargain hunters. Both countries are fantastic value destinations for Britons. The collapse of the Turkish lira has led the resort of Marmaris to bypass Sunny Beach in Bulgaria for the first time. A bottle of local beer costs just £1.54 in Marmaris while a glass of wine is priced at just £1.84. A three course meal for two with a bottle of hot wine was outstanding value at the bargain price of £16.02. The stunning Mediterranean resort of Marmaris has a gorgeous coastline and a buzzing nightlife scene. READ MORE: Very messy’ Simon Calder on P&O Ferries chaos British tourists will also find a bargain in the resort of Sunny Beach in Bulgaria, the second cheapest destination. The Post Office Travel Money said that sales of Bulgarian lev were outstripping Turkish lira by almost 14 percent. A glass of wine in Sunny Beach was even cheaper than Marmaris, priced at just £1.12 while a local beer was only 44p. The price of a three course meal for two with house wine was slightly more expensive than in Turkey at £19.51. British travellers can also find a bargain holiday in the Eurozone with five popular destinations making the top 10. Portugal’s Algarve is the cheapest destination in the Eurozone with Spain’s Costa del Sol in sixth place. The price of a glass of wine in the Algarve was just £1.06 while in the Costa del Sol it was £2.37. Both beautiful destinations are the perfect spots for family holidays with many resorts to choose from. Meanwhile tourists looking to travel further afield could try a holiday to Cape Town, the best value destination outside Europe. Britons travelling to Orlando in Florida will find prices 22 percent cheaper than before the pandemic. Prices have also fallen in Phuket and Dubai, destinations that have now reopened to international visitors after the pandemic. Mexico is also proving a popular choice with sales of the peso at the Post Office 45 percent higher than two years ago. Nick Boden, Head of Post Office Travel Money, said: “It will pay dividends to invest time in holiday homework because many people won’t have travelled abroad in the past two years. “They need to be aware that prices have risen sharply in some destinations and fallen significantly in others. “We advise making a destination shortlist and comparing costs before booking a trip. “The buoyancy of sterling is welcome news as Britons get set to book holidays abroad but, to get the most for their money, they should not only pick destinations where sterling is performing well, but also where the cost of meals, drinks and other tourist staples is low. “There is plenty of choice. In Europe, Turkey and Bulgaria are best buys but further afield it will be worth considering Thailand or Mauritius.” 