Today (Friday), the embassy posted an image of a sunrise over picturesque mountains with the caption “Good morning”. However, it added that the photo was of the “Ai-Petri Mountain, Crimea, Russia”. The mountain sits at the southern tip of the peninsula, near the port city of Sevastopol. The flagrant taunt makes reference to Russia’s current occupation of Crimea, which it annexed from Ukraine in 2014. Many users reacted furiously to the tweet, stating that the mountain – along with the rest of Crimea – was a part of Ukraine. Others pointed to the countless heart-rending images of civilian casualties wounded at the hands of Vladimir Putin’s military. READ MORE: World unites against Russian terror 'Putin go home' Ukraine has been under siege from invading Russian forces for fourteen days now. In that time, it has seen a litany of tragedies that have led to renewed calls for Putin to be tried for war crimes. Today, Ukrainian officials accused Russia of hitting a psychiatric hospital near the eastern Ukrainian town of Izyum. Oleh Synegubov, governor of the Kharkiv region, said 330 people had been at the hospital at the time, some of them confined to wheelchairs or unable to move, and that 73 had been evacuated.   The number of casualties had yet to be established, he said. Mr Synegubov described the strike as “a brutal attack on civilians”, adding: “This is a war crime against civilians, genocide against the Ukrainian nation.”  Meanwhile, in Dnipro, at least one person is dead after Russian air strikes hit near a nursery and an apartment building, the city's emergency services said. In the port city of Mariupol, authorities say Russia dropped bombs on the city again yesterday, a day after hitting a maternity hospital. DON'T MISS UK's list of 'probable nuclear targets' unearthed [REVEAL] Huge fire near hospital in Uxbridge [REPORT] Ukraine city readies thousands of Molotovs - braces for Russian attack [INSIGHT] The attack left three dead, including a six-year-old child, and a further 17 injured, Sergei Orlov, deputy mayor of the city, said. Following the strike, Boris Johnson commented: “There are few things more depraved than targeting the vulnerable and defenceless.” Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky called the attack a war crime, lamenting that children were among those under the wreckage. He said: “An aerial bomb on a maternity hospital is the conclusive evidence that what is happening is a genocide of Ukrainians.” Directly addressing fellow Europeans, Mr Zelensky added: “You won't be able to say that you didn't see what happened to Ukrainians in Mariupol. You saw. You know.” Yesterday, the World Health Organisation confirmed there have so far been 18 attacks on medical facilities since the invasion began. The US and UK now fear that Putin could be planning to use a chemical or biological weapon attack on Ukraine – which have the propensity to kill indiscriminately.   Foreign Secretary Liz Truss told CNN: “We have seen Russia use these weapons before in fields of conflict, but that would be a grave mistake on the part of Russia, adding to the grave mistakes already being made by Putin.” The UK was among 38 nations to refer Russia to the International Criminal Court for potential war crimes for its actions in Ukraine. 