Lady Kitty Spencer, 31, married 63-year-old millionaire Michael Lewis last year in a gorgeous Italian wedding. She looked stunning in her wedding dress, but Kitty's appearance was very different a few years ago. In fact, Kitty has gone through an impressive weight loss transformation in recent years.  Holly Zoccolan, a Nutritional Health Coach and founder of The Health Zoc spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about Kitty’s weight loss. She said: “As Lady Kitty Spencer makes it a priority to stay active whilst travelling, this shows her consistency with leading a healthy lifestyle. “She is often seen on social media swimming, using bikes and generally staying active when travelling. “As we know, consistency is key for a healthy mind and body so it’s great that Lady Kitty makes this a priority.  READ MORE: Nutritionist shares diet plan that’s ‘really good for weight loss’ “We can also see that Lady Kitty is not restrictive with her diet, but makes maintaining her health a priority. “So it seems that she leads a healthy lifestyle, as opposed to following restrictive diet patterns that cause an unhealthy relationship with food and exercise.” In an interview, Kitty explained there were two things that motivated her to change her lifestyle and slim down. One was her first modelling job and the other was Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding.  Many years ago, Kitty was highly criticised because of her weight and appearance. Princess Diana's niece revealed that she was body-shamed when she was younger after receiving many negative comments from cruel followers on social media. Kitty admitted she once got told by a social media user to “lay off the cake” because she was “TOO FAT” in her bikini. A few years later, the socialite responded with a dramatic body transformation.  She then started to get called to model in fashion shows and work for prestigious designers. Kitty Spencer is a model and ambassador for luxury brands such as Bvlgari and Dolce & Gabbana. The model admitted her first job with Dolce & Gabbana completely changed her life and made her realise she had to change her eating habits. Kitty also revealed her cousin’s royal wedding hugely impacted and changed her lifestyle too. That is because of her popularity, as after attending Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding, Kitty gained over 37,000 followers on social media.  She explained: “I woke up the next day and looked at my phone and thought, ‘Whoops, did I take someone else’s by mistake? “It was very weird, and a little bit overwhelming,” she told Town and Country. A few days after the royal wedding, Kitty was offered to be the face of designer brand Bvlgari and selected to be a model in the Dolce & Gabbana 2017 fashion show. Kitty said: “It was terrifying! I was 26 and working full-time for a charity, and I loved it, but it’s very different from that world of style. "I went home and spoke to my family, and my mum said, ‘Well, why don’t you?’ I thought, ‘I’m going to do it for my older self, so I can look back and say I did it.'" 