Genshin Impact update 2.6 live stream could be days away from dropping. The next big Genshin Impact patch is likely due out on March 30 and fans could find out exactly what this patch will be bringing to the table later this week. According to well-known leaker Save Your Primos, the Genshin Impact update 2.6 live stream could be happening on Friday March 18. Earlier this month the account tweeted: "According to our handy-dandy Version Update Calendar, the expected date for the 2.6 Livestream is next week Friday, March 18th. "Subject to change via official announcement, as always." In terms of a start time, if miHoYo follows the schedule for past Genshin Impact live streams then the broadcast should begin at 12pm UK time. As fans wait to find out what will be included in Genshin Impact update 2.6 leaks have pointed towards a five star character banner being re-run. And it's Venti - the first ever five-star banner in Genshin Impact - who is rumoured to be making his long-awaited return.  While another character that could be making a comeback in Genshin Impact is Ayaka. The news comes as the Genshin Impact Twitter has confirmed one new character that will be arriving with update 2.6. This new addition to the roster is Hydro sword user Kamisato Ayato. And leaks have given fans an idea of what to expect from Ayato, who is expected to be a traditional DPS character that has a strong focus on normal attacks. In other Genshin Impact news, fans of the hit game have just seen a new event launch - which is called Of Drink A-Dreaming. The event sees players enter a bartending academy and concoct different drinks for other characters to enjoy.  Outlining the event online, miHoYo said: "The new event "Of Drink A-Dreaming" is about to begin! "Luka from Mondstadt is inviting people to take part in Bartender Academy Week. He says that those whose customers walk away satisfied will receive impressive rewards. "New missions have also been added to Into the Shadows. Complete them to receive BEP. "Event Gameplay Period: 2022/03/10 10:00 – 2022/03/21 03:59 (Server Time). "Of Drink A-Dreaming: Afterword" Quest: 2022/03/21 04:00 – 2022/03/24 03:59 (Server Time). "Adventure Rank 28 or above. Complete Archon Quest Interlude Chapter: Act I - "The Crane Returns on the Wind". "And complete Eula's Story Quest "Aphros Delos Chapter: Act I - The Spindrift Shall Never Return to the Sea". *During the event, the Adventure Rank required to unlock "Aphros Delos Chapter: Act I - The Spindrift Shall Never Return to the Sea" will be adjusted to 28, and the Story Quest will not require a Story Key to unlock." 