Ukraine, with the help of Belarusian railway workers, have dealt a devastating blow to Vladimir Putin's war plans. On Saturday, Belarusian railway workers carried out the "largest act of sabotage" on train lines leading into Ukraine, making it impossible for the Russians to resupply by train. This follows unverified reports of Ukraine battalions also blowing up train lines between Ukraine and Belarus. The railway sabotage comes as supplies and morale among Russian troops continue to sink. It is also a major blow to Russia, which had moved many of its troops and military equipment into Ukraine through Belarus since the invasion began. Oleksandr Kamyshin, head of Ukrzaliznytsia (Ukrainian Railways), said: "I recently appealed to Belarusian railway workers not to carry out criminal orders and not transport Russian military forces in the direction of Ukraine. "At the present moment, I can say that there is no railway connection between Ukraine and Belarus." JUST IN: Ukraine War LIVE: Locals put in camps and moved to distant Russia He continued: "I believe that among the Belarusians - and particularly among the rail workers - there are still honest people. "I don’t want to betray them. I cannot discuss details, but I am grateful to Belarus’s railway workers for what they are doing." The sabotage comes just two days after Ukrainian presidential adviser Oleksiy Arestovych called on civilians in Ukraine, Belarus and Crimea to carry out a “railway war” against Russia. He urged people to destroy rail lines and equipment, particularly in Crimea, other parts of southern Ukraine, eastern Ukraine, and near Belarus. In a video message, Mr Arestovych said: "Now we should ask: Don’t we want to conduct an all-out railway war in the south?” "Breaking the railway supply lines of the enemy - which is the most efficient means of supply - can radically change the situation in our favour." One analyst Alex Kokcharov today tweeted a map of alleged "infrastructure disruption on railways across Belarus in recent weeks". He added: "Belarusian partisans have been sabotaging signals, switches and other equipment to disrupt the delivery of #Russian military hardware by rail to the borders of #Ukraine." DON'T MISS: Boris boost as Ukraine favours UK military pact over NATO- poll [POLL]Queen 'having issues moving around' - doubt over Phillip memorial [INSIGHT]Chilling detail spotted at Putin's Moscow rally hints at future plan [VIDEO] Franak Viacorka, an advisor to exiled Belarusian opposition leader Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya, tweeted: "Heroes! "Belarusian railway workers disrupted the railway connection with Ukraine so that trains with Russian equipment could not be transferred to Ukraine. "We just received confirmation from Belarus railway workers. It's true. Unfortunately, no more details can be revealed. So far it is the largest anti-war diversion at railways." Another Belarus dissident and former politician Pavel Latushka tweeted: "Right now there is an active railway resistance in #Belarus "From Feb 26 to Mar 17, alarm, centralization & blocking systems were disabled, many protective relays were destroyed & transformers dismantled by Belarusian activists. "Belarusians support #Ukrainians in all possible ways." This comes as unverified footage shared online appeared to show Ukraine forces blowing up a key bridge near Kharkiv that allowed Russian trains to move logistics and ammunition to their frontline.