Three Premier League sides remain as Liverpool, Manchester City and Chelsea gear up for Friday's Champions League quarter-final draw. All three have strong reasons to push hard in the competition with the Reds still on for a historic quadruple, City desperate to win the tournament for the first time and the Blues keen to retain their crown. Pep Guardiola and Jurgen Klopp made sure their teams took care of business last week, even if neither could mastermind second-leg home victories. It was ultimately irrelevant as both sides stormed their away ties, with City battering Sporting Lisbon 5-0 and Liverpool pipping Inter Milan at the San Siro. Chelsea beat Lille home and away to book their spot in the last eight alongside two of their English rivals, Villarreal, Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Benfica and Atletico Madrid. Express Sport have simulated Friday's draw to see which mouthwatering clashes could be in prospect. Thomas Tuchel's side had to settle for second in Group H as Juventus won five of their six matches to claim top spot. The Blues' 2-0 home win over Lille in the last 16 was then backed up by a 2-1 victory in France. Chelsea won last year's final in Porto as Kai Havertz's winner proved the difference in a 1-0 win over City. They could have a relatively favourable route to the final once again if Villarreal are drawn out of the hat on Friday. The Spanish side pulled off a sensational 3-0 win in Turin last time out to seal a 4-1 aggregate victory, but Unai Emery's side are only seventh in La Liga and should, in theory, be there for the taking. A clash of the Premier League titans is exactly what most Liverpool and Man City fans are hoping to avoid on Friday. Both teams are already preoccupied with a tense title race which is balanced on a knife-edge as we venture into the final weeks of the season. More psychological battles would be on the cards if a two-legged Champions League clash is put on the agenda. This exact tie was played out in 2018, when the Reds won home and away to emphatically book their spot in the final four. Fans would surely relish a tie between two timeless European heavyweights who are both well-fancied for this year's top prize. Madrid earned a serious morale boost after an unlikely comeback win over PSG, while Bayern overcame first-leg nerves to see off RB Salzburg 7-1 at home. Los Blancos prevailed when these two sides faced off over two legs in 2018, executing a 4-3 aggregate victory en route to lifting the trophy. A clash of dark horses, Atletico and Benfica perhaps both punched above their weight to overcome tricky last 16 ties. The Spanish outfit edged a narrow victory over Manchester United at Old Trafford, and Benfica toppled an exciting Ajax team thanks to victory in Amsterdam. Both sides are well off the pace in their respective leagues but could salvage their seasons by extending an already deep run into Europe's top-tier club competition.  