Christian Horner is preparing for another F1 season this week. The first race of the 2022 season takes place in Bahrain, and Red Bull will be hoping they can secure the Constructors’ championship, having helped Max Verstappen to the world championship last season. Christian is often joined at races by his wife and former Spice Girls member Geri Halliwell (now Geri Horner). They first met in 2009 thanks to Bernie Ecclestone, the former F1 boss, but at the time Christian was still in a relationship with long-term partner Beverley Allen. After Christian and Beverley split, the Red Bull boss started seeing Geri in 2014. In May 2015, the couple tied the knot at St Mary's Church in Woburn, Bedfordshire. The couple have since lived in two sprawling country homes, one in Oxfordshire and the other in Hertfordshire. Their property in Oxfordshire has been shared online and on the Netflix series 'Drive to Survive'. A duck pond sits on the estate, as well as a farm which includes stables for horses, goats and three miniature donkeys. Back in 2019, Christian told Luxury London that the country mansion was the "perfect home to relax in." He added: "Restoring the farm has been my hobby – the way I put racing out of my mind. "The main house is finished but now the barns are being converted. We’re currently putting the finishing touches to an indoor swimming pool." Christian and Geri have a number of reception rooms to entertain from, including one which has a £16,000 original Wurlitzer. When she celebrated her 45th birthday, the Spice Girls star posted a video online singing along to Michael Jackson hit Billie Jean while thanking her husband for the music, which suggested it was a gift for her. Another living room boasts a massive chandelier, as well as a marble fireplace. Geri regularly appears in the F1 paddock on race weekends, and she said last season she was "proud" of her husband after Red Bull's Verstappen won the Drivers' Championship. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton must make one change to beat Max Verstappen Verstappen benefited from a late safety car that led many of the pack to get closer to the front with very little of the race left. Verstappen eventually overtook Hamilton who had been leading for the majority of the race. After the race, Geri told reporters: "I am proud of the team and Max. They have been incredible, they have had good strategies and Checo [Sergio Perez) has done well. "Christian has told me that it's been a tough season." Later that day, Geri also praised her husband on Instagram. DON'T MISS Toto Wolff recalls 'fighting' between team chiefs at dinner party [INSIGHT] Horner trolls Mercedes and explains Hamilton and Verstappen 'tension' [ANALYSIS] Lewis Hamilton makes alarming Mercedes admission [INSIGHT] Christian seems determined to repeat the success of last season, warning Mercedes this week that they cannot "control" the "maverick" Red Bull team. He told the Daily Mail: “The fundamental differences are that Mercedes is a team that has evolved over the years and grown to such a scale that it is a very well-oiled machine across all of its functions on-track, off-track, politically and media-wise, whereas we have retained the essence of a race team. “When you turn up at our factory in Milton Keynes, your sole purpose is working for the race team to improve the car and achieve the best results we can. “You have to be prepared to move quickly and you’ve got to be able to react quickly, not be afraid to speak up, not be afraid to speak your mind. “We are a bit more of a maverick than any other team and that is why Mercedes have not been able to control us. “Either through engine supply or drivers, Mercedes have done that with pretty much every other team over past years. “There has been an element of influence. There isn’t that influence with Red Bull and that makes us a very dangerous competitor.”