 Petrol and diesel prices have spiked in recent weeks as a result of global oil uncertainty, stemming from the Russian invasion of Ukraine. New research has found that 39 percent of drivers have said they’re driving less and taking shorter trip to counter rising prices at the pump.  A further 89 percent of British car owners are concerned about being able to afford petrol, amid an inflation concern hitting petrol stations globally. To counter the costs 20 percent ride a bike or walk instead of driving and five percent switched to public transportation. Around one percent purchased an electric or hybrid vehicle in response to the price hikes. Latest data from RAC Fuel Watch has the price of a litre of unleaded petrol at 155.62p per litre, the highest price ever recorded. READ MORE: Abandoned BMW dealership full of classic cars discovered  Diesel has also shot up in price, reaching an average price of 161.28p per litre, with all fuel prices “likely to rise”. Even prices for super unleaded petrol continue to rise at a cost to the driver of 167.28p per litre. Ryan McGonagill, director of industry research at AutoInsurance.com, warned that prices could continue to rise in the coming months. He said: “Our research found driving less, taking shorter trips, and cutting spending in other areas are the most common ways people are managing petrol prices. DON'T MISSAndy Burnham calls for car tax U-turn after Clean Air Zone backlash [INSIGHT]Major diesel changes are an 'absolute mess' with ban just weeks away [SHOCKING]Drivers warned of increasing car tax costs as huge changes weeks away [WARNING]  “With spring around the corner and more people taking to the roads as the weather gets warmer, it’s safe to say that drivers should brace for even higher prices in the months to come. “Whether the ongoing conflict in Ukraine will continue to affect crude oil markets and impact the price at the pump remains to be seen.” This comes as a motoring organisation has written to all UK MP’s, urging them to cut the rate of fuel duty and implement an independent watchdog for fuel prices. FairFuelUK is calling on the Treasury to take action to “protect UK drivers” by reducing the price of petrol and diesel.  The campaign has backed demands from drivers to cut fuel duty by at least five pence per litre. It is said that these changes would be “vital” to alleviate the “increasing pain” of the cost of living crisis. The organisation said: “It really is time for the Government to recognise that reducing the cost of living should be their prime focus. “Cutting fuel duty by at least 5p per litre, before pump prices become increasingly more unaffordable and even more debilitating for your constituents, is the morally and fiscally right thing to do.  “Please will you call on the Treasury to cut fuel duty and implement PumpWatch immediately.” Robert Halfon, MP for Harlow, made an Early Day Motion in January, calling for a PumpWatch body for fair fuel prices. It also pointed out that when oil prices rise companies often pass that increase on to motorists, but when they fall, the saving is not passed on. So far, seven MPs from the Conservatives, DUP and Labour have supported the motion.