The BBC Today presenter said reported data on the number of Ukrainian refugees resettled in the UK since the start of the Russian invasion is a "source of shame." Over 1.5 million people have fled Ukraine to escape Russia's attacks, with the majority seeking refuge in neighbouring Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, and Romania. Europe Minister James Cleverly was put on the spot after Nick Robinson noted only 50 refugees so far had been reported to have been welcomed to the UK. The BBC host said: "Priti Patel, the Home Secretary, told The Sun, 'I'm urgently escalating our response to create a humanitarian route.' "Is it your understanding there will have to be a new route in order to allow some of these vast numbers of refugees to come to this country?" Mr Cleverly said: "We've got two routes – those who have pre-existing families here in the UK and those who don't. We've got the routes." Mr Robinson asked: "How many people have come so far?" READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG The Conservative MP admitted to not having the figures at hand, which prompted Mr Robinson to inform him only 50 Ukrainian refugees so far had arrived in the UK. Mr Cleverly said: "I know over the weekend the number 50 was being talked about but, of course, the processes that have been set up have only been set up very, very recently. And this is unprecedented levels." But Mr Robinson appeared unconvinced by the explanation: "Sure. Poland processed 42,000 in the last 24 hours. "Now, of course, it's on the border, it's not the same as Britain. Fifty is a source of shame, isn't it? We've got to get our act together." READ MORE: Putin's losses mount as Ukraine forces shoot down Russian fighter jet - dramatic video Mr Cleverly added: "Nick, you're comparing completely different things. As you say, Poland is a border country with Ukraine. "Poland and the other countries that border Ukraine have seen huge numbers of people come through, those countries often have pre-existing family links with people in Ukraine. "It's a completely different setup." Priti Patel has come under fire after claims emerged of Ukrainian refugees being refused a visa to the UK despite the relaxation of rules last week. DON'T MISS: European panic-buyers overwhelm pharmacies over nuclear fears [VIDEO]Putin plot backfires as Finnish president announces plan to join NATO [INTERVIEW]Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin now seizes Russian bank accounts [LIVE BLOG] The UK announced visa schemes for those who have family in the country or a willing sponsor, but the Government faced criticism from the Opposition for not doing enough to help compared with other European countries. Ms Patel said: "I'm urgently escalating our response to the growing humanitarian crisis. "I am now investigating the legal options to create a humanitarian route. "This means anyone without ties to the UK fleeing the conflict in Ukraine will have a right to come to this nation."