Ralf Little, 42, is currently rehearsing for his upcoming Two Pints Live! tour with Will Mellor. The Death in Paradise star has taken to Instagram to share an update during day two, after he was made to feel like a "tool". The actor shared the update in view of his 123,000 Instagram followers. In the snap, added to Ralf's story, he looks furious as he holds up a stained white knitted jumper. The caption reads: "Love it when you spill coffee all down your knitwear like a tool #hadashocker." Ralf and Will have been posting many updates about their upcoming tour, most recently with Ralf posting a video on stage. READ MORE: ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home The nerves were flying between the pair as they both repeated "s***s getting real". Ralf and Will first acted together on the huge sitcom Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps. The pair set up a podcast in 2020 and after their recordings also proved hugely popular, especially during lockdown, they decided to take the show on the road and are now set to travel the UK together in a camper van. In an interview with The Mirror, Will insisted that they will not "tame down" their tour to please the minority. Asked whether he was afraid of today's cancel culture, he replied: "I don't direct any hate towards anybody. You know, having a bit of fun, there's a difference [from being nasty]. "I understand that people can get offended. But the problem I've got is if you've got a room of 1,000 people, there's one person that might get offended at something, and we're now catering towards that one person. "It used to be about the majority and now it's about the minority and some people now who want to get offended will find a way to be offended or anything." Ralf also took a swipe at David Cameron for "creating austerity" in the wake of the Ukraine war. DON'T MISS... Ruth Langsford gives update as procedure leaves her with 'scabby' skin [HEALTH] A Place in the Sun's Jasmine Harman's farewell to Laura Hamilton [INSTAGRAM] Susanna Reid ‘sacrificing extra work projects to find a new beau' [INSIGHT] The former Prime Minister detailed the work he had been doing at a food bank with a series of photographs to his 1.7million Twitter followers. Mr Cameron wrote: "For the last two years I've been volunteering each week at the Chippy Larder, a food project in my local town, which helps low-income families with surplus food from supermarkets (and cuts food waste at the same time). "In the last fortnight, we’ve appealed for the things that refugees from Ukraine need as they arrive in Poland. "The response has been amazing. The brilliant Chippy Larder team have [filled] a small lorry with everything from nappies to sanitary products, warm clothes to first aid kits." Mr Cameron’s deeds did not spark the reaction he was hoping for, instead, legions of users took to the comments to criticise that he was "helping with the mess he created". Ralf, who plays DI Neville Parker on the BBC show, raged: "On the one hand you want to say fair play. On the other hand, he presided over an austerity policy that literally created this situation." Others joining Ralf included Labour MP, Zarah Sultana, who raged: "Foodbank use went up 2,612 percent while David Cameron was prime minister. Apologise for that before you start posing for photos." Political commentator Owen Jones chimed in, comparing his work to a "serial arsonist joining the local fire brigade".