Weight loss guru Dr Michael Mosley popularised the 5:2 diet, keto diet, Fast 800, and most recently, Fast 800 Keto. He shared the top misconceptions around weight loss so that slimmers can shed fat without fuss. Dr Michael dispels the myth that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Dr Michael once thought it “must be true” that dieters should eat breakfast every day, but learnt that “sadly it doesn’t kick-start your metabolism at all”. “I would recommend that kids eat breakfast," he told This Morning, “because they need to get the concentration, and I would also recommend they would eat a protein rich breakfast.” For adults, Dr Michael is all about time restricted eating, which sees slimmers reduce their window of eating to within eight or 12 hours of the day. READ MORE: Camilla's 'anti-ageing' diet - 'avoids back pain' with supplements  When the weight loss guru does eat breakfast, he goes for kippers, an oily fish and “really filling” source of protein. Another “great myth” Dr Michael debunked is that eating too many eggs can raise cholesterol. “It’s one of those great myths that eggs raise your cholesterol. “Terrible, terrible idea that turned out to be completely untrue.” DON'T MISS Dr Michael then spoke about the notion that drinking two litres of water per day will not influence weight loss. “I’m a big fan of water, because of the danger of getting dehydrated, and if you’re doing a diet like the 5:2 diet or Fast diet you want to be drinking a lot of water because otherwise you risk getting constipated, headaches and things like that. “Also, if you drink a lot of water you’re going to get up to a lot and go to the loo, and standing every 30 minutes is really good.” But the way dieters consume water is also key. Dr Michael explained that “your stomach is as clever as a cat”. When water passes through, the stomach doesn’t expand, whereas when food passes through the stomach thinks “I’ve got to digest it, I’ve got to do things with it, I’ll hold it”. “But if you take that same food and mix it into soup, your stomach thinks, I’ve got to hold onto it. “So if you eat exactly the same amount but it’s in the form of soup rather than the dry ingredient, you will stay fuller for about two hours longer.” Dr Michael then revealed that “slow and steady” isn’t the most effective way to go about losing weight, but rather “crash diets”. He stated: “This is one I wish wasn’t true but it turns out probably is false. “I’m not a fan of crash diets, because the danger is you don’t have protein. “Your body badly needs protein. You can store fat, you can store sugar, but you can’t store protein.” After about 24 hours without protein, the body starts to extract protein from the muscles. What Dr Michael instead advocated is a calorie restricted diet but with at least 60g protein every day, which can be taken from lean meats, oily fish, eggs, lentils and pulses.