Nadal has won the most Grand Slam titles in tennis history, with a total of 21 titles. He clinched his latest at the Australian Open at the end of January where he beat world No 1 Daniil Medvedev in pulsating fashion. He is slightly ahead of fellow legends Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic in the battle to win the most Slams, with the duo both stuck on 20 titles. And his prowess in the French Open in the past has made him the clear favourite to take home his 22nd title - which would make him the greatest player of all-time ahead of Federer and Djokovic, according to Kyrgios. “If he [Nadal] wins the French [Open] he is unquestionably the GOAT [Greatest of All Time],” said Kyrgios. “If he gets to 22 and the others are on 20 he has the GOAT crown." Nadal edged ahead of Federer by beating Medvedev at the Rod Laver Arena, coming from two sets down to win in Melbourne. “Before the match I was asked who’s going to win, and I said match-up wise I thought it was a horrible match-up for Rafa," Kyrgios continued. "The court’s not playing the way Rafa wants it to play and he wasn’t going to get enough free points on serve, Medvedev can still serve through the court. “When he won the first set and the second I thought it was very tough for Rafa to come back. At 3-2 and 0-40 I turned off and then I turned on like two-and-a-half hours later and my initial thoughts were no way has this guy clawed this back. "I refreshed it and thought this has got to be wrong.”  Federer has not played in a major since competing at Wimbledon last summer, missing the US Open and Australian Open since. His last win came in the 2018 Australian Open, over four years ago. Injuries and age have seen the Swiss fall off and the Spaniard race ahead in the bid to be named the greatest player ever. "Roger [Federer] is done for me in the GOAT [Greatest Of All Time] talks guys, he is done,” Kyrgios told the No Boundaries Podcast. “He’s got a losing record against both of them [Nadal and Djokovic], a really bad record. I don't even think Roger beats some of the other guys on the grass." 