Royal author Duncan Larcombe claimed eight-year-old George could move to a school outside of London in a bid to make life as "normal as possible" for him. Mr Larcombe's comments come amid reports the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been looking at schools in Berkshire. The royal expert told OK! magazine: "I think it's a good statement of intention from William and Kate because Kate obviously grew up there and William went to school there. "They live in London because they kind of have to but they're country people at heart. "This is a natural move for two very caring parents to follow the Middleton framework. "Berkshire is also closer to the grandparents on both sides so maybe their intention is almost to let George forget about his huge destiny, go off to a school in the Home Counties and try and make it as normal as possible." Kate grew up in Berkshire and her parents Michael and Carole Middleton currently live in Bucklebury. Meanwhile, the Queen has mainly been based at Windsor Castle since the Covid pandemic. Other royals in the area are Prince Edward and Sophie at Bagshot Park. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry hailed as 'world leaders'  Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson live at Royal Lodge in Windsor Great Park Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank are staying at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's former Windsor home Frogmore Cottage. Prince Charles and Princess Anne also both have residences up the M4 in Gloucestershire. DON'T MISSKate shows off her 'broody' side during a visit in Wales [VIDEO]Inside Kate Middleton and Prince William’s first home in Wales [ANALYSIS]Queen drives to meet Kate and Beatrice at Frogmore House - inside home [INSIGHT] William and Kate's eldest son currently attends Thomas's Battersea in London, along with six-year-old Princess Charlotte. Meanwhile, three-year-old Prince Louis goes to Wilcocks Nursery. But speculation has been high over whether George, who is third in line to the throne behind his father and grandfather, will move schools soon. William was eight when he became a boarder at Ludgrove School in Berkshire. There have also been reports that the Cambridges could move to Berkshire. The family currently split their time between Kensington Palace in the capital and their Norfolk home Anmer Hall. 