Lewis Hamilton is 'looking forward' to getting out of Saudi Arabia amid a disastrous weekend ahead of Sunday's Grand Prix. The seven-time world champion suffered a nightmare qualifying session less than 24 hours after a missle attack struck an oil refinery just six miles away from the Jeddah Corniche Circuit. Yemeni Houthi rebels claimed they targeted an Aramco facility across the city during Friday's first free practice session, delaying the second session by 15 minutes. Drivers pointed out that they could smell burning from their cars whilst on the track as the Jeddah skyline was engulfed by black smoke from the fiery building. Hamilton, a regular campaigner for human rights worldwide, has been highly critical of the state in the past and was said to be one of the drivers arguing against driving this weekend during a tense meeting with race officials on Friday night. But racing sensationally went ahead on Saturday after four-hour-long discussions with F1 bosses, team chiefs and drivers. However, Hamilton endured a disastrous day as he crumbled in qualifying. JUST IN: F1 had plan to build unprecedented track: 'I'm trying' Hamilton could only go 16th fastest in Q1, resulting in his first elimination at that stage since Brazil 2017 to pile on the misery in a difficult start to 2022 for reigning Constructors' Champions Mercedes. Silver Arrows team-mate George Russell qualified in P6, and after his appalling outing, Hamilton's summary was concise: "I'm looking forward to finally leaving," Sport BILD have reported him saying. After Mick Schumacher's massive crash on Turn 12 during Q2, Haas will only run one car in Sunday's Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. The young German's absence means Hamilton will start in 15th on the grid, rather than 16th. However, the Brit has hinted he could opt for a pit-lane start to try and solve his car's outstanding issues. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton fumed at Jacques Villeneuve: 'Don't listen to him' "It's not going to be one of the hardest races ever; it's just going to be a so-so race," Hamilton explained. "It's probably not going to be that great. Maybe I'll start from the pit lane and change the car again to make sure it doesn't handle the way it just did. "For sure, there is something wrong. I don't know what it is, so I can't comment on it really. I had no rear end. I don't know what George [Russell] did set up-wise. The car was feeling good in P3 and I made a couple of adjustments but I had no rear end. The rear was just so loose."