Manchester United fans will be hoping that the summer will see their club kickstart their revival. The Red Devils are no longer the title contenders they once were and will need serious investment to develop into title contenders again. Ralf Rangnick has tried to steady the ship at Old Trafford since Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was sacked earlier this season, but to no avail. The German has seen United churn out some great results, but his tactics and training routines have raised questions – especially within the squad. Reports have circulated on several occasions of unhappiness in the dressing room, with team divides, negative nicknaming of staff and the questioning of captaining just scratching the surface of those reports. Whoever is appointed in the summer has an almighty task on their hands, and the mentality of the team will need to drastically change. READ MORE: Shakhtar Donetsk chief directs anger at Russian players after youth coach killed by shell Speaking in 2017, France manager Didier Deschamps spoke of Dembele being late to training: "Ousmane has been with us for a while. That's his usual trick to be late, but in his defence, I'm sure he'll say: 'I'm not the only one.' "Whether at a big club like Barcelona, in the French national team or elsewhere, he has to pay attention to that. It's part of the life and requirements of a professional footballer. "He must improve to prevent it from becoming negative. These are situations that can be repeated. The sooner he understands that, the better for everyone." This was early in Dembele’s Barcelona career and it appears that the versatile forward still hasn’t taken on the advice of his international coach. Even if he is available for free, the risk in signing the attacker seems too great for United.  Thus, potentially adding winger Ousmane Dembele into the mix could be adding fuel to the fire rather than being a smart acquisition. The Barcelona forward is out of contract at the end of the season and, despite the best efforts of manager Xavi, looks destined to leave the Camp Nou. According to Spanish news outlet Sport, United are the only club left in the race for Dembele as Chelsea and Juventus have withdrawn their interest. The France international’s time in the La Liga has been full of controversy, with injuries blighting his opportunities as well as his attitude. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'make decision' on Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial's futuresSix relegation-threatened stars Man Utd can add to cut-price summer transfer shortlistMan Utd 'could offload 11 players' in mass exodus with three managers under consideration Since making a £135million move from Borussia Dortmund to Barca in 2017, the 24-year-old has been regularly criticised for his timing issues and for not having the correct mentality to cut it at the very top level. Stories circulated of the former Rennes star staying up into the early hours of the night playing video games before important matchdays, arriving to training late regularly as well as failing to turn up to certain squad events and fitness tests. For Xavi to be so publicly keen on the winger shows that Dembele has retained the potential that made him one of the most exciting young talents in world football five years ago. But in a dressing room full of players already on tenterhooks, the club must be focused on signing committed individuals that are willing to give their all for the new manager – set to arrive in the summer. Speaking in 2017, France manager Didier Deschamps spoke of Dembele being late to training: "Ousmane has been with us for a while. That's his usual trick to be late, but in his defence, I'm sure he'll say: 'I'm not the only one.' "Whether at a big club like Barcelona, in the French national team or elsewhere, he has to pay attention to that. It's part of the life and requirements of a professional footballer. "He must improve to prevent it from becoming negative. These are situations that can be repeated. The sooner he understands that, the better for everyone." This was early in Dembele’s Barcelona career and it appears that the versatile forward still hasn’t taken on the advice of his international coach. Even if he is available for free, the risk in signing the attacker seems too great for United.