The comments were made by Linda Li, a member of the Democratic National Convention and also a former delegate for Joe Biden. Ms Li vented her fury at Brussels in the wake of allegations that the Russians had deported thousands of Mariupol residents to camps in remote areas of Russia. Europe's dependency on Russian fossil fuels is a well known fact and a source of tension between Washington and Europe's capitals. Ms Li wrote: "EU has spent $16 BILLION on Russian oil since the war. "The blasted truth is that our allies are funding Putin’s genocide." She added: "Putin is trying to out-Hitler Hitler & our gas-guzzling friends continue to enable him. "Addiction to Russian oil is funding genocide. This is the truth that must be broadcasted. "Even our own leaders are scared to emphasise this point too stridently for fear of offending Europe." Europe is giving the Putin regime $285 million a day to meet its dependence on imported oil, new data shows. The data was analysed by Transport & Environment (T&E), Europe's leading clean transport campaign group. The campaigners have called on Europe to join a global embargo of Russian oil to stop funding the Kremlin's war machine. Their analysis estimates that Russia received $104 billion from oil exports to Europe and the UK last year, dwarfing its gas revenues ($43.4 billion). William Todts, executive director of T&E, said: “Europe is sending over a quarter of a billion to Putin every day, even as he wages war in its own backyard. "This has to end. But we should not simply swap Russian oil for Saudi oil. READ MORE: Ex-CIA chief explains why six Russian generals have been killed "It’s time to greatly improve transport efficiency and turbocharge the electrification of transport to drive down our oil consumption.” He continued: “The EU must rewrite its energy security strategy to include oil. "Gas is understandably a worry, but it is oil that is funding Putin’s war. "Relying on it leaves Europeans dangerously exposed to rising prices in an increasingly uncertain world. Any energy security strategy that ignores oil isn’t worth the paper it is written on.” One of Russia's biggest energy customers within Europe is Germany. DON'T MISS Ukraine crisis: Four ways you can help Ukraine today [ANALYSIS]Fearless Ukrainians force Russian military to retreat - VIDEO [REVEAL]WW3 is INEVITABLE if Russia wins battle for Ukraine, warns Zelensky [SPOTLIGHT] Berlin receives 55 percent of the its natural gas, 52 percent of its coal and 34 percent of its mineral oil from Russia. Last week, Germany's energy minister warned Berlin would risk economic catastrophe if it introduced an immediate boycott of Russian energy supplies. Robert Habeck told ARD: "If we flip a switch immediately, there will be supply shortages, even supply stops in Germany." He predicted “mass unemployment, poverty, people who can’t heat their homes, people who run out of petrol” if his country stopped using Russian oil and gas.