The UK Government announced the new Homes for Ukraine scheme would allow refugees fleeing their home country to be paired with sponsors in Britain and given a home for up to six months. Announcing the new plans, the Government said: "We are asking people in the UK to offer accommodation for at least 6 months – we know this is a significant ask. "Alongside the generous offer of accommodation sponsors will be making, we are providing a substantial level of funding to local authorities to enable them to provide much wider support to families to rebuild their lives and fully integrate into our communities." Sponsors are committed to hosting guests for a minimum of six months, in "anything from an empty room to an unoccupied home, as long as it’s safe, heated and free from health hazards, and gives your guests adequate access to bathroom and kitchen facilities", and are paid £350 per month for their generosity. They do not need to provide food or other financial support, though cannot charge their guests rent for the duration of the scheme. However, once the scheme ends, what happens next?  You may choose to continue beyond the initial six months if both you and your guest would like. You will continue to receive payments for as long as you sponsor somebody, for up to 12 months. So if you continue your support, your £350 per month payments will continue, as do the terms of the sponsorship contract. But if you don’t want to continue the arrangement beyond six months, the Government says: "Sponsors should aim to give notice two months before the end of the 6 months (or with 2 months’ notice before any later date). "Guests will have access to public funds and, after leaving your home, will be able to rent a property like anyone else. If they need to, they’ll be able to claim the housing part of Universal Credit or Housing Benefit." The UK Government has useful information on renting a property which is available in the How to Rent Guide. The Government say: "If for any reason you need to end the sponsorship arrangement early, you should inform your local council as soon as possible. "Your local council will then step in to help guests to find alternative accommodation." 