The Chancellor's mini-budget served as a point of anger for many due to its relatively few provisions for low-income Britons. The limited intervention will leave people tackling rising costs prompted by inflation and an energy crisis, while a National Insurance rise picks apart their remaining income. Recent months have seen blame for the new pressure shifted through the economy, but one expert has shed light on where it lies and how ministers could correct their course. Over the last few weeks, politicians have sought to find and remedy the true cause of the rising cost of living. Their wide-ranging theories have touched on several potential causes, ranging from the war in Ukraine to economic mismanagement and skyrocketing fuel prices. In reality, all of these are to blame, in some way, according to Steve Malkin, CEO and Founder of Planet Mark, a UK-based sustainability group. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said his concern lay in the "swelling ranks of people" blaming net-zero commitments. READ MORE: UK pensioners face toughest 12 months EVER Mr Malkin explained: "Today’s energy crisis and cost of living squeeze is a product of 30 years of failures by successive governments, of all parties, to take climate action and build a resilient economy and communities, eradicating food and fuel poverty along the way. "Reducing our dependence on gas would have mitigated this crisis. Properly insulating homes, offices, schools and public buildings, making them cheaper to run, would have avoided the worst effects of the gas price hike. "Building an economy fit with skills and jobs for the rapidly expanding sustainability sector would have levelled-up hard-pressed communities across Britain." Mr Malkin said there are solutions available for the Government and those struggling. He built on the Chancellor's announcement on Wednesday and urged the Government to champion alternative fuel sources. He said: "It’s not too late to learn from the mistakes of the past and to still have conviction about both the climate and improving people’s living standards. "We must invest in our electricity generation infrastructure with a focus on low carbon baseloads such as nuclear and clean renewables, as well as a distribution network fit for a future where electric vehicles and heat pump technology are commonplace." "Our focus must shift from championing large scale national generation projects, which have lengthy timelines leading to growing reliance on imports to fill the demand gap, and instead deliver smaller scale and more localised generation. These projects would also create local jobs." The way to do this, Mr Malkin said, is by first focussing on those "hardest hit by today’s prices" with short term support. Then, he called on the Government to "get on with a major restructuring of our energy mix and consumption culture" while resisting "another binary debate that risks making the cost of living crisis even worse in the long run". Mr Malkin's suggestions build on a direction the Government is currently trying to take the UK. In his Wednesday budget, Mr Sunak announced that the Government would axe all VAT on energy efficiency measures such as solar panels. The policy would allow people to save on their energy bills by installing alternative production methods for less. But it provided results likely far from Mr Malkin's hopes, given it still leaves some people vulnerable to tax. Experts have warned people could still end up stung by a significant 20 percent VAT, as those installing energy-saving tools also require other heating measures. New radiator valves, for example, a singular part of the central heating system, would qualify for the VAT reduction. However, plumbers would also need to install other components for the whole system before it can operate. Those combined produce a higher VAT rate confirmed by the Treasury, which said the amount charged would vary on a case-by-case basis.