The Royal Family have birthdays spread all across the year, but three royal women, in particular, are born around the same time. Princess Anne was born on August 15, 1950, making her a Leo. In 1988, 34 years later, her niece Princess Beatrice was born on August 8.  Some years before this, however, in 1981, Meghan Markle was born on August 4. All three royal women are therefore Leo’s as they were born in August. On March 20 the spring equinox occurred, which means the days are getting longer and brighter. READ MORE: Prince William 'riddled with anxiety gestures' during royal tour  To celebrate the change of seasons, OnBuy Greenhouses have begun researching astrology, investigating what best represents members of the Royal Family according to their star sign. OnBuy Greenhouses told Express.co.uk: “Princess Anne, Princess Beatrice and Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex are all Leo’s. “They are characteristic of passion, loyalty, vibrancy and an honest energetic aura. “All born in August, all three royals’ birth flower is the Sunflower.  “Specifically, the Helianthus Debilis Sunflower would be the most fitting. “Standing up to three metres tall, this flower is bright, captivating and can grow even in poor soil conditions. “This highlights how these royals try and make every ‘bad’ situation into a positive one.” People can tell a lot about someone else from their star sign and the day and time they were born.  Their birth chart reveals not only their star sign but where every planet was at the time of their birth. Being able to read a birth chart is the key to understanding someone on a deeper level. A Sun sign determines ego, identity and role in life, and it’s also known as a star sign. People with a Leo Sun love the spotlight so perhaps Meghan was almost destined to be famous, or at least to have a desire to climb the social ladder. The Duchess was born just after the eclipse on July 31, 1981, giving her powerful energy.  Her Leo Sun is in the first house, making her fiery, direct, and into drama– all perfect traits for an actress. Similarly, Princess Beatrice’s Sun sign is Leo, making her a natural leader who is proud, self-confident, ambitious and generous. Her charisma is enough to plunge her into the spotlight, even if she was not a member of the Royal Family. Princess Beatrice is always at all social events she is invited to, usually wearing a statement outfit that is down to her Leo Sun. 