Robbie Williams, 48, is currently holding auditions to find the perfect person to play himself in planned biopic, Better Man. The singer has reportedly become "worried" that he has made the film a big deal when it could not go through. Michael Gracey will direct the latest film, with auditions being held now. An insider told The Mirror: "Michael and Robbie held top-secret auditions to find a star to play the young Robbie recently. "They didn’t meet anyone they were confident could pull it off. "Robbie is stunned at how difficult the project has been to get made. READ MORE: Lily Allen goes braless in completely sheer white dress at GEM Awards "And now he’s starting to worry it’s never going to make it to the big screen and he’ll look foolish for hyping it up." However, the upcoming movie has not been put on hold, with Robbie set to jet to Australia to film the concert for the film very soon. The project will follow the singer on his rise to fame and the demons he battled both on and off the stage. Insiders believe it could help Robbie big in America, after struggling to make it big, despite success in Europe when he first went solo. A source previously told The Mirror: "Early indications are that it may really cut through to US audiences, not least as the people in place on it have such pedigree. "Movie chiefs think the script – essentially a stirring story about an underdog catapulted to fame – will really resonate with people, even those in America who may not know much about Robbie himself." It was announced in December that producers would begin filming in Melbourne in early 2022. Director Gracey said in a statement: "To tell Robbie Williams' beautiful, distinct story, back home, in my own city, is a dream come true. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan left Prince Charles and Camilla ‘completely horrified’ [INSIGHT] Karren Brady slams Prince Harry for his 'royal wokeness' [OPINION] Piers Morgan's 'lucrative' GMB exit explained by co-star Rob Rinder [COMMENT] "There is a creative energy that burns across the Melbourne film industry, and I know this movie will thrive here. Robbie found fame as a teenager as a member of Take That and found wider success when he went solo in 1996. His hits include Angels, Candy, Rock DJ, Freedom, and Let Me Entertain You, to name a few. He has received a record 18 Brit Awards, eight German ECHO Awards and three MTV European Music Awards. After a 15-year break from Take That, Robbie rejoined in 2010 to co-write and perform vocals on the album Progress. This album became the second fastest selling album in UK chart history and the fastest-selling record of all time. Robbie started dating his partner Ayda Field in 2006, with the pair getting married in 2010. They have four children together named Theodora, Colette, Charlton and Beau.