Will Smith took Chris Rock's "GI Jane" joke about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith to be a mockery of her alopecia, and walked up on stage to slap the comic across the face at the Oscars. Will has since begged for forgiveness and branded himself a "work in progress", while August Alsina, who had an extramarital "entanglement" with Jada, has urged his followers to "choose peace". Yet on August's Instagram account, he has weighed in with what may have been a commentary on Will's behaviour. In a long and poetic sentence, he urged fans: "Choose peace; trusting that life’s intricate puzzle pieces are all forming together for the greater good and mastering of the seasonally sometime chaotic nature of your life’s art piece, being formed and painted by birthing life to your internal masterpiece formed & grown through external chaos-metamorphosing alchemy, turned 2 light & beauty within, then turned Master P (i) E^CE shown without, of your life’s own whimsical & colorful art-piece, being co created and displayed through living while & after being broken to peace’s/pieces." Will and Jada have been married for almost 25 years, with their first child arriving in 1998. However they have also discussed their "open" marriage, and in recent years Jada dated August while separated from Will. READ NOW: Tony Rock insists Chris Rock and Will Smith not made up yet In 2016, the then 45-year-old hooked up with August, who - at just 20 - was less than half her age at the time. Unusually, he claimed that he'd sat down for a heart to heart with his lover's husband at that time and received his full "blessing" to proceed. During a 2020 interview with Angela Yee, he recalled how he'd "had a conversation due to [Will and Jada's] transformation from their marriage to life partnership" and had decided on the basis of that to "devote" himself to the relationship. "I gave my full self to it - so much so to the point that I can die right now and be okay with knowing that I truly gave myself to somebody," he declared. Initially, Jada's reps stepped in to categorically deny his claims, insisting they were "absolutely not true". However in 2020, during an episode of Red Table Talk, Will and Jada sat down together to address the claims in view of the world. This time, Jada confessed to having had what she described as an "entanglement" with the much younger man - but she insisted that her husband had been on a break from the marriage when it happened. Will confirmed: "We decided that we were going to separate for a period of time and you go figure out how to make yourself happy and I’ll figure out how to make myself happy." DON'T MISS... Laila Rouass sets pulses racing with topless pic after Ronnie split [PHOTOS] Janette Manrara breaks silence on husband Aljaz's Strictly farewell [UPDATE] Will Smith issues apology to Chris Rock following behaviour at Oscars [LATEST] Jada added: "From there, as time went on, I got into a different kind of entanglement with August. "Yes, it was a relationship, absolutely." However she dismissed the suggestion that Will had given his blessing to the pairing, stating that "the only person that can give permission in that circumstance is myself”. Will later revealed that Jada had "never believed in conventional marriage". Stating that marriage "can't be a prison", he confessed to GQ that although monogamy had taken place over a "large part of our relationship", it was not the case for their entire marriage. There has been speculation that Will experienced insecurity over his wife's wandering eye, and reports have surfaced of him jokingly warning journalists off after they complimented her. After he wrote in his book about his regret that he could not protect his mother from his father's domestic abuse, there have also been suggestions that this is where his haste to protect Jada stemmed from.