Liverpool, Manchester City and Chelsea will soon discover their Champions League quarter-final fate after battling through to the last eight. Manchester United's home defeat to Atletico Madrid split up the Premier League quartet which could have made it a full-house, but plenty of mouthwatering ties remain in prospect as Europe's elite competition takes shape. City and Liverpool took care of business last week to cement their spots in the quarter-finals. Pep Guardiola's side played out a goalless bore draw with Sporting Lisbon after dominating the away leg 5-0, and the Reds survived an almighty scare against Inter Milan to clinch the tie 2-1 on aggregate. On Wednesday night, goals from Cesar Azpilicueta and Christian Pulisic were enough to see Chelsea send Lille packing as they vie to defend their Champions League crown. United, meanwhile, will turn their attention back towards the Premier League after being knocked out by Atletico. Elsewhere in the competition, Bayern Munich battered RB Salzburg 7-1, Benfica pulled off an impressive win over Ajax, Villarreal thrashed Juventus on Italian turf and Real Madrid produced an unlikely comeback against PSG to advance to the next stage. JUST IN: Man Utd may ignore club legends over new manager appointment as 'favourite' becomes clear This season has seen a change in knockout fixture format, with the away goals rule no longer in force. A level match after 90 minutes and extra-time will result in a penalty shootout. Quarter-final first-leg ties are due to be played on April 5 and April 6, with the return legs scheduled for the following week. Express Sport brings you all the Champions League quarter-final draw details below. DON'T MISSLiverpool's Mohamed Salah issue labelled 'really serious' after 'negative meeting'Man Utd may ignore club legends over next manager appointmentArsenal boss Mikel Arteta snaps at Premier League decision that could ruin top-four bid The Champions League quarter-final draw will take place at 11am (GMT) on Friday March 18. It will be carried out at the House of European Football in Nyon, Switzerland. The balls will be drawn live on BT Sport 2 with coverage starting at 10:45am. Alternative coverage will be available on the UEFA website. As well as deciding which teams will face off in the final eight, the path to the semi-finals will also be determined in the same sitting, making it the final draw of this season's competition. From the quarter-finals onwards it is an open draw, so teams from the same country could face one another. There are no seeds, so the venue for the first leg first will depend on which order the balls are drawn. The Champions League final is scheduled to take place on May 28, having been moved from Saint Petersburg to Paris. Last year's showdown in Porto was won by Chelsea, who pipped Man City 1-0 in a tense battle for Europe's top prize.