Pancakes always divide people; some prefer lacey French crepes while others absolutely must have a stack of thick, fluffy American pancakes. While crepes are great for Pancake Day, or as a savoury snack, American pancakes are the perfect breakfast for a lazy Sunday morning this spring. Jamie Oliver has a quick and easy recipe that see you whipping up a stack in no time. Jamie’s recipe for “pancakes USA stylie” serves four and cooks in 20 minutes. There are only four ingredients - unless you add toppings - and most people will have these in their kitchen cupboards. The chef has given the recipe a difficulty rating of “super easy”. “Pile up these American pancakes with fruit, a dollop of crème fraîche, bacon, syrup… all sorts,” he commented. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss diet recipe: Keto creamy pappardelle Three large free-range eggs 115g plain flour One heaped teaspoon of baking powder 140ml milk DON'T MISS...How Kate and William display ‘sign of unity and togetherness’ [STYLIST]Fitness coach on how to burn fat with no diet or gym workouts [EXPERT]London house prices overvalued by 50% - homeowners warned [NEWS] 1. Separate the eggs, putting the whites into one bowl and the yolks into another. 2. Add the flour, baking powder and milk to the yolks and mix until a smooth thick batter appears. 3. Next, whisk the whites with one pinch of sea salt until they form stiff peaks, then fold the egg whites into the batter. 4. Heat a non-stick pan over medium heat, pour some of the batter into the pan and cook for a couple of minutes, or until it starts to look golden and firm. 5. At this point sprinkle your chosen flavouring (see below) onto the uncooked side before loosening with a spatula and flipping the pancake over. You’ll know your pancake is ready to be flipped when you see small air bubbles forming and not disappearing. Continue frying until both sides are golden. 6. You can make these pancakes large or small, depending on what you prefer. Serve them with a drizzle of maple syrup, or even with some butter or crème fraîche. Jamie also offered some flavouring suggestions: “Try one of these... fresh corn from the cob, crispy bacon or pancetta, blueberries, banana, stewed apple, grated chocolate – anything else you can imagine.” And if you were looking to take the traditional pancake batter up a gear, Jamie suggested corn pancakes. “You must try the corn pancakes,” he remarked. “On one condition – you must use fresh corn. “To do this, remove the outer leaves and carefully run a knife down the cob – this will loosen all the lovely pieces of corn – and sprinkle these raw over your pancake, before flipping it in the pan. “I like to have some grilled bacon over my corn pancakes, drizzled with a little maple syrup. “This sounds bloody horrid but it honestly tastes great!” Jamie's Oliver recipe is available on his website here.