George Russell has offered hope for Mercedes and Lewis Hamilton after their below-par performance compared to Ferrari and Red Bull's during pre-season testing this week as he backed the team to get to the bottom of their issues. Russell went fourth fastest on the final testing day before next weekend's 2022 curtain-raiser at the Bahrain International Circuit. Despite using the same C5 tyre as Max Verstappen, the Dutch world champion's best lap was over a whole second quicker than Russell's. The 24-year-old was also bettered by Haas' Michael Schumacher, Ferrari's Charles Leclerc and Alpine's Fernando Alonso. All three were on the softer C4 tyre, which indicates a few tenths advantage over the Silver Arrows. However, Russell has poured cold water on claims that Ferrari and Red Bull's performance was levels above Mercedes' ahead of Hamilton's bid to reclaim his world title. JUST IN: Mercedes 'mistake' blamed for Lewis Hamilton heartbreak The 24-year-old told reporters: "I don't think they [Ferrari and Red] are exceptional. I think we're probably not as competitive as we would like, to be honest. "I think the Ferrari and the Red Bull are in a sort of natural position. Their delta from the front to the midfield, and to the back, is probably correct. We're just a little bit further behind them than we'd like." Russell's comments will undoubtedly give Hamilton hope that an eighth world title could be on the cards this season, despite Mercedes' woes in Bahrain this week. READ MORE: George Russell agrees with Lewis Hamilton as Mercedes duo snap back Despite Toto Wolff's team's eye-catching sidepod developments in Bahrain, Russell has admitted the W13's fundamentals are the same as Barcelona testing. He hesitantly revealed Mercedes faced similar issues in Bahrain than at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya two weeks ago. And Russell insisted that the Silver Arrows have plenty of work to do if they're to challenge Ferrari and Red Bull at the front of the grid this year - but he reckons the potential is there. He continued: "From the outside, it [the W13] looks drastically different. But looks aren't everything is what many people say! "It's still the same fundamental car underneath the skin, and it still has the same fundamental issues that we faced in Barcelona. "I think we probably optimised the performance a bit more in Barcelona than we did in Bahrain. But nevertheless, we're struggling to find how to unlock a bit more. "As it stands, Red Bull are looking incredibly strong, and Ferrari are looking really solid, and we have some work to do. "I believe the guys are going to get to the bottom of it. I think there is potential there, but we just need to figure a way to unlock that performance."