Mr Fukuyama, a senior fellow at Stanford's Freeman Spogli Institute, admitted an outright Ukrainian victory may not be the most likely outcome, but that they are doing "a lot better" than many people have assumed. This comes as the Russian advance into Ukraine makes progress in the east of the country but fails to advance elsewhere, according to the New York Times.  Speaking on the programme Mr Fukuyama said: "I don't think there's going to be an early peace settlement. "I think people do not recognise though that Ukrainians are doing a lot better militarily on the ground than a lot of people think. "I do think there's a possibility that they could defeat the Russians outright, they could force a Russian withdrawal. "It's not, you know, I think the most probable scenario, but the Russians are doing extremely badly.  "They're outrunning their supply lines, they're getting surrounded. "The Ukrainians even at this late point are able to mount offensives to push the Russians back." Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has urged for more diplomatic talks "in any format", however, Al Jazeera reports there has been no "significant progress" towards ending the war.  READ MORE: Price of chicken to sky-rocket after Putin's war in Ukraine So far 10 million Ukrainians have been displaced, with almost 3.5 million fleeing the country altogether and 6.5 million displaced internally. Reuters estimates the current total loss of life is at least 19,000 and around $119billion worth of damage has been caused to property. Both sides have their own demands that would have to be met before peace could be agreed. DON'T MISS:Musk's Starlink being used by Ukrainian drones to destroy Russian tank [REVEAL]Putin's forces 'retreating’, suffered 'irreversible losses' after Kyiv [INSIGHT]Macron rubbing hands with glee as France set to win with UK's nuclear [SPOTLIGHT]  Vladimir Putin had expressed his goal to "demilitarise and de-Nazify Ukraine", despite no evidence of Nazism in the country. However, the BBC has reported that Putin's aim may have shifted from overthrowing the Government in Kyiv to neutralising them. Ukraine has demanded a ceasefire and the removal of Russian troops from their territory, as well as a legal guarantee that protects them from future invasion. 