Lewis Hamilton and reigning world champion Max Verstappen have been warned of big improvements from their rivals due to the regulation changes. Verstappen pipped Hamilton to his eighth world championship last season as the Dutchman clinched his maiden title on the final lap of the final race in Abu Dhabi. The two rivals are favourites to thrash it out again for this season's championship. Verstappen and Hamilton finished way ahead of third-placed Valtteri Bottas in the driver standings in 2021. However, former world champion Damon Hill is hoping for a closer battle for top spot this year. Hill says the regulation changes should create more competition between drivers after overcoming the problem of losing too much downforce, which was evident last year. Hill told Sky Sports: "The difference is the goal for these cars is that they are able to get closer to each other in fast corners, therefore they can race each other.  "Because the problem with the previous cars was that the turbulence gave the guy behind too many problems and he lost a lot of downforce. "So the argument was that the racing could have been closer. "So we hope that has been fixed with these regulations." Ferrari have been tipped by many to have a strong 2021 season and cause problems to Mercedes and Red Bull.  However, despite a promising few days in testing last week, the Ferrari team principal Mattia Binotto is wary of some teams holding back on their speed. "I think it's too early to judge performance," Binotto told Sky Italy. "Some teams are hiding more speed than others. We have to look at the testing in Bahrain and the first races. "At the beginning of the season, we will try to unleash the full potential of the car and make the first update. The changes we will make will be small things, not serious things.  "So at the start of the season we will mostly focus on unleashing the full potential of the current car. "What surprised me was that although the cars were so different from each other, they were very close in terms of performance. "After all, when you see different concepts, you expect it to have an impact on track performance. "But at some point the cars will converge in performance, even if they are very different in concept." 