Trump’s controversial daughter and former White House senior adviser has personally donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to purchase about 158,000 pounds of food which will be shipped to Europe. On Friday, Ivanka Trump returned to social media after a two-month absence to thank everyone who was involved in the meal-delivery effort.  She also told Fox News: “The Ukrainian people have shown inspiring courage and resilience during the invasion of their country by Russia. “With this food, I hope to provide a small source of comfort and nourishment for Ukrainians who are suffering so greatly.” She wrote on Instagram: “Over the last few days, we have delivered 1 Million meals to Ukrainians in Kyiv, Lviv, and Sumy. “Thank you to the Pastors, Rabbis and truck drivers who are risking their lives to bring this food to those in need.  “With these meals, we hope to provide a small source of comfort and nourishment for Ukrainians who are suffering so unjustly from Russia's invasion of their country. “To the people of Ukraine - you are in our hearts, you are in our prayers, and your courage in the face of violence and hardship is an inspiration. “God bless you in your heroic fight to defend your country and your freedom.” However, her latest act gathered a mixed response on social media. While some laid praise on Ms Trump for lending a helping hand to Ukrainians, others criticised her for the past. READ MORE:Putin in trouble as he is warned: 'Russia can't win in Ukraine' A Twitter user Isaac_Nieves tweeted: “God bless you and our President Trump! Always praying for you and your family. Let's make America Great again before we lose it.” Praising her, another user Nicko Jones tweeted: “Thank you Ivanka, you are always putting others first! “This country needs more of you! May God bless you.” However, other social media users weren’t so kind, with one Twitter user, DemPisces, tweeting: “Supposedly Ivanka is trying to fix her sins. DON'T MISS:Prince William vows to ‘respect decisions’ about independence Former NATO Commander ‘stunned’ at Russia’s ‘tactical incompetence'Royal Family LIVE: Fresh wound' of Meghan claim sparks backlash “I mean 1mil meals can’t fix that. Her dad is the reason why Ukraine is a war sight…. But at least she is trying to give back some of the blood money right???” Another user CocoBonita said: “I wonder if Trump hadn’t tried to extort money from Ukraine and handed it to Russia, if this war would even be going on.” The day before Russian missiles began bombing Ukraine cities, Donald Trump controversially expressed admiration for Putin’s justification for invading. Trump said in the interview, per Politico: “I went in yesterday and there was a television screen, and I said, ‘This is genius.’ Putin declares a big portion of the Ukraine — of Ukraine — Putin declares it as independent. Oh, that’s wonderful. “He used the word ‘independent’ and ‘we’re gonna go out and we’re gonna go in and we’re gonna help keep peace.’ You gotta say that’s pretty savvy.” The day of the invasion, Trump released a statement, stating, “If I were in Office, this deadly Ukraine situation would never have happened!” 