Alpine driver Fernando Alonso said drivers are yet to get to grips with the new 2022 cars, insisting not even one competitor enjoys the new machinery just one week before the season-opener in Bahrain. Alonso returned to Formula 1 in 2021 and heavily suggested he had returned to experience the new era of regulations. The Spaniard had struggled for a long time in the sport due to the poor competitiveness of his McLaren car. A two-time world champion, the second of Alonso’s championship victories came in 2006 when the team was called Renault and he was just 25 years of age. With the regulations now in place, Alonso perhaps hoped to see more of an impact and suggested Alpine lagged behind their rivals. However, while other teams may have looked quicker, Alonso insisted not one driver on the grid enjoys driving the new cars. JUST IN: F1 drivers unite with anti-war message – but Lewis Hamilton misses out “I like the new car, but it’s hard to comment because none of us really like these cars,” Alonso said when asked about his thoughts on the new generation of cars. “Last year, we were riding in 1 minute 17 seconds and now we have started doing 1 minute 22. “They are heavier cars, with less horsepower due to the more ecological gasoline. “In theory, all the cars are going to be more equal, all the parts are common to all, such as the front and rear wings, because there is no freedom of development and it is good for the sport that we are more even. DON'T MISSF1 threatened with legal action as Russian GP chief makes statementGeorge Russell one of 4 drivers to message Mazepin after Haas sackingGeorge Russell breaks down in tears as Netflix teases Drive to Survive “I like the 2005 one better, but that doesn't exist anymore, so you’ve got to be content with what's there.” Alonso’s public assessment of Alpine heading into the season was positive as he declared the team is ‘in a good shape’ ahead of testing in Bahrain, which has just begun. However, he expressed concerns that other teams have been smarter than Alpine in terms of finding an extra edge over the competition. Alonso will turn 41 midway through the 2022 season and his contract with the team is set to expire at the end of the campaign. “With the new regulations there are always many things to try and adjust,” Alonso added. “I think we have made progress, the truth is that other teams seemed to be more prepared, they started from the beginning, they got the super easy time, they had long runs. We start little by little. “At the end of the day I'm happy, but I think there were other teams a bit smarter than us.” The 22-race 2022 campaign, which was set to be a record 23 races before the Russian Grand Prix was cancelled, begins with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 20.