Appearing on the Beeb’s flagship programme on Thursday night, the audience member targeting the Government, spoke about her ordeal and how she has suffered due to the rising prices. The current cost of living crisis is particularly severe as it’s being driven by several different factors, meaning costs of food, petrol and energy bills are all higher across the board. Sharing her dissent, the fuming audience member said: “I can’t tell you how disappointed I am with your Government. “I really can’t express in words the mess you have made. “I sat through the pandemic and I saw money being haemorrhaged away, money that we could well do with now. “I think you are out of touch. You are dealing in millions and trillions of pounds. “You know the cost of everything and the value of nothing. We are up to there (high) in debt, wishing we were taller. “I don’t know what to say to you other than ‘all of you just go’ and this from someone that voted for you. What a disappointment you are.” On Wednesday, Chancellor Rishi Sunak set out measures aimed at combating soaring energy, food and fuel prices, in his spring statement. He cut fuel duty by 5p but resisted calls to scrap April's National Insurance rise of 1.25p in the pound. READ MORE: Prince Charles health: Swollen hands gave him ‘sausage fingers’ He warned the UK’s post-pandemic recovery had been blown off course by the war in Ukraine. Reacting to her statements, Mr Hinds said: “Paying for furlough and paying for the business has increased our debt, but because of that, people are now back in work.“Unemployment did not peak 10-12 percent, it peaked at 5 percent and right now it’s 3.9 percent and that actually, is the single most important factor.” DON'T MISS:Islington stabbing horror as teenager rushed to hospital after fightBrexit LIVE: Boris hit with major Biden trade deal snubDan Wootton lashes out at Meghan Markle amid Jamaica;s royal tour row The BBQ QT that airs every Thursday saw Damian Hinds MP, minister for Security and Borders, Conservative; Lisa Nandy MP, shadow Levelling Up Secretary, Labour; Mark Serwotka, general secretary of the Public and Commercial Services Union; Dom Joly, comedian and ambassador for Save the Children; and Kate Andrews, economics editor at the Spectator on the panel this week.