Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp may be ruing his decision to let Neco Williams leave on loan to Fulham ahead of their trip to Nottingham Forest on Sunday after it was confirmed Trent Alexander-Arnold had picked up an injury, ruling him out for 'many weeks'.  The 23-year-old has been in sensational form for the Reds this season, scoring twice and registering an unbelievable 17 assists for Jurgen Klopp's men so far this season. But Klopp, much to the dismay of Liverpool fans, announced that the star would be out of action over the coming weeks ahead of a crunch few weeks for the Liverpool-born talent. "Trent is out with a hamstring, so will be out for England too. Not good news, we will see how long it takes," Klopp said. "We will see how long it will take. To replace him is difficult but possible. "We have Milner, Gomez, these kind of things. Trent is so influential but Milner has done incredibly well in the past. We'll see how Milly [Milner] is for Sunday. Maybe a young solution?"   However, there would have already been a young solution had the club not loaned out Williams to Fulham in the winter window. The Welshman played second fiddle to Alexander-Arnold in the first half of the season, making eight appearances at Anfield before his move to the capital. And he has impressed thoroughly in his time at the Championship leaders, scoring twice and gaining two assists as the Cottagers sit just 11 points away from promotion. Having scored twice against Swansea, and producing assists against Huddersfield and Hull, Williams has shown Klopp just what he can do when given a run of first-team opportunities. Liverpool may have had an option to recall Williams but their reported desire to include an obligation to buy following the announcement of his loan likely rules that out. With an ageing Milner and offensively-limited Gomez as the two options going forward, it remains to be seen whether Liverpool will attack down the right-hand side of their side. Other absentees include Mohamed Salah, who is touch and go for the tie against Chris Wilder's men, and Kostas Tsimikas, who is recovering from COVID-19.  The Reds will aim to complete a quadruple this season as they compete on all fronts for the sought-after achievement. Klopp's men won the Carabao Cup final in February after Kepa's missed penalty at Wembley. They remain just one point behind Manchester City in the Premier League title race, with many tipping the Merseyside outfit to win the league for the second time in three years. Elsewhere, they will advance to the FA Cup semi finals if they beat Forest, and could make the same stage of the Champions League should they beat Benfica. 