Emma Raducanu has announced her latest brand partnership as she continues to reap the rewards of her shock US Open victory last year. The Briton become one of the most marketable sports stars around when, as an 18-year-old, she became the first qualifier ever to win a Grand Slam. While niggling injuries and a bout of Covid have prevented her from building upon her New York success on the court, away from the tennis world she has been cashing in on her newfound fame. The teenager became a celebrity, and so big-name brands were lining up for her signature. Before winning that tournament last September, she was already sponsored by Nike for her sportswear and Wilson for the rackets she uses. Since, she has signed with the likes of British Airways, drinking water company Evian and luxury fashion and fragrance brands Tiffany and Dior. The latest firm to join that stable is Porsche, with Raducanu announcing the deal on social media. "So happy to be part of the #PorscheFamily as an official Brand Ambassador! Ready for every moment our journey holds for us. #DreamersOn #ad," she wrote, alongside a photo of her posing in front of a white Porsche 911. JUST IN: Raducanu sent support from Serena Williams' coach after 'tough time' Further explaining why she had partnered with the German car maker, the tennis star said: "Porsche has always been in my head. It is one of the brands that I’ve loved from a young age. One of my coaches had a 911 Targa. Yeah, cool coach. Whenever I would see him I would be like dreaming of one day sitting on my own. "It's important for me to align with partners and brands that I really feel passionate about and that I identify with. And I feel like because motorsports has always been a part of me, I think this partnership with Porsche is incredible." The deal is sure to see the Briton rake in even more cash to go along with the small fortune she has already amassed. Her US Open win was worth a cool £1.8m on its own – a huge sum for an athlete whose entire career earnings before were believed to be around £215,000. DON'T MISS:Emma Raducanu picks out post-retirement challenge for Rafael NadalHarriet Dart tipped to exceed Emma Raducanu by Indian Wells championEmma Raducanu sent message from Jo Konta as ex-star gives verdict Raducanu's total career earnings, according to the official WTA website, are around £2.3m. That includes the £150,000 that her few appearances so far this season have earned the world number 13. And her endorsement deals mean that her overall net worth is thought to be around double that amount. A report from Marca in January estimated her fortune at around £4.1m and, with other deals being struck since then, that number is likely to have gone up. Those figures will seem huge right now, but if predictions from experts turn out to be true then they are likely to be dwarfed over the coming years by the huge sums Raducanu will be able to rake in. Some estimates have even predicted that the teenager might be able to join the exclusive club of billionaire athletes in the future. Explaining the logic, PR expert Mark Borkowski said last September: "This is the start of something epic. She is a billion-dollar girl, no doubt about it. She is the real deal. It's not just that she plays extraordinary tennis, it's also her background, her ethnicity, her freedom of spirit. People also love the fact that she is vulnerable, but laughs the pressures away."