The Royal Family’s official Twitter account publicly marked Prince Edward’s birthday this morning. The account, which represents the monarch and all other working royals without their own Twitter handle, wished the Queen’s youngest son a happy 58th birthday with a photo of him smiling at a recent event. The Earl of Wessex, 14th in line to the throne, is often described as the Queen’s forgotten son by royal commentators. He and his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex, carry out their royal duties while steering clear of scandal and enjoying a quiet family life. Edward is so quiet that his own mother once forgot his birthday, according to royal expert Ingrid Seward. Appearing on the 2019 Channel 5 documentary ‘Paxman on the Queen’s Children’, she recalled the Queen forgot Edward’s birthday when he was in his twenties. Ms Seward said: “At Buckingham Palace he [Edward] was lonely. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry still haven't backed up Oprah claims after one year “One year on his birthday he went to have breakfast with the Queen and nothing was said. “No card, no present. She didn’t know it was his birthday.” Ms Seward had previously touched on this in her 2005 book ‘Prince Edward: A Biography’. She described how Edward sat down for breakfast one birthday morning in the early Nineties, as she “ate her toast and marmalade and sipped her special blend of tea which she makes herself”. Ms Seward recalled how there was no mention of his birthday whatsoever. However, when a royal aide was later made aware that the monarch had forgotten, a “hasty” phone call was made. Within a few hours, Edward had a present in his hands. She continued: “'If it had been Prince Edward’s twentieth or his thirtieth, his mother would not have forgotten.” DON'T MISS:Queen and Prince Philip broke royal tradition with Prince Edward birth [REVEALED]Prince Philip's brutal assessment of Joe Pasquale laid bare [INSIGHT]Key development in Prince Andrew case: ‘Taken everyone by surprise’ [EXPERT] Edward, 15 years younger than eldest brother Prince Charles, made royal history when he was born. It was the first time in modern history that a royal father had been present at the birth of one of his children. Ms Seward told the Irish Independent: “The Queen, by then aged 37, had asked him to be there; she'd been keenly reading women's magazines that stressed the importance of involving fathers in childbirth and had become fascinated by the idea." Edward endured a turbulent start to adolescence, dropping out of his Royal Marines training after a third of the 12-month programme. He flirted with a career in entertainment and worked alongside the likes of Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice in the 1986 musical ‘Cricket’ to celebrate the Queen’s 60th birthday. His first move into television production, however, was a controversial one. He produced The Grand Knockout Tournament, otherwise known as It’s A Royal Knockout, which earned mixed reviews. Though the programme raised more than £1million for selected charities, it was criticised by sections of the media, and it was later reported that the Queen had not been in favour of it. Edward later formed Ardent Productions and was involved in a number of documentaries and dramas. However, the company was accused of invading Prince William’s privacy in 2001 when he was a student at the University of St Andrews in Scotland. A camera crew breached media guidelines regarding William’s right to privacy, with Charles widely reported to have been seething at their presence. Edward announced the following year that he would be stepping aside from Ardent to focus on his royal duties and to support his mother during her Golden Jubilee year. Both Edward and Sophie proceeded to become full-time working royals, and have worked extremely hard to become the cherished members of the Royal Family they are today. A royal source recently told Express.co.uk: “Edward has moulded into a quiet and efficient figure, who does not seek attention or acquire headlines. “He and Sophie are liked for being dutiful and uncomplaining.” The Wessexes live in Bagshot Park in Surrey with their two children, Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount of Severn.