The final seven episodes of Ozark on Netflix promise to be some of the most gripping and action-packed to date with no one’s survival guaranteed. Ruth Langmore (played by Julia Garner) is on the warpath after the death of her cousin Wyatt (Charlie Tahan) at the hand of cartel lieutenant Javi (Alfonso Herrera), while Javi himself is no stranger to being rather trigger happy with Marty (Jason Bateman) and Wendy Byrde (Laura Linney) possibly in the firing line as well as his own uncle and cartel boss Omar Navarro (Felix Solis). So with so many possible demises and bloody exits from the show inevitably on the way, Ozark fans are preparing to say goodbye to the series’ most popular characters. With the show ending after season four anyway, it’s unlikely everyone is going to get their happy ending. However, for fans who are keen to see more of the Netflix drama’s stars on-screen, they needn’t fear as many have already lined up their next exciting projects. Omar star Felix Solis has become the latest actor to do so, recently being unveiled as a main player in ABC’s proposed spin-off to Nathan Fillion crime drama, The Rookie. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Ruth and Frank Jr romance 'sealed' as star drops clue? Solis, along with CSI: Vegas stalwart Kat Foster, will make their first steps into The Rookie universe in a two-episode arc in season four, according to Deadline. The episodes are reportedly set to serve as a backdoor pilot for the spin-off. Joining Solis and Foster in The Rookie’s new sister show is lead star, Niecy Nash. Solis is yet to release a public statement about the casting but a number of fans have shared their excitement - including some familiar faces from Ozark. Sam Dermody star Kevin Johnson shared the announcement to his Instagram story with the caption: “Congratulations @felixslois and @katfoster.” On Twitter, Melissa O’Neill added: “Spoiler alert: They’re awesome. @NiecyNash @iamkatfoster @felixasolis @therookie #TheRookie.” “Congrats, #FelixSolis! #TheRookie #Casting,” added Twitter user @fourthofgoodbye. Before Solis can make his debut on The Rookie, there’s the not so small matter of his character’s fate in Ozark - and there are a number of clues to suggest what lies ahead. DON'T MISS:Ozark season 4: Frank Cosgrove Jr death in part 2 'sealed' after hint?Ozark season 4: Jonah to die at the hands of Javi after part 1 clue?Ozark season 4: Ruth Langmore killing spree 'sealed' in haunting clue After being double-crossed by a bitter Maya Miller (Jessica Frances Dukes), Omar found himself behind bars in the season four, part one finale. Maya went on a solo mission to bring him down after being blindsided by her boss’ desire to cut a deal with Omar which would see him return to the head of the cartel rather than step aside and face justice. Now, not only does Omar’s freedom look uncertain but with Javi now signing a deal with the FBI - thanks to the Byrdes’ mediation - his place in his own cartel is under threat. Javi’s newfound status as untouchable thanks to his deal with the FBI could lead to him finally taking out his uncle and keeping the top spot in the cartel unchallenged. After all, it gave him the boost he needed to finally go above Omar and the Byrdes’ heads to kill Darlene Snell (Lisa Emery). And he had no qualms killing Wyatt as collateral, seemingly aware of his newfound security thanks to the FBI deal. In fact, Marty emphasised this when he begged an inconsolable Ruth not to go after him. But will Omar make it out of the series alive before Solis’ stint on The Rookie or will he face a gruesome end to his time in the Ozarks? Ozark season 4, part 2 premieres on Netflix on April 29, 2022.