Daniel Ricciardo has revealed that F1 veterans Lewis Hamilton and Fernando Alonso have stopped him seeing the "red flag" over his failure to ever land an F1 world title. Ricciardo, 32, has driven for Toro Rosso, Red Bull, Renault and McLaren since debuting in 2011, with his best campaigns coming in 2014 and 2016 when he finished third with Christian Horner's team. However, he couldn't sustain a title challenge in 2017 or 2018, and upon his release from Red Bull, spent two years with Renault before moving to McLaren for the 2021 campaign. And despite a famous win in Monza, the eighth of the Australian's F1 career, he was out-performed by younger team-mate Lando Norris, eventually finishing eighth on 115 points. The new 2022 campaign has seen brand new technical regulations brought into the sport, designed to make racing more competitive. The notion raised expectation that Ricciardo or Norris, who has just signed a new lucrative long-term deal with the team, could propel themselves into the title picture. But the early signs haven't been good for Andreas Seidl's team. Both drivers struggled badly for pace in the season opener in Bahrain last weekend, with 'the Honey Badger' finishing outside of the points in 14th, one place ahead of his partner. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton addresses extra advantage ahead of Saudi Arabian Grand Prix Ricciardo is now 32, but despite the perception he hasn't fulfilled his early potential by becoming a world champion, he cited the examples of Hamilton and Alonso as to why he's not giving up hope of seriously challenging in the future. Speaking to racing365, he said: "I still feel that same desire and belief in myself, that I can do it, and if that feeling started to diminish, for sure, I'd be like 'red flag'. "Lewis is also a shining example that you can still perform at the highest level well into your 30s. And Alonso might be another even more extreme example. But Lewis has obviously won world titles in his mid-30s. Basically, those two factors are giving me - let's say - all the kind of confidence I need." DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton unhappy with F1 chiefs for track changes at Saudi Arabian Grand PrixGeorge Russell deflects Mercedes blame over McLaren, Williams and Aston Martin strugglesLewis Hamilton handed Max Verstappen blow as Red Bull ‘make several changes’ after Bahrain Indeed, Ricciardo further argued that his best is yet to come. "I actually heard Lewis say something recently in an interview, or it must have been last year, but it's very true – even he said he's never found the perfect lap," he added. "Going back to the age thing, maybe I haven't reached my peak yet, so that's also the thing where I'm like, 'I can still do this in my 30s'." Despite his pledge, McLaren could be in for another difficult weekend in Saudi Arabia, with Norris admitting there was no quick fix to their teething problems.