Samsung has promised to remove software found inside its popular Galaxy S smartphones that slows the performance of thousands of popular apps. The digital brakes were found to limit the performance of TikTok, Microsoft Office, Instagram, Netflix and more. Samsung isn't the first Android manufacturer to include this type of code in its devices, with OnePlus famously coding similar limitations into its handsets too. The code, dubbed Game Optimizing Service (GOS), was unearthed by Galaxy S owners, who shared the information on a number of popular Korean forums. It was subsequently picked by a number of popular gadget blogs, including Android Authority. Why didn't people notice the brakes being applied to their apps sooner? Well, GOS is smart enough to never interfere with apps that show how well a phone is performing. GeekBench, for example, which allows users to measure the speeds from the CPU and GPU, isn't affected by GOS. That means, when users measure the raw power available from their device, they'll see the highest possible score ...even if this power isn't actually made available to popular apps like Netflix, Microsoft Office, and games. It took a while for fans to discover that OnePlus – another popular Android manufacturer – was using similar limiting software on its devices, since benchmarking software was also exempt. A number of YouTube videos have sprung up to showcase how much performance is altered by Game Optimizing Service. By tricking the handset into switching off GOS, the benchmark scores of processor-intensive games can be improved by a considerable margin. For example, in one video, Wild Life Extreme saw its benchmark score rocket from 1,141 to 2,618 when GOS was removed. That's going to be very noticeable. Of course, there are legitimate reasons to include Game Optimizing Service. By throttling the performance of some games, Samsung is able to eke out more battery life and manage the heat of the smartphone. While it might be possible to boost performance, if the handset becomes too warm to comfortably hold... that extra oomph from the processor is all but useless. However, it's unclear why the software installed by Samsung is also limiting apps like Microsoft Office, Instagram and Netflix. A number of Samsung-developed apps, like Samsung Cloud and Samsung Pay, are also throttled by GOS, suggesting that this is a mistake, rather than a conspiracy. Thankfully, Samsung has confirmed plans to introduce "more control over the performance" for owners. Avid gamers who want unfettered power at the expense of battery life will be able to disable any limitations imposed by software to get the best possible output from the Samsung Exynos or Qualcomm Snapdragon chipset under the bonnet of their handset. However, for casual gamers who only load-up a game for five minutes when waiting for the bus and who want their device to last all day above all else, the limitations will still be in place. Presumably, the outliers – like Netflix, Samsung Pay, Microsoft Office – will be removed from GOS too. Speaking to Android Central, a spokesperson for Samsung confirmed: "Our priority is to deliver the best mobile experience for consumers. The Game Optimizing Service (GOS) has been designed to help game apps achieve great performance while managing device temperature effectively. GOS does not manage the performance of non-gaming apps. We value the feedback we receive about our products and after careful consideration, we plan to roll out a software update soon so users can control the performance while running game apps." It's unclear when Samsung will introduce these new controls, or what form they will ultimately take. Nonetheless, if you've recently bought a Samsung Galaxy smartphone because of the promised performance from its next-generation silicon, this is very good news.