Lewis Hamilton, 37, is one of the most successful Formula One drivers of all time, which has also earned him a hefty salary as a result. The F1 driver will be taking to the roads in Bahrain this week as the Grand Prix racing season kicks off. According to data collected in November 2021, Hamilton is the highest-paid F1 driver. Statista reports that the Mercedes driver takes home a salary of $55million (approximately £41million) each year as a result of his skill and accomplishments. The driver is currently gearing up to chase his eighth world championship, having already won the World Drivers’ Championships on seven previous occasions. He shares the joint-record with just one other driver - Michael Schumacher. READ MORE: Kate and William to spend 'quality time' with Meghan and Harry soon Born in Stevenage, Hertfordshire, Hamilton embarked on his career from a young age when he joined the McLaren young driver programme in 1998. This led to a Formula One drive with McLaren in 2007 where he set numerous records, finishing as runner-up to Kimi Räikkönen by one point. In 2014, Hamilton achieved six further drivers' titles. Then, consecutive titles followed in 2014 and 2015 during an intense rivalry with teammate Nico Rosberg. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton name: Why has he changed his name - what will it be? [REVEALED]Kate is 'William's rock' in Belize but the Prince is 'tense' [COMMENT]Two reasons why Princess Anne could be the Queen’s favourite child [INSIGHT] When Rosberg retired, Sebastian Vettel, who drives for Ferrari, became Hamilton's closest rival. Despite this, the British driver overturned mid-season point deficits to claim consecutive titles in 2017 and 2018. He went on to claim further titles in 2019 and 2020. However, it isn't just his driving that Hamilton is admired for. He has been credited for furthering F1's global following, appealing to a wider audience outside of the sporting community. His high-profile lifestyle, environmental and social activism has also been applauded for attracting a more diverse audience. Hamilton has ventured into the world of music and fashion previously. He featured on Christina Aguilera's 2018 song "Pipe" under the pseudonym XNDA, although he did not confirm this until July 2020, when he revealed he had been writing and recording music for ten years. He has previously cited music as "a huge passion" since he was a teenager. Hamilton also starred in Disney's Cars2, when he voiced an anthropomorphic version of himself. Over the years, he has become a prominent advocate in support of activism to combat racism and push for increased diversity in motorsport. Hamilton was listed in the 2020 issue of Time as one of the 100 most influential people globally. In 2021, he was knighted in the New Year Honours.