Supermodel extraordinaire Cindy Crawford's alleged stalker has reportedly been arrested. According to reports, the British man flew from Britain to Los Angeles, California. After making the 5,000 mile journey, he was was taken into custody and charged with stalking after security guards at the property shared by the model, her husband Rande Gerber and their two children were alerted to repeated banging on the windows and doors, according to TMZ. It has been alleged that he made a bizarre claim that he and the supermodel share a child together. Cindy, 56, is a mother to son Presley, 22, and daughter Kaia, 20 - both of whom now have successful modelling careers in their own right. Their father is businessman Rande, who Cindy married in the Bahamas more than 23 years ago. A spokesperson for the Los Angeles Sheriff’s office confirmed in a statement to the publication: "On February 27th, 2022, Lost Hills Station deputies responded to a trespassing call. READ NOW: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him "After conducting their investigation, they arrested a male adult suspect for the crime of stalking. "It is unknown which part of the UK the suspect is from." Express.co.uk has contacted Cindy Crawford's representatives for comment. Meanwhile, Cindy was actually much closer to his home than he had flown, as she had travelled to Paris to take part in Fashion Week. She and daughter Kaia, who is a dead ringer for her mum, joined other model legends including Naomi Campbell and Helena Christensen on the Parisian catwalk this week. They paid tribute to the late fashion designer Virgil Abloh by walking the runway in his name after his death. Cindy, who posed nude for Playboy in the same year that she married husband Rande, will celebrate her 24th anniversary of nuptials in May. She had previously been married to actor Richard Gere but claimed she changed so rapidly at a young age that before long, she was barely recognisable to him. DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart [LATEST] ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award [DEBATE] The Chase’s Paul Sinha blasts India for reaction to Ukraine invasion [BREAKING]  In a Masterclass TV interview with Oprah Winfrey, she explained: "At 22, as a young woman, I was kind of still figuring out who I was and what I wanted to be... and [Richard Gere] was already 37. "In some ways, he knew I was still growing and changing; I didn't wanna hear it from him, because, at 22, you think you know everything and you think you're already formed. "It's hard to change in a relationship because what one person might have signed up for and then all of a sudden you're not that anymore." Meanwhile, Cindy is expected to perform her last catwalk show alongside Kaia this Sunday.