Actress Mila Kunis, 38, has defended the people of Russia and urged the world not to blame them for the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. Mila was born in Ukraine and she lived there until she was seven years old. Her Jewish family fled the Soviet country in 1991 and relocated to the United States. The Friends With Benefits star sat down with journalist Maria Shriver for an interview with The Sunday Paper. The conversation quickly turned to the horrors currently encapsulating her birthplace and Maria asked what Mila thinks people around the world should be doing. READ MORE:Demi Rose flashes derriere in tiny thong as model strips off The actress said: “I don’t think that we need to consider the people of Russia an enemy. “There is that ‘if you are not with us you are against us mentality', and I don’t want people to conflate the two problems that are happening. “I don’t think it’s the people of Russia and so I don’t want there to be a thing of, ‘all Russians are horrible human beings.' I don’t want that to be the rhetoric. “It’s the people in power, not the people themselves.” Mila also said that she previously considered herself “very much American”. But once Putin invaded her birth country, she felt like “a part of her heart got ripped out”. She also recalled that she used to “just tell people she was Russian” rather than Ukrainian because many Americans didn’t know where Ukraine was. However, she says she now feels “pride” in her Ukrainian heritage but maintains that she is still grateful to live in America and to have enjoyed “everything the country has given her”. DON'T MISSOur Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update[LATEST]Louise Minchin praises Carol Kirkwood on move away from BBC Breakfast[INSIGHT]Robbie Williams says he and wife have nowhere to live[NEWS] Mila and her husband, Ashton Kutcher, have raised more than £15million ($20million) to support humanitarian efforts in the war-torn country. Last week, the couple announced they will match donations of up to £2.5million ($3million). The parents-of-two called on the people to donate in a candid clip posted to Ashton’s 4.5 million Instagram followers. Mila said: “There is no place in this world for this kind of unjust attack on humanity. “I have always considered myself an American, a proud American. I love everything this country has done for myself and my family. "But today, I have never been more proud to be a Ukrainian.” Ashton added: “While we witness the bravery of the people in the country she was born in, we're also witness to the needs of those who have chosen safety.” The actors, who share daughter Wyatt, seven, and son Dimitri, five, explained the fundraiser will benefit Airbnb and freight transporter Flexport. The organisations are helping to provide supplies and housing for refugees fleeing Ukraine.