Comedians Hannah Gadsby and Tom Allen joined The Last Leg host Adam Hills, and panellists Josh Widdecombe and Alex Brooker, on Friday night's show. Whilst discussing the current war in Ukraine, Adam touched on how Ukrainian President Zelenskyy used to be a comedian and once starred in films before becoming leader of the country. Hannah went on to compare Jimmy Carr to Vladimir Putin, which sparked fury on Twitter as fans thought she went a step too far. Adam began: "This week, people started to discover clips from Zelenskyy's past, now we mentioned last week he has played a teacher who became the president of Ukraine. "But apart from that, he also won Ukraine's Dancing with the Stars, he is the voice of Paddington Bear in Ukraine. "And while many admired his balls this week, just as many were impressed by his p***s due to this widely shared viral clip from 2016 that shows off his incredible comedy." A comedic clip then played, showing Zelenskyy and a co-star playing the piano with their genitals. READ MORE: Danny Sebastian partner: Who is Bargain Hunt's Danny Sebastian with? As the clip ended, Adam exclaimed: "That's from a guy who is facing off Putin! Should there be more comedians as leaders?" Tom joked: "Oh Adam, I bet you're furious that you're not leader of a country! You would love it, wouldn't you? You'd love a speech, rounding people up, you would love it!" Josh quipped: "You can't declare war with a song, though!" Adam asked Hannah whether she thought comedians should become world leaders, to which she slammed: "No, I think actually at the moment Vladimir Putin and Jimmy Carr are interchangeable." Shocked at her abruptness, Adam awkwardly laughed: "Wow, go on..." She continued: "They both hate minorities, they don't like contributing to the public purse, and they see the same plastic surgeon." An awkward laugh surrounded the studios as even Tom, Josh and Alex were sitting awkwardly laughing at Hannah's "joke". People on Twitter slammed her comment as @GabbygalEvs said: "Agree, its called a joke he's not a b****y murderer." DON'T MISS...Adam Hills feared MBE would be taken away after Prince Andrew jokes [INSIGHT]Adam Hills opens up on awkward meeting with Queen 'You were a bit sh*t [LATEST]Adam Hills lauds Rafael Nadal over Djokovic vax row comments  [WATCH] @Slinehan1 wrote: "Is that woman really comparing Jimmy Carr to Putin? That's not funny. That's just too far. "The silence with slight awkward laughter seems to suggest the audience feel the same way #TheLastLeg." Chris Florence fumed: "Hope Jimmy Carr sues her for slander what a load of b******s that was!" @JaamesRadhan exclaimed: "Come on, Jimmy isn't racist it's a joke1."(sic) @Choneyisland99 commented: "Well, that Jimmy Carr joke crashed and burned in a spectacular fashion." After Hannah's comment, Adam continued: "By the way, there is a big difference between a country led by a comedian and a country led by a clown. "Zelenskyy said there had been three assassination attempts on him this week alone, he implored Putin to sit down with him for a discussion. "[He said] 'But not 30 metres away like Macron and Schultz', that's how you know he is a comedian because he is still putting little jokes in even in the middle of a war!" Alex continued: "He is an incredible bloke, but it is very rare you get someone famous for being in films, and then they end up as President. "Sitting down watching the UN with your mum and just going, what have I seen him in?" The Last Leg airs Friday at 9pm on Channel 4.