In the latest finale of Euphoria, Elliot (played by Dominic Fike) met up with a newly sober Rue (Zendaya) and apologised to her for his part in her drug use. As part of this apology, the 26-year-old sang a song he had written for her while strumming away on a guitar. However, some fans had branded the scene “unnecessary”, while other members of the audience couldn’t help but mock the not-so-heartfelt moment at length. Taking to social media, Dominic hit back at the criticism in an online post. After sharing a number of memes that took a swipe at his guitar scene, on Instagram, the star posted: “The internet remains undefeated. He joked: “I am humbled." The HBO show had sparked a load of parodies online with references to the likes of Camp Rock and Glee, to name a few. Taking to Twitter, fans expressed their distaste at the scene. @andrewxnj said: "Whoever thought that guitar and song serenade scene in euphoria was a good idea, especially for THAT LONG needs to be fired." While @haylojohnson wrote: "No way have euphoria got so many ends to tie up and they’ve got a full on scene of Elliot playing the guitar for no reason???? Absolute waste of screen time." (sic) READ MORE: Ex-US VP Quayle warns of dire consequences 'We're on brink of WW3!'  However, for some, the moment was praised, with @Ayye_pap stating: "The best part of euphoria lastnight was the guitar scene. "That song was fire." Leading actor Zendaya had gushed over her return to the series, saying: “Since the day we wrapped, I was ready to start season two. “I just feel very lucky to be back,” she told Sky TV. After the COVID-19 pandemic hit the TV industry hard, it comes as no surprise to hear that filming came to a halt, but the crew found a way to work around the limitations. Executive producer Sam Levinson revealed: “We had prepped the entire season two and we were shut down on the Friday before we were to start filming on the Monday."  He continued: “My instinct was immediately, ‘What can we do in the meantime?’ “What’s a way to do more contained pieces that allows us to continue to the emotional evolution of these characters?” Sam asked himself. After some thought, the team came up with the idea of filming the show in one location, Sam explained: “Normally, we have a show that moves relatively fast that has a number of locations and scenes. “The challenges of making these episodes is, it doesn’t allow us to get comfortable in a form, they forced me to up end the entire structure of the series and look at these characters from an entirely different perspective."  Meanwhile, Cassie actress Sydney Sweeney shared an explosive storyline in the finale, after having a very public fall out with her sister Lexi (Maude Apatow), before having a physical fight with Maddy (Alexa Demie). She told Cosmopolitan: “In the season two finale, Cassie is completely destroyed and distraught, and the opposite of where we left her in season one. “I can only imagine where she’s going to go next season.” As a performer, The Handmaid’s Tale star gushed over her profession which allows her to evolve with the character she plays. She said: “As an actor, I love being able to go to places that might be deep for characters because you unlock different parts of them that you didn’t know before. “I love discovering different parts of Cassie. “Cassie was so confident and on this path of self-love and self-worth." Euphoria seasons 1 and 2 can be streamed in the UK on Amazon Prime, NOW and Sky Atlantic