Australian news from 9 News Australia explained how China could be stepping into a possible deal with the Solomon Islands, in the Pacific sea. Australian Government officials such as Prime Minister Scott Morrison and Anthony Albanese explain the threat the possible alliance could be. Explaining that China would be then able to place military bases 2000km from Australia, causing a high threat due to it making launching an attack easier. Prime Minister Scott Morrison discussed speaking to partner states in the Pacific and bolstering Australian defence. The reporter said: "The election race is about to begin, first there's a budget." Scott Morrison said: "It's a plan which is about dealing with the cost of living relief now." Anthony Albanese said: "There budgets are always long on politics but short on plans." The reporter added: "The government has confirmed relief for older voters will be extended. JUST IN: Putin's 'biggest' Achilles' heel exposed as 'derided' Russian despot facing furious REVOLT  "Self-funded retirees are allowed to keep more money in their super and there will be big money spent on national security. "Just as serious concerns grow inside the government over a possible deal between the Soloman Islands and China. "Which could lead to a Chinese military base 2000km from the Australian coast." Scott Morrison said: "We will work with our partner states in the Pacific to ensure there is a clear understanding of the risks and threats that we believe this poses."   READ MORE: Mum left fuming after letter describes her 'active' four-year-old daughter as overweight Anthony Albanese said: "Australia needs to up our presence in the Pacific." Mr Dutton added: “We are going to acquire the capability much sooner than that. “The arrangement that’s underway at the moment between the U.S. and U.K. has been incredibly productive.” Due to the war in Ukraine and Russia's alliance with China, and the threat of nuclear weapons being deployed. The UK and Australia have spread up fast-track nuclear plans as a show of united force, against the regime. Prime Minister Scott Morrison said: "We condemn Russia's abhorrent actions in the strongest possible terms, as a gross violation of international law and an assault on freedom. "This is the latest example of an authoritarian regime seeking to challenge the status quo through threats and violence." Mr Morrison added: "Our rules-based international order, built upon the principles and values that guide our own nation, has for decades supported peace and stability, and allowed sovereign nations to pursue their interests free from coercion. This is now under assault."  