The Government health minister Edward Argawill has confirmed the charge will stay at £9.35 per item next month. He confirmed there would be no changes to the current prescription price, despite the fee having previously risen in April. Even though the price is staying the same, April will be a hard time for some as the cost of living crisis means finances will continue to be squeezed. With the National Insurance increase, and energy bills soaring, many Britons may be wondering how to save some extra cash. Campaigners are urging Britons to check they are receiving all the state benefits they are entitled to. Free prescriptions are under threat for more than two million people as part of plans being drafted up to bring the benefit in line with the state pension age. READ MORE: Britons on low incomes can get a cash boost worth £1,200 - are you eligible? Britons are encouraged to use the government’s eligibility checker tool to find out if they qualify for free prescriptions. People with certain medical conditions can also apply for free NHS prescriptions though an exemption certificate. Someone can fill out FP92A form from their doctor to apply for this. Their GP will sign the form to verify their application. The certificate will be valid from one month before the date the NHS Business Services Authority receives the application form and will last for five years. Usually they are issued to if people have the following health conditions: Alternatively, people who don’t qualify for help could still make savings by purchasing a Prepayment Certificate (PPC). This would save someone £40 a year if they rely on one prescription per month. If they need two prescriptions per month, they could save £113.60 a year. There’s the option of purchasing a three month or 12 month certificate. A Department for Health and Social Care spokesperson said lots of people are exempt from paying for their prescriptions. They said: “Around 90 percent of community prescriptions in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link between this and the state pension age.”