The Queen's health has been a matter of national concern since last autumn when it emerged the Queen had spent a night in hospital for "preliminary" tests. While the monarch has attended several virtual engagements in recent months, her usually busy diary of in-person appearances has been significantly reduced. The Queen, 95, has missed a string of high-profile engagements over the last six months, and her attendance at two upcoming events also remains uncertain. On Tuesday, members of the Royal Family are expected to attend a poignant Service of Thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge are among several senior royals expected to pay tribute to the late Duke at Westminster Abbey tomorrow. But since the Queen missed the Commonwealth Service at the Abbey earlier this month, there has been speculation over whether the Queen will attend too. A Buckingham Palace spokesperson said at the time: “After discussing the arrangements with the royal household, the Queen has asked the Prince of Wales to represent Her Majesty at the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey on Monday."  READ MORE: Prince Harry branded ‘childish’ and ‘petty’ over Philip memorial After testing positive for Covid last month, the Queen is back to completing virtual engagements and some smaller-scale engagements at her Windsor home. And while the Queen is thought to be in good health, the monarch's comfort is of paramount importance right now, as she is understood to be experiencing some issues with mobility. The Queen has been pictured recently using her walking stick for support, and when asked about her wellbeing at an engagement last month, she replied: "Well, as you can see, I can't move." But it seems all options have been considered to accommodate the Queen at the Abbey service on Tuesday, and she is thought to be determined to attend.  A source told The Sun: “Everything is being looked at to make sure the Queen makes it to Philip’s service. "But the most important thing is to make sure she is comfortable." The source added a helicopter was being considered to transport the Queen from Windsor Castle to Buckingham Palace for the event. Whether or not the Queen will attend the Abbey service is likely to be confirmed on Tuesday morning, depending on how she is feeling on the day.  DON'T MISS:Vine guest insists Royal Family should be 'put in a box with goblins' [VIDEO]William plans to END Queen's never explain rule in royal revolution [INSIGHT]All the Royal Family members expected to attend Philip's memorial [EXPLAINER] But the Queen's attendance at another public event, the State Opening of Parliament in May, is also a matter being discussed given the monarch's presently reduced schedule. Prince Charles is thought to be on standby to fill in for the Queen at the event should she not be able to attend, and in her absence, he would be required to read the Queen's Speech. A senior Government source told the Sunday Times: “There is a convention for the Lord Chancellor to read the Queen’s Speech if the sovereign is indisposed. "However, given the constitutional occasion, the Prince of Wales might be a more appropriate choice given the need to maintain the symbolic link between the Crown and Parliament.”  In recent months, Charles has led the Royal Family's presence at several key events, such as the COP26 climate summit in Glasgow. Charles also filled in for the Queen as head of the Royal Family at the Remembrance Sunday service at the Cenotaph after the Queen pulled out due to a back sprain. With the Queen's recently reduced public appearances evident, commentators have suggested the Queen is unlikely to return to her previously jam-packed royal schedule in the near future. Royal author Penny Junor previously told the Guardian: “I think she still feels there’s life in her yet. I think she enjoys what she does and, so long as she is fit enough, she will carry on doing light duties. "But I don’t think we will see her going back to travelling the country on a weekly basis and doing quite so many receptions and live engagements." 