With the weather getting warmer and the evenings longer, a high-quality beer in our hand is all we need to feel on top of it all. If you'd like to feel the feeling, then listen in. We've got a beer box that's sure to make your March that bit more wonderful. So, we’ve launched a craft beer club called Hopsmore. We're convinced that craft beer is one of the tastiest things ever, and we don't want our readers to miss out on it. So, this month, readers who subscribe to our Hopsmore craft beer club will get a box of eight top-quality craft beers delivered to their door for just £8! Just use the code FIRSTBOX at the checkout when buying online here. It's jaw-droppingly good offer and it's put beer on our brain and got us repeatedly checking the window to see if the postman is on his way down our road.    We've put the hours in and searched high and low to find independent breweries that we really love. After much consideration, we’ve then picked out the chosen few and put their cans into monthly beer boxes. This all means that you can now get a collection of top craft beers from top breweries at your fingertips - bliss! Join Hopsmore craft beer club today and save £16 on your first box!     Having one of our beer boxes at home means you’ll never have to head to your local or stand in a shopping queue when you'd like a beer. Instead, you can simply scoop up a can from your beer box, put on your favourite PJs, and retire to the sofa. Our beer boxes also come in handy when you have guests over. There's a great range of beers in there, so everyone can choose a can that takes their fancy.  If you buy our £8 subscription box, then you’ll be getting these eight beers: Pay an extra £5, and you’ll get two more: We also have a one-off box on sale this month. In it, you’ll get two cans of each of these 10 beers above (20 cans altogether).    Join the Hopsmore beer club and you’ll get a box of eight delicious beers and lagers for just £8 when you use the code 8FIRSTBOX at the checkout - a saving of £16. After your first box, you’ll still only be paying £24 per month. If you’d like to drink these wonderful craft beers but don’t want to subscribe right now, our one-off March beer box would be a great choice. Buy the 20-can box for £30 when you use the code 5GIFTBOX at the checkout. Whichever box you go for, you'll get a tasty snack and a copy of the Hopsmore beer magazine. So, you can munch and read your way through your craft beer journey of discovery. What's more, you’ll also get free tracked delivery, so you don’t need to worry about getting an annoying delivery charge added at the checkout. So, whatever you do this March, enjoy yourself. Embrace the longer days, the warmer weather and a some brilliant beers from some of the best breweries. Buy your £8 beer box or one-off £30 beer box here and don’t look back.   