Jacob Elori, who plays troublesome jock Nate, told US chat show Ellen DeGeneres he believes the intimate scenes are "okay" as they fit in with the theme of the seres. Euphoria has just finished its second season with Zendaya leading the cast as high schooler and struggling drug addict Rue Bennett. The coming-of-age series has confirmed its third instalment and actor Jacob has hinted more sex and nudity could be on the way.  Jacob stars as popular student and the star quarterback of East Highland High School, Nate. owever, he has a deeply-ingrained sense of violent behaviour in his upbringing and struggles with his sexuality as a result. The Aussie actor said he believes the nudity in Euphoria is "OK" because it fits with the context of the dark series. Jacob began: “I’ve done some movies where it gets to the point where it's like, he goes to the mall shirtless and you're like, 'Why?’ READ MORE:Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series 'No-brainer'   “I think on Euphoria it comes with the territory of the character, he's this ultra, masculine macho jock. “So those guys tend to go around shirtless, so it's sort of OK,” he told Ellen. The heartthrob continued: “It's like every scene is like, ‘He sleeps with this person, he does this with this person' [while] naked.” The actor admitted due to working with the same crew on both series, he felt getting naked in front of them was like "getting naked in front of your family".   Season two of the hit HBO series was delayed due to the coronavirus pandemic, much like other US shows. However, fans were given the treat of two special episodes focussing on Rue, and her romantic interest Jules (played by Hunter Schafer). Speaking of how the team adapted to the pandemic, executive producer Sam Levinson said: "We had prepped the entire season two and we were shut down on Friday before we were to start filming on Monday. "My instinct was immediate, ‘What can we do in the meantime?’   “What’s a way to do more contained pieces that allows us to continue the emotional evolution of these characters?” As the second series comes to a close, Cassie star Sydney Sweeney spoke about where her character could go next and how she found stripping off for Euphoria. She told Cosmopolitan: "In the season two finale, Cassie is completely destroyed and distraught, and the opposite of where we left her in season one. “I can only imagine where she’s going to go next season.   “As an actor, I love being able to go to places that might be deep for characters because you unlock different parts of them that you didn’t know before." She added of shooting nude scenes: “There are hour-long compilations of world-famous male actors with nude scenes who win Oscars and get praised for that work. “But the moment a woman does it, it degrades them…” Euphoria seasons one and two are available to stream on NOW and HBO. 