 Freedom of movement was a core principle of the EU, which permitted citizens within the bloc to live and work in another EU country without needing a work permit or visa. However, the Brexit campaign promised to “take back control of our borders”, with several key Leave figures indicating that immigration for low-skilled labour would be restricted. They argued that a points-based immigration system would attract the “brightest” and “best” talent from around the world. However, Dr Bull, who is Deputy Leader of  Reform UK, previously known as the Brexit party, claimed that the Government is not fulfilling its promise of attracting “the best and the brightest.” He told Express.co.uk: “In terms of freedom of movement, yes it has stopped, but we haven't taken advantage of that properly. “I don’t think we’re doing enough to support British business on a global stage. I don’t think in terms of freedom of movement we’re attracting the best and the brightest. “That’s what we said we would do. Read More: RAF fighter jets with deadly 'beast mode' ability land in UK  “The whole point about it was, let’s take Indian graduates for example, they’re very, very highly trained, they speak English, a lot of the infrastructure in India is aligned with the United Kingdom, because we have a colonial past. “And yet they still have to get work visas to come here. This to me seems a bit nutty.” Immigration was a key and contentious talking point before the Brexit referendum. According to the Office for National Statistics (ONS), the UK’s net migration was at an all time high of 330,000 in 2015, with a net migration of EU citizens estimated to be 184,000.  While Remainers argued that the net effect of free movement was overwhelmingly positive, the Brexit campaign wanted the UK to “regain control” of its borders, with many wanting to make a substantial cut to immigration. After the UK formally left the EU in 2020 and entered an 11 month transition period, net migration fell considerably to around 34,000. However, 2020 was also the year of the coronavirus pandemic, which saw lockdowns all over the world and countries shutting down their borders. Many expats living in Britain returned home during the pandemic. Don't Miss:Boris Johnson branded 'Putin apologist' — blamed EU for Crimea[OPINION]Time to arm ourselves! UK should 'protect itself, not the world' POLL[INSIGHT]Russia 'thought it'd be greeted with flowers, not molotov cocktails’[ANALYSIS]  The ONS claim this was “likely caused by a combination of the coronavirus pandemic and Brexit”, with 94,000 more EU nationals estimated to have left the UK than to have arrived. According to Dr Bull, the UK has not made it easy enough since leaving the bloc for highly skilled workers from across the world to work in the UK. On India, Dr Bull added: “They’re incredibly highly trained and we can see that from corporates who are outsourcing call centres and whatever else to India. “I’m a big fan of India and their education system and I just think if we’ve got these job vacancies we need to be attracting the best and the brightest from around the world.  “The United Kingdom remains a global power and I think people are desperate to come here, and we need to make it easier for those who are the best and the brightest.” Though the Reform UK Deputy Leader does not regret campaigning and voting for Brexit, he insisted that the Government was not taking advantage of the “historic” referendum result. He insisted that Mr Johnson needed to address the cost of living as a priority, while Dr Bull raged at what he believed were broken tax promises. He said: “I think the current Government has just doubled down on where the European Union is.  “We’re now a high tax, high regulation, low growth economy and you can see that with the fact we’ve got inflation rising, National Insurance [rise] coming in, our tax bills coming up.” “This isn’t what people voted for.” Dr Bull graded Brexit’s success as “four out of ten”, insisting that he was being “generous”. When asked what Reform UK may have done differently, Dr Bull said: “What we should have done is to say, ‘Right this is where the future begins, we’re now going to slash tax, we’re going to get a flat tax across the board for example. We’re going to slash VAT, we’re doing these trade deals, we’re going to bring in the brightest talent.”