This comes as Russian vehicles move towards the capital, Kyiv, with satellite imagery showing a convoy up to 40 miles long moving towards the city. According to the Interfax news agency, the National Agency for the Protection against Corruption (NAPC) confirmed that anyone who comes to possess Russian military equipment will not have to file reports to update changes in property statements within the typical ten-day window. The NAPC said: "Have you captured a Russian tank or armoured personnel carrier and are worried about how to declare it? “Keep calm and continue to defend the Motherland! “There is no need to declare the captured Russian tanks and other equipment, because the cost of this [...] does not exceed 100 living wages (UAH 248,100)." They added that, “speaking by the letter of the law, combat trophies are not subject to reflection in the declaration”. They stipulated that such a vehicle or weapon acquired by a Ukrainian citizen would not be in their possession “as a result of the conclusion of any type of transaction”. Rather, it would be “in connection with the full-scale aggression of the Russian Federation on February 24, 2022 against the independent and sovereign Ukrainian state as a continuation the insidious attack of the Russian Federation on Ukraine launched in 2014. “Thanks to the courage and victory of the defenders of the Ukrainian state, enemy military equipment usually comes to you already destroyed and disabled, which makes it impossible to evaluate it in accordance with the law on the valuation of property, property rights and professional valuation activities in Ukraine. “Therefore, it is also impossible to find out how much such property costs.” READ MORE: Putin nuclear warning as Russian leader tipped to drop bomb near UK Whilst it is technically possible to declare Russian military equipment as an asset, they continued, there will be no requirement to do so. Ukrainian President, Volodymyr Zelensky, said on Wednesday that Russian forces advancing through Kyiv “have orders to erase our history”. Ukrainian authorities said on Wednesday that a further five people had died after a Russian attack on a television tower in Kyiv. It is believed the five people were members of the same family. DON'T MISS: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Desperate Putin arresting children [LIVE] ‘Lack of ambition’ Furious row erupts as Britain FAILS [REACTION] Conflict has entered a new and horrific phase - EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT] The TV tower, reaching 1,300 feet, was circled by explosions on Tuesday afternoon, and was constructed by a memorial site for a Nazi massacre. Ukraine accused Russia of a “barbaric” attack, using rockets to kill five civilians who were walking nearby to the memorial. In September 1941, soldiers from Nazi Germany executed tens of thousands of people in the woods near to the memorial. Referring to the attack, Mr Zelensky said: "This strike proves that for many people in Russia our Kyiv is absolutely foreign. “They don’t know a thing about Kyiv, about our history. “But they all have orders to erase our history, erase our country, erase us all.” Mr Zelensky also claimed almost 6,000 Russian troops had been killed in the first six days of the invasion, and that Ukraine would not fall to Moscow’s attacks. Reports claim Russian troops have now entered Ukraine’s second city, Kharkiv, after intense shelling in residential areas of the city. Ukrainian security services said the soldiers landed in Kharkiv at around 3am local time. On Wednesday, regional governor for Kharkiv, Oleg Synegubo, said that least 21 people were killed and 112 were wounded in shelling in Kharkiv in the last 24 hours.