George Russell has dismissed the idea that he is playing mind games with his Formula 1 rivals ahead of the upcoming season. The Briton is set to race at the front of the grid on a regular basis with Mercedes for the first time in 2022, having spent three years with Williams further down the pecking order. Expectations are high for the man from King's Lynn, now that he has joined the team which has dominated the Constructors' Championship for the last eight years. A team with their record is always likely to be considered the favourite, and that was driven home in the first round of testing last week. Mercedes topped the time sheets in Barcelona, with Lewis Hamilton going fastest of all over the three days. But despite that, Russell was quick to tell reporters that he felt his new employers were behind Ferrari and McLaren – who went second and third fastest in Catalunya. "[We're] certainly not ahead, I'm pretty sure of that," he said. JUST IN: Red Bull errors in 2021 tipped to give Hamilton the edge in Bahrain "They seem to have things well under control and they're on top of everything. They look very strong on low fuel, high fuel, and with the tyre management. "Who knows? We all know that we're on different programmes, but we definitely know from the average of all of the different runs that we're behind them at the moment. "Let's wait and see. The championship isn't won in Barcelona winter testing, but it has certainly been an intriguing two days." Russell's comments, made on the morning of the third and final day on which Hamilton went fastest, led to suggestions that the team might be encouraging their new driver to play a few mind games. DON'T MISS:Toto Wolff's 'significant' Mercedes fears answered by Michael AndrettiMax Verstappen convinced Red Bull have ace up their sleeveLewis Hamilton could have stopped Max Verstappen joining Mercedes The 24-year-old, however, has dismissed any such suggestion and claims he is only focussed on being as prepared as he can for his own job ahead. "I can't be bothered with mind games, it's too much effort. No, there are no mind games," he said. "We're just working on our own programme and, to be honest, it is absolutely unrepresentative what we've seen during testing. "You know who is probably in the top half, and you know who's in the bottom half, but when it comes to qualifying you've got tenths of a second splits between [teams], which is the equivalent of five kilos worth of fuel. So yeah, [it's] totally unrepresentative. "Things will probably look very different with the development by the time we get to Bahrain. Maybe Lando [Norris] is playing mind games, but we're not!" Every team still has plenty of work to do to make sure they are getting the most out of their creations for a season in which new technical rules have come into play. A number of issues were highlighted during that 'shakedown' in Barcelona, one of the most notable being the 'porpoising' that was noticed during some straights. The return of ground effect cars meant that some bouncing might have been expected, but Ferrari team boss Mattia Binotto believes the problem was "underestimated" ahead of the first round of testing. Teams will hope they have fixed the issue by the time they arrive in Bahrain for the second round of pre-season checks, beginning on March 10. After all, the first race of the season takes place at the same venue just 10 days later.