The war in Ukraine has been raging for two weeks after Russia invaded its neighbour last month. Putin’s troops have bombarded Ukraine’s major cities with attacks that have obliterated whole neighbourhoods and collectively killed hundreds of citizens. Russia’s unprovoked assault on the country has been met with fierce Ukrainian resistance, led by President Volodymyr Zelensky. However, more than two million refugees have now fled Ukraine, according to the United Nations. The Russian leader’s fears were explained in a podcast in December as Russia expert Anton Troianovski revealed how Putin was worried about Ukraine slipping from Moscow’s grasp. The Moscow bureau chief for The New York Times spoke to Michael Barbaro for an episode in the newspaper’s ‘The Daily’ podcast recorded while Russia was amassing its troops near the border with Ukraine. Mr Troianovski said: “If we look at everything Putin has said and written over the last year, he really seems convinced that the West is pulling Ukraine away from Russia against the will of much of the Ukrainian people. “Polling doesn’t really bear that out, but Putin really seems to be convinced of that. “And so, it seems like he may also be thinking that Ukrainians would welcome Russian forces as liberators from some kind of Western occupation.” He said: “I have cooled down regarding this question a long time ago after we understood that ... NATO is not prepared to accept Ukraine. “The alliance is afraid of controversial things, and confrontation with Russia.” Mr Troianovski claimed in the podcast that Putin was scared at the prospect of Ukraine breaking away from Russia and moving towards the West and NATO. He said: “I spoke to a former advisor of Putin’s recently who described Ukraine as a trauma within a trauma for the Kremlin. “So, the trauma of the breakup of the Soviet Union plus the trauma of losing Ukraine.” He added: “Russia is losing Ukraine. I think objectively, though, you have to say it’s losing Ukraine in large part because of Putin’s policies, because of the aggressive actions he’s taken. “And if you look at the polls before 2014, something like 12 percent of Ukrainians wanted to join NATO. Now, it’s more than half.” To subscribe to ‘The Daily’ go to your normal podcast provider.