During the weekend, in a meeting with Russia’s defence ministry and chief of general staff, Vladimir Putin took aim at NATO and the sanctions Western powers had slapped on Moscow. In a televised meeting, he ordered his military command to put nuclear deterrence forces on high alert. Putin said: “Western countries aren't only taking unfriendly economic actions against our country, but leaders of major NATO countries are making aggressive statements about our country. “So I order to move Russia's deterrence forces to a special regime of duty." In a statement provided by the Russian state media agency TASS, Mr Putin said: “Senior officials of the leading NATO countries also allow aggressive statements against our country, therefore I order the Minister of Defense and the Chief of the General Staff [of the Russian Armed Forces] to transfer the deterrence forces of the Russian army to a special mode of combat duty.” UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace was quick to react, and said Russia ordering nuclear deterrence forces to be on "high alert" is an attempt by Putin "to distract from his troubles in Ukraine". He added at the time Britain had seen no major change to Russian nuclear posture despite the Russian President ordering nuclear deterrent forces to be put on alert. But the latest warning from Putin has sparked a furious reaction among Britons. Reacting to our initial story, Express.co.uk reader "ProfessorDriftwood1" raged: "Putin, by threatening the west with nuclear weapons, displays the desperation of a dictator cornered and facing defeat. "The Russian economy must be suffering and his master plan to subjugate Ukraine appears to be failing." "Wokehater" wrote: "Face it Putin. You've started something you can't stop because you're scared of losing face." READ MORE: Putin left reeling as key ally Belarus refuses to join war "Boroughbloke" fumed: "NATO isn’t threatening Putin. It never has threatened him." Fellow Express.co.uk reader "charlieboy2" added: "He is getting very desperate and very dangerous." Prime Minister Boris Johnson has launched a furious attack against Putin by accusing him of unleashing "barbaric and indiscriminate" violence against Ukrainian civilians as Russian forces closed in on Kyiv. A huge military convoy some 40 miles long is currently located north of the Ukrainian capital. DON'T MISS‘Fatally underestimated unity’ Boris in warning shot at barbaric Putin [VIDEO]Hungary denies passage for crucial weapons to reach Ukraine [COMMENTS]Colonel explains why Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is failing [INTERVIEW] There are no growing fears Kyiv will face a barrage of rockets and shells which could inflict devastating civilian casualties. Speaking in Warsaw, Poland this morning (Tuesday), Mr Johnson said Putin had decided to "bomb tower blocks, to send missiles into tower blocks, to kill children, as we are seeing in increasing numbers". The Prime Minister warned that in the "grim war" Putin had "fatally underestimated" the resistance of the Ukrainians and the resolve of the West to act. He also paid tribute to the "leadership and courage" of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Mr Johnson added: "I think he has inspired and mobilised not only his own people, he is inspiring and mobilising the world in outrage at what is happening in Ukraine."