Alden Parker (played by Gary Cole) has taken over the NCIS team since the task force’s long-standing leader Leroy Gibbs (Mark Harmon) left the series last year. Although his history has remained an enigma to his fellow agents so far, the next episode of the CBS drama will lift the lid on his past with some potentially dire consequences. NCIS’s new team leader could face disciplinary action when he runs into an old friend in the next episode of season 19. In episode 15, Thick as Thieves, Parker is shocked to discover their latest case is connected to an old friend, Billy Doyle (Kevin Chapman). To his team’s surprise, he reveals he and Billy were in “juvie” together during their teenage years. Much of his past is still a mystery, but fans now know Parker spent some time in juvenile detention during his youth thanks to the latest promo for the next episode. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell The teaser then cuts to a scene of the old friends sharing a beer together, though viewers shouldn’t expect them to bury the hatchet any time soon. Footage later reveals Parker physically confronting Billy at a convenience store, and kicking his desk in the NCIS office. Could Parker be facing a warning from Director Leon Vance (Rocky Carroll) after attacking his old acquaintance? The synopsis for episode 15 reads: “Parker's delinquent past resurfaces when NCIS is called to Philadelphia to investigate the death of a Navy petty officer.” In the promo, forensic scientist Kasie Hines (Diona Reasonover) informs Parker the murder weapon was used in a robbery 18 years before the latest case. Parker seems convinced Billy has something to do with it, hence his furious reaction to seeing him in the store. If the team leader pushes his interrogation too far, he could face similar consequences to those that befell former NCIS boss Gibbs in the last season. After nearly two decades as Special Agent in Charge, Gibbs was put on permanent suspension for assaulting a suspect. DON'T MISS:Mood star Nicôle Lecky teases plans to direct next series [EXCLUSIVE]Invincible star teases Guardians of the Globe return [SPOILERS]The Walking Dead sparks backlash with Negan and Maggie spin-off [REACTION] Thankfully, this wasn’t the end of his time on the series, and he remained a prominent supporting character while Agents Nick Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) and Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) handled the fieldwork. During his time away from the office, Gibbs teamed up with journalist Marcie Warren (Pam Dawber) to track down an elusive serial killer. Viewers loved seeing long-time star Mark interacting with his real-life wife Pam during his final few episodes, but his permanent suspension could only mean one thing. After recovering from an attack on his boat at the end of season 18, Gibbs appeared in just four episodes of the new season before making his exit from the series. While he could pop up for a guest appearance here and there, Gibbs’ assault charges directly led to his permanent departure from NCIS just a few months later. As Parker is seen making a similar mistake in the new promo, it stands to reason he could face the same punishment for attacking his old friend. NCIS newcomer Gary isn’t expected to bow out from his role just yet, but fans shouldn’t be surprised if Director Vance has to take him down a peg in the following episode. NCIS season 19 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date has yet to be announced.