Zoe Ball missed her BBC Radio Two show this morning before announcing she also has to skip presenting Comic Relief as well. This comes as the presenter shared a health update that she’s tested positive for Covid. Zoe posted the news on social media this morning, before she was inundated with well wishes. She also explained she will be replaced by Alesha Dixon who will present a double shift on the show tonight. Gary Davies sat in for her on her morning radio show. She wrote on Instagram: “Pook ! fell at last hurdle and have had positive lat flows this am. READ MORE: Anne Hegerty pulls out of Beat the Chasers as she names replacement  “Noooooooo - gorgeous @aleshaofficial is going to work the double shift tonight on @ComicRelief, i owe you lady love. (sic) “Good luck to A, Lenny, David, @mcguinness.paddy, @ajodudu, @vernonkay, and the @comicrelief gang, so many brilliant treats in store tonight. “I'll be watching & supporting from bed (probably in full make up, outfit, heels and all) might invite @joeldommett over #sickbay.” Following the news, the star was inundated with support from her friends and followers.  Singer Jessie Ware wrote: “Argh rest up zoe! X” While The Repair Show star Steve Fletcher penned: “So sorry!!” Several fans also shared their support for the star on Instagram. Sarum_sister penned: “Oh nooooooo was so looking forward to seeing you on Comic relief tonight…. (sic) “Hope you are feeling ok and it passes quickly…..loving your nails.” DON'T MISS... Alex Beresford reacts to 'livid' ITV co-star Charlene White [INSIGHT]Loose Women's Denise Welch fires back at Twitter troll's cruel remark [PICTURES]Piers Morgan slams Meghan Markle's Spotify verdict as 'beyond parody' [INSIGHT]   Mrcakeyboi added: “Hope you’re not too unwell. Feel better soon.” Louchis6 commented: “Hope your ok , missed you this morning love your show gets me motivated for my day ahead x.” (sic) She’s the second star to pull out of the show tonight, after Joel Dommett also tested positive for Covid. The Masked Singer star announced the news earlier this week. He shared that Vernon Kay would be stepping in for him  Posting yesterday, he wrote: “Super annoyed to report that I have the vid. “This unfortunately means I have to pull out of hosting @comicrelief. “My incredible replacement is the better looking, more talented @vernonkay who is ace. “I’ll be watching from home donating loads of money like everyone else!” 