Yesterday, the Countess attended a briefing on the impact of the conflict in Ukraine on women and girls. According to the official Royal Family Twitter, the Countess delivered a speech about the position of women in Afghanistan.  It read: “Today The Countess of Wessex joined UN Women representatives and NGOs at a briefing on the impact of the conflict in Ukraine on women and girls. “HRH heard about the international humanitarian response and how to best support women and girls in conflict zones. “This evening, The Countess delivered the keynote address at ‘Upholding Women’s Rights in Afghanistan’, an event hosted by the Group of Friends of Women in Afghanistan @UN_Women, and the @GIWPS. “Her Royal Highness spoke to experts and leading policy makers as they discussed how to make international efforts to protect the human rights of women and girls in Afghanistan more effective.   “The Countess of Wessex has supported the UN’s Women, Peace and Security (WPS) agenda and Preventing Sexual Violence in Conflict Initiative (PSVI) for many years.” On Twitter royal fans were gushing with delight at the Countesses' work. One user, @SabirahLohn, wrote: “Sophie is truly wonderful. So glad she’s able to discuss things close to her heart. “ Another user, @loveforcambridg, wrote: “Her Royal Highness is amazing and so passionate about this subject!”  READ MORE: Harry was 'fighting back tears' after Commonwealth Day snub claim A third user, @LadyIngrid_123, wrote: “Fantastic coverage! The Countess of Wessex deserves all the accolades because she’s found fantastic work.” One more user, @brigantia_, wrote: “Absolutely love The Countess of Wessex's advocacy for women and girl's rights.” A fifth user, @RobinLynnKing2, wrote: “Beautiful and sweet.. always loved her.” Another, @AkuaUli, wrote: “Absolutely splendid!! I’ve followed those orgs for many years and it’s great to see such wonderful advocation.” DON'T MISS:  Princess Anne sparks frenzy with email confession after Twitter snub [REVEAL] Kate’s ‘act of inconvenience’ to Camilla shows affection [INSIGHT] Meghan's sister has Twitter account suspended [SPOTLIGHT]  A seventh, @SerenityAfter, wrote: “Let’s make Sophie the next Queen. Surely, we can skip Charles and move on to Edward.”