Mick Schumacher has spoken out for the first time since his horror 170mph crash during Saudi Arabian Grand Prix qualifying. The Haas star span into the wall at high-speed and the initial signs were worrying. Fortunately, the 23-year-old was conscious and able to transfer into the back of an ambulance with the help of medical staff. After a brief assessment at the Jeddah circuit, Schumacher was sent to a local hospital by helicopter for further checkups. Haas have pulled their driver out of Sunday's race and will only field one car in the event with Schumacher to spend the night in hospital - from where the German has posted an update on his condition. "Hi everyone, I just wanted to say that I’m ok," Schumacher wrote on social media. "Thank you for the kind messages. The car felt great @haasf1team, we’ll come back stronger."   Earlier Haas released a statement that read: "Mick is physically in a good condition but will be flown by helicopter to hospital for further precautionary check-ups." And team principal Guenther Steiner told Sky Sports F1: "The best thing is that Mick has apparently no injuries, he's in the hospital right now and being evaluated by the doctors, so he is in good hands at the moment. There is a possibility that he'll have to stay for observation overnight at the hospital. "Based on these facts and where we are, we have decided not to field his car tomorrow. Kevin, having not done a lot of practice yesterday, I think he did a fantastic job today getting into Q3.   "His last run was not as planned but I think that was down to not having enough time on track. We're still happy with Q3 and P10 tomorrow." Explaining the crash, Steiner added: "It seems like he has gone on the kerb but then just lost the car. Double wheelspin and you know how quick it goes. "But it doesn’t seem there was no breakage or anything, we couldn’t see anything. We just lost all the data as well, immediately, on the impact – we had no contact with him and no data anymore, it just cut everything off. I guess with the impact just everything was destroyed." 