Rather than opting for an old-fashioned style of plaque unveiling, the Duchess of Cornwall and Prince Charles opened the new headquarter with a twist. According to Hello magazine, the royals were told by a representative: “We know that you unveil a lot of buildings, so we thought we'd do it with a Meta twist.”  The pair were then presented with a large touch screen so that they could unveil a virtual plaque that commemorated the opening of the headquarters. After they pressed a large button, a white cloth fell away to unveil the realistic-looking plaque that bore both of their names. During their visit to the new Meta offices (formerly known as Facebook), Camilla tried on some glasses that could film everything she looked at. The couple also met with representatives from local community projects supported by Meta.   The future King and Queen walked around the building and were introduced to the area which will house 5,000 workstations for engineers working on Instagram, as well as the Reality Labs and Workplace. During the visit, Camilla interacted with four women who have volunteered as admins for Facebook. The role of these volunteers will be to connect parents and families, before going on to film a video for her own book group, The Reading Room. On the other hand, Prince Charles visited the virtual reality events, and then the pair were shown an Instagram filter that will be rolled out for the Queen's platinum jubilee. READ MORE: William 'snubs' Harry ahead of Philip memorial  Charles examined a virtual reality headgear that allows users to explore and learn about locations across the world, including their landmarks, history, and culture. He was taken through the many ways in which WhatsApp chatbots are being utilised to make a social effect. He was taught how it can assist in delivering credible information to governments all around the world. Other WhatsApp services include a loneliness chatbot created with the Jo Cox Foundation, to help people link up with places where they can find support and help. DON'T MISS:Hundreds of homes still in the dark more than 24h after substation firWilliam to take ‘reactionary and agile’ approach when he is King ‘Ruthless’ Scott Morrison facing coup as ‘backstabbing’ PM blasted London is Meta’s largest engineering hub outside of the US with more than 4,000 employees based at offices in Brock Street, Rathbone Place, Shaftesbury Avenue and now King’s Cross. She was very impressed when shown the StoryTime app, which allowed users to read stories to their relatives who may be far away. She said: “That's brilliant, all those families separated from their grandchildren.” The final visit of their outing saw them travel to Meta's London Social Good fair where they toured stalls and heard how the global community is contributing to help those in need in London. Steve Hatch, Meta’s Vice President for Northern Europe, said: “We're honoured that The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall are officially opening our newly built King's Cross offices.” 