Royal baby fever swept Britain back in 2013 upon the birth of Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's first child. Their son Prince George is now eight-years-old and he is third in line to the throne behind his father William and grandfather Prince Charles. One day he is expected to reign as King, but before he takes the throne, George will support his grandfather and father during their reigns - which may mean some new titles are on the horizon for him. Prince George is currently styled as His Royal Highness Prince George of Cambridge, but his title could undergo many changes during his lifetime. Prince Charles was given the Prince of Wales title by the Queen back in 1958, and he was formally invested in the role in 1969. Charles is now the longest-serving Prince of Wales in history, but when he becomes King the title will revert to the crown. READ MORE: Prince William pays sweet tribute to Prince Harry  For centuries, the heir apparent to the throne has usually been awarded the Prince of Wales title by the reigning monarch. So when Charles is King, it stands to reason that he will pass on the title he has held for so long to his elder son, Prince William. And when Prince William succeeds his father as King, he will have the option of giving Prince George the title too. A newly-instated heir apparent to the throne inherits several titles automatically when the crown passes to the next person in the line of succession.  For example, the Duke of Cornwall title is automatically inherited by the heir apparent, as is the Duke of Rothesay title. The Prince of Wales' website outlines: "The Prince, as Heir to The Throne, took on the traditional titles of The Duke of Cornwall under a charter of King Edward III in 1337; and, in the Scottish peerage, of Duke of Rothesay, Earl of Carrick, Baron of Renfrew, Lord of the Isles, and Prince and Great Steward of Scotland." However, unlike other royal titles the heir apparent holds, the Prince of Wales title is strictly awarded at the behest of the sovereign. So technically, William could decide not to give George the Prince of Wales title - although this seems highly unlikely. DON'T MISS:Prince George showing the traits of a future King 'Has what it takes' [ANALYSIS]Prince George tipped to attend upcoming engagement alongside Kate [INSIGHT]Queen Mother completely altered her engagement ring [PICTURES]  Prince Charles is the 21st holder of The Prince of Wales title, and his predecessor was Prince Edward, later King Edward VIII, who abdicated the throne less than a year after succeeding King George V. The Prince of Wales title has been used for centuries, but it was first given to an English heir to the throne in 1301. The future King Edward II was born at Caernarfon in North Wales and he was given the Prince of Wales title by his father. Caernarfon Castle was the site of Prince Charles' investiture as Prince of Wales more than 50 years ago. 