Toyota has unveiled the new Toyota GR Corolla, which the car giant confirmed will use an uprated version of the Toyota GR Yaris's powertrain. Toyota has revealed new images giving fans a sneak peek of the new and long-awaited Toyota GR Corolla. The body design features an expansive front grille and black bonnet vents. Some other differences with the classic Toyota Corolla are the larger rear spoiler, flared wheel arches and triple-exit. The look is inspired by the smaller GR Yaris, although the new model has decided to keep the rear doors. READ MORE: Car tax changes needed as drivers look to avoid cost of fuel duty loss  The new model uses an uprated version of GR Yaris's powertrain, with the GR Yaris' 1.6-litre turbocharged three-cylinder petrol engine powering the car. The powertrain has now increased from 258bhp to 300bhp and torque has also been boosted to 273lb ft. The six-speed manual gearbox - with no automatic available - is also similar to the one in the GR Yaris. DON'T MISSNew car tax proposals would save drivers money on fuel costs [INSIGHT]Motorists can increase fuel efficiency by 25 percent- remove roof rack [IMPORTANT]Drivers warned of expensive costs if number plates are lost [WARNING] The new vehicle features an IMT (intelligent manual transmission), which serves as a rev-matching function for smoother downshifts. Inside, Toyota promised "a GR leather-trimmed steering wheel and unique gauge cluster". The company hasn't disclosed any performance details yet. On April 1, the car's details will be officially unveiled. US deliveries will begin in September 2022. The car giant hasn't announced, however, when the new Toyota will be launched in Europe. In other car news, Audi has announced it will be introducing virtual reality headsets in many of its cars this summer. Audi will become the first car maker to offer virtual reality experiences for passengers. In partnership with a company called Holoride, the headsets will allow viewers to watch films or play games that interact with the car’s movements. As long as the Audi is fitted with the manufacturer’s latest infotainment technology, known as MIB 3, the VR headset will be compatible. That means models including the A4, A5, A6, A7, A8, Q5, Q7, Q8, and Audi e-tron are able to use Holoride.