 EastEnders fans have been patiently waiting for serial killer Gray Atkins’ (played by Toby-Alexander Smith) crimes to be revealed. The murderer has taken the lives of several Walford residents over the past two years and so far has gotten away with it. However, according to official BBC soap spoilers, the police and his neighbours in Albert Square could be on to Gray. As Tina Carter’s (Luisa Bradshaw-White) family discovers she was killed by Gray, will someone seek revenge?    Regular EastEnders viewers will remember Gray murdered Tina in December 2020 after she found out he killed his wife Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plummer). The serial killer buried Tina under the Argee Bhajee floorboards, but her body has now finally been discovered. In upcoming scenes, Gray’s mind turns elsewhere when DCI Arthurs asks to talk to him about Tina. At the station, Gray gives his DNA but questions why he is there, insisting he had nothing to do with Tina’s death. Quickly realising the police have no evidence against him, Gray refuses to answer any further questions and leaves the station. READ MORE: Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv?  Meanwhile, Nancy Carter (Maddy Hill) and Frankie Lewis (Rose Ayling-Ellis) get ready to leave for France. As they prepare for their trip, Nancy reveals she saw Gray leaving with DCI Arthurs. As a result, Mick (Danny Dyer) and Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) rush to Gray’s house and barge in, determined to find out what’s been going on. Gray ups the emotion and fakes grief over Tina’s death, insisting he’ll try to help the Carter family where he can. However, after learning some new information from Shirley, Gray panics and begins to plan his escape.   At the café, Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks) can’t help herself and let’s slip to Sonia Fowler (Natalie Cassidy) and Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty) about Tina. The pair are left heartbroken by the news, but Whitney soon puts two and two together and figures out Gray is behind it. A shaken-up Whitney soon reveals to Mick that she believes Gray is the one who killed Tina. Mick reels from Whitney’s bombshell and soon Shirley demands to know what’s happening. DON'T MISS...Outlander's Sam Heughan rules out James Bond role [INSIGHT]Emmerdale twist as Manpreet Sharma’s jailed for murder? [SPOILERS]Susanna Reid fumes over UK response to Ukrainian refugees [WATCH]  As Whitney and Mick reveal the news to Shirley everything falls into place for her and she vows to end Gray, storming out of The Vic to find him. Also desperate for her moment of reckoning with Gray, Whitney tracks him down. With the truth about his dark past finally coming to light, police flooding Albert Square and several residents wanting revenge, Gray realises his options are quickly running out. Could Gray escape justice or will someone take matters into their own hands?    Gray could be killed as both Shirley and Whitney seem as though they’re out for revenge. However, if either of the women kill Gray the police will soon come looking for answers. Could Mick end up taking the wrap in a bit to protect Gray’s killer? Danny Dyer, who plays Mick in the soap, has already confirmed he’ll be leaving EastEnders later this year. Could his exit storyline see Mick land himself in jail as he’s arrested for Gray’s murder? Viewers will have to tune in to find out his fate. EastEnders continues Thursday at 7:40pm on BBC One. 