Pension Credit is a benefit paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to pensioners on a lower income. It is available to those who have reached state pension age and are in need of some level of financial support. The main top up provided by Pension Credit is known as Guarantee Credit. Guarantee Credit tops up: READ MORE: Benefits warnings: State pensioners could lose £358 a month if they fail to report to DWP There may also be additional amounts available to people with additional needs. Britons could get an extra £67.30 a week if they have a severe disability. People who care for another adult could get an extra £37.70 a week. Those who are responsible for children or young people could get an extra £54.60 a week for each child or young person they are responsible for. DON'T MISS‘It’s a corker’ Martin Lewis shares way people can pay 24% less on their energy bills [MARTIN LEWIS]Council Tax 2022 calculator: Check how much YOUR bills are ratcheting up from April [TAX]Premium Bonds winners announced - have you won NS&I's £1million draw in March 2022? [ALERT] This is increased to £65.10 a week for the first child if they were born before April 6, 2017. Pensioners with housing costs could get an extra amount to cover these costs, such as ground rent for leasehold properties, some service charges and charges for tents and site rents. Savings Credit is the other part of Pension Credit and provides a lower level of support to those with more income. This can provide up to £14.04 a week single for single claimants or up to £15.71 a week for those with a partner. Someone must have reached state pension age before April 6, 2016 to get Savings Credit. Pension Credit recipients may also be automatically eligible for other benefits, such as: Britons will be eligible if they and their partner (if applicable) have both reached state pension age, or one of them is getting Housing Benefit for people over state pension age. If an applicant has a partner, they must include them on the application. Applicants will have their income assessed to determine if they are eligible for Pension Credit and how much they can get. There is a Pension Credit calculator available via the Government website which could help show someone if they are eligible for Pension Credit and how much they could get. To find out, users will need details of earnings, benefits and pensions as well as savings and investments. Britons can apply for Pension Credit online via the Government website, or by calling the claim line on 0800 99 1234. It is also possible to apply by post. This can be done by sending a completed claim form to The Pension Service.