There are many tips and hacks out there to help care for an orchid, but finding the ones that actually work can be tricky. Express.co.uk spoke to an expert from Burnham Nurseries about the best ways to care for an orchid, and whether the ice cube trick is how you should be watering an orchid. Phalaenopsis orchids make great houseplants because their temperature and light requirements are compatible with the environment found in a home or office. There is no doubt why these plants are so popular with their beautiful flowers and glossy green leaves, but caring for an orchid can be intimidating to some. One of the biggest challenges with potted Phalaenopsis orchids is proper watering. Ice cubes have been suggested as an easy way for orchid owners to provide a regular and consistent amount of water to prevent over- or under-watering. READ MORE: Houseplant hacks: 3 ways vinegar can help your plants thrive Sara from Burnham Nurseries spoke about the best ways to water an orchid, and which ones she recommends for orchids to bloom the most. She said: “Only water once the roots have dried out as being constantly wet can easily rot the roots. “Check every seven to 10 days and flush through the pot when it has dried out. “The clear pot will help you see if there is moisture still around the roots. DON'T MISS...Weight loss tips: How to get rid of a beer belly - 'Borrow calories' [PT TIPS]Rare coin set to fetch £1.5million at auction [UPDATE]How to save money on your energy bills - 10 tips [EXPERT] “Pour water from the top of the pot and allow to drain through, don’t let it stand in water. “For example half a pint of water will give a good watering.” As for whether she thinks the ice cube method is good for an orchid, she revealed: “Freezing water is not great for a tropical plant and could be a shock to the roots. “It is also not really enough to give in one go.” Many orchid owners also mist their plants frequently. Sara offered her opinion on this. She said: “Yes, it is definitely a good thing to mist orchids in the home as the atmosphere is quite dry in a house with central heating. “Mist leaves and aerial roots but avoid water on the flowers as they can get brown spots.” Burnham Nurseries Ltd is situated in picturesque South Devon and has been run by the Rittershausen Family since 1949, now in its third generation. They have the largest selection of orchid species and hybrids available in the UK and their unique nursery can be visited any time of the year. Burnham Nurseries also offers Orchid Masterclasses, which are full-day courses to help you learn all the basics when it comes to orchids. Alternatively, if you have a poorly orchid, or just need some advice on culture or repotting, then you can bring the plant along to one of their monthly Orchid Clinics.