Antonio Conte has given his biggest indication yet that he is keen to sign an extension to his current Tottenham contract. But the Italian has made it clear it will only happen if the club match his own ambitions this summer with actions and not just words. It has been a turbulent few months since Conte took the gamble of joining in November a club whose overtures he had originally turned down when they came knocking sx months earlier. Speculation emerged that the plug would be pulled on his deal in the summer with the pair parting ways with 12 months left to run on his initial 18-month contract. But with Harry Kane now seemingly more settled and back to his best form, and the two January signings Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur hitting the floor running in England, Conte is feeling better about Tottenham’s long-term chances of competing for the very highest prizes again. “For sure at the moment there is only one truth - I am committed to this club for another year,” he said. “The club wanted this type of situation and I accepted it because it was good to get to know each other. “After four months I think the club has understood the way I want to work and I understand the club. We have three more months till the end of the season to continue to improve our knowledge of each other and then to find the best solution for both. “I can tell you that I am enjoying working for this club and I would like to fight for something important for this club. “For sure it is true that I would like this - to fight for the future, to fight to be competitive, to fight to win and not only to finish fourth in the league, because I repeat, that is not my ambition. “My ambition is to be competitive and to fight to win. I want this and I know my heart, my soul, my mind wants these things. I hope myself and the club match each other in this situation.” The acid test of that will be how much more chairman Daniel Levy is willing to invest in the summer. Spurs travel to Manchester United full of confidence after their 5-0 win over Everton and the recent win against Manchester City. But Conte knows that only proper investment will enable Spurs  to compete with the other big clubs over the course of a season. “In January we showed that we have just started to try to improve the situation,” Conte said. “For sure, to be competitive and become stronger and win the league and to fight to stay in the top four, we need a big, big improvement. “We have started to do this with these players because we are working really well and in my opinion are improving a lot. “But for sure, you need in the future to take other important steps and to have ambition. “And it needs to be ambition with facts, not only with words. To become stronger…”