Manchester United have interviewed Erik ten Hag for the vacant managerial position at the end of the season. The Ajax coach might be the best manager to continue Ralf Rangnick’s fine work with wonderkid Anthony Elanga. Ten Hag would be the perfect manager to continue Rangnick’s brilliant coaching of Elanga, who has quickly become an important player at United this season. The Dutchman has been interviewed by John Murtough and Darren Fletcher at Old Trafford as they ramp up their efforts to hire a new boss. As well as the Ajax coach, the likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui will be spoken to. United are in no immediate rush to find a successor to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer but the quicker one is appointed, the better with an important transfer window coming up. But while there are several changes expected to come in the summer, one constant is the club’s reliance on their academy. In the past few years, several top stars have emerged including Marcus Rashford, Scott McTominay and Paul Pogba. And the latest off the Carrington production line is Elanga, who has seen his first-team football increase this season after the arrival of Rangnick on an interim basis. The German coach is known to favour exciting young talents and has done an excellent job with the 19-year-old. The Sweden Under-21 international has been in fine form since the arrival of Rangnick, scoring three times in 15 senior appearances. That includes a first-leg equaliser against Atletico Madrid at the Wanda Metropolitano. Whoever is hired to take the United job in the summer will no doubt be quizzed on their ability to train youngsters. And on that count, Ten Hag passes with flying colours. His Ajax side has been made up of brilliant talents throughout his reign, building a side that was a second away from the Champions League final back in 2019. That team, which included the likes of Matthijs de Ligt, Frenkie de Jong and Donny van de Beek, knocked out Real Madrid and Juventus before Lucas Moura scored for Tottenham to take the north London side to the final, only to lose to Liverpool. And while that side was ransacked of their players, Ten Hag went on to build a new team utilising the club’s academy. Ryan Gravenberch, Noussair Mazraoui, Jurrien Timber and Devyne Rensch are just a handful of those that have graduate from De Toekomst, with some being linked with multi-million moves away. For a player like Elanga, seeing the links United have with Ten Hag will surely excite him as he has proved many times that he can take a young player’s game to the next level. Rangnick will also likely give his thumbs-up to a manager that epitomises many of his football characteristics, that have inspired the likes of Jurgen Klopp and Thomas Tuchel.