Weeds can be annoying and hard to get rid of, and can appear in cracks in the driveway, on patio areas as well as around flower beds and borders. Common garden weeds include dandelions, purslane, lamb’s quarters, bindweed, and pigweed. Fortunately, gardening experts at Plants Heaven have shared a quick guide on how to use Epsom salt to kill garden weeds. Epsom salt, otherwise known as magnesium sulphate, has been used as a fertiliser by gardeners for many decades. It plays an important role in the healthy growth of plants. But surprisingly many gardeners recommend using Epsom salt as a useful agent for killing garden weeds. The gardening expert said: “Epsom salt can knock out waves of undesired weeds with the smallest amount of effort. READ MORE: Gardening: The ‘most effective’ solution for getting rid of all kinds “Plus, there are many various ways to make an Epsom salt-based weed killer and apply it efficiently and successfully. “Here’s how to use Epsom salt as a weed killer effectively.” The expert advised gardeners to mix Epsom salt, vinegar, and dish soap into a container, preferably a spray bottle and shake it up until properly blended. Once that is done, the solution needs to settle for two minutes, after which it can then be applied. DON'T MISS:How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas [INSIGHT]Gardening: The last chance gardening jobs to do BEFORE April [TIPS]Gardening: The banana peel hack ‘guaranteed’ to make plants ‘thrive’ [EXPERT] The gardening expert continued: “Ensure you soak the entire weed with the mixture and wait for a day to inspect and repeat until all the weeds are eliminated.” Experts at Westlab agreed with this method of killing weeds as they suggested this similar solution. They said: “Try mixing two cups of Epsom salt, one gallon of white vinegar, and a quarter cup of gentle washing up liquid. “Put into a spray bottle and spray weeds generously. “Leave for 24 hours and you’ll be amazed at the results.” The experts also suggested using Epsom salt for other gardening tasks. They explained how this mineral can be used to help achieve “greener, lusher lawns”. The experts said: “For greener, lusher lawns, give an annual treatment every spring by mixing two tablespoons of Epsom salts per gallon of water and watering the entire lawn. “Or, if you have a sprinkler system, simply sprinkle Epsom salts over the lawn and water in.” It was also noted that Epsom salts can be used whenever gardeners begin planting. The experts said: “To prepare for planting, put approx one tablespoon of Epsom salt into the hole, cover with a thin layer of soil then place the plant into the hole and fill with soil or compost. “Once planted, water plants with a solution made from one tablespoon of Epsom Salt mixed into one gallon of water.” For those who need to transfer plants the root ball can also be soaked in this solution prior to transplanting.