Notting Hill actor Hugh Grant has taken to Twitter to hit back at claims that he could be stepping up as the new Doctor Who following Jodie Whittaker's departure later this year. The award-winning actor, 61, was quick to respond to rumours that he is set to become the 14th Doctor in the popular BBC sci-fi series. In view of his 736,400 followers, the Love Actually star broke his silence on the matter. Hugh wrote: "Nothing against Dr W but I’m not. "No idea where the story came from," he added. It comes as The Daily Mirror reported that the Four Weddings and a Funeral actor could be fronting Doctor Who's "Marvel-style makeover" to pilot the TARDIS later this year. READ MORE: Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma Ahead of the BBC show's 60th anniversary in 2023, showrunner Russell T Davis is returning to the sci-fi series, and reports claimed he was "keen" for the actor to bring a "fresh feel" to the role. The insider claimed to the publication: "[Hugh] offers many attributes – great actor, British, award-winning, Hollywood A-lister and excellent at comedy. "Conversations are in progress." They went on: "The vision is that the show can be a Marvel-like product, building franchises around the Doctor and other key characters in his many lives." Hugh was reportedly previously offered the role of the timelord by screenwriter and producer Davis back in 2004. However, the director claimed to Digital Spy that the offer "never got past his agent". He told the publication: "Literally, I've wanted to work with Hugh Grant for decades. "We did ask him to be Doctor Who in 2004. I have to say, that never got past his agent. I told him this. He was completely oblivious," he added. DON'T MISS... Christopher Biggins claims Queen is 'largely confined to wheelchair' [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid turns heads in tight low-cut dress sparking frenzy [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan's 'lucrative' GMB exit explained by co-star Rob Rinder [UPDATE] Following Hugh's remarks on the matter, his fans took to the comments to weigh in on the rumours. Twitter user @_PigginTeaBreak wrote: "This might convince you…" before posting a clip of the star in his role as Prime Minister in Love Actually, dancing in Number 10 as the theme song of Doctor Who played. @Nevererdofher added: "Ahhh if you’re not being Dr Who then could you give Prime Minister a whirl?! "Look I know it was *just* a character and you had a script etc etc. But still, you’d do a FAR better job than the current guy," (sic) they added, while also referencing the star's role in the hit romance movie. @ContraHitch99 penned: "Dr Who right here," alongside a smiling snap of Miriam Margolyes. However, the idea of the Bridget Jones' Diary star taking on the role as the Doctor isn't that far-fetched, after having appeared in a spin-off version of the show two decades ago. Hugh starred in a Red Nose Day special, Doctor Who and the Curse of Fatal Death in 1999. He starred alongside Richard E. Grant, Jim Broadbent, Julia Sawalha and Joanna Lumley, who was the first woman to have played the role of the Doctor on the show.