During a recent episode of Antiques Road Trip, experts Charles Hanson and Raj Bisram toured the back roads of Wales and England in a 1970s campervan. During the BBC episode, the duo had to go head-to-head as they sought to find five treasures each, which would then go on to be sold at auction. The question is, who made the most profit? Charles ended up spending £385 on his five items, while Raj spent £232. Before the auction had begun, Charles told his co-star: “This could be a rollercoaster, and never say never. Let’s go.” First up was Raj’s 19th century Minton plates which he had picked up for a bargain price of £2.82. “I only paid £2.82,” Raj began to say before a shocked Charles questioned: “How much?” READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small: Helen Alderson radiant in wedding snaps Raj repeated: “£2.82, That’s all I had left, Charles.” As the auction got underway, the auctioneer began the bid at £20. “Get in,” Charles shouted in surprise before adding: “Wow!” “No!” Charles added as the price for the plates kept increasing. The experts couldn’t believe it as the bidding went beyond £50. “Wow,” Raj said in disbelief as his co-star replied: “That is incredible.” In the end, Raj’s plates sold for £65, making him a huge profit. “It was the name that sold it obviously,” Raj admitted after they were sold. “My goodness, that was a good result.” DON'T MISS...Law and Order SVU: Viewers hail 'powerful' statement about assault  [REACTION]Michael Mosley sparks uproar speculating Shane Warne's death [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow guest taken aback by value of vase used as a bin [INSIGHT] The next item to be auctioned was Charles’ silver tea set that he bought for £10. “This, I hope is a big find,” he said. “There might be tremors across Wales.” Much to his surprise, the auctioneer opened the bid at £100, and it quickly went up to £150 following a bid online. It didn’t stop there either as the tea set eventually sold for £260, making Charles a £250 profit. Charles’ most expensive item was a large dresser which he bought for £180. Despite being worried about what it would sell for, it was auctioned off for a staggering £300. After the auction was over, both Charles and Raj had made a huge profit on their items. Raj made £434, doubling the £200 he had to begin with, while Charles made a staggering £1,189, which was almost £700 more than he had when he started. Antiques Road Trip is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.