 Derry Girls is soon set to return to Channel 4 with its third and final series. However, one of the comedy’s stars, Nicola Coughlan, has revealed organising filming was no easy task. Opening up about the new season, the actress revealed filming delays caused her “stress” as she worried about conflicts with her other work.    Nicola has shot to fame in recent years with her role as Clare in Derry Girls raising her profile. She’s also seen success playing Penelope Featherington in Netflix’s smash hit period drama Bridgerton. However, her career accomplishments come with a downside as it now means her work schedule is busier, causing her concerns about clashes. In a recent interview, Nicola confessed she was left devastated when filming conflicts meant her role in the final series of Derry Girls had to be reduced. READ MORE: Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now?   The actress explained pandemic-related pushbacks led to an unfortunate filming overlap. Nicola confessed: “Last year was really difficult. I won't lie because, you know, at the best of times trying to manage different projects, it's such a push and pull. "We were meant to film Derry Girls in January 2021 and I was totally free, and they decided to push it again. “And that caused me insane stress because I was on [what] in the industry is called first call.   “So it means you have to go and do the show that you're on first call to, which was Bridgerton. “I was like 'Guys, can we just film it?’ and they were like, 'No, we're gonna wait.’ “And I was like, 'oh', so [we had to make] compromises happen in the script of Derry Girls. “It was devastating to me because I wanted to be in all of this. But compromises had to be made,” she explained. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Mandy star teases exit for Liv as she splits from Vinny [THEORY]Emmerdale struck by new race row as security guard is fired [MUST SEE]Saturday Kitchen guests change outfits after Matt Tebbutt jibe [WATCH]  Nicola revealed her character’s role in Derry Girls had to be altered as a result of the filming clash. She said: “They had to cut down my role somewhat, which was hard. Really, really hard. “But I think, you know, the fans of the show are going to be happy. “I think it's a really nice sign-off for the show,” the actress told Digital Spy.    A release date for Derry Girls season three has not yet been announced. However, the comedy is expected to air on Channel 4 later this year. A trailer for the new series was recently shared to fans, teasing the upcoming antics of troublemaking teenagers Erin, Orla, Clare, Michelle and James. Derry Girl seasons one and two are available on 4oD and Netflix. 