Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has left Jamie Redknapp red-faced after comments made by the former Liverpool midfielder resurfaced following Aubameyang’s match-winning performance in El Clasico. Ex-Arsenal striker Aubameyang scored twice and assisted another goal as Barcelona thrashed Real Madrid 4-0.   Aubameyang joined Barca at the end of the January transfer window after terminating his contract at Arsenal. The 32-year-old infamously fell out with head coach Mikel Arteta following disciplinary breach in December. The Gunners have performed well without Aubameyang and are favourites to take the final Champions League qualification spot in the Premier League. But Aubameyang is not doing too badly either, scoring nine times already for his new club. The former Borussia Dortmund star bagged a brace and an assist in his first El Clasico against Madrid. And in doing so, comments made by ex-England star Redknapp about Aubameyang being past his best have been made to look silly.   JUST IN: Lineker fires back at Neville after Man Utd hero slammed former club Redknapp and fellow Sky Sports pundit Micah Richards were discussing Arsenal’s 1-0 defeat by Manchester City in February 2021. “He (Aubameyang) had a moment when he tried to run past Stones and he just didn’t have the pace he had from two or three years ago,” said Richards before making more general observations about the regression of the Arsenal team at the time. Redknapp then added that he believed Aubameyang was beyond his best and was getting ‘bullied’ in games, saying: “I look at that (Arsenal) team and I’ve said it before, until you invest it’s a mismatch [between them and Man City]. “Look at the squads of the two teams. Look at the two centre-backs today, they did a good job. We’re talking about a team that is full of great players and a team where, okay, I look at Aubameyang… Aubameyang’s past his best.   DON'T MISS...Arsenal and Liverpool in transfer race for £35m Gakpo but face hurdleTottenham mind games emerge as Arsenal backed to finish in top fourMan Utd, Arsenal and Tottenham's remaining fixtures graded “He can have moments, he’s going to get his hat-tricks. When I watch him sometimes it’s like he’s lot his superpower. He would run past people when he first came to the Premier League. "I’d see him run past people at Dortmund. I see him now, I see a player who’s going to get bullied in every game.” Redknapp, though, did make one solid prediction, continuing: “[Bukayo] Saka and [Emile] Smith Rowe, they’re the ones leading the way. They’re the ones who have got to step up more.” Saka and Smith Rowe have become key parts of Arteta’s team in the 13 months since Redknapp’s comments. The young duo have scored a combined 20 goals this season.   