Michael Mosley explores the issue and proposes a plan to fix the "obesity crisis" in the UK before it affects the NHS. Michael Mosley explained the UK is the second most obese country in Europe. Over a million people were admitted into an NHS hospital last year after health complications due to obesity. The doctor claimed politicians are "not doing enough" to tackle this issue. According to the expert, one of the reasons behind the high levels of obesity may be the fast-food advertising and the food industry giants behind it. READ MORE: Jane McDonald weight loss: Singer lost 4st - here’s how  However, after submitting a petition, the UK Government explained there isn't enough evidence linking food advertising and the obesity rates in the country. Michael Mosley proposed a solution: to "severely restrict the advertising of junk food" as it worked with smoking after banning all tobacco advertising years ago. Recent research also points at the food industry, and in particular, the manufacturers of ultra-processed food. These are the foods people who are trying to lose weight fast should cut out completely, he explained.  "These are high calorie foods that are often packed with sugar, fat and salt, as well as chemical flavourings and preservatives. "They are designed to stimulate the reward circuits in our brains, so once we start eating them we find it really hard to stop," said the doctor. According to Michael Mosley, these foods should be removed from the diet completely: "Ultra processed foods include chicken nuggets, burgers, chips, pizzas, hotdogs, pre-packaged meals, mass-produced ice cream, sweets, crisps, energy bars, bakery goods, biscuits, margarine and pretty well anything that says ‘instant'. "That is instant noodles, soups and desserts." Dr Mosley also claimed the Government doesn't have enough schemes available to tackle the problem. For instance, the NHS food scanner app, which is supposed to give dieters healthier alternatives, was not proven successful when used by a young family during the show. Michael Mosley also believed the NHS weight loss programme has been unsuccessful after most participants only lost three pounds in 12 weeks. "It's not good news," he said.  Jamie Oliver also appeared on the show as he vigorously promoted the sugar tax which was introduced in 2018. The sugar tax was designed to force manufacturers to reduce the high quantities of sugar in their products. Michael Mosley said the sugar tax "did make a difference".