Gabrielle from Sheffield shared her weight loss journey with Express.co.uk, outlining why she decided to lose weight and how she did it. The slimmer said she had been trying to lose weight for “as long as I can remember”, but the start of the transformation “really” began in January 2020. Gabrielle explained: “I wanted to feel better about myself and have more confidence. “I wanted to feel fitter and become stronger and like what I see in the mirror. “And I also needed to do it to help with my endometriosis symptoms.” The 28-year-old went on to say that she was already “calorie counting and going to the gym but not seeing much progress”. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to get rid of limescale on taps Therefore, she decided to work with personal trainer Diren Kartal from Project X Fitness. “I signed up to do one-to-one coaching sessions with Diren to be held accountable to my daily actions and know if and what I was doing wrong to help me actually get the results I was after,” Gabrielle explained. “I didn't cut any food out of my diet, I just counted my calories. “If I wanted a chocolate that day, I had it and just picked one that stuck within that target. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean floor tile grout [SOCIAL]'Blown my mind': Cleaners go wild for baking soda trick to clean a pan [EXPLAINER]‘Dust doesn’t stick to them’: The 25p skirting board cleaning hack [ANALYSIS] “If I went over because, say, I wanted a McDonald’s or something, I just had slightly less the next day and smashed my steps and training. “I’d been through various diets of cutting various foods out before and it’s just not sustainable or enjoyable for me.” Gabrielle went on to say that meal plans “are not for me” either. She explained: “I tried them with another coach before but it wasn’t realistic or sustainable for me and my goals. “I just had what I wanted that fit within my calories and made small swaps to help me hit my protein target I was given which would help with my satiety levels and smashing my training sessions. “I added in more salad and vegetables for volume, built my meals around a good source of protein, and swapped out some of my snacks for the lower calorie versions.” As well as following a gym programme provided by Diren three times a week, Gabrielle did yoga with a yoga teacher also from Project X Fitness, and “upped my steps”. By June 2020, she said she was averaging between 20,000 to 30,000 steps a day. “I was also adding in a run or two a week at that point not even to lose weight, but for my mental health. Something I never saw happening.” Not only did Gabrielle’s physical health improve when she lost weight, but so did her mental health. The 28-year-old continued: “My mental health started improving tenfold as I was losing weight, exercising more and generally looking after myself better. “I started January 2020 on a high dose of antidepressants and quite frankly, in a bad place. “I came off antidepressants in January 2021 and am still off them now. “If I feel myself starting to dip now, I take myself out for a walk first and foremost in the fresh air. “Then if that doesn't work, I'll make sure I'm doing whatever else I can to keep myself out of the place I was in in 2019 and the beginning of 2020.” She added: “This really has changed my life in so many ways and I'll never be able to thank Diren enough for his support and guidance through it all as well as myself for getting the help I needed.” At the beginning of her weight loss journey, Gabrielle was a size 16, but she now fits into size 12 clothing and has lost an impressive 8kg.