The average adult spends £121 per year on items to improve their home’s aroma – from vacuum scent bags to lemons and onions, and even bread-scented candles. The research, commissioned by Scentsy, found when having company over, half said their homes must smell better beforehand, and 22 percent hold off having guests over at all if their abode isn’t up to scratch. The worst smells that can stop people from hosting include smoke (40 percent), pets (40 percent), and sink water (39 percent). While others hate the smell of burnt cooking (37 percent) and even kids (14 percent). Instead, people would prefer to be greeted with something floral (55 percent), sweet (25 percent), or savoury (13 percent) when visiting someone’s home. But one in four (26 percent) don’t really care about other people’s properties, while 64 percent will continue hosting regardless of the state of their own pad. However, two-thirds (65 percent) admit they judge others by how clean their homes are. Overall, 45 percent love how their own home smells, and 47 percent are used to the familiar aroma as they walk in the door. A spokesman for Scentsy said: “Fragrance is processed in the brain’s olfactory bulb, which is why it’s so closely tied to memory. “Senses like touch, vision and auditory stimulus are processed through a completely different part of the brain. That’s why smells are often more powerful than any other human sense.” More than a quarter (29 percent) of Brits have given their home a “signature scent” – described as their favourite candle (40 percent), floral (40 percent), their cooking (34 percent), or sweet (29 percent). Their home’s scent makes them feel relaxed (60 percent), happy (45 percent), and even nostalgic (26 percent). But over half (53 percent) of those polled, via OnePoll, said their entire day can be improved when they surround themselves with a good odour. A further seven in ten of those who occasionally work from home said their workspace is more enjoyable if their home smells good. Similarly, 56 percent of people said doing chores around the home is more enjoyable if their home smells pleasant. Scentsy’s spokesman added: “When you’re feeling low or having trouble focusing, the right scent can make you feel more alert and proactive.” TOP FIVE THINGS PEOPLE CARE ABOUT MOST WHEN HAVING GUESTS OVER: HOW A SIGNATURE SCENT MAKES PEOPLE FEEL: