Mercedes chief Toto Wolff has appeared to raise a concern over Lewis Hamilton's car during the second day of testing in Bahrain. Mercedes' new W13 car caused plenty of controversy on the first day of testing on Thursday. But it appears Wolff may not be totally happy with it either. Red Bull team principal Christian Horner was one key figure to question the legality of the radical 'no sidepod' look to Mercedes' new car. The appearance of the W13 was dramatically different to what Mercedes unveiled at Barcelona last month. Wolff confirmed Mercedes were in contact with the FIA throughout the development stage to ensure no regulations were broken. But the Austrian appears to have a few doubts of his own about the performance of the car.  Sky Sports pundit Martin Brundle was trackside for the second day of testing in Bahrain. And he revealed a private conversation he and fellow pundit Naomi Schiff had with Wolff. Wolff asked how his rivals' cars were performing, with Brundle claiming the 50-year-old seemed "concerned". Brundle said: "Before we came out here [to the circuit], Naomi Schiff, who's working with us on Sky F1 this year, we went in and had a chat with Toto and interestingly he said to us 'how did the other cars look?'.  "He wanted to know, almost as if he was concerned. "I don't think anyone out there is super confident that they've absolutely nailed this. "But of course the Ferrari keeps turning up at the top of the screens doesn't it, or near the top of the screens. "And there's no doubt about it, those drivers seem to be, and it's something I said yesterday, they seem to be with the car.  "They don't seem to be 10 metres behind the car like so many of the drivers are until they get this new era package sorted, which may even be next year yet before they start getting a handle of this." Alpine's Esteban Ocon was the quickest in the morning session of testing, ahead of Ferrari's Charles Leclerc. Hamilton's Mercedes team-mate George Russell was ninth-fastest before the 37-year-old takes to the track later in the day. The first race of the 2022 season begins next week in Bahrain. 