Stuart (played by Ricky Champ) was reluctant to trust medical advice after he became concerned about a possible painkiller addiction relapse. He also got drawn into using unorthodox methods of "curing" the cancer. Rainie (Tanya Franks) has been begging the EastEnders undertaker to see sense, and after a push from both Bernie Taylor (Clair Norris) and his nan Vi Highway (Gwen Taylor), Stuart had a change of heart. Will his worst fears be realised though if there are complications during surgery? Stuart and Rainie have been desperate for a baby, and Bernie Taylor had agreed to be their surrogate. The pregnant teenager found the pressure of living close to the pair during pregnancy too much, and she left a number of months ago. A heavily pregnant Bernie made a return earlier this week though, and knowing she wouldn't look too kindly on Stuart's dismissal of medical advice, the couple kept Stuart's cancer from her. However, as she gave birth to a baby boy, Rainie's guilt ate away at her and she explained everything to Bernie. The latter gave Stuart an ultimatum: he either has surgery for breast cancer or he and Rainie can't have the baby. READ MORE: Where is Bargain Hunt's Anita Manning from? After Bernie brought home the baby, Stuart and Rainie visited her to see if she'd made a decision. "You said yesterday we were going to be fine," Bernie tearfully stated. "You said you weren't going nowhere - that's not true. If you don't get the treatment you need, you're not going to be fine." She argued: "You're not going to be around for the baby or Raine." Later, Bernie allowed Rainie to hold the baby, and suggested trying to talk to Stuart once again. "You're a good kid, but you made the right call," Rainie admitted. "Maybe he just never really wanted to be a dad as much as I thought he did. Looking at the newborn, Rainie added: "Perhaps I could be your auntie Rainie, give your mum a rest when you drive her mad." She began to cry as she started to say goodbye to the baby, but at that moment Stuary rushed in. Vi had persuaded him to get the surgery, and he was keen to let Rainie know as soon as possible. DON'T MISS... Married at First Sight's Olivia and Jackson appear to confirm romance [LATEST]Piers Morgan savages woke brigade in new rant [VIDEO]Kate Garraway's Caring for Derek misses out on BAFTA nomination [BAFTAs] "This is everything we've ever wanted, and I ain't going to let you down, neither of you," he promised his wife. "I'm going to have the surgery. I can do it, because I've got you two." Rainie was delighted, but the troubled woman had been saying in Wednesday's episode how things "never work out" for her. When Bernie decided not to allow the couple to have the baby unless Stuart gets treatment, Rainie agreed with the decision, and She again voiced that she can't have certain things other people have - could this foreshadow a dark turn in Stuart's story though? Perhaps something will go wrong when Stuart has the surgery, and Rainie will end up having to raise the baby alone. Bernie was terrified by the thought of Stuart not being around to be a father, but there's no guarantee he will overcome the illness after waiting so long to take action. Could the popular character make a tragic exit from the BBC soap? Stuart first arrived in Walford in 2018, and has established himself as a firm favourite with viewers. Since his arrival, he has reformed himself from a violent criminal to a family-oriented and friendly local. His relationship with Rainie has had highs and lows, and now they have their baby it seems they might get their happy ending. Fans would be devastated if Stuarts ends up dying, especially as Rainie has already lost so much recently. With the surgery imminent though, could things end up going very wrong? Eastenders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One.