  Summer Warne, 20, took to Instagram yesterday to pay tribute to her dad Shane Warne, who died of a suspected heart attack on Friday. Shane’s ex-fiancée Elizabeth Hurley, 56, reached out to the sport star’s youngest daughter following the heartbreaking post.      Cricket legend Shane Warne died on Friday at the age of 52 while on holiday in Thailand. His daughter Summer shared a series of pictures and memories she shared with her late dad on Instagram, including photographs from when she was just a little girl. Liz left a comment on the heartbreaking post, writing: “I love you, Summer. Your daddy worshipped you [heart emoji].” Next to the collection of photographs and videos, Summer wrote: “There [are] no words. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update      “It feels like I'm dreaming, waiting for someone to wake me up and tell me that you’re okay. “This can’t be real life. There’s no way that life is this cruel to the most beautiful people on this earth. “There’s no way that I will never hear your soft voice again telling me that ‘everything is going to be okay’ or how ‘proud’ you are of me, or simply saying ‘goodnight’ or ‘good morning SJ I’ll see you in the morning, I love you…’ “Moments before the world took you away from me, we were jamming to Summer of 69 and I’ve had the time of my life.      “Talking about how much you loved that song and seeing your smile light up the whole room while we danced and couldn’t stop laughing at each other. “God you made me laugh dad. Little did I know that was the last time I would ever see you dad,” Summer continued in her heartbreaking statement. “I’d do anything to hear that laugh again, anything to hear your voice, anything to have one of your cuddles, anything to be with you again just one last time. “I wish in your final moments before you went off to heaven and before you took your last breath that I could tell you everything was going to be okay, and to hold your hand and tell you how much I love and look up to you. READ MORE... BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint [INSIGHT] Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] ‘Doesn’t do it for a Range Rover’ James Martin defends Amanda Owen [LATEST]   “I took our time for granted dad and I would do anything to have more time with you on this earth. “Our time was robbed and I wish you would come back to me. You may not be alive dad, but you will forever live inside my heart. “I will cherish the memories till my time is up on this earth and I am reunited with you again. “I love you dad, forever and always will be my Father no matter where you are. Love your little girl SJ and I will continue to make you proud.” (sic)       There has been an outpouring of tributes to Shane following the news of his death and various flowers and cars have been left outside Melbourne Cricket Ground in his memory. On Sunday, Liz Hurley posted pictures of herself with the late sportsman to Instagram, writing in view of her 2.3 million followers: “I feel like the sun has gone behind a cloud forever.” Shane was said to have been enjoying a 'lads' holiday' in Koh Samui when friends found him unconscious in a villa at the resort on Friday. The former Australian leg-spinner died from "natural causes", his autopsy has confirmed, and the world has been coming to terms with the loss of one of sport’s greatest figures.   