The Duke of Sussex will not be returning to the UK for his grandfather Prince Philip’s memorial service, a spokesperson confirmed on Friday. The decision comes amid the prince’s legal battle with the Home Office over his personal security. Last month, Harry’s legal team told a court that the Duke “does not feel safe” bringing his family to the UK without police protection. Harry will not join other members of the Royal Family at Westminster Abbey on March 29, but does plan to visit the Queen as soon as possible, the spokesperson told royal reporter Omid Scobie. The Duke’s relationship with his grandmother is said to have remained close, despite his exit from the Firm with his wife Meghan Markle in 2020. At the time, there were reports that Harry had “blindsided” the Queen with his decision to step down from his position as a senior royal. However, during the now-infamous interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021, the prince said that he and the Queen had discussed the exit three separate times before it became public knowledge. Harry said: “I've spoken more to my grandmother in the last year than I have done for many, many years. "My grandmother and I have a really good relationship. And an understanding. And I have a deep respect for her. She's my Colonel-in-Chief, right? She always will be." The Duke of Sussex announced last year his plans to release a memoir discussing the "highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned" in his life so far. He has been warned that the release of the book could exacerbate tensions with the Royal Family, particularly because it coincides with the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee year. However, speaking on last week’s episode of Royally Obsessed, royal commentator Omid Scobie claimed that Harry wants his book to celebrate the life and reign of Her Majesty. He said: “Harry really is going out of his way to make sure that there isn’t material in there [the book] that can be seen as negative towards the Queen or her reign in any way whatsoever, and he really wants to celebrate her life and his relationship with her in that book. “I think as much as the press want this to be a burn book and an attack on the institution, this is more just about his story, and of course his story is so much more than just the few years of his life as the Duke of Sussex. “I think for people expecting that warts and all moment, it’s not going to happen. That said, it’s still going to be fascinating.” DON'T MISS:Harry was 'fighting back tears' after Commonwealth Day snub claim[OPINION]Queen boost as 'string of countries' looked to join Commonwealth[INSIGHT]Prince Harry's security demands assessed: 'Wrong direction'[ANALYSIS] Harry’s memoir is due to be published later this year. It is expected to explore Harry's childhood, his time in the military and his marriage to Meghan. There has been speculation that the book will also address family issues and arguments in detail. In February, a friend of the prince told the Daily Mirror that the bombshell book will reveal his feelings about Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. The friend said: “Although tensions have eased between the two of them [Harry and Camilla] over the years, it was more for a show of unity than a close relationship. “There were big problems at the start, but as Harry and his brother William aged and matured, things got better and they can now co-exist as adults. “They were never close with her and they still aren’t.” They added: “He’s writing a book. He’s got a multi-million-pound book deal and he’s keeping a lot of his opinions for that. The memoir deal states that it should include personal details of personal and family arrangements. "And it will be a really intimate take on his feelings about his family and what has gone in the breakdown of the relationship. “If they think that he’s gone soft, then they are mistaken. “Just wait for the book to come out because that will shake the monarchy to the core.” Royal insiders said the book's announcement caused a "tsunami of fear" among courtiers and Royal Family members. There have been concerns that Harry’s book will overshadow the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee — the first of any British monarch. Grant Harrold, a former royal butler, told the Express.co.uk last year: "It'll be covered in the press, bits pulled out of course that are the strongest parts of it, it'll be discussed and it could potentially be all about the same time. "So I think the thing is, it could overshadow it and only time will tell.”