It would mean a change of law but if it happened Ukrainian refugees fleeing Putin’s bombs could be put up in either Abramovich’s London mansion, his £22m Chelsea Thameside penthouse or his other palatial apartment nearby. Ditto for all the other oligarchs who own property. And why not? These billionaires, have been making obscene amounts of money out of Britain for years. Abramovich alone has a property portfolio here worth more than £150m. Why shouldn’t we now grab some of that back to help the families their friend Putin’s bombs are currently killing and making homeless? But I worry that even though Boris has said Britain is ready to welcome thousands of refugees here – that we actually are. Ready, I mean. The Government’s Homes For Ukraine Scheme is a brilliant idea borne out of the big-heartedness of the British people. But it is voluntary and depends on people being able to take a Ukrainian family into their homes. Yes, record numbers have applied to help but realistically how many families have the space, the money or the means to house another family – or members of a family? And this isn’t just about money or space. It’s about the state these families will be in. Many won’t just need a roof over their heads. They’ll be traumatised having lost or had to leave behind family and friends. We’re told the Government is giving a £350 a month “Thank You” to those families taking in refugees. Which makes it sound like it’s being incredibly generous when actually it isn’t. That money is peanuts in terms of the actual cost of taking care of a family when you take into account the extra food, heating, water and lighting that will be needed. If the Government was putting those refugees up in rented accommodation or hotels if would cost £350 a day not a month. And that payment is if you take in one Ukrainian or an entire family who must be allowed to stay with their host for at least six months – a huge commitment for most people. More importantly we’re in the midst of a cost of living crisis and just how far would £350 go in terms of extra food and the soaring cost of heating, lighting etc. The fact is it’ll barely touch the sides. More than 40 percent of people surveyed in a poll said they’d really like to give refugees shelter but simply don’t have the space which is entirely understandable. I have no doubt they’ll help or are already helping in other ways. On top of that the millions in donations raised so far has been nothing short of phenomenal. But as much as many want to give shelter to refugees the reality is they can’t. And that being the case – what other plans does the Government have in place to take of the 200,000 Boris says might come here? Because as I said in my column at the weekend while the British people want to help the Government must not make it their sole responsibility. Other plans need to be quickly put in place – accommodation found, money put aside, school places sorted. But already I see a divide happening between those who say they will take in a refugee and those who won’t. Or can’t. It’s already being used as a weapon to batter politicians with. Every time a minister or an MP is interviewed on TV now they’re being asked whether they’ll take in a refugee. Those who can’t or won’t say are viewed as both uncaring or hypocritical – the implication being that you’re not allowed to say you care about Ukrainians if you’re not prepared to take them into your own home. Then there are those who say they will and are hailed as big-hearted heroes. But that’s not what this is supposed to be about. The Ukrainian people and their hellish plight must not be used to by politicians or those in the media to score political points. Nor must someone inability to house refugees be seen as a condemnation of their character. Kindness is about giving what you can. It shouldn’t be about judging those who can’t. It’s good that the Government has now relaxed the rule that stopped Ukrainians from working here. These are a proud people. They will want to work and not be totally dependent on what the State decides to give them. Let’s not forget – they don’t actually want to be here. They’d rather be in their own homes in Ukraine. But what they do want here is some kind of normality and normality would usually include working. That way they make some money, they meet people. They stop feeling like dependents and become part of a community which is how we want them to feel. Boris Johnson says Britain is ready for thousands of refugees. Well, if we are it would be good to know what other plans his Government has in place to give shelter to these beleaguered people other than depending on the generosity of Britons to take them all in – because that’s just not possible. The fate of these desperate people cannot become the sole responsibility of the British public. This Government has to do its bit – more than its bit. And it needs to tell us pretty sharpish what that’s going to be!