Cam Norrie may have been knocked out of the Miami Open already, but the Brit will have a close eye on Hubert Hurkacz's match against Daniil Medvedev this evening. Norrie has been rising the rankings ever since the start of 2021 having enjoyed a breakout year last season. His first ATP title came at the Los Cabos Open and then secured the biggest win of his career at Indian Wells last year after beating Nikoloz Basilashvili in the final. Norrie has carried that form over into 2022, winning the Delray Beach Open before reaching the final in Acapulco only to lose to Rafael Nadal. He entered the Miami Open with a chance of breaking into the top 10 on the ATP Tour for the first time in his career. A defeat to Casper Ruud in the round-of-16 hurt his chances, but there remains a chance of Norrie climbing up to ninth in the rankings still. Hurkacz is the defending champion in Miami and if the Polish star fails to replicate his success from last year then Norrie will climb above him. Medvedev stands in Hurkacz's way of progressing to the semi-finals as the pair meet this evening. JUST IN: Djokovic 'won't have sponsorship issue' as his brother speaks out  All three matches between the two tennis stars have gone the distance with Hurkacz recording an impressive victory over the Russian tennis ace at Wimbledon last year. But Medvedev has won the last two matches against Hurkacz at the Canadian Open and ATP Finals. Medvedev will have his own agenda in wanting to get past Hurkacz with the world No 1 spot also up for grabs. Novak Djokovic was unable to compete in the 'Sunshine Double' due to vaccination laws, giving Medvedev the chance to extend his previous lead over the Serbian. DON'T MISS  The 26-year-old suffered a disappointing exit at Indian Wells in the early rounds, but has returned to top form this week in Miami. And a win over Hurkacz will move him back into top spot in the rankings ahead of the clay court season. But Andy Roddick has warned Medvedev that Hurkacz will be far from an easy test this evening. "Every time they've played, they've played three tough matches," Roddick said. "It's gone the distance every single time. Hurkacz matches up well and what he does bothers Medvedev a little bit. He's got that bumper serve, he can take Medvedev's off-pace balls and go after them. We don't talk about Hurkacz's movement as much as some of the other people, he moves really well for his size. I'm excited to see it all, but I would still love to see Medvedev and Alcaraz in the semi-final."