State pension payments are relied upon by millions and will increase by 3.1 percent from next month. However, this is not the increase many Britons were hopeful for, particularly as an eight percent increase was originally predicted. The Government temporarily scrapped the triple lock this year due to fears it would be unaffordable because of warped earnings data. But pensioners were given fresh hope on the state pension as new inflation predictions were announced by the Bank of England. It is thought inflation will reach eight percent by the spring, and higher later in the year - a marked difference from the peak expected initially in April. However, if inflation is high in September 2022 it could mean a bumper increase for pensioners next year. READ MORE: State pension: Women may miss out on £50,000 due to 'car crash' error   Steven Cameron, Pensions Director at Aegon, said this could be the “highest increase ever” for pensioners. Despite these predictions, Britons have expressed their dissatisfaction regarding the triple lock. Some Express.co.uk readers said they are not happy with the idea of waiting for a potentially substantial increase next year. Many believe delayed gratification is not the answer in the face of a cost of living crisis. DON'T MISSState pensioners may receive ‘highest increase ever’ next year [ANALYSIS]‘Welcome relief’ for pensioners in interest rate decision [UPDATE]Rishi Sunak could SLASH pension tax-free cash in looming statement [INSIGHT] The user ‘Naggypants’ wrote: “It’s easy to say pensioners should be better off next year with the triple lock back in place. “But it should never have been taken away from people this year. “Gas, electric and good had already gone up and it’s going up again from April 1. Pensioners need more money now.” WR2 remarked: “Not good enough Sunak! Stop doing things next year. “This year you blocked the triple lock rise, so the eight percent next year would be eight percent of a figure that is less than it should be. “Why don’t you give us the equivalent of the living wage instead of cutting us back?” While Pessimisticmiss said: “All well and good, but they should unfreeze this year’s triple lock immediately!” RedToon1892 was also unconvinced, and said: “April 1 already is it? All they will do is extend the freeze. It doesn’t take a crystal ball to see that.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The Government has vowed to reintroduce the triple lock mechanism from next year onwards. A DWP spokesperson recently told Express.co.uk: “The one-year move to temporarily suspend the Triple Lock ensures fairness for both pensioners and taxpayers, and follows action we took last year to protect pensioner incomes. “We know this has been a challenging time for many people, which is why we’re providing support worth around £12billion this financial year and next to help households across the country with the cost of living. “A further £9billion was recently announced by the Chancellor to protect against the impact of rising global energy prices.” Last year, the Government passed legislation to increase the state pension, action it was explained was taken despite earnings growth falling and a half a percentage point increase in inflation. The Government asserts if this action was not taken, then the state pension would have been frozen.