Crown Prince Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahyan spoke to President Putin on Tuesday to discuss the conflict in Ukraine and its impact on energy. Sheikh Mohamed was briefed by Putin on “the developments of the crisis with Ukraine”, the Emirates News Agency reported. The Crown Prince stressed the need for a “peaceful solution that guarantees the interests and national security of all parties.” The two leaders also reportedly agreed on the importance of preserving stability in the global energy market as international sanctions on Russia imposed in response to the conflict in Ukraine struck Russia’s economy. A statement from the Kremlin press service said: "[The sides] addressed the situation around Ukraine. Vladimir Putin outlined the reasons, goals and objectives of the Russian special military operation in Ukraine.” It added: "In turn, Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan reaffirmed that Russia has a right to ensure national security.” The United Arab Emirates (UAE) has so far been reluctant to condemn the Russian invasion since Kremlin troops entered Ukraine last Thursday. READ MORE: United Nations security body has ‘limited leverage’ in Ukraine war The UAE abstained from a vote to condemn Moscow’s invasion at the United Nations Security Council on Friday, joining China and India. Russia was the only country to veto the resolution which was supported by the remaining 11 countries in the council. Soon after the vote, Anwar Gargash, the diplomatic adviser to President Khalifa Bin Zayed Al-Nahyan, tweeted that the UAE "believes that taking sides would only lead to more violence.” He said that the UAE’s priorities were to encourage all parties to adopt diplomacy and negotiation to find a political settlement. The UAE has reportedly come under pressure from the US for not directly blaming Russia for the conflict in Ukraine. DON'T MISS:Truss crushes Belarus as UK directly targets officials with sanctions [LATEST]What is a vacuum bomb? Claims Russia used thermobaric weapon [INSIGHT]Final death knell for Nord Stream 2: Firm goes bankrupt [BREAKING]  According to US Secretary of State Antony Blinken’s office, Abu Dhabi’s Crown Prince spoke to Mr Blinken on the phone on Thursday. The pair discussed “Russia’s premeditated, unprovoked and unjustified attack against Ukraine”, according to Mr Blinken’s office. However, a later statement released by the UAE said that the two were discussing “bilateral strategic relations and ways of strengthening joint cooperation.” There was no mention of Ukraine or Russia. Russia is a key trading partner for the UAE. The UAE is Russia’s largest economic partner in the wider Gulf Cooperation Council, with total trade between the two countries last year estimated at $4billion.