Each week, fans tune into The Repair Shop thanks to its regular cast including Jay Blades, Will Kirk, Dominic Chinea and Suzie Fletcher. The BBC restoration show has continued to warm the hearts of many since its first episode dating back to 2013. For one of the programme's younger experts, Dominic, his regular appearances on the show can sometimes prove to be a struggle after he detailed one of his “testing” restorations and highlighted the challenge to fans on social media. Taking to Instagram, Dominic said: “I hope you enjoyed tonight’s episode of the repair shop? “Here’s a few more details along the way.. “The try your strength machine was definitely testing!" Dominic shared a snap of the item and captioned it: “A very fun restoration.” (sic) READ MORE:Ex-US VP Quayle warns of dire consequences 'We're on brink of WW3!'  Later, the set designer was flooded with comments from doting fans who wanted to express their admiration over his latest project. @joycejordan195801 gushed: “Brilliant restoration Dom, so pleased you took it back to its original colour it looked fantastic. “You did a lot of hard work with the strength machine & it certainly was a winner.” (sic) While @lucy_loopylass agreed: “Another beautiful restoration.  They continued: “I loved that you all got to try it out at the end.” One BBC viewer hinted at a new career path for Dominic, who had started his career working as a graphic designer. @Johnnyd_cm suggested: “As usual, a sterling job done. “The usual care and attention to detail. We are so not worthy!” they added before they cheekily asked: “When can you be PM?”  The “try your weight machine”, which is also known as a strength tester, or strongman game was an attraction used in funfairs, amusement parks, fundraisers, and carnivals. During the episode, Marie Heemsom brought in the cast-iron contraption that belonged to her late husband Robert who died of cancer when their twins were just 10-years-old. Marie was eager to see the machine restored back to its former glory so her children still have a memento from the father’s life. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Dom detailed the challenge which lay ahead: "It definitely goes down in history as the heaviest thing we've ever had here.   “It's the biggest, heaviest, most challenging thing I've fixed anyway,” he explained. Viewers were moved to tears after the expert unveiled the machine he had worked so hard on in the BBC workshop. @katesinthegarden confessed: “It was brilliant, we loved your restoration of that machine. "The lady who owned it was incredibly brave telling her story.   “I just love watching your programmes,” they beamed. Before landing his job at The Repair Shop, Dominic worked with prolific photographer Rankin as a production designer, building props and backdrops for sets on editorial shoots and large events. Despite his years of experience at the popular show, Dominic still feared his work may not live up to its expectations. Speaking about Marie’s restoration, the expert revealed: "It's not fake, she's [Marie] not seen it before and that's why, that moment before we pull this blanket off, even now after five years of doing this, I still get the same butterflies in my stomach and anxious nervousness, every single time." The Repair Shop airs Wednesdays at 8pm on BBC One.