As spring is soon upon us, mowing the lawn will be a vital job for all gardeners. Mowing is the key to a healthy lawn as each cut encourages the grass to grow more thickly, creating a luxuriant look. It also blocks out weeds and makes the grass more hard-wearing. Cutting the grass can take up quite a lot of time in the growing season, so it's worth making sure that you're doing it properly. Lawns are largely ignored in winter due to poor weather and cooler temperatures. But as the seasons change and the temperature warms up, lawns need more care. Whether you are a a green fingered enthusiast or new to the world of gardening, gardening specialists at Flymo have shared how gardeners can get the best out of their lawns this spring. The gardening experts have explained how gardeners should follow ‘the one third rule’ when mowing their grass for the first time. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 6p hack to clean burnt oven door glass They said: “When cutting your lawn for the first time you should always follow the one third rule. “Never cut more than a third of the blade of grass in one go, as cutting more than this can stress the grass. “You should gradually reduce the grass length over a number of weeks to reach the desired length.” With the weather warming up soon and the constant possibility of rain, it can make grass blades shoot up so fast that you can almost watch your lawn grow. DON'T MISS:White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it [INSIGHT]Gardening: Use newspaper hack to permanently’ prevent weeds growing [EXPERT]Lawn weeds: The ‘easiest’ way to remove clover weeds from your lawn [TIPS] With this vigorous growth, it's tempting to set your mower to its lowest height to avoid frequent mowing. However, the experts noted how gardeners need to avoid cutting their grass “too short” straight away. They said: “Cutting the grass too short, too fast is known as ‘scalping’ which can lead to disease and weed infestation.” They also advised gardeners on how to cut new grass without causing any damage.  The gardening experts said: “New grass that has been grown from the seed will be noticeably weaker than the rest of the lawn and can be easily damaged if cut incorrectly. “It’s best to wait until the grass has grown over three inches in length until mowing for the first time to allow it time to build up strength.” Typically, it is suggested to give the lawn its first cut when the grass is 7-8cm tall. This will encourage the plants to grow more shoots from the base and will thicken your lawn up nicely. Usually forgotten about, lawn edges are essential to maintain, especially on the first cut of the year. The experts advised: “Don’t forget about the edges when cutting your lawn for the first time. “Overgrown edges can look unsightly and can mean time and effort spent working in the garden has been in vain. “The Flymo Contour Cordless 20V makes trimming the borders a quick and easy task as the battery-powered device ensures tangled cables and extension leads are a thing of the past, borders are neat, tidy and most importantly straight.”