Tarot reader Kerry King explained: "Aries is the first sign of the zodiac, ruled by Mars, represented by the ram, and governed by the fire element. Aries people are brave, passionate, energetic, charismatic, competitive and go-getting. They can also be demanding, selfish, over-emotional and jealous." Zodiac site Horoscope.com predicted "a letter or phone call regarding money that you may be expecting may still not come" on March 24. "This could put you in a panic and cause you to want to phone those responsible to see what's going on. Don't be surprised if you end up playing phone tag. "This just isn't a good day for any sort of communication. Your call will come. Just hang in there for a day or two more." In terms of love, the zodiac site said "this could be a great day for meeting all kinds of people". READ MORE: Prince William stands with hands on hips in Caribbean for key reason  It continued: "If you are seeking that special relationship, then it is even more perfect. But make sure you get out to make new friends. Conversation is key here. "Not that you are usually at a loss for words in any way - but today you will probably be even more witty and charming than usual." Horoscope.com also shared its career prediction for the sign and said "success is within Aries' reach" this week. The zodiac site explained: "You are like a pile of dry tinder and suddenly someone has walked up with a spark in his eye.   "A flame ignites - and together, you are ready to make major change. "The fire created is urging you on to be more ambitious. Success is within your reach." For health, Horoscope.com advised Arias to "stick to the routine". "You are always happy to drop the old and start anew, but sometimes it's worth it. "Do you have a health routine? This is an important discipline for you to adhere to, because of your natural tendency to dream about the future and forget about the present. In the present, you must pay attention to the adequate administering of healthy food and plenty of water. Unless you still live with your mom, your health is up to you!" If water isn't Aries' first choice of drink, experts at slush company Snowshock recommended "a scrumptious slushie", which they revealed is the most compatible drink with Aries. They explained: "Strong-minded and delightful all year round, Aries are the slushies of the star signs. You can’t be defined by one flavour, and your varied personality represents a number of slush syrups. "Aries are as influential as raspberry and unique as sour apple. If you see someone drinking a slushie, you’ll instantly want one – this encapsulates the innate leadership prowess of Aries." For the rest of the week, Aries can expect changes in their life. Horoscope.com said: "You’ve been thinking a lot about your goals lately, and you’re finally going to make some changes when Mercury in Pisces forms a sextile with Pluto in Capricorn on Saturday. "Whether you’ve decided to switch careers, join a new company, or start a business, you’re ending one chapter and starting another. "Continue to be bold when Mercury enters your sign on Sunday. Over the next two weeks, you’ll have the confidence to speak your mind and come up with impressive ideas. Your words hold the power to command the attention of everyone, so use them to take the lead."