Officers said today that the victim, whose identity is yet to be disclosed publicly, was pronounced dead at the scene of the tragedy on the M60 near junction 5 for Wythenshawe, Manchester. His death is not being treated as suspicious and a file will be passed to the coroner. Officer rushed to the scene just after 5.30pm last night after locals reported a "loud bang". Roads just off the motorway junction were closed while police and National Grid investigated the emergency. Speaking today, a spokesman for Greater Manchester Constabulary said: "Officers were called to a report of a person electrocuted by a pylon in close proximity to the M60, near to Princess Parkway, just after 5.30pm last night (16 March 2022). "Emergency services attended and sadly a male was pronounced dead at the scene. "There are believed to be no suspicious circumstances and a report is being prepared for HM Coroner." The man fell from the pylon into woodland below, Manchester Evening News reports.  One witness, who saw the incident when driving along the M60 slip road, rushed down to help the victim. He said: "I was driving along the slip road and all of a sudden in front of me, I saw this huge explosion and heard this incredibly loud bang. It was so loud and you could almost feel it. "I immediately pulled over along with some other cars in front and called the police. I was erratic and trying to explain where we were. "I just needed to go and check if he was okay, so I jumped over the barrier and ran down the slope into the woods and told the other people who had stopped to keep calling the emergency services." Last night, a spokesperson for the Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue service said: "At around 5:40 pm this evening (Wednesday 16 March), we were called to a police incident at Princess Parkway, Manchester. Two fire engines from Moss Side and Stretford fire stations attended the scene and supported colleagues from Greater Manchester Police and North West Ambulance Service. "Firefighters were in attendance for approximately one hour and a half." 