The Moray MP had led calls for the Prime Minister to quit over the partygate saga. But Mr Ross yesterday insisted it "is not the time to be discussing resignations" as Vladimir Putin continues his devastating attack on Ukraine. Mr Ross's comments sparked a furious reaction from SNP Westminster leader Ian Blackford. Mr Blackford raged that it was "an utterly humiliating U-turn for Douglas Ross". He said Mr Ross had "ended up catastrophically undermining his own position" and was "no doubt on borrowed time". The SNP Westminster leader added: “The entire Tory MSP group backed Douglas Ross in his demand that Boris Johnson quit, so they will no doubt be furious that he has marched them up a hill and now left them looking ridiculous." Mr Ross on Thursday withdrew his call for Mr Johnson to quit over the partygate row, which led to 12 allegations of lockdown breaches being investigated by police. The Scottish Tory leader said: "The middle of an international crisis is not the time to be discussing resignations, unless it's the removal from office of Vladimir Putin. "There will be a time and place to debate partygate but, as even Keir Starmer said at the weekend, we should put that on pause while there is war in Europe. READ MORE: SNP: Blackford mocked after Westminster leader tipped to QUIT job  "It's essential that we all fully support what the UK Government is doing. "In light of Russia's appalling actions, the Government and Prime Minister need our backing, and they have mine and the whole Scottish Conservative party. "We should all be focused on what we can do to help the Ukrainian people in any capacity." DON'T MISSHas Blackford’s hatred for Boris made him stupid? asks CAROLE MALONE [COMMENT]Backbencher jeer Boris at PMQs and demand to know where is Priti Patel [VIDEO]Finally! SNP sees sense and puts IndyRef2 on ice to confront Putin [INSIGHT] Mr Ross's comments came after Sir Keir Starmer appeared to have put his calls for the Prime Minister to resign on hold. The Labour leader insisted the country needs "unity" in the face of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Sir Keir said there was still "a basic question of trust" in the Government, but that for now Mr Johnson was "concentrating on the job in hand". He said: "I'm very clear as the leader of the opposition, leader of the Labour Party, that when it comes to standing up to Russian aggression, and standing in support of Ukraine, it's very important in the United Kingdom and in our politics that we show the world that we're united and, therefore, whatever the challenges and frustrations and criticism I have of the Prime Minister, and I've got many on this issue, there is unity, and it's very important that we demonstrate that unity." When asked if he would therefore withdraw his call for Mr Johnson to resign immediately, the Labour leader added: "Look, at the moment the Prime Minister is obviously concentrating on the job in hand and we stand united as the United Kingdom on that issue." 