Manchester United are reportedly interested in Napoli striker Victor Osimhen as they eye a young forward for this summer’s transfer window. There are many players at Old Trafford who could leave this summer, ranging from near-certainties such as Jesse Lingard and Edinson Cavani to the possible in Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial. And, with the Red Devils needing to bolster their frontline, Osimhen has emerged as a target. Manchester United have committed to signing a new striker this summer. Cavani is primed to leave on a free transfer, amid interest from teams in Brazil, Spain and Argentina, while Ronaldo and Martial may also join the Uruguay international out of the exit door. Amad may require another loan, while it still appears too early to give youngsters Charlie McNeill and Joe Hugill a shot at a starting berth. So, with that being the case, Osimhen has emerged as a target. United will want Napoli to lower their asking price for the Nigeria international, who has netted seven goals from 17 Serie A matches this term as well as four in the Europa League. Yet one way to go could be by using a swap deal using players who want out as bait to cheapen the deal. Express Sport will now take a look at three standout candidates who aren’t expected to be strutting their stuff at Old Trafford next season. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Napoli’s first-choice goalkeeper remains David Ospina, who has been at the club since initially moving on loan from Arsenal in 2018. Yet with the Colombia international approaching the end of his career, Dean Henderson would be a possible option to include in a swap. The England international had entered the season hoping to be United’s No 1. However, after suffering with coronavirus, David De Gea retained his spot in the team instead. The Spain international hasn’t looked back either, establishing himself as an undroppable presence under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Dean Henderson. Previous reports have suggested United value the player at around £50million so that would be one way of driving down Osimhen’s asking price, while also granting Henderson his wish for regular first-team football. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Martial may not want to stay at United when he goes back. After all, the France international is currently enjoying life at Sevilla and has proven why he deserved more of a chance this term following the arrivals of Ronaldo and Jadon Sancho. However, United may choose to try and force him to go elsewhere if it means them receiving something in return. Napoli have proven they have the cash over the years and, should they win Serie A, it would likely enhance their appeal when it comes to attracting players. Martial may get a second chance at United but his future is uncertain and there’s also no guarantee the next manager of the Red Devils will give him a chance to prove his worth. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here When United signed Donny van de Beek from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2020, many thought they were onto a winner. However, the Netherlands international barely played before joining Everton in January. The 24-year-old has made a solid start to life at Goodison Park though, like Martial, his future will lie in the hands of the next United manager. Should they consider him surplus to requirements, like Ralf Rangnick did, then using him in a swap deal is something worth considering. Van de Beek set them back £40million nearly two years ago and his reputation remains high, despite his issues at Old Trafford. Back in January 2020, United signed Odion Ighalo on transfer deadline day. It was a major bolt from the blue, with the Nigeria international then getting the chance to lay for his boyhood team in a fairytale chapter of his career. Ighalo would end up costing the Red Devils the signing of his compatriot, however, with Osimhen’s brother Andrew saying: "It is very true that Manchester United wanted Victor. “But he told me something like he had too much respect for Odion Ighalo to be competing for shirts with his senior colleague. "My brother holds Ighalo in high esteem and he just didn't see himself going to Old Trafford to battle for a striking role with the highest goalscorer at the 2019 AFCON in Egypt."