Max Verstappen has opened up on wearing special gold shoes designed by Puma as the new F1 season creeps closer. The Red Bull star beat Lewis Hamilton to Formula One glory last year, triumphing at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in controversial circumstances. And he’s now elaborated on his decision to mark his success. Verstappen was trailing Hamilton with just a lap to go in Abu Dhabi. Yet the Red Bull star claimed the crown due to a safety car, sparking wild celebrations in the process. Verstappen has been adamant he’s deserved his title ever since the race in the Middle East, regularly batting away suggestions Hamilton was robbed of the prize. And in an interview with the Daily Mail, he’s now opened up on wearing special gold shoes designed by Puma to mark the occasion. Whenever a sporting figure dons such attire, there are always critics who believe it is a step too far. But Verstappen has now insisted it was the right thing to do, insisting he’s proud of his title triumph and that he realised a childhood dream in the process. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “Wearing the golden shoes is a way of celebrating a special moment,” he said. “You have to enjoy it. “I remember when I was watching on TV when I was go-karting as a boy and there was a podium celebration and the national anthem was playing and my dad (former F1 driver Jos) said to me, ‘That’s where we need to go’, and I said ‘I’d like that’. “Now I need some luck, the right car, to do it again. “For now, I am happy.” Verstappen also revealed he was unhappy at the way the FIA treated Michael Masi following the controversy in Abu Dhabi. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Masi was axed as race director in the aftermath, with Eduardo Freitas and Niels Wittich names as replacements. And Verstappen labelled Masi’s sacking as ‘very unfair’ and said the F1 figure was put ‘in the ground’. “What happened to Michael is very unfair,” he said. “The FIA were pressurised (by Mercedes) into making a decision. I wrote a message to him about it. “I said we didn’t always agree on everything but that’s racing. “We always wanted to make the sport better as a whole. Nobody is perfect, but what was always brought up was that we needed to race. We needed that mindset and he had that. “For Michael to jump in after Charlie (Whiting, the long-term race director who died suddenly on the eve of the 2019 Australian Grand Prix) was a difficult task. “Everyone needs help. I have the whole team around me. “Maybe Michael needed more people around him but he never got the opportunity. They really put him in the ground. “He appreciated my message. He got a few more. “It was very fresh for him. I have had my moments with the stewards but at the end of the day you have to have respect for each other. “You don’t always have to agree. The aim is to make the racing better, more exciting but also fair.” On whether he deserved the F1 title, he added: “A championship is won over the season, right? Not because of the last lap. “Some people just look at that race because of the tension building up around it and think the outcome was wrong. “But if you look at the year, the title would normally have been decided way earlier. “It is just that I was taken out twice and had some bad luck with tyre blowouts. “It came down to the last race because of all that misfortune. “And look at the stats. That usually gives you a picture of how the season went.”