Novak Djokovic has split with legendary coach Marian Vajda, who was part of all 20 of his Grand Slam titles. The Serb has faced complications since making his competitive return to tennis, with Covid vaccination requirements set to prevent him from competing at Indian Wells this month. Aside from one brief break, Djokovic and Vajda had worked together since 2006, with the 56-year-old's departure signifying the end of a 15-year coach-player relationship. The veteran Slovakian, who is one of the most decorated coaches in tennis history, had taken a step back since 2019 when Goran Ivanisevic joined the team. Vajda subsequently accompanied Djokovic to fewer tournaments, and he was not in Melbourne during the well-publicised Australian Open saga, nor Dubai where the 34-year-old made his competitive comeback. He did voice his support for Djokovic though, telling Slovakian news outlet Aktuality: "I needed to calm down. I still don't understand why [Australian authorities] did it to him. READ MORE: Ukrainian chief 'slaps' Tennis Europe CEO in furious meeting over Russia as police called  "It was an unhealthy and unjust decision, based on the assumption that Djokovic could do or influence something that had not yet happened. "It must have been huge suffering. "He humbly endured all measures. But what they did to him must mark him. It is clear that it hit him mentally. It will hurt him for a long time and it will be difficult to get it out of his head. "However, I know him very well. Novak is strong, resolute and has not yet said his last word in tennis."  Vajda's departure, reported by Sport Klub, is another big change for the former world No 1 to navigate, with his tournament outlook broadly uncertain due to public opposition to mandated vaccines. The rest of his backroom team will remain the same, with coach Ivanisevic and two physiotherapists accompanied by fitness coach Marco Panichi. Indian Wells and Miami are due to host the first two Masters 1000 tournaments of the season, but entry into the United States is currently not possible given his unvaccinated status. It remains to be seen whether he will be allowed to enter 2022's second Grand Slam at Roland Garros, having missed out on glory in Melbourne, with 'big three' rival Rafael Nadal pulling clear on 21 major titles.  Djokovic, who was recently usurped in the world rankings by Daniil Medvedev, told the BBC that he would rather miss tournaments in the future than change his vaccine stance. "I've always supported the freedom to choose what you put in your body," he added. The Serb later blasted the interview to Sport Klub, claiming that its portrayal and reaction left him 'humiliated'. 