Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes should be “realistic” ahead of the 2022 season after a poor performance at the Bahrain Grand Prix last weekend. Martin Brundle called Mercedes’ third and fourth-placed finish “a bit flattering” after they were the third-fastest team all weekend. Ferrari and Red Bull had the pace of the Silver Arrows who only benefited from a late double retirement for Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez. Brundle said it would have been a “terrible day” for Mercedes had it not been for a late safety car. Hamilton and team-mate George Russell were on course to finish 30 seconds behind the leaders despite Mercedes' dominance of previous seasons. He said on Sky Sports: “It’s a bit flattering that result actually in the end. Without the safety car they would have been half a minute behind and it brought them right back into play and then the two Red Bull’s falling out. “Had Lewis been fifth, half a minute behind, we would have been saying what a terrible day for Mercedes Benz. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton could quit F1 if Mercedes can't challenge for wins “Third with the safety car and up on the podium. I think we need to be realistic about that, they have a lot of work to do. “Clearly they haven't aced this new package at all yet. The car looks genius, it looks really compact and I'm hoping as soon as they get the magic formula with the aero that things will be right on the pace, but time will tell.” Team principal Toto Wolff said the team would “leave no stone unturned” to look for fixes to the issues. DON'T MISSWolff makes worrying Hamilton comment ahead of Saudi Arabian GP [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton accused of 'using the force' on Sergio Perez [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton and George Russell 'won't work' in warning to Wolff [INSIGHT] He warned the German manufacturer they were “fifth and sixth on the track” but conceded performance would not come “from one day to the other”. Russell also admitted Mercedes would have “taken” third and fourth ahead of the weekend after their problems. He said: “Considering we’re half a second behind in qualifying and probably the same, if not more, on race pace, it was a good damage limitation weekend. There’s a lot of potential in the car and we really need to dig down into the data and understand how to extract the performance. “We recognise our rivals are a long way ahead of us, we know what the overall limitations of the car are, and we won’t settle until we have the chance of the win."