The Countess of Wessex travelled to the US last Sunday for a working visit which saw her carry out a number of official royal duties. Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams said Sophie's trip was "very successful". Mr Fitzwilliams said: "She’s relatively low key, but also manages to balance that with a profile that’s very significant. "There's nothing sensational about Sophie, it's a question of genuine commitment. "The intention of the visit to heighten the profile of certain very important causes has absolutely been achieved." Mr Fitzwilliams claimed Sophie's visit would boost the monarchy in the US after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who are living in California after quitting royal duties, made a series of bombshell claims in their TV interview a year ago. The royal expert said: "The close links between America and Britain, and the fascination with the British monarchy undoubtedly will continue. "There’s no question whatsoever that after Harry and Meghan’s interview on Oprah things were badly damaged, it was very destructive. "But on the other hand, that which is damaged can always be repaired. "And that is precisely the sort of important work that Sophie has been doing." READ MORE: Harry issues warning over 'deepening and exacerbating' crisis Sophie celebrated Commonwealth Day during her busy four-day visit across the pond. The royal ended the trip on Thursday by delivering the keynote address at a United Nations event aimed at upholding women's rights in Afghanistan. Mr Fitzwilliams said: "The America visit really proves what we knew already and that was her work in so many important fields and also the dedication that she puts into it." DON'T MISSSophie Wessex’s 'no drama' body language in New York is 'assertive' [ANALYSIS]Sophie Wessex rocks 'glam chic' £2,950 diamond earrings in New York [PICTURES]‘Beautiful!’ Sophie Wessex stuns in £825 coat and black leather dress [INSIGHT] During the Upholding Women's Rights in Afghanistan event, Sophie told the conference in New York that while the world's attention has turned to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, "the crisis in Afghanistan has not gone away and the effects are worsening daily". The Countess urged the international community to "support the brave women peacebuilders and activists, and all those who have stood up to the Taliban to demand their rights, while risking their lives in doing so". The 57-year-old is a long-time advocate for women and girls. Sophie publicly committed herself to supporting the UK's work helping victims of rape, sexual violence and exploitation in war in 2019. She has also worked to promote women through the Women's Network Forum, which she founded in 2014 to boost gender balance and equality in the workplace.