Strictly Come Dancing favourite Aljaž Škorjanec has confirmed he has stepped down from the BBC show. In a statement released on Monday morning, the Ballroom and Latin dancer revealed he had decided a "little while ago" that Strictly 2021 would be his last. He wrote: “On a beautiful sunny day in May 2013 one phone call changed my life forever! "It went like this... we would like to offer you a position on @bbcstrictly as a professional dancer. A dream became a reality and it was the biggest opportunity for a 23 year old boy from Slovenia. "It didn’t matter how many beautiful ballrooms I performed in during my competitive career, stepping onto the sacred Strictly floor was the most nervous I had ever been. "A little while ago I made the tough decision that Strictly 2021 would be my last." Read more: Janette Manrara breaks silence on husband Aljaz's Strictly farewell "The show has given me an opportunity and freedom to create and express myself in front of millions of people every weekend for the last 9 years," he continued. "The love and support I got from the team of producers was second to none. "Louise Rainbow, Sarah James, Kim Winston, Jack Gledhill are just a few of the unsung heroes behind the success of the show - I am forever grateful to them! "Being a part of a group of professionals that inspire and push you to be better every step of the way is humbling and I will carry that inspiration with me forever." Aljaž noted: "Every year the lineup of dancers would change but one thing stayed the same, WE WERE THE BEST! And this is one thing that I know will never change on Strictly! "Strictly also has the BEST backstage team - the hair and make-up team, costume department, lighting, sound, props and special effects, camera operators… THANK YOU!" The Ballroom and Latin dancer went on to praise his former Strictly celebrity partners. He said: "My beautiful partners - Abbey Clancy, Alison Hammond, Helen George, Daisy Lowe, Kate Silverton, Gemma Atkinson, Emma Weymouth, Clara Amfo and Sara Davies. DON'T MISSStrictly's Aljaz leaves co-stars heartbroken as pro bids farewell [INSIGHT]This Morning's Dr Zoe Williams hints at Strictly stint  [INTERVIEW]Strictly judge calls for Anton Du Beke to permanently replace Bruno [INSIGHT]  "It's hard to put into words how many beautiful memories we have had. I LOVE YOU ALL! "To my bucka.. from picking songs, creating stories and choreographing steps we always did it as a team. Your talent and selflessness knows no bounds. We were dating when we started together on the show and now we are husband and wife. We got to perform with Andrea Bocelli, Michael Buble, Ed Sheeran, Taylor Swift, BBC Symphony Orchestra.. moments I will keep in my heart forever. I LOVE YOU! "And finally, thank YOU, the people that watch Strictly who have been so kind to me all these years. Every comment, vote, kind message never went unnoticed. You are the reason we all do it, thank you!” "I have lots of exciting stuff planned that I will fill you in on soon. I can't wait to see what the future holds! KEEEEEP DANCING!”  Former Strictly pro and Aljaž's wife Janette shared her support for her husband on Instagram. She posted an image of Aljaž with the caption: "I cannot express the sadness in my heart to see @aljazskorjanec say goodbye to @bbcstrictly, but at the same time there is so much joy in my heart for what he has brought to the show these past 9 years. "I have admired him from the day I met him for his passion for dancing, but more than anything for his kindness towards anyone he encounters. "As his wife and best friend, I could not be happier to know that he made so many smiles during his time in Strictly; not just those who were watching from home, but also those who work behind the scenes." The Ballroom and Latin dancer shared her excitement at what the future holds for her husband. Strictly Come Dancing will return to BBC One later this year. 