The Duke and Duchess of Sussex took to the stage in Los Angeles on Saturday to accept a top accolade at the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) Image Awards. Harry, 37, and Meghan, 40, were presented with the President’s Award in recognition of special achievement and distinguished public service for their humanitarian work. Previous recipients of this award include Muhammad Ali, former US President Bill Clinton and singer Rihanna. Saturday's ceremony marked the couple's first major Hollywood event since leaving the Royal Family. It also marked the first joint public engagement for the pair in 2022. At the event, they rubbed shoulders with host Anthony Anderson and dozens of A-listers in attendance. In behind-the-scenes photos from the NAACP awards, Harry could be seen embracing the singer Jennifer Hudson. In photos shared on social media, the Duke can be seen beaming as he chats with the Dream Girls star backstage at the ceremony. Jennifer Hudson was named entertainer of the year at the awards ceremony, and during her acceptance speech the singer-actor thanked the NAACP for inspiring “little girls like me.” The Oscar and Grammy winner told the audience: “I was just standing here thinking ‘It was here – the NAACP Awards – where I watched so many legends and icons that inspired me. “Now, I’m standing here holding an award like this. READ MORE: Prince Harry's ex Chelsy Davy has baby with man at Eton with Duke “It’s because of seeing the Arethas, the Patti LaBelles, the Halle Berrys, all these legends right here on this stand that inspired me.” Jennifer Hudson played her idol, Aretha Franklin, in the film ‘Respect’ which follows the singer’s from childhood through the 1972 recording of the gospel album ‘Amazing Grace.’ During the ceremony, Harry and Meghan gave their own acceptance speech when they were presented with their prestigious gong. Harry showed gratitude to the NAACP for welcoming him into their community, before addressing those in Ukraine impacted by the ongoing Russian invasion. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle and Harry hailed as 'world leaders' [INSIGHT] Prince Andrew's hopes for future in royals to make major impact [REVEAL] Prince Charles will smash one major royal record after becoming King [REPORT] The Duke said: “We would like to acknowledge the people of Ukraine who urgently need our continued support as a global community.” Harry also said he and his wife were meant to be together to help others despite their supposed differences. He said: “It’s safe to say I come from a very different background than my incredible wife. “Yet, our lives were brought together for a reason. We share a commitment to a life of service, a responsibility to confront injustice and a belief for the most overlooked that are the most important to listen to.” Also at the event, Meghan and Harry launched the new NAACP-Archewell Digital Civil Rights Award, in recognition of those who are creating “transformational change at the intersection of social justice and technology”. For the occasion, Harry wore a black tuxedo by Ozwald Boateng. While Meghan dazzled in a sapphire-blue gown by Christopher John Rogers. The Duchess accompanied the dress with Aquazzura’s ‘Celeste’ gold heels and earrings designed by Alexis Bittar, a Brooklyn based jewellery & lifestyle brand.