The Queen has returned to royal duties since catching COVID-19 last month, and her first in-person engagement took place at Windsor Castle today (March 7). The Queen met Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, and while the pair posed for pictures in the Oak Room, the eagle-eyed may have spotted the Queen's subtle tribute to the people of Ukraine in the background. Russia's invasion of Ukraine remains at the forefront of global affairs, and Mr Trudeau is in the UK to meet Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Dutch counterpart Mark Rutte for talks on the conflict. And upon his visit to the UK, Mr Trudeau stopped at Windsor Castle for an audience with the Queen. Mr Trudeau and the Queen shook hands in front of a stunning floral arrangement of blue and yellow flowers - the same colours as Ukraine's flag. Although the Queen keeps her opinions private as the nation's sovereign, the floral display can be seen as a subtle tribute to the people of Ukraine during this time of immense devastation. Earlier this month it emerged the Queen had made a "generous donation" to the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) to support the Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal. READ MORE: Queen meets Canadian PM for first in-person engagement since Covid The DEC tweeted on March 3: "Many thanks to Her Majesty The Queen for continuing to support the Disasters Emergency Committee and for making a generous donation to the DEC Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal." Russia's ongoing invasion of Ukraine has been widely condemned by world leaders, as well as several members of the Royal Family. Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Prince William, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex have all spoken out in support of Ukraine in recent weeks. Last week, Charles and Camilla visited the Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral in London, and Charles spoke of his admiration for the Ukrainian people.   He said: "I must say my wife and I have been deeply moved by everything we have heard today during our visit and above all by the extraordinary bravery, generosity and fortitude of the Ukrainian community in the face of truly terrible aggression. "Our thoughts and prayers, however inadequate they may be are with all of you at this most critical time." Kate and William also wrote a heartfelt message on their official Twitter account last month, which read: "In October 2020 we had the privilege to meet President Zelenskyy and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine's future. "Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine's people as they bravely fight for that future W & C." DON'T MISS:Loose Women's Carol claims Queen is 'protecting us from Charles' [VIDEO]The Queen doted on young Prince Charles despite ‘hurtful rumour’ [INSIGHT]Queen 'will remain' head of state after Scottish independence [ANALYSIS]  Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky publicly thanked the Cambridges for their support, posting a statement on Twitter in response. Mr Zelensky wrote: "Olena and I are grateful to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge that, at this crucial time, when Ukraine is courageously opposing Russia’s invasion, they stand by our country and support our brave citizens. Good will triumph.” Charles and William are also thought to have made a donation to the Disasters Emergency Committee. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex also issued a statement on their Archewell website in support of Ukraine last month, which read: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex and all of us at Archewell stand with the people of Ukraine against this breach of international and humanitarian law and encourage the global community and its leaders to do the same." 