Manchester City have been tipped to beat Liverpool to the Premier League title by an astonishing 10 points despite the gap being just one heading into the final nine matches. Arsenal icon Paul Merson believes Pep Guardiola’s side can have a flawless record until the end of the season – including beating Liverpool on April 10 – and midfielder Kevin de Bruyne will play a key role.   City and Liverpool face off in what will likely be a winner-takes-all clash at the Etihad Stadium next month. Liverpool trailed by 17 points earlier in the campaign but are now only one behind. However, Merson believes an in-form De Bruyne can help his side cruise to a fourth Premier League title in five years. “Manchester City win the league by double digits if they beat Liverpool at the Etihad - but it all depends on Kevin De Bruyne,” Merson wrote for the Daily Star. “If De Bruyne plays well until the end of the season I think they win it comfortably because he just knits everything together. He makes everybody play in my opinion. I think Pep Guardiola has a big role to play too with the team he picks.”   JUST IN: Man Utd quoted £67m for striker 'target' as Newcastle remain in hunt City stuttered in their Premier League title bid by drawing 0-0 against Crystal Palace on Monday. Liverpool are now breathing down their neck in an attempt to regain the title they won in 2019-20. However, Merson believes only Guardiola ‘complicating’ things can see City lose out on the league. Liverpool, meanwhile, have not been playing as well as some might think, Merson adds. He continued: “Sometimes I just think Pep makes it too complicated for himself. It was the same in the Champions League final and the team he picked then. It's great when it works but when it doesn't you have to ask questions. When the pressure comes on you make strange decisions and that was a bad sign for City.   DON'T MISS...Liverpool told to sign £50m star who Man Utd made have made top targetMan City boss Pep Guardiola's blunt two-word reply to Haaland questionChelsea takeover: Six 'serious' bidders ahead of 9pm deadline “But I still think they have the advantage. They can reel off eight wins in a row so easily, and having Liverpool at home is a big advantage. Liverpool have the ammunition to win there and if you had to pick one team for that situation, having to go there and win, it would be them. “But it would be a massive blow for Liverpool to lose there. They would probably have to put all their eggs into the Champions League. “Liverpool were fortunate at Arsenal. If they play like that when they go to the Etihad the game will be over at half time. They have been a bit sloppy lately and I don't think you can afford to be sloppy against City, who aren't playing as badly as people think they are.    “It's a shame that game hasn't been put back to later in the season because it will be the title decider. I just still see City winning the championship. They are battering teams. It's not like they are playing and not looking like scoring in a month of Sundays. “They are absolutely dominating teams, camped out in their half creating chances and pinning them back. We've seen it too many times. They just have to make sure they don't lose to Liverpool and then I don't see who beats them.”   