Premier League fans were bemused today when they saw the Everton vs Newcastle march briefly suspended. After a few minutes of confusion, cameras pointed to the Everton goal, where a man clad in a bright orange shirt had chained himself to the left post. While play has since resumed, it will likely have left viewers with a selection of questions. Over the last few days, Premier League matches have been briefly interrupted by pitch invaders. The latest incident was from a man who appeared to be a protester wearing a t-shirt emblazoned with the words: "Just stop oil". A cursory internet search shows that this is the name of a campaign group dedicated to oppose new oil fields in the UK. READ MORE: Everton vs Newcastle delayed as protestor attached to goal  The man on the pitch known as "Louis" was representing the group, it wrote on Twitter. In a post, they explained the aim of the interruption and the "emergency" the world faces. They wrote: "This evening, Louis, a 21-year-old supporter of Just Stop Oil, locked on to the goalpost at Goodison Park wearing a Just Stop Oil t-shirt, causing the referee to briefly stop play. "It's 2022 and it's time to look up, time to step up and not stand by. It's time to act like it's an emergency.  "Report after report is telling me that my future is going to be dire, and my Government is telling me not to worry and pay into a pension. "Our government is betraying us by funding new oil fields in the North Sea. "New oil means destruction of our children's future. It means war on small island states. "And it means suffering now for the poorest and most marginalised in all regions. We must #JustStopOil. It's a no-brainer." The post added: "But we have a choice. "We can choose to highlight that our climate is breaking down, we can choose to resist this government that is betraying us, we can choose to step up and not stand by." The protester managed to delay the match for about five minutes, with stewards struggling to remove the coil he had used to attach his neck to the post. They had to run and collect bolt cutters before they could free him.  After a last-ditch attempt to remain on the pitch by lying on the floor, he was eventually dragged away. Louis is the latest in a series of people who have invaded Premier League pitches. Just Stop Oil first struck at the Liverpool vs Arsenal game on Wednesday, with another protester. Named Kai, they strapped themselves to a goal post in an apparent bid to achieve the same goal.