With the invasion now one week old, and a major city falling into the hands of Russian military officials, the move against its southern neighbour has been condemned by many both outside and within Russia. Reports have suggested over 1 million Ukrainians have been displaced since the start of the invasion, with unconfirmed reports mentioning thousands of fatalities on both sides.  Putin’s cabinet was led to believe the President was solely to recognise the two separatist regions in Eastern Ukraine. An unnamed source said: “This is f***** up. They are out of their f****** minds!” The same source said many government officials were ready to resign in protest but were afraid as this would be seen as an act of treason, adding: “Resignation will lead only to a prison camp.” Dmitry Peskov, Putin’s spokesman, said: “This is a made-up story people are sending to each other on social media.”  Moscow repeatedly denied an invasion was on the cards, insisting the build-up of military assets on the Ukrainian border was for “exercise purposes”. Both Putin and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov also assured the international community no invasion would take place. However, recent news suggested China was aware of an imminent attack and had asked Moscow to delay such a move until the completion of the Winter Olympics in Beijing. Mr Lavrov has now said Moscow was ready for talks to end the fighting in Ukraine but would continue to press ahead with its effort to destroy the country’s military infrastructure. He said the Russian delegation submitted its demands to Ukrainian negotiators earlier this week and argued the West had continuously armed Ukraine, trained its troops and built up bases there, turning the country into a “bridgehead for undermining everything Russian.”  READ MORE:'Why aren't you protesting?' Zelensky urges Russia to oust Putin Russia has remained adamant it does not want to see Ukraine become a member of the NATO military alliance. Ukraine has pleaded to both NATO and the European Union to accelerate their application to join both entities. The EU has already granted Ukraine “candidate status”, however, the process remains long-winded as several member states suggest membership cannot be accelerated. Several other nations have also expressed an interest in joining, and have been waiting for years.  DON'T MISS:Macron issues grim warning moments after Putin phone call [REPORT]Exiled Russian tycoon found dead hanging [REVEAL]China 'knew about Russian invasion' as Xi 'asked Putin to DELAY war [INSIGHT] The United Nations General Assembly on Wednesday overwhelmingly voted to reprimand Russia for invading Ukraine and demanded Moscow stop fighting and withdraw its military forces, an action that aims to diplomatically isolate Russia at the world body. The resolution, supported by 141 of the assembly's 193 members, passed in a rare emergency session called by the UN Security Council. The vote took place whilst Ukrainian forces battled to defend the port of Kherson in the face of airstrikes and a devastating bombardment forcing hundreds of thousands of people to flee. While General Assembly resolutions are non-binding, they carry political weight. Speaking after the historic vote, US Secretary of State Anthony Blinken said: “As 141 member states of the United Nations know, more is at stake even than the conflict in Ukraine itself. “This is a threat to the security of Europe and the entire rules-based order.”HAS VLADIMIR PUTIN LOST THE FAITH OF HIS CABINET? CAN SERGEI LAVROV SALVAGE PEACE TALKS? IS PUTIN BECOMING MORE ISOLATED? HAVE YOUR SAY ON THESE PRESSING QUESTIONS BY CLICKING HERE AND JOINING THE DEBATE IN OUR COMMENTS SECTION - EVERY VOICE MATTERS!   China abstained from the vote.Beijing’s ambassador to the UN said the resolution did not undergo “full consultations with the whole membership” of the assembly. He added: "Nor does it take full consideration of the history and complexity of the current crisis. “It does not highlight the importance of the principle of indivisible security or the urgency of promoting political settlement and stepping up diplomatic efforts. “These are not in line with China’s consistent positions.” China has stated it will not take part in international sanctions and other punitive measures placed on Russia. 