Ulrika Jonsson spoke candidly in her latest column as she addressed society's obsession with our outer appearance. The Celebs Go Dating star revealed she often avoids looking into mirrors as she dished on the real reason why she doesn't shower each day. It comes after Cameron Diaz, 49, caused a stir after the Hollywood actress admitted that she rarely washes her face these days. The Hollywood actress explained that she had turned her back on Hollywood beauty standards. After taking a step back from acting, the Charlie's Angels star admitted that she had fallen victim to “all the societal objectification and exploitations that women are subjected to” and added that she has put less emphasis on her appearance. In a candid chat with Ru Paul Drag Race star Michelle Visage's BBC podcast, Rule Breakers, the actress said she never washes her face. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty reacts after colleagues 'decide to step away' from BBC "I don't care. Literally, the last thing I think about on a daily basis… like maybe not at all during the day, is what I look like," Cameron shared. "I literally do nothing. I, like, never wash my face." Ulrika, 54, admitted that she was in complete agreement with the Shrek actress, adding that she "gets her". Writing in The Sun, the columnist explained: "With the exception of work commitments, when make-up is a necessity and nigh on obligation, I never wear it.  "I slob around in my daily black uniform of baggy leggings, T-shirt and long sleeves. I try to avoid looking in the mirror. "Worse still, I don’t shower every day." The mum-of-five explained that her dad had shared a secret with her about maintaining her appearance. She went on: "I know. Call me filthy. But my dad always said that when you wash, you’re actually removing all the good, natural oils your skin produces." DON'T MISS... Rod Stewart, 77, forced to fix nightmare potholes near his home[LATEST]Strictly star Neil Jones' career 'change' away from BBC[EXCLUSIVE]Demi Moore's daughter Tallulah issues health update after surgery[HEALTH] Ulrika cheekily added: "But then this was the man who washed his shirts by wearing them in the shower (fact) and only ever bought ready-made food and, in turn, claimed you couldn’t actually 'make a potato salad'." Meanwhile, the TV personality recently took to Instagram in honour of International Women's Day. Sharing a series of candid snaps, Ulrika penned a candid message to mark the occasion. In view of her 189,000 followers, she wrote: "#internationalwomensday. "I was born in an egalitarian country and I carry and apply that standard wherever I go. Sometimes digging my heels in and showing my obstinance makes others uncomfortable. "I will continue to surround myself with strong women. "I hope I’m bringing two up and that - most importantly - I leave behind two strong feminist sons." She finished: "If you’re not a feminist, you’re on the wrong side of equality."