Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has quashed reports linking him to Paris Saint-Germain by insisting he remains happy at the Gunners. Arteta has overseen a major overhaul at the Emirates Stadium and is finally reaping the benefits.   Arsenal’s squad is the youngest in the Premier League on average but sits fourth in the Premier League following after overcoming a difficult start. They are favourites to take the final Champions League spot for next season. Their form has earned Arteta a reputation as a bright young manager and an adept tactician. That, though, has inevitably prompted reports of clubs being interested in appointing the Spaniard. PSG were the latest club to be linked. Mauricio Pochettino’s future at the Ligue 1 side is in doubt following a disappointing year in charge. JUST IN: Romelu Lukaku's Chelsea woes compounded by damning Big Six comparison The French side crashed out of the Champions League last week following a disastrous capitulation against Real Madrid. There are also reports from France of a tense relationship between Pochettino and some of his key players, including Lionel Messi. Arteta, a former PSG loanee, has been linked with succeeding Pochettino if the former Tottenham boss leaves in the summer. He is reportedly one of nine names on a shortlist that also includes Antonio Conte, Diego Simeone and Manchester United-linked Erik ten Hag. However, the 39-year-old has dismissed claims that he is set to move to the mega-rich French outfit. He said: “It’s very simple. I am extremely happy here and grateful that this is where I am.”   DON'T MISS...Klopp tipped to replace Salah with two Premier League starsMan Utd star De Gea aims dig at Atletico fans following CL lossLiverpool icon worries Mohamed Salah WON'T sign new contract Arteta has been Arsenal boss since replacing Unai Emery in December 2018 and has had to be patient while a major overhaul of his squad has taken place. He believes his job at the North Londoners is a long-term project. The former Everton midfielder added: “This is never going to stop, this is a constant evolution because the level is not here. The level that Premier League teams used to play and produce in terms of numbers, in terms of stats, has gone through the roof. “In the history of the Premier League it never existed at that level of playing and competition. So, we don’t know where that limit is. “Every plan that we do is with players and people that have the mentality that this going to keep evolving, that it is never going to be good enough. And to do that you need to always get people that are aligned with that vision.”   