Foreign Secretary Liz Truss will be taking questions in the House of Commons at 11:30 this morning, as the Government looks to fast track its Economic Crime bill through Parliament. The bill is a proposed new crackdown on “dirty money”, which Ms Truss claimed would help the Government sanction “hundreds” of Russian oligarchs by Tuesday next week. The legislation includes a raft of measures designed to bolster the UK’s sanctions against Russia in response to Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. The Government has received criticism from some quarters for having not yet sanctioned a number of high profile oligarchs, while their refugee response was labelled a “mess” by Labour and considered less generous than European counterparts. Last week, Liz Truss was also criticised for saying she would back Britons going to Ukraine to join the fight against the Russians. In an interview on BBC One’s Sunday Morning programme, she replied “absolutely” when asked if she would support any UK citizens wanting to volunteer to help Ukranians fight against the Russian offensive. The Foreign Secretary added: “This is something people can make their own decisions about. The people of Ukraine are fighting for freedom and democracy, not just for Ukraine, but for the whole of Europe. Read More: ‘Brexit Britain by FAR Putin’s most powerful adversary’ expert claims “Absolutely if people want to support that struggle, I would support them in doing that.” The comments ran contrary to the advice on her department’s own website, which says those who want to travel to Ukraine to “fight or assist others engaged in the conflict” could be prosecuted on their return. Yet as of March 3, days after Ms Truss’ comments, more than a hundred people enlisted to help fight the Russians in Ukraine, according to the Consulate of Ukraine in Scotland. Meanwhile, dozens of people went to the Ukrainian embassy in London to declare their interest in supporting Ukraine’s military. Leon Dawson, a UK-born gym owner with no military experience, claimed he was prepared to die fighting as part of Ukraine's newly formed International Legion. Speaking to Euronews outside the Ukrainian Embassy in London he said: “They look like they need help. We don’t want to die. We’re obviously scared. “But if we’re scared, we can imagine how the innocent women and children feel. I can’t just sit here and just let that happen.” Asked if his family were aware, Mr Dawson said: “My family are upset. Obviously it’s a hard time.” Don't Miss:Ukraine livid at UK for 'breaking its promises' as Russia invades[OPINION]Vladimir Putin using new ‘5D warfare' ‒ Russia threat assessed[INSIGHT]Liz Truss’ photo gaffe with wife of former Vladimir Putin ally [ANALYSIS] Another UK national, Brian Grove, who is a former member of the Territorial Army, said he was “ready to get on a flight tomorrow”. He added: “I’m 60, which means I’m just about within the age range they will accept.” However, on Sunday, the head of the Armed Forces said UK citizens should not head to Ukraine to fight, and instead should help however they can in the UK. Admiral Sir Tony Radakin, who was speaking on the BBC’s Sunday Morning show, said the “sound of gunfire” was not “something you want to rush to”. When asked whether Ms Truss had been right to say she would support any Briton who wanted to fight, Admiral Radakin said: “We can all understand that sentiment, and that sentiment needs to be channelled into support for Ukraine.” Meanwhile Dominic Grieve, who was Attorney General while David Cameron was Prime Minister, said that those going to fight in Ukraine would be in breach of a law passed in 1870. The Foreign Enlistment Act says it’s illegal to enlist in a foreign army at a war with a country at peace with the UK, according to Mr Grieve. Chair of the Commons Defence Committee Tobias Ellwood, who is a former soldier, said he had been caught off guard by Ms Truss’ comments.  Mr Ellwood said: “It is not responsible policy for Britain to be pursuing sending untrained civilians into harm’s way, especially as we’ve made the decision to hold back NATO forces. “I really hope we never find ourselves in the position where a mum or dad is having to be consoled because some untrained youngster, with no military experience, has answered this call. We need to be careful." “The irony is that we have one of the most professional armed forces in the world, and yet we seem to be encouraging those without any training ‒ or indeed any equipment ‒ to head to Ukraine. This needs a rethink.”