Kayln Franke also detailed what she likes about the UK, including the National Health Service. The "special relationship" between the US and the UK means the countries are linked in many ways. This includes sharing expats. Around 200,000 expats from Nothern America are thought to be living in the UK. Many hold dual citizenship, including - until 2016 - Prime Minister Boris Johnson, who was born in New York City. Express.co.uk spoke to one US expat living in the UK about their expectations on moving between the two countries and her experience of expat life here. READ MORE: 'Spaniards are very open-minded and welcoming' expat couple on move to Spain Kayln Franke even wrote a book on moving from the US to the UK, Girl Gone London: An American's Guide to Surviving Life in the UK. She moved to the UK after being fascinated with the country and now lived with her husband, Guy, who is British. Kayln told Express.co.uk: "I initially came as a student, wanting to intern in London and experience a different country while I was at university (or in college, as we say in the US). "I fell in love with the UK during my brief time there, and then decided to come back to do my Master's and then eventually met my husband and had even more reasons to stay." DON'T MISSWon’t be ‘drinking sangria all year’: Spain expats on misconceptions [INSIGHT] 'We really love Portugal but Brexit has made life there more difficult' [REAL LIFE] 'Don't need a million to retire': Retired expat couple travel in luxury [HOW TO] She discussed the merits of life in the UK compared to life in the US. Kayln highlighted two "major wins" when it comes to Britain. She said: "Life in the UK has a lot going for it, and the lack of gun violence and the NHS are two major wins that contribute to a better experience than in the US." However, there are some things she prefers about North America. Kayln said she likes "the sheer amount of space, larger homes and gardens (or what Americans would call yards) with more room to move" in the US. She went on: "The outgoing and positive nature of Americans is something that I prefer over the UK." Kayln writes about her experiences on her blog, Girl Gone London, and also uploads frequent videos about expat life on her Youtube channel. You can follow her travel on her Instagram account @girlgonelondon and on her Facebook page. Two retired British expats recently detailed how they use passive income, in part, to afford cruises and holidays. Norm and Tina spoke with Express.co.uk about how they fund a retirement many dream of. The couple are able to make money while travelling as Norm has a relevant skill. "Norm is a stock photographer and stock video producer so we have built a library of images, which produce a passive income through royalties which helps with finances," the pair explained.