On Tuesday, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are due to land in Jamaica as part of their Caribbean tour. However, it has been widely reported a protest will be held at the same time as their arrival. It comes after a group of Jamaican politicians, business leaders and doctors have called for the British monarchy to pay slavery reparations in an open letter. During Tuesday's Good Morning Britain, host Noel Phillips gave Susanna Reid and Martin Lewis the latest update about Prince William and Kate Middleton's visit. The GMB presenter began by explaining: "We get the sense this tour is slightly off-key because the timing just doesn't seem to be right. "People in Jamaica, they don't want William or Kate and they make it quite clear you know, we spent the last couple of days travelling the island trying to get a sense or a better understanding of what their beef is with the monarchy. "They don't have a problem with the Queen, they have a problem with the institution. "They see the monarchy as an institution that has long oppressed them, they want an apology and they feel that they have been asking for these things for a very long time and until now there has been no acknowledgement of their suffering." READ MORE: The Last Kingdom stars 'heartbroken' and 'exhausted' as movie wraps  He continued: "So, people are expected to take to the streets later on today just to my right as the British Embassy and they are expecting a large number of protesters outside that embassy at the same time William and Kate will be arriving at the airport. "They will be greeted by the Prime Minister and no doubt they will be given a warm welcome. "But there is also an interesting point, I have been talking to a source within the Prime Minister's government who has told me that as soon as they leave, Jamaica will begin the process for removing the Queen as head of state. "I am trying to make sense myself as to why they have William and Kate hosting knowing they are going to remove the Queen as head of state and this mission that they're on." The segment sparked a backlash from viewers and many took to social media to share their frustrations at a negative spin being put on Kate and William's trip. Elly tweeted: "The exposure a visit like this is excellent promotion for the country’s tourism, and yet this dreadful presenter relishes in stirring up conflict." Jen B added: “Two sides to every story, I have Jamaican friends who talk about pride Jamaica has in the Queen how they are taught about her in schools. If Jamaica wants independence the debate needs to happen.” User @PugTrev raged: "Why does this story end with being about race FFS GMB give it a rest!!" DON'T MISS...Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? [CAST]James Martin addresses career move as he opens up on dyslexia [INSIGHT]Ruth Langsford slaps down child-smacking ban in heated debate [VIDEO]   Leon fumed: "Oh do f**k off, seriously GMB seriously?" (sic) Later on in the programme, Susanna and Martin discussed whether it is time to end the royal reign in Jamaica. Businesswoman Krystle Daley spoke with the hosts via video link and claimed Jamaicans don't hate the Queen or the Royal Family. She went on to add it's about Jamaicans wanting their country to be "fully independent from the royal monarchy" as the country reaches 60 years of independence. When asked by Susanna whether she will be welcoming Kate and William to Jamaica, Krystle said: "Let me just make this clear we do not hate the Queen and we do not hate the Royal Family. "What we are saying is, this year we are approaching 60 years since our independence and since that we are saying we need to be fully independent from the royal monarchy. "We are not throwing dirt at William and Kate for a lack of better expression. "We are saying what about that apology we are asking for and it's a good time and it's a bad time for the visit." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.