Barcelona are ready to cool interest in Erling Haaland and Robert Lewandowski due to the sensational form of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, according to reports. The Gabon international has netted eight goals in eight games for the Catalan giants since moving from Arsenal. And he was unplayable as Real Madrid were beaten 4-0 at the Bernabeu on Sunday night. Barcelona went into their match with Real Madrid looking to continue their improvement since Xavi’s appointment. And they did exactly that, silencing the Bernabeu with a pulsating display. While Ronald Araujo and Ferran Torres both scored, Aubameyang was the best player on the pitch with a sensational performance. The Gabon international scored twice on the day, showing former club Arsenal exactly what they’re missing in the process. It now means he’s scored eight times in as many matches for Barcelona since his arrival on a free transfer back in January. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And, now, Sport say Barcelona are ready to change their transfer plans. It’s stated that the ‘explosion’ of Aubameyang has forced the club to rethink their priority for next summer. While they admire Erling Haaland, they feel he’s an ‘unattainable desire’ due to the finances of any potential deal. Therefore, with Aubameyang operating at the peak of his powers once again, Barcelona are ready to abandon their pursuit for good. And while the option of Robert Lewandowski has arisen, amid uncertainty over his future at Bayern Munich, the Poland international simply isn’t considered needed. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message The publication does state that Barcelona don’t see Aubameyang as a global star in terms of his image and marketing. At the age of 32, that’s something they believe is ‘complicated’ for the former Arsenal and Borussia Dortmund striker to achieve. Yet Barcelona are now ready to rethink and back Aubameyang to fire them back to the highest level. Xavi was asked to give his verdict on his side’s blockbuster performance against Real Madrid. And he hailed Aubameyang after the match by saying: “We played a very complete match, much better than Madrid, much superior. “The high pressure was very good, with Aubameyang, and also with Pedri helping a lot. “We knew how to play against them, we created many chances, we knew how to attack them, we played a great game. “They attacked us in the last 20 minutes, but that can happen when you are 4 goals ahead.” When asked if Barcelona are ‘back’ he then added: “Perhaps yes, Barca is back, but I’ll leave that to you. “This is the perfect game idea for Barca, to compete, we have very good players technically who didn’t understand the model well and now they do. “Run, work and help the team. Solidarity.” Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti, meanwhile, was downbeat after the match. And he accepted responsibility for the defeat, admitting his side weren’t good enough to emerge victorious. “It is tough because it is a Clasico, for the fans when we play against Barca... it is a blow, we have lost a battle, we still have an advantage and we have to stay calm and get back our injured players,” he said. “We were unrecognisable, everything went wrong, we have to forget that and move forward. “We have a big lead [in La Liga]. I, the coach, am at fault.”