Tottenham and Arsenal are among the clubs in contention to sign Galatasaray winger Kerem Akturkoglu this summer, according to reports in Turkey. The 23-year-old, who dons the No 7 shirt for the Super Lig giants, has really come of age this season in his homeland to earn recognition at international level. Akturkoglu only joined Galatasaray in 2020 from 24 Erzincanspor, where he hit 20 goals in 30 outings. Now he is starting to elevate his game to the next level in Istanbul after recording 20 goal involvements this season. The left-winger has eight goals and five assists in 29 Super Lig outings. He has also made an impact in the Europa League, where he has netted three times and assisted four goals this season. READ MORE: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte names wonderkid with 'brilliant future' after West Ham win  Turkish outlet Aksam are now reporting that a whole host of European clubs are lining up to sign Akturkoglu this summer - when Galatasaray will struggle to keep him. It's claimed both Spurs and north London rivals Arsenal have now entered the fray. They will continue to scout the Turkish international between now and the end of the season. Lyon, Atletico Madrid and Wolfsburg are also understood to be interested in signing Akurtkoglu. Both Tottenham and Arsenal are expected to be busy when the transfer window reopens at the end of the season. Spurs boss Antonio Conte wants Daniel Levy and Fabio Paratici to fully commit to investing in the squad. The former Inter Milan boss has already threatened to quit Tottenham in recent months but has now vowed to stay for another season. He expects Levy to dip his hands deep into his pockets though if Spurs are to transform their fortunes. At 23, Akturkoglu does fit the kind of profile Paratici is looking for when recruitment is concerned. Dejan Kulusevski, 21, has already proved a real hit since arriving on an initial loan from Juventus in January. The Swede has two goals and four assists in the Premier League and is expected to make his loan switch permanent ahead of the 2022/23 season. Arsenal are also looking to sign players under the age of 24 just as they did last summer when they brought in the likes of Ben White, Martin Odegaard, Aaron Ramsdale, Takehiro Tomiyasu, Albert Sambi Lokonga and Nuno Tavares.