The McLaren star said he was playing mind games with himself when battling the seven-time champion trying to work out where Hamilton would “outsmart” him. McLaren’s better pace last season saw Lando consistently fight for podiums which saw him have a few battles with his compatriot. In Austria, Norris defended from Hamiton for several laps before Lewis eventually passed on Lap 20. However, Norris’ main scrap with Hamilton came at the Russian Grand Prix in Sochi where he came within just one lap of claiming a maiden win.Norris was leading the race with just a handful of laps to go before a sudden rain shower. Hamilton pitted for wet tyres under instruction from his team while Norris stayed out and was passed by the pack. READ MORE: Norris' awkward chat after embarrassing Verstappen comparison Speaking on Jake Humphrey’s High Performance Podcast, he said: “It’s a tricky one, because the first few times I really began or had a chance to race him were like Austria, you would say Russia. Can I keep a seven-time champion behind me? They do play on your mind a little bit."He added: “I'm going round, just on the straight, you're thinking alright ‘what is he going to try and do now?’ What has he understood or what's he learnt over the past whatever 20 years he’s gonna try and outsmart me on.“Is it the batteries or the tyres? Is it the engine mode? “Is he going to try and pull back to make me feel like I'm comfortable and then pounce and then have a go. All of these things are playing in my head, what is he going to try and outsmart me on.“Those things definitely play on your mind a little bit.” DON'T MISSLando Norris admits enjoying 'drama' between Hamilton and Verstappen [INSIGHT]Norris calls out Drive to Survive inaccuracy after Wolff remark [ANALYSIS]Lando Norris told be 'selfish' vs Daniel Ricciardo to push for title [COMMENT] Hamilton has been full of praise for his young compatriot with glaring reports since he joined the sport. After passing Norris in Austria, Hamilton told his race engineer that Norris was “such a great driver”.