Fernando Alonso left his Formula 1 rival Lance Stroll baffled in Bahrain this week, after the pair were seen locking horns on the Middle East track during pre-season testing. Despite only being in testing Alonso and Stroll played out the first real on-track battle of the 2022 campaign, which officially kicks off on Sunday, March 21. As a result, the pair were seen racing round the track neck-and-neck, whilst repeatedly exchanging position throughout. Initially Stroll was blocked from overtaking the Spaniard, but then finally went on to make his move on turn one. Alonso - who was clearly less than impressed with the Aston Martin man - then quickly looked to regain his position as they approached turn four. JUST IN: Christian Horner has private talks with FIA president amid Mercedes 'illegal' car row  However the two-time world champion was unable to make his move, as Stroll kept hold of his position before scampering away into the distance. Following the test, the Canadian revealed to the official F1 website that he was completely baffled by the tussle. Stroll said: “There was a moment there, that got a little bit exciting. I’m not sure what he was really doing.” Despite being unsure of the thinking behind Alonso’s tactics, the Aston Martin driver described his pre-season outing as a ‘great day’. DON'T MISSF1's Max Verstappen’s girlfriend Kelly Piquet admits hidden strugglesToto Wolff was warned to 'grow up' by fuious Johnny HerbertLewis Hamilton health: F1 driver on the 'lingering' effects of Covid He went on: “It was a great day running. [We’re] still just working on the car every session and we’ll try to progress as much as we can.” The 2022 campaign sees new vehicle rules and regulations brought in by the FIA, in order to make the sport a much closer and more competitive competition following the recent domination of Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen. Stroll’s battle with Alonso provided the first on-track tussle since the rule introduction, however the Canadian revealed it is too early to tell what impact it has had as of yet. Asked if he felt the changes playing a part he responded: “No it didn’t.   “I didn’t actually get to follow too many people today so we’ll see more the rest of the week.” As well as his encounter with the Spaniard, Stroll also brought about a red flag in the afternoon session after losing his aero rake. Discussing the hiccup he said: “I felt something funny happen down the straight. “The car began to behave strangely and I got the radio call. One of those things.”