Classic car enthusiasts are being urged to make use of help from others around them as thousands up and down the country look to restore their own vehicle. Mike Brewer, TV presenter and host of Wheeler Dealers: Dream Cars advised motorists to be open to help from others when they are working on their car. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “The best bit of advice I could give to anyone is to fill your library before you fill your garage. “Knowledge is power and when you’re embarking on a classic car restoration, the very first thing you should do is do your research. “There's loads of information out there that's free and that's available online for the car that you're looking to restore. “Another great bit of advice is if you're looking into restoring an MG or you want to restore a Triumph Spitfire or a Ford Focus or whatever you want to restore, it's really worth you joining an owners club. READ MORE: Many hand-car washing operations akin to ‘modern slavery “The chances are you'll be able to get all the information you will need to do the restoration and possibly even the parts you want. “Owners club are great places to source a wealth of information and you're more than likely to find is that members of owners clubs will want to come out and help you. “They want to help you out and get your car on the road and to give you that free advice. “Get as much knowledge as possible, fill your library before you garage and join an owners club.” DON'T MISSCheapest electric cars to charge per mile [INSIGHT]Drivers could face £200 fine for using phone as a passenger [WARNING]Calls for elderly drivers to resit driving test once they reach 60 [SHOCKING] Mike Brewer recently appeared at the Practical Classics Classic Car and Restoration Show in Birmingham, alongside his Wheeler Dealers partner Marc ‘Elvis’ Priestly. They spoke about the new series of Wheeler Dealers: Dream Car, as former Wheeler Dealers mechanic, Ant Anstead, built a Tipo 184 over the course of the three days. According to data from Hero-Era, the classic car industry provides as much to the UK economy as the arts, as the sector turns over £18.3billion and employs 113,000 people. The Federation of British Historic Vehicle Clubs reported that there are more than 1.5 million historic vehicles in the UK in 2020. Of this, there are around 700,000 classic car owners, or one percent of the population, who own a vehicle older than 30 years. Over the pandemic, most Britons developed new or existing hobbies, with thousands dedicating themselves to restoring a classic car. Mike added: “Those people who worked on their cars [during lockdown], I bet if they joined the owners group of that car and asked for help they would have a better knowledge. “I guarantee within a few weeks, they’ll have 10 blokes in their garage drinking cups of tea helping them. “The world is a nasty place at the moment and I think classic cars are a real respite for people in these trying times.” Mr Brewer praised the new series of Wheeler Dealers: Dream Cars as the duo trade up from nothing to help hapless petrolheads get the car they have always desired. New episodes of the second series are airing on the Discovery Channel.