Naomi Osaka opened up on some of the outside factors that helped her get her first top 15 win since the 2021 Australian Open in her Miami Open second-round win over Angie Kerber. The former world No 1 has suffered some early exits in her last few tournaments but managed to overcome the 13th seed 6-2 6-3 in an hou on Thursday. Osaka's win over Kerber was her first top 20 win since last year's Miami Open, and first top 15 win since her run to the Australian Open title last year. It was also just the second time she defeated the three-time Grand Slam champion in six meetings. The 24-year-old has struggled with her form of late, barely playing in the last year and going out in the third-round of both the US Open and Australian Open, also suffering a second-round exit in Indian Wells last week when she was reduced to tears by a heckler in the crowd. The former world No 1 has since revealed she has started therapy after the Indian Wells incident and has been in a much bette place already in her opening two rounds in Miami. But it's not just her own work that has gotten her to a third-round clash with Karolina Muchova at the Miami Open, Osaka admitted that a training session with Nick Kyrgios had helped her improve her game. The pair enjoy a friendly relationship off the court and hit together after Indian Wells last week, with the current world No 77 keen to learn a certain technique from the Aussie. JUST IN: Miami Open player calls for default in Kyrgios and Zverev repeat  "I hit with Nick in LA, and I was watching his like form from very close up, and he does like this slide thing and then he puts his two feet together and helps him explode more," Osaka revealed in her post-match press conference. "I have been really focusing on that part of my technique." And it seems the 24-year-old also got some motivated from one of her former colleagues, the now-retired Caroline Wozniacki, after inadvertently hearing the former world No 1 tip her opponent to win. "I was watching Tennis Channel the other day, right? I don't know like what night or whatever, but they had the draw up. I was like, Oh, no. I accidentally saw the draw. This is before I played Astra. So I was like, dang, I have to play Kerber if I win this next round," she explained. "But then I think Caroline Wozniacki was commentating, and they were like, Oh, who do you think is going to make it out of this section? She's, like, I think Kerber and Fernandez are going to play each other. I was, like, Oh, me and Muchova aren't right here. So I was kind of thinking about it in my head a lot during when I was playing just now." DON'T MISSRaducanu woes continue as Brit loses Miami Open debut to SiniakovaDjokovic and Nadal face threat as Thiem joins Wawrinka in comebackDjokovic wins appeal against Paris ban after Indian Wells withdrawal    She continued: "Yeah, I don't know if that was the reason the score was why it was today, but I don't know. I don't really say I had like a vendetta, but I was like, Hmm, I know I was kind of underachieving these last couple of months, but I still feel like I'm a pretty good player. Because Wozniacki said it kind of confidently that Kerber was going to be going through. I don't know. But anyways, yeah, that's my story. Sorry." The four-time Major champion was also proud to beat one of the top seeds after some difficult results in recent events. "She’s like the first high-seeded player I’ve beaten this year. I feel like I came into the match wanting to dictate. My power on the shots was working really well." Osaka next faces Muchova after the Czech player defeated Fernandez 6-4 7-6(3) earlier on Thursday.