Sam Heughan has been one of the leading co-stars in romantic period drama Outlander on Starz since it first launched in 2014. In the series, his character Jamie Fraser has a steamy romance with Second World War nurse Claire Randall (played by Caitriona Balfe) who later becomes his wife. Fans have wanted to see the actors get together in real-life but Balfe is married to Tony McGill. Outlander actor Sam Heughan has dated a number of actresses over the years. He has been romantically linked to The Woods star Mackenzie Mauzy, Beautiful Fools' Cody Kennedy and Hangar 10 star Abbie Salt. Most recently, Heughan was dating Twin Peaks actress Amy Shiels in 2018. However, he is now dating someone new who, for the first time in years, isn't an actress. READ MORE: Emmerdale fury for Meena Jutla as parents arrive in court? Heughan, 41, is currently in a relationship with model Monika Clarke. The pair have been spotted out together in New York, kissing at a Cafe Select in Soho and walking down the street, holding hands. It isn't clear how long they have been a couple for but it is clear that Heughan and Clarke are very much loved-up. So what do we know about the new love in the Outlander actor's life? In her Instagram bio profile, it says that the model is originally from Australia but now resides in New York. She is presented by modelling agency Wilhelmina Models and has more than 200,000 followers on social media. On top of working as a model, Clarke is also an entrepreneur who owns a jewellery business. She launched the natural emerald jewellery collection in December 2021 which is called My Verite. DON'T MISS...The Royle Family: Where are the cast now? [CAST]Emmerdale rocked by triple exit as villagers hit with tragic news? [EXIT]Outlander season 6: Marsali ‘isolated’ as she's abandoned by Fergus? [THEORY] After just a few months, My Verite now has more than 4,000 followers. According to its social media page, it sells: "Fine jewellery made from natural, high-quality gems from the mines of Zambia." There are also a plethora of pictures of Clarke modelling the designs herself. Actor Heughan has previously spoken out on being "open" to finding someone. Talking on chat show Drew, Heughan said: "The job is so all-encompassing and we spend so much time on set but I'm open to something. "I'm not sure what I'm saying I'm open for but I'm open." So could model Clarke be the one for Heughan after all? Outlander season 6 continues every Sunday on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.