Rylan Clark, 33, has hilariously reacted to a photograph of Prince Harry, which he claimed made it seem like the Duke of Sussex was appearing on Mastermind. The presenter took to Twitter today to share a news article featuring the image, which showed a serious-looking Harry. The royal was pictured against a plain black backdrop, similar to that of the BBC quiz show Mastermind's famous set. In view of his 1.6 million followers, Rylan tweeted: “Genuinely thought he was doing mastermind.” Other social media users agreed with the TV star, whose tweet racked up more than 1,200 likes. Sharondavis91 typed: “Totally get that,” while upthechute said: “Me too.” Rachel31762615 simply commented: “You’re hilarious.” Rylan previously took to the social media platform to deny he is experiencing "breakdown number 2" over a string of bizarre tweets. He had previously spoken out on his mental health and how, after his break-up with husband Dan Neal, he felt he was "a danger to myself”. A series of tweets sent last week had fans concerned that the presenter might be struggling with his mental health. One of the tweets read: “WHERE ARE YOU NOW WHEN I MISS YOU?" "Hola, mi bebé-bé, Hola, mi bebé-bé, Llámame, llámame," a separate tweet read. He also wrote: "INSTEAD OF MEAT I EAT VEGGIES AND P***Y." A later message read: “No one brings me down, I'm gonna take the crown. Give it to me now." READ MORE...Chris Evans details 'bump in the road' as he shares family rule  [INSIGHT]Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma [LATEST]Piers Morgan's 'lucrative' GMB exit explained by co-star Rob Rinder [NEWS] But puzzled fans’ minds were soon put at ease as Rylan offered an explanation for his mystery tweets. He wrote: “For those fearing this is breakdown number 2, listening to all the Eurovision entries and there is BANGERS. "I can feel my hips sliding all over Euroclub in May. I will be most certainly living my best life. They’re so good @eurovision." (sic) Rylan met his former partner Dan back in 2013 and they tied the knot two years later. The pair split up last year, with Rylan addressing rumours surrounding the separation in a statement released to The Sun in June. Rylan explained: “Following reports about Dan and I spending time apart, I feel I have to speak out – as the way it is being reported is unfair. "I have made a number of mistakes which I deeply regret and have inevitably led to the breakdown of our marriage." He added: "I have taken time away from work as I am not in a good place at the moment and am seeking help."