The Last Kingdom returned to Netflix with its final season and it answered some important questions. Fans discovered Uhtred's (played by Alexander Dreymon) son Osbert (Olly Rhodes) had been under Hild's (Eva Birthistle) care the whole time. His brief appearance in the TV show's finale could set things up nicely for the Seven Kings Must Die movie. The Last Kingdom fans were heartbroken to hear the Anglo-Saxon series would end with the fifth season. There are still three more of Bernard Cornwell's Saxon Stories novels to cover. Thankfully, Uhtred will make a comeback in the upcoming feature film, Seven Kings Must Die. Executive producer Nigel Marchant claimed the film will tell a standalone story. He said: "Season five does feel like the end of the TV series, and the movie will be much more standalone. READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married? "It’ll be an extra treat for the fans of the TV series, but you could also watch it even if you’ve never seen the TV show." With this in mind, it seems it could be Osbert's time to shine as he has not yet made an appearance in the series. He was last seen as a baby in season three, and only had a brief introduction in the show's final season. With Uhtred now ruling Northumbria as a separate kingdom, he could face threats from leaders wanting to take power. King Constantin (Rod Hallett) could return to stake a claim, as could descendants of King Edward (Timothy Innes). In history, the kingdom of Northumbria ceased to exist in 927, when it joined a united England by Aethelstan (Harry Gilby). In 937, Aethelstan came out victorious during the battle of Brunanburh, which secured England's control of its northern territory. From this, it seems Osbert could step up alongside his father to defend the kingdom. Having been brought up by Hild, he seems devout to his religion. However, when he discovers who his real father is, it could unleash the warrior within him. DON'T MISS... Who is Osbert in The Last Kingdom season 5? [EXPLAINER] How does Aethelflaed die in The Last Kingdom season 5? [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom season 5: What happened to Uhtred's third son? [EXPLAINER] Not much is known about Osbert's character, as the name refers to a different character in the books. Osbert appeared in the first season and fought alongside Uhtred against the Danes. Actor Olly Rhodes is on Instagram and he shared some photos of his appearance in the show's final season. He said: "I reckon I can finally talk about this! If you look very carefully in the final season and the final episode of @thelastkingdom on @netflixuk You might just see a familiar face… "As always couldn't have gotten there without @alexpriestleytalent and @georgiapadfield, on to the next!! Xx" He has not given anything away about whether he has been cast in the feature film. The plot for Seven Kings Must Die is being kept under wraps, but filming is currently underway. Uhtred is likely to face threats against his kingdom as he refused to join England as a united country. Only time will tell whether his missing son will help him defend it.  The Last Kingdom season 5 is on Netflix now, with the feature film Seven Kings Must Die in the making.