Cholesterol, like visceral fat, is not something the body can do without. Visceral fat is needed to act as protection for the internal organs and as a reserve source of energy. Meanwhile, cholesterol is needed to improve heart health. Just like visceral fat, too much cholesterol can have negative health benefits, but only one form of cholesterol. READ MORE: High blood pressure: Three 'healthier alternatives' that raise reading   There are two types of cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein. High-density lipoprotein is known as good cholesterol and is the type of cholesterol that improves heart health. Low-density lipoprotein is known as bad cholesterol; this forms as a plaque increasing blood pressure. The body needs as much good cholesterol and as little bad cholesterol as possible.  Caffeine can play a role in cholesterol management. A new study published in Nature Communications says the drug can act “as a master regulator of cholesterol metabolism and identify a mechanism by which caffeine may protect against cardiovascular disease”. The morning cup of coffee or tea could help with the management of cholesterol and improve overall health. However, with regard to coffee in particular, there is one caveat. Although the caffeine present in the coffee can help reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease; if the coffee is of the high sugar variety served by popular coffee chains, the benefits could be wiped out entirely. This is due to the high fat content present in said drinks. The healthiest way to drink coffee is black, in Americano or espresso form. Coffee can help in other areas of health too, such as increasing metabolism. Meanwhile, there are a number of ways to reduce cardiovascular risk as well as consuming caffeine including a balanced diet and exercising regularly. Quitting smoking and reducing consumption of alcohol can help too. In combination these lifestyle changes can help to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. For more information on cardiovascular health contact the NHS or consult with your GP.