 Ricky Gervais’ hit Netflix comedy-drama After Life drew to a close earlier this year with its third and final series. He starred in and wrote the show which was a huge hit with viewers. However, in a recent interview, Ricky has opened up about the real reason he tries to avoid cliffhangers in any of his TV shows.     Ricky confessed he likes to wrap up each series he writes and not leave any loose ends. The actor and writer admitted he tries to ensure each series of a show has a satisfying ending just in case he’s not able to write another one. He explained: “I always approach a new show so it can be a standalone series - just in case. “You never know what will happen. I might get hit by a bus!” Ricky remarked. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns with Marlon Dingle's baby?    “I always write the ending so it could be the one series,” the comedy star insisted. However, Ricky confessed it’s not just the worry that he won’t be around to finish the story that concerns him. He highlighted the fact there’s never a guarantee there’ll be demand for a second series of a show. Ricky commented: “The broadcaster might go, ‘We’ve got no money left.’ Or they could say, ‘It was rubbish.'   “Or there’s always a chance people might hate it,” he told Daily Star. The actor admitted he never expected After Life to be the huge success it became. The third series was launched on Netflix earlier this year and has already been streamed by millions of viewers around the world. Ricky said: “When I started writing After Life, I knew I wanted to do two seasons. DON'T MISS...Pointless Celebrities fans stunned by geography question results [MUST SEE]EastEnders horror as Kheerat Panesar’s murdered by Gray in prison? [SPOILERS]Bridgerton star Nicola Coughlan details ‘crazy’ wardrobe malfunction [INSIGHT]  “But, I never had a third season in mind at that point,” he revealed. Ricky currently has no plans to write any more of After Life and sees the latest series as its conclusion. Reflecting on the decision, he remarked: “It seems mad to stop it. I know that. “But I think it’ll be the right decision in the long run. It will always be there on Netflix. It’ll be around forever.   “If you do something well and people like it, they will keep watching it – some people have watched it all 10 times. And new people will come to it,” he added. After Life is just one of Ricky’s many writing successes as he’s created a range of hit shows over the years, many of which he co-wrote with comedian Stephen Merchant. Some of Ricky’s other popular comedies include The Office, Extras and Derek. After Life seasons one to three are available to stream on Netflix now. 