Newcastle could land Borussia Monchengladbach striker Alassane Plea for as little as £12.5million this summer. The French forward, who has reportedly been endorsed by Magpies' star Allan Saint-Maximin, looks set to be part of the Bundesliga side's end-of-season exodus before he enters the final year of his contract. Gladbach have endured quite the fall from grace over the past 12 months. This time last year, the Foals were succumbing to Manchester City in the Champions League Round of 16, however, at present, they face altogether more different concerns. Languishing down in 13th in the Bundesliga table, a mere four points clear of the threat of relegation, Gladbach have endured a season of struggles and uncertainty. The club's sporting director Max Eberl has been replaced by Roland Virkus and, according to SportBILD, the German outfit are set to become a ‘major construction site’ this summer. JUST IN: Mourinho unimpressed with Maitland-Niles and targets Man Utd star  That's because no fewer than ten of the squad are set to be out of contract next summer, including Plea, who has reportedly been attracting the interest of Newcastle. The German outlet report that the 28-year-old striker is among the club's ‘candidates for sale’ and could leave should a club submit an 'adequate offer' of around £12.5m for his services. Gladbach are believed to be keen to avoid losing Plea, as well as the likes of Marcus Thuram and Breel Embolo, on free transfers next year, and are therefore open to a summer fire-sale. The French forward hit a Champions League hat-trick last campaign, but has struggled this time around, only managing to find the net five times in 27 appearances across all competitions. Neville's 'shut people up' prediction proved right after Ronaldo claim (INSIGHT)Man Utd may have perfect Rashford successor as Dortmund star eyes exit (TRANSFERS)Man Utd must avoid repeating mistakes with Rashford contract decision (ANALYSIS)  It is thought Newcastle will revive their interest in Plea come the summer, having eyed him up back in January. The Magpies eventually swooped for Chris Wood instead, however, L'Equipe previously claimed Eddie Howe's side were also considering a summer move. It was even reported by the French outlet that Newcastle privately consulted star winger Saint-Maximin over Plea, to find about more about his former team-mate. The pair enjoyed a productive campaign together at Nice during the 2017-18 season - a year in which Plea achieved his personal best output of 21 goals in 49 appearances.  L'Equipe claim Newcastle like the profile of Plea and have asked Saint-Maximin for further information on the forward, with the French pair having remained friends since spending a season together in France. Plea, who can play centrally and out wide, began his career at Lyon and enjoyed a short spell on loan at Auxerre before earning a move to Nice in 2014. After four years in the French Riviera, Plea joined Gladbach but, with the striker not expected to sign a new deal with the Bundesliga side, he looks set to be on the move once again. 