Serena Williams’ coach Patrick Mouratoglou believes fans should move on from attacking Alexander Zverev following the German’s meltdown in Acapulco. Zverev hit out at the chair umpire’s stand after a doubles loss, but he was ejected from the singles bracket for his actions. Following his actions, the German was hit with a £15,250 fine for verbal abuse, £15,250 for unsportsmanlike conduct and forfeited more than £23,640 in prize money as well as all rankings points earned from singles and doubles action at the Mexican Open. The ATP then found Zverev had committed 'aggravated behaviour' and he was slapped with an additional fine of £19,060 and an eight-week ban from any ATP-sanctioned event. However, the ATP said the ban and the additional fine were suspended, providing that over a probation period ending one year after the incident, Zverev does not incur any more fines for unsportsmanlike conduct. Some people - including 21-time Grand Slam champion Rafael Nadal - criticised the punishment as lenient, but Mouratoglou thinks it was just and it is time for everyone to move on. “When I saw the images of Sascha [Zverev] in Acapulco shouting and hitting the chair umpire’s chair I thought ‘oof, he’s in trouble,’” Mouratoglou said on his YouTube channel. “I realise that he went too far. READ MORE: Ex-Wimbledon champion Boris Becker to stand trial in London “I don’t like when someone makes a mistake and everybody jumps on that person and pulls him down. I think it was a bit too much, what people said. He shouted, he hit the chair, it’s wrong, it’s a mistake, he said that, he’s going to have a punishment, it’s fine.” Mouratoglou’s comments come as a stark contrast to Williams, who condemned the double standards that exist in professional tennis. The 40-year-old suggested she ‘would probably be in jail if I did that, no joke’ after seeing Zverev’s actions. DON'T MISSRafael Nadal reveals breathing difficulties that 'feels like a needle'Medvedev warned his 'family will pay a price' if he denounces PutinRaducanu sent support from Serena Williams' coach after 'tough time' Zverev was ultimately kicked out of the tournament for ‘unsportsmanlike conduct’ after he attacked umpire Alessandro Germani’s char with his racket. The German unleashed a furious tirade at the umpire before aggressively striking the umpire’s chair with his racket on several occasions - coming incredibly close to hitting the official. The 24-year-old has since apologised for his behaviour as his actions were universally condemned throughout the tennis world. After losing in the second round of Indian Wells, Zverev has been displaced as world number three by finalist Rafael Nadal entering the Miami Masters on Wednesday.