Caroline Hawley, who is married to former footballer John Hawley, regularly appears on Flog it!, Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is, and Bargain Hunt. Earlier in her career, the TV star went to study drama in London before joining the University of Hull where she graduated with a degree in French. After piquing an interest in French antiques, the Bargain Hunt star found her calling with 19th-century porcelain, with which her fixation has continued to grow. Meanwhile, Caroline has candidly opened up about her home life and speaks of one four-legged family member with whom she just can’t say no. Speaking about her terrible habit, Caroline told the BBC: “My greatest guilty pleasure is having my dog Mamba in bed for a cuddle, even though he shouldn't really be allowed upstairs!” Beside her pet pooch Mamba, whom she regularly shares photos of on social media, the antique specialist shares two sons from her first marriage, James and Charles. One of her most memorable memories was whilst being pregnant with Charles, the TV star went into labour while she was at an auction bidding. She recalled the moment, saying: "I was heavily pregnant with Charles at one auction, and in fact, I went into labour as I was bidding for something or other. READ MORE:Coronation Street heartache as Summer Spellman destroys Amy's romance? “I managed to buy it before I was carted off to the maternity unit,” Caroline told The Sun. Self-taught, the celebrity auctioneer who would only have been 16-years-old at the time, opened up her first shop called Penny Farthing Antiques, where she established herself in the local area as a shrewd trader. After his stint as a professional footballer, her husband John co-runs their family business Hawleys Auctioneers, an auction shop located in North Cave and Beverley in East Yorkshire. Before taking up a career as a footballer, he briefly worked in his father's antique shop, which later became a fundamental part of his life, particularly after marrying the Bargain Hunt specialist. Regularly featuring as a fan favourite on the BBC show, Caroline has shared many memorable moments but one, in particular, stood out more than others. While detailing her best ever find, she said: “My best ever Bargain Hunt find to date was a lovely gilt hot air balloon light fitting. “[It went] up, up and away to quadruple its £60 purchase price,” she beamed. Taking to social media, Caroline regularly updates her 12.2k followers on Twitter on her day-to-day finds. On Bargain Hunt’s official Twitter page, the programme posted a selection of photographs with Caroline and her BBC co-stars including Natasha Raskin Sharp and Danny Sebastian. The post wrote: “Morning! @NatashaRadio is thrilled to be at @CheltenhamRaces today... “Can the Reds & Blues make it to the final furlong? @Hawley_Caroline and @MrSebDaniel are coming along for the ride! "Don't miss it - @BBCOne @ 12:15pm.” In response, Caroline gushed: “Oh what fun we had!” In 2013, the TV personality was spotted during her stint on Flog It!, and after being a hit with audiences, Caroline was asked to do Bargain Hunt. Her first appearance on Bargain Hunt was filmed at Wetherby Racecourse, to which the BBC specialist likened the experience as a “natural environment” for her to be in. However, despite her relaxed attitude in front of the camera, Caroline did recall the camera crew who filmed her every move, which did take a bit of getting used to. Bargain Hunt airs weekdays on BBC iPlayer at 4.30pm 