The state pension can usually be claimed by those who have paid enough National Insurance throughout their lives. Typically, 10 qualifying years are required to get any state pension at all. But 35 years or more are needed if a person wants the full new state pension. People may get less than this if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. However, there are cases where a person could miss out on annual state pension increases - even if they have paid the full level of contributions. This is simply by virtue of where they choose to live while in receipt of the state pension. READ MORE: State pension payments to increase in April Government rules mean a state pension will only increase each year if a person lives in: The Government website explains: “You will not get yearly increases if you live outside these countries.” The policy is a long-standing one, implemented by various governments over the decades. It is the result of a historical reciprocal social security agreement decided amongst a select handful of countries and the UK to allow for uprating to the state pension. DON'T MISSPension warning as Britons ‘dragged’ into 55% 'stealth' tax [ANALYSIS]Free prescription age could change - some items 'always free' [UPDATE]State pensioners with arthritis could get £89 per week boost [INSIGHT] The End Frozen Pensions Campaign, who calls for awareness on the matter, suggests some 500,000 pensioners are impacted in this way. As living costs rise, the group asserts this means the state pension for these individuals falls in value year on year. It also states over 90 percent of affected pensioners currently live in Commonwealth countries - nations of which almost all are former territories of the British Empire. A number of people recently took to social media to share their thoughts on the matter via the campaign. Twitter user @hardcsatlep remarked: “With inflation at the rate it is maybe Johnson will take pity, he cannot afford 500,000 of us all waiting for hospital treatment let alone swelling the waiting list for dental treatment or even trying to get onto a GPs list.” While user @UKOAP88 said: “When will the frozen UK pensions issue be successfully resolved for state pensioners in Canada? “If the Trudeau Government has no plans to resolve the frozen UK pensions issue, why not, especially given the benefits to the Canadian economy and the federal budget?” Some 1950s born women who were impacted by state pension age changes also joined the discussion. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea @Valcurran1 stated: “Join the ‘50s women club! Waited six years for state pension after 41 years! Also payment reduced due to ‘contracted out’.” A DWP spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk: “We understand that people move abroad for many reasons and that this can impact on their finances. “There is information on GOV.UK about what the effect of going abroad will be on entitlement to the UK state pension. “The Government’s policy on the up-rating of the UK state pension for recipients living overseas is a longstanding one of more than 70 years and we continue to uprate state pensions overseas where there is a legal requirement to do so.”