On Saturday, Max Verstappen stole the headlines by going fastest in Red Bull Racing's challenger as pre-season testing came to a close in Bahrain. But Verstappen remains extremely wary of Ferrari in his bid to secure back-to-back F1 world titles. With less than an hour to go of the three-day testing period in Bahrain, Verstappen produced a lap of 1m 31.720s in his Red Bull RB18. The Dutchman clocked a time 0.695s faster than Charles Leclerc, who was second quickest before Haas' Mick Schumacher's impressive run later in the day. It was a significant statement to his drivers' championship rivals just one week before the 2022 season's curtain-raiser in the Middle East. However, Verstappen isn't getting too giddy after Ferrari impressed many with Leclerc and Carlos Sainz's pace in pre-season. JUST IN: Wolff had Hamilton chat in kitchen to prevent Brit quitting Mercedes Despite eventually going fastest in Bahrain last week, Verstappen reserved praise for Ferrari after consistently impressive showings throughout pre-season testing. He said: "They [Ferrari] look strong, very solid, just decent. They are quick; you see that in the long run and short run, and I think that is good for Formula 1. "We all know where they are coming from the last two years, so I hope we can match them or be close to them. We will find out in Q3." READ MORE: Lando Norris admits enjoying 'drama' between Hamilton and Verstappen Verstappen isn't the only Red Bull figure to tip Ferrari as early favourites to be leading the pack this season. Christian Horner also believes the Scuderia were the stand-out team in both pre-season testing weeks in Barcelona and Bahrain. "For me, the car that looks the most settled on the circuit is the Ferrari at the moment," Horner explained. "They have had a very strong testing period so far, both in Barcelona and Bahrain. I would say they have looked extremely competitive on the track. However, Horner reminded that the development of cars on the grid would be 'fast and intense' and admitted he expects Mercedes to find their footing in their bid for a ninth successive constructors' title. He added: "But you have to remember these cars are still very immature. "The rate of development will be fast and intense and I expect that to change and Mercedes will be a huge factor in this championship, I have no doubt." All eyes are now aiming at this weekend as the 2022 F1 season finally gets underway at the Bahrain International Circuit.