Paramount Network’s critically acclaimed ranch series Yellowstone officially aired their season five finale in January with a jaw-dropping cliffhanger. As fans eagerly await the release of its fifth instalment, actor Jefferson White who played Jimmy Hurdstram opened up about filming in a different state from the cast.  Reflecting on the season four episode titled ‘No Kindness for the Coward,’ White stated: “Kathryn and I were effectively the only cast in Texas. “We were sort of separate from the rest of the cast that stayed in Montana to shoot and so it was amazing for us to have that opportunity to build that world ourselves, just us.” Back in season four, Jimmy had decided to leave the Dutton ranch behind him and relocate to Montana. There he met Emily (Kathryn Kelly), a veterinary technician who tested his skills by tasking Jimmy to tend to the ranch’s stallions. READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot? However, Emily wasted no time making her moves on the cowboy, with some major flirting. Emily star Kathryn opened up about Jimmy and shared: “He has this sort of innocence about him where he doesn't even know how to play games if he wanted to.” The video included clips of the two bonding and getting to know each other, including the scene where Jimmy opens up to her about his run-ins with law enforcement. Reflecting on the episode, that actress adds: “I think that that’s super refreshing and she’s super attracted to that.” Although fans will recall Jimmy initially showed his interest in Mia (Eden Brolin), it looked as though Emily was able to turn his head. After much flirting Emily decided she wanted to take it a step further and ask him out on a date. She made the bold move and told him: “Look, you’re one of six single guys in this county under 30, thought I’d go on and make my move before you go and get all scooped up.” With no sign of Mia, Jimmy accepted the date and decided to take her out to dinner which ended with a smooch. DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods' Eddie star left 'in tears' for new project [INSIGHT]Y1883’s Noemi star on ‘brutal scene’ she can’t watch [INSIGHT]Yellowstone season 5: Summer's release from jail 'sealed' after clue? [THEORY] However, as things progressed Emily gave him an ultimatum and told him he needed to decide if he wanted to be serious and pursue the relationship. Which he did, and when he returned to the Dutton ranch he told everyone she was his fiancee. Upon talking to John Dutton (Kevin Costner), Jimmy revealed he wanted to return to Texas to be with Emily, so he packed his things and said farewell to his friends. Jimmy was certain he wanted to return to the four sixes ranch in Texas to start a future with his wife to be. Thankfully, this won't be the last viewers will see of Jimmy as Yellowstone confirmed he would have his own spin-off series titled ‘6666’ White opened up about the new show and revealed viewers will learn even more about the life of modern cattle ranchers. The actor told Entertainment Weekly: “Anytime I think I know what should happen next, something completely different happens and it’s way better than my idea. “Taylor has only ever surprised us, thrown us curveballs that we never would have expected, and that is the greatest gift.” Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on the Paramount Network in the USA now. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 