Hypermiling is when people change and alter their driving habits in a bid to maximise fuel efficiency, saving as much money as possible. Despite Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s recent fuel duty cut of five pence per litre, many drivers are still seeing eye watering prices at the petrol and diesel pumps. Kevin Brooker is a Guinness World Record holder and one of the most successful hypermilers in the UK. He works for National Parks in Brecon, but lives in Swansea, with Kevin attempting to relieve his boredom on the 70 mile round trip. The 44-year-old said: “It was almost a way to gamify it, to get the fuel I was using to go further. “I was learning the techniques to get the most out of that gallon. READ MORE: Drivers rage at EVs taking over as chargers to outnumber fuel pumps  “The bonus was I was saving money. Over a month, I could save up to £50 without really increasing my journey time. “Most cars have a range metre now, telling you how many miles you have left. “You do find you try to go further than the car thinks it can go on the fuel you’ve got,” he told the Guardian. Mr Brooker urges drivers to follow his tips to help them potentially save hundreds of pounds per year. DON'T MISSMotorists urged to save on fuel costs by only half-filling tank [INSIGHT]Wheeler Dealers Mike Brewer believes 2030 car ban will be delayed [COMMENT]Severe concerns over car tax changes as drivers warned of road pricing [SHOCKING]  One of the most important tips is to avoid harsh accelerating or braking. In a conventional fuelled car, every time a driver uses the brakes, they are wasting that energy. Most hybrids and electric vehicles have regenerative braking, meaning around 70 percent of the energy goes back into the battery. Another key piece of advice is to look ahead and watch the flow of traffic.  Mr Brooker said: “Read the road ahead for traffic lights and roundabouts, so you always keep moving. “If there’s a green light a fair distance off, there’s a high probability it will be red by the time you get to it. “It’s all about pacing, so you get there when it’s green. With roundabouts, feed into them rather than stop.” Drivers should also slow down when it is reasonable to do so, and in the highest possible gear without labouring the engine.  When on the road, motorists shouldn’t “hold the gears in high revs” and should keep with the flow of the traffic. Latest data from RAC Fuel Watch shows that petrol and diesel prices are continuing to decrease, as the RAC states costs “should fall”. On average, drivers are paying 163.52p for a litre of petrol, while super unleaded comes in at 176.14p per litre. Diesel drivers are still feeling the effects of the higher prices, with a litre costing 177.47p, resulting in most motorists paying almost £100 for a full tank of fuel. Kevin Brooker also advises drivers to look at potentially switching their cars, as he drives a Hyundai Ioniq electric car. Brooker has worked out the electricity for his round trip to work now costs 97p, despite soaring electricity prices. One of his world records comes in an electric car, as he was able to drive from John o'Groats to Land’s End with just one stop to recharge.