Manchester United are reportedly in the mix to sign Harry Kane from Tottenham when the transfer window reopens at the end of the season. The England international came close to joining Manchester City last year, with Pep Guardiola eyeing a deal throughout the summer. However, a move to Old Trafford could now be on the cards instead. According to The Athletic, United are likely to pursue Kane amid uncertainty over the futures of Edinson Cavani, Anthony Martial and Mason Greenwood. Super-agent Jorge Mendes is supposedly preparing for a potential transfer by looking at bringing the likes of Darwin Nunez and Tammy Abraham to Tottenham as replacements. Kane has regained his mojo under Antonio Conte this term, having previously struggled for consistency under Nuno Espirito Santo. And United, even without Champions League football, are likely to pursue the 28-year-old as they plan for a brighter future. Last summer, Tottenham priced City out of a deal by demanding close to £200million to let their talisman go. So, with United potentially needing to lower the striker’s asking price, Express Sport will take a look at the options they may include in a swap deal. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United were convinced they were signing a future Ballon d’Or winner when they landed Martial from Monaco back in 2015. But the France international has blown hot and cold throughout his United career under the likes of Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Martial is currently on loan with La Liga side Sevilla but is yet to truly get going, scoring just once so far. United still believe there’s a top player in the forward, meaning they may be tempted to offer him to Tottenham. Martial was of interest to Spurs when Mauricio Pochettino ruled the roost and, if Kane goes, they’ll need a new forward as a replacement. That’s where the 26-year-old may come in, though his valuation is likely to be lower than it was a couple of years ago. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Over at Tottenham, Hugo Lloris is approaching the twilight years of his career. So United may be tempted to include Dean Henderson in a potential deal for Kane, with the England international likely to be on the move. Henderson had been expecting to be the Red Devils’ No 1 at the start of the season, only for coronavirus to give David De Gea the chance to keep the jersey for himself. United value the shot-stopper at close to £50m. And that would be one way of driving Kane’s asking price down, though whether Tottenham would accept his inclusion is up in the air. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here On his day, Marcus Rashford can be one of the best players in the world. But his form has dropped off alarmingly this term and there’s a sense his potential would potentially be fulfilled elsewhere, under the right manager. So what about under Conte at Tottenham? United know Rashford has the potential to become world-class away from Old Trafford but getting Kane in return would soften the blow of losing him to their rivals. He’s not truly developed since bursting onto the scene under Van Gaal and leaving United, for the sake of his career, would possibly be the right move. United may struggle to convince Tottenham into letting Kane go due to the tense relationship between the two sides. Daniel Levy was livid when the Red Devils signed Dimitar Berbatov in 2008, having previously allowed the Bulgarian to talk with Manchester City. In the time since, United have come calling for Luka Modric, Gareth Bale, Toby Alderweireld and Eric Dier. But none of the quartet were allowed to move to Old Trafford, with Levy putting his foot down. Whether United can do something they’ve not done for 14 years, by poaching a Tottenham player, remains to be seen.