One of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's favourite holiday destinations is Tromso, in Norway, an idyllic spot the couple visited soon after they announced they were dating in 2017. It is believed the couple stayed at Tromvik Lodge Airbnb, a stunning property with views of the Northern Lights. Harry and Meghan enjoyed a romantic break which reportedly included winter adventure activities such as husky sledging and reindeer feeding. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex also visited Montego Bay, in Jamaica, to attend the wedding of one of Harry's best friends: Tom Inksip.  They had a private villa at the five-star Round Hill Hotel and Villas. READ MORE: Cheapest city in Australia for expats named - and it's 'wonderful' Also in 2017, the couple visited Botswana to celebrate Meghan's 36th birthday. It is believed this was a very special trip and one of their favourite getaways as Prince Harry later designed Meghan's engagement ring himself using a central diamond from Botswana. During the trip, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex visited UNESCO World Heritage Sites and worked on conservation projects. Harry explained: "I managed to persuade her to come and join me in Botswana.  "We camped out with each other under the stars.  "She came and joined me for five days out there, which was absolutely fantastic," he explained during their first interview with the BBC. The couple also went on holiday to Toronto, Canada. Meghan had lived in Toronto for many years while filming the TV show Suits. It was reported the couple also visited Ibiza in August with their son Archie. Meghan had previously been in Ibiza in 2016 before she started dating Prince Harry. The Balearic Islands, in Spain, have been a favourite of the Royal Family, who have spent many summer breaks there. Prince Harry, Princess Beatrice and Eugenie were spotted many times on the Spanish island of Mallorca. Prince Charles and Princess Diana also spent many holidays with King Juan Carlos of Spain, Queen Sofia, and their family.  Sharing her opinion on Tripadvisor, traveller Mara Mandara recommended the town of Alcudia, in Mallorca: "Beautiful old town. It's a beautiful well kept old town. "I hear one of the oldest in Majorca. Lots of restaurants, quaint shops and ice cream parlours. It was worth the visit." Spain is a very affordable destination with many holiday deals and offers available every month. Holiday packages to Mallorca with online travel agent Holidaypirates are available for the end of March for just £165 per person, as well as flights and a three-night stay in Ibiza for just £173.