Spain was home to around a third of UK expats in the EU before new post-Brexit rules were implemented at the beginning of last year. Under new legislation, Britons can only stay in the country for up to 90 days within a 180 period without a visa. It is understood UK nationals will also need a visa waiver to enter Spain by the end of the year. Now, real estate agent Henny Illingworth, based in Malaga, said the Brexit changes have resulted in many expats “selling up because it’s just not worth it for them”. But Express.co.uk readers have hit back, suggesting there are, in fact, many other issues at play. Ms Illingworth said: “Previously as an EU citizen, I had the right to be here and now I just have permission to stay… “It leaves me feeling ‒ am I safe? Am I stable here? It’s not a very nice feeling to live with.” Reader Prince Igor said: “And you don't think a worldwide Covid pandemic, an Energy Crisis or a threatened nuclear war has anything to do with the instability you're experiencing?” They joked: “Aah! Right, it must be Brexit, eh! Do those Remoaners never give up?” GoldenGordon wrote: “‘Some people are selling up’ – When has this not been the case? People move back to the UK for all sorts of reasons.” NotAyresomePark joked: “Ha, Brexit Britain is more attractive than the EU.” Mark2001 added: “Removers love to complain and are never happy.” READ MORE: Russia and Ukraine edge closer to deal to bring war to an end For Littleislander, the changes formed an illustration of “EU regulations and red tape killing the economy of Spain and other eu countries relying on tourism for a large part of their income.” But DistinguishedGentleman stressed the rules would not harm expats but simply those who wish to travel to Spain for long (that is, longer than 90 days) holidays. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] They wrote: “When you move abroad with the intention to settle down, then you are an IMMIGRANT, not a expat nor a tourist. “An expat is someone who moves abroad to work for a short period of time, and a tourist is someone who visit a country on holidays.” Jdan added: “Why don't they apply for Spanish residency or do they want the best of both countries.”