In the new series of Wheeler Dealers: Dream Car, car dealer Mike Brewer and mechanic Marc ‘Elvis’ Priestly help hapless petrolheads trade up their unwanted vehicles to get them the car of their dreams. Mike Brewer said the new series was a “challenge” as they had to make major trades to get people their dream cars. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “With the new series we’ve got lots to look forward to. “We’ve really challenged ourselves this time to trade up for people that really deserve it. “We start off with their old banger and trade up to the car of their dreams. “We’ve got some great stories this time. There are some people, this is their last hoorah. READ MORE: Britons urged to ban cars on Sundays to reduce petrol and diesel costs “We’ve got a surfer who wants to get off the beat and track and surf where nobody else has surfed and she needs a roughty toughty 4x4 for that. “There’s a man who had a baby over lockdown and his in-laws are in Hungary so he would like to drive across Europe to them so they can see their grandchild. “These people, either through lockdown or just misfortune, they’ve fallen on hard times and we just want to help them.” Mr Brewer highlighted how this series was different to Wheeler Dealers, with the team working to make petrolheads' dreams come true. DON'T MISSNew diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ [SHOCKING]Millions of drivers risk jail and fines for Six Nations drink driving [WARNING]Petrol and diesel prices could smash £2 a litre by May [ANALYSIS] He continued, saying: “In the series we trade all kinds of things like motorbikes, jet skis, glamping pods, and the end result we get them their dream car. “We had £500 and a charity worker needed a car worth essentially thousands of pounds. “That was difficult, we really have to trade and dig deep, me and Elvis and work our way up through a series of trades. “There is nothing to gain for me or Elvis in this show, like Wheeler Dealers we buy a car, we fix it up and we sell it. “In this show, there is no profit or gain for me and Elvis, it’s purely for love.” Mike Brewer and Marc ‘Elvis’ Priestly attended the Practical Classics Classic Car and Restoration Show in Birmingham over the weekend. They spoke about the new series of Wheeler Dealers: Dream Car, as former Wheeler Dealers mechanic, Ant Anstead, built a Tipo 184 over the course of the three days. Speaking before the event, Lee Masters, Show Director at the Practical Classics Classic Car and Restoration Show said he was excited for its return. He told Express.co.uk: “Classic cars play an important part worldwide in various heritages and it is key for us to shine a spotlight on how individuals can maintain their vehicles but also inspire younger generations to consider taking up a career in the field of mechanics and engineering, specialising in classic vehicle restoration. “The thing I enjoy most about a classic car is that they are filled with mystery and character. “It’s exciting to discover their provenance and find out about who has owned them previously and the life they have lived before they found you. “You can feel the enthusiasm of the visitors who join us over the three days and it really is a hive of excitement.” Wheeler Dealers: Dream Car starts tonight on the Discovery Channel at 9pm or on Discovery+.