Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel could struggle to keep midfield maestro Jorginho at Stamford Bridge for much longer after his agent's latest comments. The Italian has been described as 'very important' by the Blues boss but, according to Joao Santos, another destination remains in his heart. Last season was broadly considered the best of Jorginho's career. Virtually irreplaceable in midfield for both Chelsea and Italy, he anchored the sides to Champions League and Euro 2020 triumphs respectively. Napoli boss Maurizio Sarri was among those to tip the 30-year-old for the Ballon d'Or. He eventually came home third in voting behind Lionel Messi and Robert Lewandowski. The fact that he has not necessarily been the first name on the team sheet at Stamford Bridge this season is a perfect reflection of their supremely talented midfield contingent, rather than a swift demise. N'Golo Kante and Mateo Kovacic have routinely given Tuchel selection headaches with their superb performances. JUST IN: Barcelona shirt numbers Robert Lewandowski could wear with 'contract offer prepared' Jorginho has still featured regularly this campaign, but it remains to be seen for how much longer he will accept not being the main midfield attraction. His agent, Santos, has never been shy when discussing his future and stayed true to form at the Pallermo Football Conference. "For him, playing in Serie A is a dream," he admitted, per TMW. "His heart is there. Today he can play in four or five teams: AC Milan, Inter Milan, Juventus, Roma or Napoli." DON'T MISS...Jermain Defoe retires: Star explains decision to hang up his bootsTen Hag’s camp respond to Manchester United interview and how it wentLiverpool consider transfer swoop for 'next Sadio Mane' with £83m tag Jorginho made his Italy debut midway through a five-season stint at Napoli, rapidly becoming one of their midfield pillars and amassing over 40 caps. His metronomic passing and penalty specialism make him something of a unique package in European football, even if his work is not always the most eye-catching. As such, it would be tough for Chelsea to venture out and replace him in the transfer market. Declan Rice has been linked with the Blues for some time, but a price-tag soaring as high as £150million is set to make him a much less enticing prospect. "[Jorginho is] in love with this game," said Tuchel back in August, "This is the feeling he transmits in the first minute and he never stops transmitting this energy that he’s really into the game and thinking about tactics and loves to be involved. "That makes him a very, very important player and a huge link in the middle of the pitch, not only for us but also for Italy."