Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles got engaged in 2005 - 34 years after their first meeting. His Royal Highness presented Camilla with one of the most incredible diamond rings from the Royal Family’s Collection. Charles and Camilla declared their engagement on February 10, 2005. While little is known about the couple’s engagement, Camilla did reveal that the Prince of Wales dropped down on one knee to propose, as is customary. Prince Charles expressed his excitement at the time of the engagement in an official announcement: “Mrs. Parker Bowles and I are very pleased. It will be a memorable day for our family and us.” In addition, Clarence House only confirmed the ring to be a Royal Family heirloom, and gave no more details. READ MORE: Prince George is not ‘a spoiled child’ - expert analysis Charles and Camilla declared their engagement on February 10, 2005. While little is known about the couple’s engagement, Camilla did reveal that the Prince of Wales dropped down on one knee to propose, as is customary. Prince Charles expressed his excitement at the time of the engagement in an official announcement: “Mrs. Parker Bowles and I are very pleased. It will be a memorable day for our family and us.” In addition, Clarence House only confirmed the ring to be a Royal Family heirloom, and gave no more details. But the piece is widely believed the ring had come from the Queen Mother’s collection. The platinum Art Deco design features a five-carat emerald-cut diamond at its centre, with additional baguettes on the sides. While it was not the Queen Mother’s engagement ring, she was seen wearing it in the 1980s. It is believed to be a piece passed on from one generation to the next, with the Queen Mother being given it in 1929. DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton’s ‘loyalty’ and ‘integrity’ shown with signature jewel [BODY LANGUAGE]Meghan Markle weight loss: The one exercise Duchess avoids [INTERVIEW]Prince Charles’s 2nd marriage 'more successful' for three reasons [EXCLUSIVE] She then recieved it from King George VI. As for who designed the ring, or where it was made, this is unknown. Leading jewellery expert Max Stone, from Steven Stone jewellers took a closer look at the ring. He estimated it to be worth £212,500 on today’s market, and while that is a considerable sum, compared to Princess Diana’s engagement ring which is valued at £390,000 and is worn by Kate Middleton, it’s not the most expensive ring in the collection. Max said: “The style of Camilla’s ring is completely different to Princess Diana’s. “Camilla’s three-stone diamond ring is traditional, while Diana’s sapphire ring is bold, and broke royal tradition at the time. “Camilla's ring once would have had a stronger connection to the Royal Family as it's been passed down from the Queen Mother. “However, now as Kate Middleton has inherited Diana's ring, it's become a new royal heirloom in its own right." Charles and Camilla then married in a civil wedding at Windsor Guildhall on April 9, 2005. Following that, the couple traveled to St. George’s Chapel at Windsor Castle to receive the Archbishop of Canterbury’s official marriage blessing. The ring is just one of many pieces Camilla owns from the Queen Mother’s collection. The Duchess of Cornwall is also know for wearing the Greville Tiara, another royal adornment that was passed down from Charles' grandma.