The energy price cap, which was introduced back in 2019, sets a limit on the maximum amount suppliers can charge for each unit of gas and electricity used. It is reviewed every six months, with the cap rising by 54 percent in April. This could add on average, around £693 a year to household energy bills. With many worried about the price hike, one expert has shared different ways UK households can prepare for April 1. Lauren Tomkins, Resident Service Manager at Grainger’s Gatehouse Apartments has shared her alternative household hacks and tips, to help cut down the energy usage in homes and to help save on rising costs. The expert has shared an “oven” hack for heating the home “naturally”. Lauren said: “If your home has an open plan kitchen and living space, believe it or not, the oven is a fantastic source of heat. “Next time you are cooking a meal, be sure to turn off the heating, as over time, the cooker will naturally heat your living space. “This way you can enjoy a tasty home cooked meal in the warmth of a cosy apartment, whilst reducing your energy consumption at the same time.” READ MORE: Lawn care: The ‘crucial’ mowing trick to avoid lawns diseases As the weather is slowly starting to get warmer, it might be time to ditch the tumble dryer. Lauren explained that homeowners should begin to limit the amount of times they use their tumble dryers each week. She said: “As the days get brighter and the temperature gets warmer, there’s no better time to cut back on using your tumble dryer. “Switch out hours of tumble drying for a low-cost airer and benefit from the improving weather to naturally air-dry clothes in your home. “You can even pick a handy airer which hangs neatly over a door to save on space and money, plus your home will be filled with the scent of lovely freshly laundered washing.” DON'T MISS: ‘The risk is real’: Monty Don shares warning on Gardeners’ World [INSIGHT]Gardening: The ‘most effective’ solution for getting rid of all kinds [EXPERT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans ‘easy’ trick to remove bathroom ceiling mould [TIPS] For those who do wish to use their tumble dryer “use it once, for every two washes in one day”. Lauren continued: “Do one wash, then leave the wet items aside whilst the second wash is on, then combine the suitable items from both washes into one drying load and hang up the remainder of clothing items. “This will reduce the number of times you need to use the tumble dryer in a day, as you’re not drying each load separately.” Homeowners can also use heated towel rails rather than tumble dryers. The expert said: “If you have heated towel racks in your bathroom, these are a great way to start the drying process. “Pop your wet towels on the heaters for an hour, then when the towels feel damp, hang on the airer to dry naturally, without the need for a tumble dryer.” This is a far cheaper way to dry towels than using a tumble dryer. Lauren also suggested that homeowners should be strategic when it comes to using the dishwasher. She said: “Let’s face it, no one enjoys the task of washing dishes after a meal and for many modern-day renters, a dish washer is often considered a deal breaker when selecting a new apartment. “My top tip boils down to your dishwasher packing technique, treat it almost like a game of Tetris, fill the dishwasher as much as possible, as this will ensure it’s only used every couple of days and won’t massively impact your energy usage. “Make sure you are utilising all the space available within the machine, pack cups, glasses and cooking utensils on the top shelf of the dishwasher, leaving space below for plates to be neatly stacked in a row, with bowls and casserole dishes – therefore using the washer less and reducing energy usage and associated bills.” Also, energy saving bulbs are always a great way to save on energy bills. Lauren said: “If you’re looking to keep your apartment bright but also want to save money on electricity bills, switching to energy saving light bulbs or solar powered lamps is a must. “Energy-efficient bulbs and solar powered lighting will help to lower electricity bills and CO2 emissions, without reducing the quality of light in your home.”