Oleg Ustenko, an economic adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, has called for Europe to place an embargo on Russian oil. Mr Ustenko went on to blast the delay in European countries agreeing to ban Russia's gas imports, branding it "completely unacceptable". Mr Ustenko told Sky News: "When we are talking about sending money, sending money to the regime of Vladimir Putin in terms of buying the oil and not put in an embargo, an oil embargo, it means that we are sending globally we are sending 1 billion US dollars daily to finance the Russian military machine. "It's completely unacceptable after the United States already introduced an embargo on Russian oil, Europe is still not doing the same. "We see the various discussions with the plans, various politicians who are making different statements but in our view, it's completely unacceptable for us here in Kyiv for our people who are needed to be hidden in shelters. "Kids who are killed, 150 children were already killed in Ukraine, more than 1000 women were already raped by Russian soldier...and our general prosecutor office is also fixed another information related to finance and war crime. He added: "Because everybody who is sending the money to finance military machine of Russia for us is also an ensign war crime. "We are keeping all this information. "We are keeping the information in terms of delivery of Russian oil from all Russian ports all over the world." It comes as Ukraine MP Dymtro Gurin hit out at Germany in very strong terms over the reluctance of Berlin to halt the purchase of Russian supplies gas on which the German economy relies. Mr Gurin spoke to Express.co.uk by phone from the heart of the Ukrainian capital Kyiv which is currently at risk of encirclement by invading Russian troops. Mr Gurin told Express.co.uk: "It's a very simple story. "Germany has to understand that by buying Russian gas they're financing the mass murder. "That's a very simple sorry. DON'T MISS:Ukraine poised to unleash deadly new weapon on Putin's troops [INSIGHT]Putin's Brexit mistake has Russia scrambling as UK leads fight [ANALYSIS]David Davis tells Johnson to 'trigger Article 16' in NI [VIDEO] "Germany and not other European countries, they are afraid they will not get gas and because they fear their financing mass-murdering." Australia, Britain, Canada, and the United States have imposed outright bans on Russian oil purchases following Moscow's invasion of Ukraine, but 27 members of the European Union remain divided. Poland and the Baltic states are in favour of the restrictions, but Germany has warned against decisions that could further increase energy prices and cause an economic recession, while Hungary is against. An EU embargo would require unanimous approval from all 27 member states. 