Ukraine created a special hotline open to the relatives of Russian soldiers sent to invade the country amid reports Russia is downplaying its losses. Parents, siblings, and partners have been jamming the lines in hope of learning what happened to their loved ones as Kyiv reported more than 10,000 Russian troops have been killed so far. Moscow has claimed 500 dead since February 24, as reports emerged suggesting Russia has been leaving behind the bodies of its casualties or disposing of them in mobile crematoriums. Christina, who has been manning the call centre in Kyiv, claimed they have received as many as 6,000 calls since the start of the invasion as many have not been able to contact the soldiers since then. Speaking to CNN's Alex Marquardt, Christina said: "We will help find their relatives who were deceived and who without knowing where and why they are doing, find themselves in our country. "And secondly, we will help to stop the war in general. "[In Russia] they don't know what's actually going on in Ukraine so the second goal of the hotline is to deliver the truth." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR LIVE RUSSIA-UKRAINE BLOG  Asked about calls standing out to her, she said: "A father called, he said, 'our children are being used as cannon fodder. "Politicians and VIPs are playing their games, solving their issues while our children have to die'." The US broadcaster gained access to recordings of some of the calls, showing desperate wives trying to find out what had happened to their husbands. The call centre operative asked: "When was the last time he contacted you?" READ MORE: Putin sparks panic with export ban impacting smartphones, cars and medical equipment The Russian speaker said: "On the 23rd of February when he crossed the border. He said [he was going] towards Kyiv." Another wife insisted their soldiers had not been informed about the invasion, and she insisted the troops were not to blame. She said: "This is not our fault. Please, understand that they were forced. "I also want this to end, I want everyone to live in peace." Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky last week claimed Moscow had deployed mobile crematoriums to dispose of the bodies of fallen soldiers. DON'T MISS: Do you think Brexit contributed to the invasion of Ukraine? [POLL]Brave freedom fighters will never bow to Putin [COMMENT]Russia 'wants to erase Ukraine from history' [REPORT] Ukraine's military intelligence said on Tuesday that Ukrainian forces have killed a Russian general near the besieged city of Kharkiv, the second Russian senior commander to die in the invasion. Major General Vitaly Gerasimov, first deputy commander of Russia's 41st army, was killed on Monday, the Chief Directorate of Intelligence of Ukraine's defence ministry said in a statement. Russia's defence ministry could not be immediately reached for comment. Kyiv claimed they managed to intercept encrypted Russian communications confirming Gerasimov's death.