Chelsea might be rueing the fact that they did not include buy-back clauses in two transfers. It comes as Andreas Christensen prepares to leave at the end of the season for Barcelona when his contract expires. Chelsea star Christensen will see his contract expire at the end of the season and looks set to leave. Barcelona have made the Denmark international an offer and he is on the verge of agreeing a free transfer to the Nou Camp. The Blues have seen a number of top-rated youngsters leave in recent years, including two centre-backs. And they might be regretting those decisions as they will now have to fork out top money to replace Christensen, with Sevilla’s £60million-rated Jules Kounde linked. Fikayo Tomori and Marc Guehi joined AC Milan and Crystal Palace respectively and have gone on to be major successes. While Chelsea made nearly £50m from both the sales, they could be worth as much as that each now and have quickly became fan favourites. Either would be a dream transfer for Thomas Tuchel now, who also could lose Cesar Azpilicueta and Antonio Rudiger at the end of the season with their contracts also set to expire. Tomori has been a regular for Milan this season, who are contesting with their local rivals Inter Milan for the Serie A title. And Guehi has missed just one match all campaign and has even captained Palace on occasion in his first season at Selhurst Park. While there is no hope of bringing Tomori back from the San Siro, where a buy-back clause is not included, there is some over Guehi. The 21-year-old might not have a buy-back clause either but Chelsea can match any accepted bid for the defender. It means that the Blues have the chance to bring the England Under-21 international back to Stamford Bridge. But the west London side do not get the opportunity to dictate the price, meaning they could end up forking out more than they would have if they had just kept him. Chelsea had been put in a difficult position by both Tomori and Guehi, with both telling the club at the time that they wanted first-team football. The irony is that the duo would have that in abundance next year with Tuchel preparing for a defensive overhaul against his wishes.