While this may seem like a risible scenario, it's definitely been a concern for some viewers, who are more used to a sedate, buttoned-up affair when it comes to Jane Austen-style dramas. Case in point, prior to the release of the first season, one fan asked actress Nicola Coughlan whether the show was "very sexy" or "safe to watch with my mother". The Penelope Featherington star didn't mince her words: "VERY SEXY YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED." Another harried fan posted on Twitter: "I’ve seen a million great reviews for #bridgertonnetflix - and NOT ONE OF THEM tells me whether it’s safe to watch with my parents. I do not want to watch a “period drama meets Gossip Girl” with them if it’s full of sex scenes." Again, Coughlan obliged: "There is a bare bottom less than 5 minutes into #Bridgerton. It is RACY you have been warned." Coughlan has even spoken about fast-forwarding through the raunchier scenes while watching the show with her mother and getting told off for some of the more naughty moments. Regé-Jean Page, who is better known as the smouldering hero Simon Bassett, the Duke of Hastings has spoken about relatives watching those Bridgerton sex scenes. Appearing on The Graham Norton Show, Page said: "We've got a family WhatsApp group, so there's a couple flashing red light emojis and there's the odd peach emoji — certain people have threatened to rate my peach." He continued: "A couple of cousins missed the memo. So they're watching the show and I got a very stern message in my Instagram DMs just going, 'There really needs to be a cousin warning.'" One of Page's cousins told him: "I had to make so many tactical cups of tea — I left the room to make my tactical cup of tea and came back and you were still going!'" So, it's safe to say, some may wish to know when these more intimate moments are so they can either make their own well-timed cuppas or hit fast-forward if viewing with family. READ MORE: Bridgerton: Will Rege-Jean Page appear as Duke amid book 2 scene?  Bridgerton has rejuvenated the Regency period drama with its colour-blind casting, instrumental covers of pop songs and romps. The producers dispensed with the bonnets and took some creative licence with their vibrant and hyper-real vision of 1880s English society. Season one is an adaptation of American author Julia Quinn's first novel in the Bridgerton series titled The Duke and I, recounting the love story between the Duke of Hastings and Daphne Bridgerton (played by Phoebe Dynevor). From the breakdown below, it seems the more racy scenes tend to be towards the second half of season one. Nonetheless, there are a fair few moments earlier on to leave audiences hot under the collar, including in the first five minutes as Coughlan mentioned. The Netflix show very much takes its cue from the books which feature a litany of sex scenes, however, both in the screen adaptation and the source text, these racy scenes are important in forwarding the plot. This is particularly true of season one, which is about a young woman's sexual awakening and a man's vow to never sire an heir by relying on Regency Era forms of contraception. READ MORE: Is Eloise pregnant in Bridgerton season 2? 3.10 Viscount Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey) and opera singer Siena Rosso (Sabrina Bartlett) are in the throes of passion against a tree with the eldest Bridgerton son running late for an appointment with Queen Charlotte (Golda Rosheuvel). There's a footman only yards away from the Viscount, calling on him to make haste. 15.22 Anthony goes to the opera house to see his lover Siena for a tryst but duty calls and you get the first hint of discord in their relationship with the push and pull of his class compared to hers. He says he has to go to protect his sisters from defilement - foreshadowing the moment when the Duke and Daphne get caught later on in the gardens. 43.01 Not so much a sex scene but Anthony and Siena in bed together again post-coitus. He's again looking at his watch and has somewhere to be, hinting at his duty as the head of House Bridgerton. Anthony makes the decision to break up with Siena as he declares he needs to find a wife. 4.00 The Duke - who has a reputation for being a rake of the highest order - finishes a brief liaison and heads out to promenade with Daphne as they continue their ruse to avert Lady Whistledown's (Dame Julie Andrews) gaze. 37.33 Daphne discovers herself after Simon tells her about how to pleasure oneself in an enlightening moment for the socialite, who like most of her peers, are kept in the dark about what happens in the bedroom in a well-intentioned but poorly-thought-out manner to preserve their honour. READ MORE: What happened to Edmund Bridgerton? The tragic backstory 25.54 Not so much a sex scene but there's an oodle of bare flesh as Benedict Bridgerton (Luke Thompson) pursues his love of art and goes to a friend's home to draw still life nudes. 3.27 More of a pre-sex scene. Daphne and Simon kiss amid the gardens but before their passionate moment can get much further, they are discovered by Anthony. When Simon refuses to marry Daphne, Anthony challenges his friend to a duel to defend her and the family's honour. 4.54 After calling for a duel, which could result in death, Anthony goes back to win Siena and promises they can be together. But of course it's the night before the dual with Simon, hence Anthony's hasty decision to rekindle his romance with the opera singer. 19.24 Benedict gets hot and heavy with the Modiste Genevieve Lacroix (Kathryn Drysdale) and another woman in the midst of an orgy. He also see his friend Sir Henry Granville (Julian Ovenden) in a compromising position with another gentleman Lord Wetherby (Ned Porteous). 50.56 So begins Daphne and Simon's passionate wedding night and the famous line "I burn for you". It's a subtle moment but the Duke withdraws to prevent a chance of his wife falling pregnant. 5.45 Daphne and Simon have a brief morning moment on their honeymoon before she begins her duty as Duchess. 11.48 - 15.20 Daphne and Simon embark on a series of alfresco trysts. Simon withdraws again and it doesn't pass Daphne's attention this time when she asks if it hurts him when he climaxes. It's a telling moment and shows how Daphne has been kept in the dark about sex much to her disadvantage. The montage also includes a moment in the library with the servants trying to listen at the door and peek through the keyhole. 45.25 There's a closing shot of the Duke sans clothes as he prepares for bed. 43.11 The pair get frisky in the Duke's study as he's going through his accounts. Daphne starts to realise something is amiss with Simon's mid-coitus behaviour. She goes to ladies maid Rose (Molly McGlynn) to find out how to become with child. Daphne finally learns the truth about the birds and the bees, realising Simon's deception. 48.16 Daphne and Simon have sex but she refuses to let him withdraw at the crucial moment. The pair have an argument after Daphne reveals she knows he can have children but chose to keep it from her. DON'T MISS...Bridgerton: Who is the mystery woman with Benedict? [ANALYSIS]Why can't Anthony Bridgerton be with Siena? Break up explained [INSIGHT]Bridgerton season 2: What will Bridgerton series 2 be about?[EXPLAINER] 12.03 Daphne and Simon are still at odds with each other but their passion remains strong as they have a steamy moment on the stairs of their London residence Hastings House. But the Duke refuses to take things much further after no long trusting Daphne not to try to fall pregnant. 21.34 Siena and Anthony cannot resist one another when their eyes meet across the ring at a boxing match and the pair take a tumble under the benches while the fight continues up above. 34.01 Anthony and Siena appear to be very much an item once more as they are back together. Sadly, for Anthony, this is the end of the line for his romance with Siena who breaks up with him as she wants to be loved for who she is rather than fit neatly into society. Siena finds herself a new gentleman caller, prompting a heartbroken Anthony to focus on getting married - without the love part attached. 58.51 After some soul-searching and a reconciliation, Simon and Daphne reunite as they begin to try for children. As season one draws to a close, Daphne is in labour with their first baby. Bridgerton season 1 is streaming on Netflix now Bridgerton season 2 will be released on Netflix on March 25