The Queen Mother died on this day 20 years ago; she passed away at the age of 101 at her Windsor residence, The Royal Lodge. Her death was the second devastating loss for the current monarch, Queen Elizabeth II, as a few weeks earlier her sister Princess Margaret died, having suffered a stroke. While Elizabeth, Margaret and their mother have previously been referred to as an impenetrable trio, it has been said that the Queen Mother and her younger daughter were prone to bickering. Lady Anne Glenconner, Margaret’s childhood friend and, later, Lady-in-Waiting, claimed that the princess had a “strained” relationship with her mother. In her 2019 autobiography, ‘Lady in Waiting: My Extraordinary Life in the Shadow of the Crown’, Lady Glenconner explained that she had stayed with Margaret for the whole of 1990, and witnessed the mother-daughter relationship first-hand. She said: “Those weekends at Royal Lodge were always fun, despite the bouts of bickering between the Queen Mother and Princess Margaret, who at times had a slightly strained relationship. “One would do things like open all the windows, only for the other to go around shutting them. “Or one would suggest an idea and the other would dismiss it immediately.” Lady Glenconner speculated as to why the pair didn't get along, she said: “Perhaps they were too similar – I don’t think it is an unusual predicament for a mother and daughter. “And while they had been part of a foursome originally, they were left as the spare pair, to a certain extent.” Here, Lady Glenconner refers to the death of King George VI and subsequent crowning of Queen Elizabeth II. It’s been suggested that the coronation of Elizabeth felt like a loss for Margaret, and Lady Glenconner noted the princess’ “sadness” during the event. She said: “During the Coronation Day, though, I was completely oblivious to Princess Margaret’s feelings of sadness. “All the while we were having the time of our lives, a private film, commissioned by the Queen, captured Princess Margaret looking forlorn.” Lady Glenconner was a Maid of Honour at the Queen’s coronation, whereas Margaret was not and instead stood with the Queen Mother throughout the ceremony. DON'T MISS:Queen's heartbreak: Monarch upset as she listens to God Save The Queen [NEW]'Gobsmacking' Andrew's public RETURN sparks royal fury [REPORT]Prince Philip broke royal protocol with unprecedented political stance [INSIGHT] She was seen glancing at her sister with great sadness. Years later, Lady Glenconner asked her friend why she was so down on a day of celebration. Margaret reportedly replied: “Of course I looked sad, Anne. “I had just lost my beloved father and, really, I had just lost my sister, because she was going to be so busy and had already moved to Buckingham Palace, so it was just me and the Queen Mother.” Despite the Queen’s new role, the sisters' devotion to each other never wavered. Margaret had a telephone with a direct line to her sister at Buckingham Palace. The pair would speak on the phone every day, according to friend Reinaldo Herrera. In 2016, Mr Herrera wrote in Vanity Fair: “They had a love, friendship, and conspiracy that were impressive to behold.”  When Margaret passed away in 2002, the Queen openly cried at her funeral – one of the only times the monarch has shown emotion in a public setting. Mr Herrera wrote: “The Queen lost her most intimate companion. “Never explaining anything to the world – what she feels, or why she does what she does – is part of her greatness. “But for a few minutes that day, as she stood by the steps of St George’s Chapel at Windsor Castle, watching her sister's coffin being borne away, her eyes betrayed her.”  The Queen Mother died the following month. The Queen made a public address – one of the few she’s made – thanking the 300,000 people that came out onto the streets to walk alongside the Queen Mother’s coffin. She said: “My family and I always knew what she meant for the people of this country and the special place she occupied in the hearts of so many. “But the extent of the tribute that huge numbers of you have paid my mother in the last few days has been overwhelming.”