Fans of Good Morning Britain are convinced that hosts Ben Shephard and Ranvir Singh appeared to be at odds with one another on Thursday morning’s show - though this has been firmly denied by a source. The two were live on air informing viewers about Putin’s catastrophic bombing of a maternity ward in Ukraine. The show was reporting live from the war-torn country and Ben and Ranvir spoke to a number of experts. As they were discussing the heavy subject, viewers claimed that they appeared to be off with each other. Alibel2090 wrote on Twitter: “What's the matter with Ben Shepherd this morning ?? “He's cut-across & interrupted Ranvir half a dozen times !? READ MORE: Strictly's Janette Manrara discusses 'pulling plug' on show with Aljaz “(..and he does it in the most obvious & rude manner….as if he's in bad mood ???)” Jannyjann30 said: "Ben seems a bit p****d off with Ranvir butting in” Ang3yhaart penned: “deffo thinking someone's P****d on Bens' cornflake this morning. they normally get on unless a spat earlier?” A source denied there was any bad blood between the two presenters.  "This is utter fantasy, Ben and Ranvir get on really well. Talking over each other occasionally reflects real life relationships and is part of the authentic cut and thrust of a passionately topical programme like Good Morning Britain," they said. Since Piers exited the show last year, several GMB presenters have taken turns in presenting, including Richard Madeley, Martin Lewis and Alastair Campbell. Throughout the whole time, Susanna Reid has kept her place as a key presenter on the show. According to The Sun, GMB are keen to keep Ranvir on the show following her reported exit from her role as political editor. DON'T MISS... Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [INSIGHT] Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top [INSTAGRAM] Louise Minchin speaks out on stalking ordeal ahead of documentary [COMMENT] Susanna has spoken up to The Sun about how much she has loved working for the morning broadcast show, admitting she is “lucky enough” to be working in an industry that is moving forward so fast. The TV host added that “particularly in ITV Daytime, we’ve got so many strong women". Susanna then said: “I work in a team of brilliant women – Ranvir [Singh], Charlotte [Hawkins], and Kate [Garraway].” She also explained that the group have become even closer since Kate Garraway’s husband, Derek Draper, has been unwell. In her new ITV documentary, Kate Garraway: Caring For Derek, the 54-year-old presenter opened up about the journey of watching over her husband since he contracted COVID-19 in March 2020. Derek had to spend 374 days in hospital after getting the illness. The programme is a follow-up to last year's emotional documentary named Finding Derek. Kate revealed on Finding Derek that her husband would die within three days if left unaided.