Boris Johnson has come under fire for visiting Saudi Arabia in a bid to reduce dependency on Russian energy sources despite the country’s unsavoury human rights record. However, Liz Truss defended the decision to Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley when she appeared on Good Morning Britain on Wednesday. Reid introduced: “[Johnson] has already been forced to defend Saudi’s human rights record saying, ‘He will raise concerns,’ this is just days after 81 people were killed in the largest mass execution for decades.” “Are you not as the Labour leader alleges just skipping from one dictator to another to beg for resources?” Truss replied: “What we’ve seen in Ukraine is the most appealing violation of a sovereign nation, the first war in European territory in years and the shattering of European security that doesn’t just threaten countries like the United Kingdom and our allies across Europe it threatens global security. “We do need to work with every possible country we can in stopping Vladimir Putin and ensuring he loses in Ukraine. Read more: ‘Double standards’ GMB race row erupts in oil supply debate “Of course, we don’t agree with every policy of Saudi Arabia or the United Emirates but we are facing a huge challenge to global security and we need to be realistic in finding alternative sources of oil and gas. “The Gulf is a key source of oil and gas along with homegrown production along with more help from the likes of Japan and the United States.” Interjecting, Reid said: “Foreign Secretary we are alleged to have double standards, Saudi is described as a brutal regime. "We have that situation 81 people executed in a single day, it is said they do not have fair trials in Saudi Arabia, guilty of bombing civilians in Yemen and 10,000 children have been killed or injured in that military action by a Saudi-led coalition, implicated as you know in the murder of Jamal Khashoggi. “Amnesty International says, ‘Saudi oil buys the world’s silence on the human rights abuse there.’” Reid skewered: “We have taken a very moral stance on Russia, why does that collapse when it comes to Saudi?” Truss replied: “Well these are two very different cases, what Vladimir Putin is seeking to do, he’s been seeking to do this for some time and frankly the West has been asleep at the wheel. “He is seeking to regain vast sways of what was the Soviet Union under Russian control and he won’t stop at Ukraine if we don’t stop him. DON'T MISSHancock hits back at Susanna Reid as she criticises UK visa plan [INSIGHT]GMB fans 'switch off' as Richard Madeley probes Ukrainian in shelter [INTERVIEW]Susanna Reid bids farewell amid BBC Breakfast colleague's exit [VIDEO] “He wants to go further West, he wants to subsume vast parts of Eastern Europe back under Russian control.” Interrupting, Reid said: “We understand the policy on Russia, the question is why do we have a double standard when it comes to another regime. “You yourself said in a speech in Washington that, ‘The West needed to end its strategic dependence on authoritarian regimes for energy and other vital resources.’ “We are simply going to increase our dependence on another authoritarian regime, are we not?” “What I’m saying is that Russia is the greatest threat to global security,” Truss hit back. “It is the greatest threat to Britain’s security that there is and we have to work with all of the potential partners that we can to diversify a way from Russian oil and gas and ensure Europe does that as well. “Otherwise we will see Putin’s continued expansionism across Europe that doesn’t bear thinking about. “Now, of course, that means we have to make uncomfortable decisions, of course, it means we have to work with countries we don’t necessarily agree with. “But we are facing a serious global security threat of the type that we have not seen for decades and we are right to explore all the possible opportunities however uncomfortable exploring those opportunities might be.” Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.