Liverpool forward Mohamed Salah is yet to put pen-to-paper on a new deal at Anfield, with contract negotiations apparently stalling in recent months. The Egypt international is out of contract next summer and could walk away for nothing if Liverpool can’t get a deal over the line before then. Salah has become one of the best players in the world since signing for the Reds from Roma in 2017. During his time at Anfield, the superstar has racked up over 150 goals for the club. And he has been instrumental as his side have tasted Champions League, Premier League, Club World Cup and Carabao Cup glory. If Salah rejects another contract offer, having snubbed the latest offer from the Reds, he may even be sold this summer. That or he will leave upon the expiry of his deal in 2023. And Express Sport takes a look at four potential blockbuster replacements for Liverpool's main goalscorer. Raphinha Liverpool have been heavily backed to sign Raphinha from Leeds United following the player’s imperious performances in the Premier League over the last two seasons. The Brazil international has struck 15 top-flight goals since joining the Yorkshire club from Rennes in October 2020. MUST READ: Berbatov suggests Ronaldo's potential Man Utd exit plan - EXCLUSIVE  Liverpool have already illustrated their ability to turn players like former Wolves forward Diogo Jota into stars and could well do the same with Raphinha. But they will likely have to shell out big money for the 25-year-old. Arnaut Danjuma Villarreal winger Arnaut Danjuma has emerged as a big talent this season and bagged four goals in the group stages of the Champions League. The 25-year-old was playing in the Championship for Bournemouth last season and racked up an impressive 15 goals in 33 games. He has progressed in Spain this season and could be primed to move to the next level in the summer if Liverpool come knocking.   Jarrod Bowen Jarrod Bowen has been one of the best forwards in the Premier League this season. The West Ham star has been instrumental for his side, with his eight top-flight goals and 10 assists contributing to the Hammers’ fine season. West Ham have realistic hopes of qualifying for next season’s Champions League if they finish the season strongly. But if they don’t qualify for the top tier European competition, the 25-year-old could push for a move away. And Klopp is known to be a big fan of the player.  Serge Gnabry Serge Gnabry has already had a crack at the Premier League during spells with Arsenal and West Brom. The Gunners sold the winger to Werder Bremen in 2016 and have been ruing their mistake ever since. The 26-year-old joined Bayern Munich after a solitary season in Bremen and has since become a star player for the German giants, with 60 goals in 160 appearances. Gnabry is out of contract at Bayern next summer and Klopp could be tempted to give him a third shot at the Premier League if Salah does indeed opt to move on. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 