Ukrainian MP Andrii Osadchuk has described Russian troops in Ukraine as acting like "mad dogs." He insisted on LBC that the Kremlin's plans to defeat Ukraine in a matter of days has failed. The MP added that Russia was now using "possible measures" to secure any kind of victory in the war. Mr Osadchuk told LBC: "I want everyone to understand that Russians totally failed with this strategy to take Ukraine during three or four days. "Now they suffering due to huge losses they already have in Ukraine, as in manpower, as in 1000s of automotive vehicles. "We burned them more than 400 tanks. They lost 90 attacking helicopters and so on so forth. "But now they act like mad dogs." READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG He added: "They want to receive what they want using all possible measures and all possible means, meaning that any ceasefire even theoretically possible, can be used by Russians just to relocate their forces to create even decompression. "The only way is to destroy Russians on our land and to ensure a full withdrawal of Russians from Ukrainian territory. "But it is possible all we buy drive actions of Ukraine with entire West. "Because it is the war against the West not against Ukraine." Ukraine's armed forces have launched counteroffensives against Russian forces "in several operational areas," Ukrainian presidential adviser Mykhailo Podolyak wrote on Twitter on Wednesday. "This radically changes the parties' dispositions," he added, without giving details. In an update on the war, the general staff of Ukraine's armed forces referred to the "high intensity of hostilities" but did not say where fighting was heaviest. Ukrainian officials also made clear that the death toll was rising from the war that began when Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24. DON'T MISS:Ukraine growing 'desperate' to recruit more soldiers to fight Russia [WATCH]Chernobyl crisis: Lukashenko turns on Putin to secure nuclear plant [REACTION]UK's Russian sanctions in FULL - Every oligarch facing action today [INSIGHT] The emergency service in Ukraine's eastern region of Kharkiv region said on Wednesday that at least 500 residents of the city of Kharkiv have been killed. Russian forces have struck more than 400 educational establishments and 59 of them have been destroyed, she said. The governor of the Chernihiv region in northern Ukraine said there was no electricity in the region's main city, Chernihiv, or in some other settlements in the area. But Governor Viacheslav Chaus said Ukraine's armed forces "are powerful and inflict powerful blows on the Russian enemy every hour."