The Countess of Wessex visited the Guide Dogs Reading Hub in Reading to learn more about Guide Dogs services for children, young people and families. For the event, the royal looked beautiful in a very stylish outfit. Sophie wore a maxi green skirt which she combined with a black turtle neck jumper and black blazer. The mother-of-two finished the chic outfit with black boots and a matching clutch. For jewellery, the Countess donned a pair of gold hoop earrings, a long medallion necklace and some of her favourite bracelets. She kept her makeup minimal and styled her hair in an effortlessly chic low bun. READ MORE: What to do in a nuclear attack - four key steps to take to stay safe  Royal fans took to social media to comment on how beautiful Sophie looked and how "fantastic" are her causes. Twitter user @sarahinroyal said: "Love when HRH meet some dogs and babies at her engagements, what a lovely moment. "Ahead of World Book Day, Sophie, Countess of Wessex reads with Everly, five, at the newly completed Guide Dogs Reading Hub Facility to learn more about Guide Dogs services for children, young people and families, including buddy dogs today." Another user, @BRFguards, commented "Again, as I always say, Sophie, the Countess of Wessex (the Queen’s daughter-in-law) is so UNDERRATED.  "Her causes are fantastic. "She’s a hidden jewel of the Crown." Royal watcher @mareejmurdoch said: "Very sweet." "She is just a beautiful woman," commented @anabelakeil Sophie was also seen last week when she met local new mothers and their babies in Woking. For the occasion, the royal opted for a brown loose frilly top, with wide-legged blue trousers. She also wore an eccentric brown leather belt with a blue, red and yellow pattern. The Countess accessorised the look with a snakeskin clutch bag in brown, as well as a gold chain bracelet and a black leather strap watch.   Fan account @servingsophie tweeted: “Such delightful photos! “She looks gorgeous. Snuggles with Sophie!  “The maternal Countess of Wessex cuddles babies as she opens a mum’s group in Woking.” Another fan account @RosaMistika11 said: “I love her... she’s got an infectious positive energy.” 