Maaroufe, 22, a Tunisian national who had been staying at Sabita’s ­one-bedroom flat, was detained yesterday afternoon. Police and paramedics raced to Arbour House in Clerkenwell shortly after 5am on Saturday morning to find the teenager unconscious with severe neck injuries. Residents in the six-storey student building were woken by fire alarms ­triggered by an emergency exit being used. A CCTV image was released of Maaroufe who was last night being quizzed by police. Detective Chief Inspector Linda Bradley, who is leading the investigation, said: “Sabita’s family have been updated with this development and continue to be ­supported by specially trained officers. “Our deepest condolences are with them.” Officers were first alerted to reports that a young woman had been critically injured at 5.10am on Saturday. Despite the efforts of the emergency services, Sabita was ­pronounced dead at the scene. A post-mortem examination to confirm her cause of death will be carried out today.   The British teenager is understood to have been in the first year of studying ­psychology at City, University of London. Police continued to quiz shocked ­students at the block yesterday. Flowers were left outside while ­distraught residents filed in and out. Neighbour Leona Sigmud, 20, said Sabita was “just a normal student” who “kept herself to herself”. The music undergraduate added: “I saw her in the hallways but I never really spoke to her. Of course, she was nice and was never rude.” Finance student Dominique Hodgett, 19, said: “It’s incredibly sad and just not what anyone ever expects. “It’s the worst kind of news and I can’t stop thinking about her friends. “As a young woman, when you hear something like this has happened to another student, it makes you scared to sleep at night.” Business studies undergraduate Arsh Srivastara, 21, said: “I didn’t know anything about her until today. She lived on the sixth floor. “I heard the fire alarm go off.  “After that the police showed up around half an hour later. They have been investigating ever since.” Owen Newby, 18, who is in the first year of ­studying finance at City University, said: “We were all woken up when the fire alarmwent off. It wasn’t until we saw police this morning that we ­realised something must have happened.” One resident, who did not want to be named, said the building’s security was “lax” and ran from 12pm to 8pm on weekdays. The finance student, 19, added: “I saw the police in the morning and there were helicopters. “I am completely shocked and traumatised.” Two girls, who were too upset to talk about what happened, hugged and comforted each other outside the ­student housing. 