Santander is keen to protect its customers, and has highlighted a newer scam which is spreading across the country. It relates to NHS COVID-19 texts which include a link to a fake NHS website to order a PCR test. The average amount lost to an impersonation scam of this kind according to Santander is £5,600. However, as the scam became more elaborate in its efforts to trap unwitting Britons, many have fallen victim and lost higher sums of cash. This was a situation faced by a person named as Mrs D, who received a text from the NHS. It told her she had been in close proximity to someone who had tested positive for the Omicron variant - understandably disconcerting news. READ MORE: Barclays scam warning as pensioner, 75, loses £12,000 The text contained a link to order a free PCR test, only costing £1 for postage, which Mrs D clicked on. After this point, she received a call on February 21 from an individual claiming to be from the Santander Fraud team. The caller advised Mrs D she had recently fallen victim to an NHS PCR scam and that her account was now at risk. As a result, she was told to move her money to a safe account immediately. DON'T MISSFree prescription age could change - some items 'always free' [INSIGHT]State pensioners with arthritis could get £89 per week boost [UPDATE]State pension: WASPI women express delight as key update shared [LATEST] The account details provided were under a different person’s name. When Mrs D transferred the money, Confirmation of Payee – the system in place to show whether the account name matches the account number provided – confirmed that the account was registered to someone else. However, unfortunately, Mrs D went ahead to continue with the transfer, believing it to be the correct course of action. Once the transfer was complete, the fraudster then asked to speak to Mr D, who was advised to move his money from his joint account with his wife into his sole account. The reason for this was once again cited as the fact Mrs D’s details had been compromised. Mr D was provided with the same account details as his wife and went ahead to transfer his funds to a so-called safe account. But this was all part of an elaborate ruse which ended up having devastating consequences. In total, the pair transferred over £20,000 to the fraudster. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Santander customers, and all Britons, have been urged to stay on their guard as it relates to scams of this kind. Chris Ainsley, Head of Fraud Control at Santander UK, said: “With changes to Covid testing and self-isolation requirements coming into force, fraudsters are exploiting the accompanying uncertainty as the ‘new normal’ beds in. “Be on high alert if an SMS or email includes a link to a website, however genuine the website may look and never feel pressured to move your money. No bank or legitimate organisation will ask you to transfer your money to a safe account – ever.” Those contacted by someone claiming to be their bank or any organisation, who asks them to move their money should immediately stop and end the call. They are then encouraged to call their bank using the number on the back of their card, or 159. Those who believe they have fallen victim already should report the matter to their bank straight away.