Tensions were heightened when Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, who he married in 2018, announced they were to permanently step down as working royals early last year. Adding to this, the announcement of the Duke of Sussex's book has left room for speculation around its contents and the effects it will have on the royal family. Speaking to ToDiForDaily's podcast host Kinsey Schofield, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams discussed the pending memoir and the relationship strain between Harry and the family. Mr Fitzwilliams said: "His intention of writing a memoir, I do think it has made it very very difficult for members of the Royal Family to talk to him. "Might get Gayle King or Omid Scobie to repeat it." He continued: "Looking forward, you may find the conversation isn't exactly what you said". READ MORE: Prince Harry suffers 'embarrassment and distress' after 'feeding frenzy of hostility' It is speculated that the book will discuss the time frame around the death of his mother, Diana, Princess of Wales in 1997. This has led to questions as to the extent of information that the book will reveal and if it will reveal anything regarding Camilla. Mr Fitzwilliams said: "The extent it deals with Camilla, Parker-Bowles as she was then, we will have to wait and see". Since Prince Harry and Meghan announced their departure from the firm, a number of events have caused an uproar within the royal family, most notably the couple's two-hour-long CBS interview, which was hosted by American media personality Oprah in 2021. Pod Save the Queen host Ann Gripper said: "I remember one of our listeners saying the Oprah interview blew up the bridges. READ MORE: Kate holds onto her yellow dress in windy arrival in Jamaica as protests erupt "Given how hard he has been in what he has said since you can't imagine him rowing back very far." The couple discussed with Oprah the alleged racism Meghan faced while in the UK and they discussed how they felt "hounded" by the British Press. Meghan also claimed an unnamed member of the royal family had made comments about their son Archie's skin colour. Meghan said: "In those months when I was pregnant, we had in tandem the conversation of 'you won't be given security', 'not going to be given a title' and also concerns and conversation about how dark [Archie's] skin might be when he's born." DON'T MISS Kate uses 'flirtatious preening gesture' on William - body language [ANALYSIS] Kate and William learn how to kill a monkey in Belize [INSIGHT] Queen's dedication to Firm could end up harming Monarchy, expert says [REVEAL] One relationship, in particular, that has been affected within the royal institution is between Prince Harry and his brother Prince William. Speaking to LBC, royal correspondent Peter Hunt said: "The rift is deep." Mr Hunt continted: "It started when Harry was beginning to get restless and has really struggled with his position within the institution" "It was accelerated and ignited by his marriage to Meghan and how she fitted into the family and what she wanted out of the family"