If Saudi Arabia showed half as much determination to push Putin’s Russia out of global energy markets as it did in taking on US fracking companies eight years ago we would be able to hit Putin where it hurt. Back in 2014 Saudi Arabia and other Opec members declined to cut oil production in the face of falling global prices. The result was an oil price crash which pushed a lot of US producers out of the market and, while it caused economic damage to Saudi Arabia in the short term, ultimately allowed the country to maintain its share of global markets. This time around, the Saudis seem rather less interested in bringing down global oil prices. Johnson’s pleas to up production were rebuffed, with the result that Britain and the rest of Europe continue to face an uncomfortable choice: either face energy shortages or continue to line Putin’s pockets by buying Russian oil. Indeed, our energy dependence on Russia has made Putin’s savage invasion of Ukraine effectively self-funding: soaring global oil prices are bringing in extra revenues for Russia. Saudi Arabia’s refusal is a humiliation for a Prime Minister who in other respects has handled the Ukraine crisis well. But why did he ever want Britain to jump into bed with the Saudis? If it is unseemly to be doing business with Putin’s Russia, the same is true of Mohammed bin Salman’s Saudi Arabia. There was a brief period, after he became Crown Prince in 2017, in which bin Salman seemed to be the liberal reformer Saudi Arabia had been crying out for. True enough, he removed the state’s prohibition on women drivers, a ban which other repressive Islamic regimes such as Iran had never imposed. But the kingdom remains a human rights disaster zone. The jailing and execution of dissidents has continued, most visibly in the murder of the journalist Jamal Khashoggi in 2018. Last week, a few days before the Prime Minister’s visit, the country executed 81 people in a single day. Many, it was claimed, were terrorists but a good proportion of those on death row in the country are what we would rather call political activists, including people whose most heinous crime has been to “insult” the country’s leaders. Russia might be today’s international bogeyman, but I doubt you would think of Saudi Arabia any more positively had you been in one of the schools, markets or hospitals bombed during Saudi Arabia’s intervention in the Yemen civil war. At least we can’t be accused of supplying arms to Putin’s Russia, but we have been selling Saudi Arabia planes and other military equipment for years, in spite of its record in Yemen. The Ukrainian war has woken us up to the foolishness of coming to rely on Russia, but it should have reminded us of how foolish it is to have a too close economic relationship with any dictatorship. Rather than begging the Saudis to take our side in punishing Putin we should be doubling down on our efforts to achieve energy independence. We may sneer at Donald Trump, whose behaviour in office was appalling in many ways, but we can be thankful he pursued an assertive policy in energy security for the US, backing his shale gas industry in spite of activists imploring him to run down the US gas and oil industries and adopt European-style net zero policies. Had the US allowed itself to become as dependent on energy imports as Europe, the West would be in a bigger mess than it already is. If we are going to bring energy prices down, we, too, need to prioritise energy security. Renewables can certainly be part of that, but we are never going to have an adequate energy supply based on intermittent wind and solar alone. We need nuclear, too, and above all we need gas that we can use when the sun isn’t shining and the wind isn’t blowing. If that means we take longer to achieve the Government’s net-zero target, so be it. There is no point Britain or Europe pursuing unilateral targets if the rest of the world is not joining in. I’m not saying we should stop buying Saudi oil – we would be hard-pressed to avoid that at the moment. But we certainly shouldn’t be doing grubby deals or trying to employ the Saudis, or any other dictatorship, as allies in our economic war against Putin. Should we do so we will end up as morally compromised as we have been in our dealings with Russia.