Munyi Pancoast was walking her three-year-old pomeranian, Kairi, in Bridgehouse Meadows in New Cross when the incident took place. Ms Pancoast said her pet was running in the field when a larger dog which she believes was an American Bully XL started to chase Kairi and bit her twice. The dog refused to let go despite the owner shouting and pulling at her animal, and Ms Pancoast's hand was also injured. She said: "I kept saying to the dog 'please let go' and it just wouldn't. Then eventually the dog did let go and that was after its mouth caught down onto my hand as well. "I picked up my dog and tried to push her wounds against me. "She was very silent, I honestly thought she had died. But she was still there, she was shaking and trying to lick up my wounds." Ms Pancoast rushed Kairi to a vet where she underwent emergency surgery. She then had to attend A&E to receive treatment for her hand which was fractured. Ms Pancoast brought Kairi home from the vets several days after the attack on February 8. But her pet went downhill and she had to return to the vets where it was found she had an internal puncture that had been missed. READ MORE: Horror as dog mauls two sheep to death in 'savage attack' Ms Pancoast said: "For a few days she just seemed to get more and more ill, and it turned out that she actually had an internal puncture that was really hard to find. "On the outside she looked like she was healing fine but she started getting really ill." Kairi underwent a second surgery but she did not recover from the attack and died on February 21. Ms Pancoast said she was told by the other owner that they had returned the dog to the breeder but had not been in contact since. DON'T MISSRescue dog who was 'terrified of everything' struggling to find homeDog tragedy as pet loses eye in attack by another pooch during walkYorkshire terrier dies after being 'ripped apart' in park Devastated Ms Pancoast is now keen to raise awareness of the issue of dog-on-dog attacks and responsible dog ownership. Under the Dangerous Dogs Act, it is an offence if your dog attacks an assistance dog but attacks on other pet dogs are not. Ms Pancoast said: "Kairi's been the one that's helped me through the pandemic, she's the one that helped me through a lot of things. "Just before that day she was a healthy, happy little girl. There are no repercussions, there's no responsibility that someone needs to take for killing my best friend." Ms Pancoast reported the incident to the Metropolitan Police. A spokesperson for the force said: "Officers from the Met’s South East BCU are investigating an incident in which one dog is reported to have attacked another dog and bitten a woman on 8 February at Bridgehouse Meadows, New Cross. "There has been no arrest and enquiries continue." 