Kate Middleton attended a dinner last night hosted by Patrick Allen, Governor General of Jamaica. She wore a bespoke dress by one of her favourite fashion designers, Jenny Packham, and jewellery from none other than Queen Elizabeth II. Kate wore two pieces from the Queen’s Emerald Parure, a pair of emerald earrings and a stunning bracelet. The full collection also features an extravagant necklace, which Kate decided not to wear last night. It is rumoured to have been a gift from Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan of the United Arab Emirates. Diamond experts at Steven Stone estimated that the Emerald Parure is worth more than £550,000. READ MORE: Kate Middleton stuns in white lace Alexander McQueen dress Kate showed off the Queen’s dangly earrings with a chic, slicked back up-do. Regarding the earrings, experts at Steven Stone stated: “The earrings from the Queen’s Emerald Parure collection are exquisite. “Featuring pear shaped green emeralds set in yellow gold, the knot design drop earrings are completed with round brilliant diamonds.” The experts approximated that the earrings alone are worth more than £50,000. To complement the lavish earrings, Kate wore the stunning matching bracelet. “The bracelet Kate loaned is also magnificent, again featuring a plethora of white diamonds set in yellow gold, and what we can only assume are the finest quality emeralds, given they are from the royal collection. "The bracelet is estimated to be worth even more than the emerald earrings. “If I were to value this bracelet, I would estimate it to have a value in excess of £150,000.” Kate let her dress, earrings and bracelet do the talking, opting for a bare neck rather than the necklace from the parure. Steven Stone revealed: “And, while Kate didn’t wear the necklace which completes the parure, I couldn’t help but take a look. “It is a statement piece of jewellery made using hundreds of round brilliant diamonds and three pear shaped emeralds."It would probably be worth around £300,000, making the entire collection worth over half a million pounds.” Kate is no stranger to an expensive necklace, however, previously donning the Nizam of Hyderabad at the Portrait Gala in 2014. Worth an eye-watering £60million, it is the most expensive jewel across any Royal Family in the world. According to Steven Stone, Kate’s choice to wear emerald was just as much about sentiment as it was style. “The Royal Family are huge fans of emeralds – and it’s no surprise. Often associated with success and happiness, they are traditionally believed to have incredible powers when worn. “Queen Cleopatra famously worshiped emerald jewellery, believing it would give her eternal youth and beauty.” In many cultures, the emerald is thought to ward against evil, and is a symbol of hope, domestic happiness , with powers of “tranquillity, peace, renewal and growth”.