Vladimir Putin has lost three major generals in less than three weeks since his "special operation" in Ukraine began on February 24. Kyiv officials reported on Friday the commander of the Eastern Military District, Andrei Kolesnikov, had died within days of colleagues Vitaly Gerasimov of the 41st Army and Andrei Sukhovetsky of the Russian Airborne Forces. Former RAF Commander Edward Stringer said the presence of three leading military figures at the front and their subsequent death does not bode well for Russia.  He told Sky News: "Critical reports that three Major Generals – Major Generals don't normally get that close to the front. "If they do, something is going very badly wrong. It shows Russia is stretched to its elastic limit in Ukraine. "And to try and salvage something from this, the generals are at the front whipping the troops for one last effort. "If you've lost three generals, and you're claiming you've only lost about 500 troops, something doesn't add up and it suggests things are not going well militarily." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Moscow has so far only claimed 500 deads among its soldiers but Ukraine has reported more than 10,000 troops had been killed since the start of the operation. Russian tanks have been targeted by extensive drone and anti-tank strikes, with Ukraine's resistance slowing down the advance towards major cities. Kherson, in eastern Ukraine, and Melitopol, in the south, are the only large centres to have been officially taken by the Russians. Kyiv, Kharkiv, and Mariupol have been subjected to heavy shelling, with residents either trying to flee towards the West or joining the defence forces. READ MORE: Putin plots revenge for sanctions as top Kremlin mouthpiece exposes 'post-Ukraine' plan Russians are thought to have around 20 major generals in theatre in Ukraine. Western officials believe having such high-ranking officers so far forward to the front in the early stages of the invasion is significant. There have been widespread reports of morale among Russian troops is low after two weeks of the war, with footage emerging of allegedly captured soldiers claiming they were not aware they would be deployed to fight. One official said: "You would expect to see that at a point when troops are unable to make decisions of their own and lack situational awareness or are fearful of moving forward, at which point more senior officers come forward to lead from the front." DON'T MISS Musk humiliates Putin after Russia threaten to block US from old tech [REPORT] EU masterplan to CUT Russia's gas tipped to 'backfire' [INSIGHT] How to live longer: Scientists REVERSE ageing in elderly mice [REVEAL] Russian forces appear to be attempting to "reset and reposture" for renewed attacks - including against Kyiv, the latest Ministry of Defence update suggested. Logistical issues which have held up Russian forces' advance have continued to hamper their progress, while Ukrainians continue to put up fierce resistance. Two senior officers in the Russian security service, the FSB, have been put under house arrest by President Vladimir Putin, unconfirmed reports suggested. Andrei Soldatov, of the investigative website Agentura, reported that Sergei Beseda, the head of the Fifth Service - the FSB's foreign intelligence branch - and his deputy have been detained. 