Haas star Mick Schumacher has been spotted back at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix circuit less than a day after a nasty crash sent him to hospital in Jeddah. The youngster was pushing hard in qualifying before a big impact with the wall saw the session stopped for around one hour. Schumacher and his team-mate, Kevin Magnussen, got off to a good start yesterday by making it through Q1 unscathed. In the day's second session, the former had already posted one lap time but was pushing hard to post another when he lost control in a speedy section of the circuit. Onlookers were left concerned when Schumacher stayed in the cockpit after an alleged 170mph impact. An ambulance was quickly on the scene as the 23-year-old was first sent to the medical centre before being airlifted to hospital. Haas later confirmed that he had escaped injury but his battered car would be withdrawn from Sunday's race. DON'T MISS: Valtteri Bottas makes 'weird' Lewis Hamilton comment as Mercedes' stuttering form pondered    Magnussen is therefore set to be the only Haas on the grid. The Dane took fifth in Bahrain last time out in what was considered by many to be the performance of the season's opening weekend. In positive news for fans, Schumacher will be in attendance to support his team-mate. The promising young star was pictured conducting interviews at the Jeddah Corniche Circuit less than a day after his terrifying incident put him in hospital. The appearance will further reassure fans about his wellbeing before he returns to action in Melbourne. Schumacher also addressed his following on social media with a Saturday-night post claiming that he is 'ok' and pledges to 'come back stronger'. Nevertheless, missing out will come a huge blow for the driver himself as he continues searching for those elusive first F1 points. Alongside Nikita Mazepin, Schumacher trailed towards the back of the pack last season as Haas badly struggled for pace. He took 11th in Bahrain last time out and Haas have shown dramatically improved performance which suggests that points on the board are an inevitability. Elsewhere on the grid, seven-time world champion Lewis Hamilton admitted that he could make changes to his Mercedes and opt to start from the pitlane after an experimental set-up landed him in 16th. That was the first time he had failed to make it to Q2 since 2017, and the first time based on pure pace for well over a decade. Sergio Perez starts on pole after a spectacular Q3 performance with Charles Leclerc, Carlos Sainz and Max Verstappen behind, while Magnussen starts in 10th. "We have to be happy with Q3, but the car was better than P10, I didn’t get the most out of it," admitted the Dane, "Honestly my neck just completely broke in Q3 – suddenly it snapped, and I couldn’t hold it."