BBC sci-fi drama Doctor Who is preparing to say goodbye to Jodie Whittaker as show bosses keep under wraps who will be the next person to take the iconic role. Jodie announced her departure from the show in July 2021 and expressed she had the "time of her life" whilst being on the show. As fans speculate with who they want to see appear when she regenerates in an upcoming episode this year, Outlander star Alexander Vlahos has dropped a subtle hint that he could be the next Time Lord. Taking to his Instagram account, Alexander posted an image of himself propped up against a dark blue pub that resembles the iconic TARDIS. His caption read: "Just *imagine* this blue pub I’m leaning on is *actually* a TARDIS. See it? Yes… me too. *looks longingly at the BBC*." Fans of Alexander and also Doctor Who commented on his photo and went into a meltdown at the prospect he could be the new Time Lord. @BeckyWrightAuthor exclaimed: "Ooh! My new Doctor Who favourite, I can definitely see it. Come on, BBC." READ MORE: Alexander Vlahos age: How old is Outlander’s Allan Christie star? @Twistedwillow10 quipped: "Is this a hint, or is this just wishful thinking!" "They would be lucky to have you!" @RichardRankinFans added. While @Cristinabythebay commented: "Yes!! Let’s all manifest this!" And Irene Bertazzo echoed: "Would be amazing to see you as doctor who!" @cb_sassenach revealed: "Me thinking of the TARDIS before reading the caption... I feel seen." (sic) Fans will have to watch this space for now as to whether Alexander's tease will come to fruition. The question as to who will be the next Doctor Who has been a hot topic since Jodie's announcement, but in January, it was reported there was a major hint for fans. Reportedly leaked production notes which were shared on the entertainment website Production Weekly, point to the suspicions that the 14th doctor will be another female lead. The notes read: "A fantasy action saga of a mysterious alien time-traveller, Doctor Who, who picks up human companions, faces evil foes with little more than her wits and a sonic screwdriver and journeys throughout time and space in a police phone booth called the TARDIS." DON'T MISS...Doctor Who star speaks out on ideal Jodie Whittaker replacement [INSIGHT]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker replaced by Christoper Eccleston? [LATEST]Doctor Who bosses tease many ‘surprises’ in regeneration episode  [WATCH]  Bookmakers have been hot on the odds with how they think could be the next doctor, with It's A Sin's Olly Alexander and Lydia West being at the forefront. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Lydia West is a firm frontrunner in the race to replace Jodie Whittaker. "The odds suggest it'll most likely be her or It's A Sin co-star Olly Alexander who gets the gig." Other suggestions which have come from fans are Micahel Sheen, T'Nia Miller, Jo Martin, Michaela Cole, Kris Marshall, and some even suspect David Tennant will return to the role. David sparked a frenzy amongst fans when he refused to rule out, reprising his role, telling Digital Spy: "Never say never. "Because there's that element of fantasy, anything is ultimately possible. You should never say never to anything. I think that way madness lies." A BBC insider told The Sun: “As ever bosses are staying tight-lipped about what they have planned. “But with filming still going on for episodes in 2022, there’s lots more to come for Jodie’s doctor.” Doctor Who is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.