These payments are a lifeline to Britons with disabilities or long-term health conditions. Despite the fact that millions of people depend on PIP, new claimants are waiting up to five-and-a-half months for their money from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). UK residents who are living with a health condition or disability that affects their ability to work are waiting for months for financial help from the DWP. The latest data shows that on average anyone who makes a new claim for PIP has to wait 22 weeks before they receive their first payment. PIP works out between £23.70 and £152.15 each week and can be a lifeline to Britons who are struggling to make ends meet. The process takes a long time because applicants often have to undergo a health assessment while their application is reviewed. READ MORE: Thousands of carers are due a £500 cash boost for their hard work Meanwhile, thousands of people are estimated to be missing out on PIP which can be claimed if someone is working and has savings. Because of the delays Britons should apply straight away if they have difficulty carrying out everyday tasks. They may have difficulty preparing or eating food, dressing and undressing or washing. The highest PIP amount is paid to people who have difficulty moving around - either inside or outside - their home. DON'T MISSThe ‘biggest ever’ Dragons’ Den deal - Business sold for £12.5m [UPDATE]State pension payment dates to change for Queen’s Platinum Jubilee [ALERT]State pension: DWP makes new commitment to triple lock [INSIGHT]   What conditions are eligible for PIP? Initially, PIP claimants need to fill and send off the How Your Disability Affects You evidence form to the DWP. They will then be assessed by an independent healthcare professional. People can ask Scope or Age UK for help filling out the forms. More information on the criteria and how to apply can be found on Gov.uk. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea How much is PIP? Daily living - standard rate £60.00 Daily living - enhanced rate £89.60 Mobility - standard rate £23.70 Mobility - enhanced rate £62.55 