Max Verstappen has taken a dig at Lewis Hamilton's controversial new Mercedes on the first day of testing in Bahrain. Mercedes' W13 car has caused some debate with it's radical 'no sidepod' look. There was a vast difference to the appearance of the car Mercedes unveiled in Barcelona last month. Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has been quoted by Auto Motor und Sport as saying the car "violates the spirit of the regulations". Horner also questioned the legality of the W13, being quoted as saying: "There are some parts that are not legal". But Verstappen has taken a more jovial, but slightly brutal, approach to his rival's new vehicle. The Dutchman did not want to comment on whether the W13 was completely legal or not.  But he is clearly not a fan of the appearance. In an interview with NOS, Verstappen said: "I don't know if the W13 is legal - but it's quite ugly, isn't it? It doesn't look good, even the colour!" Reigning world champion Verstappen is once again aiming to prevent Hamilton from winning a record eighth world title this year. He won his maiden championship in hugely controversial circumstances in 2021.  In a separate interview, Verstappen insisted he was not interested in Hamilton's car. "I'm not concerned," Verstappen said. "We can only focus on ourselves, I said this so many times last year and that's what we've got to do again this year. "Even if the car looks different, there are so many unknown things still that we need to learn about. So I'm not worried at all." Mercedes chief Toto Wolff has also come out in defence of his team. Wolff says the car had been developed in consultation with the FIA and no regulations have been broken.  "The process is very clear," Wolff said. "When you go in a specific development direction, having the FIA a part of scrutinising it - you are exchanging data and you're making them part of the process. "It's clear that sometimes when you come with an innovation it creates the kind of debate that we're having here. That's why that was expected. "We have the new governance with the super majority that's needed. "My opinion is that I would have preferred to stay with the old system, that if a team comes up with an innovation, you possibly can't take it off the car if it's compliant with the regulations. "The FIA and F1 will for sure handle it with diligence and in the spirit of the sport. We were keen on not running alone with it, but being in touch with the FIA also, and that's why I think it will be ok." 