Shane Warne has been remembered as a "true cricket legend" by his celebrity friends following his death at 52. The record-breaking Australian bowler could not be revived after being found unresponsive in his Thailand villa, after suffering a suspected heart attack. Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Mr Rajan said: "He was my hero growing up. "I watched that bowl in headlines of the 9pm news as it then was and I was so mesemerised by it that I spent my entire teenage years studying, trying to emulate Warne. "It wasn't a success as you can see but he was an extraordinary guy. "It's worth saying that what he did to leg-spin bowling was an art form that was virtually extinct when he came onto the scene. "It's one of the hardest things you can do in any sport and he was the master of it. Extraordinary man, it's hard to believe that he's gone." READ MORE: Shane Warne's heartbroken parents break silence after outliving son TV presenter Lizzie Cundy said in a tribute on Twitter that she and Warne shared "many laughs together". She said: "I'm absolutely devastated to have just heard my friend Shane Warne has past (sic) away. "A true cricket legend and really lovely chap. "We had many laughs together, I'm heartbroken. My thoughts and prayers are with his family." Similarly, Jemima Goldsmith, who was close friends with Warne, tweeted: "Devastating, shocking news about Shane Warne. "A sporting hero for so many, inc my sons. And a giant-hearted friend." BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker recalled an appearance by Warne on the programme in January this year. He tweeted: "Genuinely can't believe the sad news about the death of Shane Warne. DON'T MISS Shane Warne dead: The awesome Aussie icon who made cricket sexy [INSIGHT]Shane Warne's coping mechanism before 'ball of the century' [ANALYSIS]Warne's top five cricket moments as Australia legend dies at 52 [VIDEO] "He came on Breakfast just a couple of weeks ago & was as effervescent as ever. "What a talent he was. He had a huge impact on cricket and will be sorely missed by so many." Sports pundit Gabby Logan paid tribute to Shane Warne calling him a "rock n roll" sports legend. The 48-year-old TV presenter appeared with Warne in 2012 on Sky One's sports panel show A League Of Their Own. She tweeted: "There really are very few genuine sporting legends, rock n roll sports stars who transcend their genre, Shane was absolutely one of those. Rest in peace."