Peaky Blinders explores the Birmingham gangster family during the 1920s, centring on the Shelbys and their ambitions. While many historical events are portrayed in the BBC series, show creator Steven explained why parts of Britain's fascist past were left out because the events are so "unbelievable" viewers would think they were made up. After crossing paths with Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy), the real-life fascist politician Oswald Mosley (Sam Claflin) is introduced into the series. Steven admitted he had to tone down some of the details about the rise of fascism at the time. "Mostly, it’s too unbelievable for people to swallow," he commented. "There are things about the Mitfords and Mosley you couldn’t put in because it was total madness. READ MORE: New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air "I’d love to go as far as I can with what really happened, but whenever you do that, people don’t believe it’s true." Speaking to Radio Times, he added: "They think you’re making it up." He also talked about Tommy's "moral awakening" he gets from opposing Mosley. "I think that is hopeful for the human race," Steven remarked. "You can have the worst of the worst, but there’s a line and somebody like Tommy will take off his jacket and fight." Steven added: "That, I hope, is the message that comes through." Season six of the series has almost ended, with the latest episode seeing Tommy battling his deteriorating health. Fans have known since season five that Tommy or Michael Gray (Finn Cole) would have to die following a prediction from Aunt Polly (Helen McCrory). DON'T MISS... University Challenge fans distracted by silent player [LATEST]Queen of the South's Peter Gadiot lands new role in One Piece [INTERVIEW]Holding producer explains 'perfect' part of ITV crime drama [EXCLUSIVE] With just one episode of series six left, fans are very close to finding out Tommy's fate. In the current season, Tommy has also been diagnosed with Tuberculoma. While his condition isn't infectious, his mental and physical abilities will weaken and he is eventually going to need assistance 24/7. When Tommy asked how much longer he would live, Dr Holford speculated somewhere between one year and 18 months. Whether Tommy will die at the hands of his enemies or his illness is currently unknown. With the series soon wrapping up and Tommy's enemies determined to kill him, things could go either way. Fans have also picked up on clues that Michael could be the one to die after he had a vision in which Aunt Polly is seen pricking Michael’s finger so blood drops into the water. She warned him: "There will be a war in this family, and one of you will die." Peaky Blinders season 6 concludes Sunday on BBC One at 9pm.