Five-time Golden Globes host Ricky Gervais has claimed he’ll be “asleep” when the prestigious Oscars ceremony takes place. Comedian Ricky hosted the Golden Globes in 2010, 2011, 2012, 2016 and 2020 - with hilarious consequences. Ricky wasn’t afraid to roast the A-listers even if they were in the room with him. Fans of Ricky’s style have said they wished he was hosting this year, but it doesn’t seem Ricky is interested, judging from his reply. On Sunday, Twitter user Clark1995Clark posted a video of Ricky at award shows in previous years and commented: “[Retweet] if you wish @rickygervais was hosting the #Oscars tonight.” Ricky soon responded, saying that he wasn’t planning to stay up to watch the show, which is held in the US. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slams ‘woke brigade’ claims he 'fancies' Meghan Markle Ricky simply replied: “I'll be asleep.” However, he did also comment on what he would have liked to have said, should he have been there in person. Ricky said: “I'd start with "Hello. I hope this show helps cheer up the ordinary people watching at home. “If you’re unemployed for example, take some comfort in the fact that even if you had a job, your salary probably wouldn't be as much as the goody bag all the actors have just been given.” He continued: “I'm proud to announce that this is the most diverse and progressive Oscars ever. “Looking out I see people from all walks of life. “Every demographic under the sun. “Except poor people, obviously. F**k them.” DON’T MISS: Chloe Bailey stuns as she puts on risqué display in daring gown [PICTURES] Oscars viewers left reeling after Will Smith slaps Chris Rock  [NEWS] Brenda Edwards shares sad post on first Mother's Day without Jamal [LATEST]  Lorraine Kelly also tweeted: “I so, so, so wish he was @rickygervais.” Ricky said: “I can't be bothered to get dressed up these [days]” followed by an innocent face emoji. It appears Ricky prefers pyjamas to tuxedos these days. But he must miss causing havoc with his jokes becuase he is planning to tour a new comedy show. The After Life star is planning his next live comedy show for his upcoming Armageddon tour. As usual, Ricky is said to be pulling no punches with his jokes on the stand-up circuit. The 60-year-old played a small venue trial gig in Leicester Square last Wednesday. He is reportedly planning on making his most controversial jokes yet.