The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have met opposition in Kingston, Jamaica - days after they were forced to scrap a visit to Belize due following demonstrations. In Jamaica, a group of politicians, business leaders and doctors have called for the British monarchy to pay slavery reparations in an open letter.  According to the Independent, the group intends to stage a demonstration outside the British High Commission tomorrow (Tuesday) – the day the royal couple arrive. The Duke and Duchess will stay in Kingston until Thursday, before departing for the Bahamas, where they will stay for the final two days of the tour. All three nations on the trip are Commonwealth member states. In November, Barbados became a republic after removing the Queen as its head of state, but remained part of the Commonwealth.  READ MORE: Lorraine jibes at Kate & William's Belize trip 'How many times?' At the official ceremony, Prince Charles acknowledged the “appalling atrocity of slavery” the island had suffered. With Jamaica marking its 60th anniversary of becoming an independent nation in August, an open letter has said the royal visit was of “great concern”. According to Nadine White, Independent race correspondent, the letter states: “We see no reason to celebrate 70 years of the ascension of your grandmother to the British throne because her leadership, and that of her predecessors, has perpetuated the greatest human rights tragedy in the history of humankind.” The letter adds: “We note with great concern your visit to our country Jamaica, during a period when we are still in the throes of a global pandemic and bracing for the full impact of another global crisis associated with the Russian/Ukraine war.”  It comes after the Duke and Duchess were forced to scrap a planned visit to a cacao farm in the village of Indian Creek on Sunday after local protests. Demonstrators were angered by a dispute over property which is “contested” between the residents of the village and Flora and Fauna International, a conservation charity which has Prince William as a patron. One demonstrator was pictured holding a placard which claimed it was another instance in a “colonial legacy of theft”. Locals were also concerned about the Duke and Duchess’s helicopter landing on a football pitch, claiming to local media outlets that they were not consulted about the location.  DON'T MISS RAF Emergency: High alert as plane sounds 7700 ‘Squawk’ code [INSIGHT] UK heading for famine and civil war ‘disaster beyond imagination’ [EXCLUSIVE]Ex-CIA chief explains why six Russian generals have been killed [REPORT] The trip was instead replaced with a visit to a different chocolate producer, before the royal couple visited the coastal village of Hopkins to meet a Garifuna community. When Barbados became a republic, Prince Charles said that slavery was something that “forever stains our history”. Today (Monday), the Duke and Duchess are due to visit ancient Mayan ruins in Belize. Ahead of the trip, Kensington Palace said that the couple were “very much looking forward to the visit”, as they would get to meet “as many locals as possible”.  Over the course of the trip, it said, the Duke and Duchess “will meet a wide variety of groups, including children, young people and families, frontline workers, service personnel, leaders from government, business and the charity sector as well as inspiring conservationists, and the early years workforce.” Their last engagement of the day will see the royal couple hosted by the Governor General of Belize for a drinks reception in the Mayan ruins at Cahal Pech, in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum jubilee.