Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta was keen to cast an eye over six of the club's brightest young academy stars as the Gunners romped to a 4-1 win over Brentford B at London Colney. The discreet fixture was arranged with the view of bolstering the squad's fitness levels ahead of club football's return this weekend. The majority of Arsenal's first-team squad are currently away on international duty with their countries. Others stayed behind in north London recharging the batteries before returning to training this week. Arteta was keen to use some of the time wisely to take a closer look at some of his other options ahead of the run-in. Young guns Zak Swanson, Mazeed Ogungbo, Miguel Azeez, Charlie Patino, Charles Sagoe Jr and Bradley Ibrahim were all handed starts alongside a number of first-team players. EXCLUSIVE: Arsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks held Bernd Leno was between the sticks for Arsenal while Rob Holding, Nuno Tavares, Eddie Nketiah and Alex Lacazette were also handed some minutes from the get-go. The Frenchman, who was recently named Arsenal captain following Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's move to Barcelona, was on fire, scoring a hat-trick. Centre-back Holding was also on target for the Gunners on the road to a routine victory. It appears a number of other youth players were also handed chances to shine in the second half. Mauro Bandeira and Mika Biereth were also spotted in the images from the match. Arteta has not been shy to hand out opportunities to the club's young players since his appointment in December 2019... READ MOREMohamed Salah and Egypt targeted with lasers by Senegal fans in World Cup play-off deciderSadio Mane sends Senegal to World Cup as Liverpool team-mate Mo Salah skies penaltyAjax director shines light on Erik ten Hag mindset after completing Man Utd interview Hale End boys Bukayo Saka and Emile Smith Rowe have become integral members of his squad since being eased into the limelight. Folarin Balogun - now out on loan at Middlesbrough - was also handed a start on the opening day of the Premier League season at Brentford. Patino has also had minutes in this season's Carabao Cup - scoring against Sunderland - and FA Cup. There could be more opportunities between now and the end of the season as Arsenal look to secure a top-four finish... The Gunners are back in action on Monday night when they travel across London to Crystal Palace. Wilfried Zaha and Michael Olise could yet be missing with hamstring problems for the hosts. Brighton and Southampton are next before a crunch run for Arsenal that will seriously test their top-four credentials... Arteta's side travel to Chelsea before hosting Champions League qualification rivals Manchester United. A trip to West Ham is also on the agenda on May 1. The second north London derby with Tottenham also still needs to be rearranged after it was previously called off due to COVID-19.