A poll of 2,000 adults, who are in contact with their mother figure, found Cornwall, London and Edinburgh were deemed the top spots to treat her to a trip away. These beat glitzy overseas destinations like Ibiza, Las Vegas or Dubai. The research was commissioned by Hotels.com, which also revealed searches for trips around Mother’s Day weekend are up 23 percent on 2019, the last pre-pandemic year. The accommodation giant also claims Brits are ready to treat their mums like VIPs, with searches for both 5- and 4-star locations increasing since 2019, by 40 percent and 55 percent respectively on their site. Amenities such as “spa facilities” (60 percent increase) and “bathtub in room” (76 percent increase) have also seen a spike in searches this year. Other top benefits of going away with mum include the novelty of seeing her get tipsy, and that she’ll make the beds in the morning. TV personality and presenter Vogue Williams, who has worked with Hotels.com to offer tips on getting away with mum this year, said: “Being able to run away with my mum as an adult is something I really value, particularly now I’m a mother myself. “I know how precious these memories are to me and my family – so it was no surprise to me that Hotels.com found that 61 percent of those taking “Mummi-breaks” say that going on holiday with their mum has given them a special bond. “A hotel stay means all the mundane squabbles over things like dishes can be parked, and we both get to put our feet up.” To help those planning a Mother’s Day surprise, Hotels.com is running a competition to give one winner the chance to treat their mother figure to 10 free nights (worth a huge £3,000). This comes complete with an upgrade to its Rewards VIP Gold status, so she can enjoy bonus member benefits, such as upgrades and spa access, all year round. Entrants need to simply share their funniest travel stories with their mum by visiting here. Hotels.com brand spokeswoman Emma Tagg said: “It’s great to see the red carpet being rolled out for mums this year – but why treat her for the day when you can treat her for the year? “Two-thirds of Brits agree that some of their all-time favourite memories are being on holiday with their mum, but we know everyone’s perfect trip away with mum is different, so we’re here to help you find your dream destination – from Berlin to Benidorm, or even Blackpool. “Share your story now, so you can whisk mum away to make even more memories.” THE TOP 20 THINGS ABOUT GOING ON HOLIDAY WITH YOUR MUM: TIPS FROM VOGUE WILLIAMS & MUM SANDRA WILSON, FOR A SUCCESSFUL MOTHER/DAUGHTER TRIP: