Jeremy Clarkson, 61, has spoken out on fatherhood as he revealed he was unsure over whether one of his children was in Los Angeles. The former Top Gear host made the admission as he issued a rant about “the Government’s cow police”, which means that having cows on his farm “isn’t fun”. He explained that he had to fill in a form for every activity his cattle were used for, as well as regularly testing them for diseases. The TV star compared the animals to having his children, who he said could “come and go as they please”. Jeremy wrote in his column for The Sunday Times: “I have three children, for crying out loud, and once I'd registered their births I could do pretty much what I liked with them. “Apart from serving them up for Sunday lunch.” Jeremy continued: “What's more they can come and go as they please. “I think one of them is currently in Los Angeles but I couldn't say for sure. Only if she were a cow would I be certain.” Jeremy is currently facing a staff shortage on the farm, as some members of his team have been ill with Covid. He is currently in the process of filming the second season of his hit Amazon Prime show, Clarkson’s Farm. However, the production may have faced a hiccup last week after some people on Jeremy’s team tested positive for Covid. He explained the situation in his The Sun column on Saturday. The TV star wrote: "Since I started farming, I've always had a team of people to mend the stuff I get wrong. "But this week, every single one of them was laid low with Covid." READ MORE...Chris Evans details 'bump in the road' as he shares family rule  [INSIGHT]Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma [LATEST]Piers Morgan's 'lucrative' GMB exit explained by co-star Rob Rinder [NEWS] Jeremy quipped that the crew would not be able to see him struggling, as they were off sick. Even the cameraman and director were off after catching coronavirus. Jeremy penned: "Luckily, I have led a healthy life so I'm still OK. "Although it did take me eight hours to muck out and feed the cows on Wednesday. "A job Kaleb normally does in about four minutes." Kaleb Cooper was brought onto Jeremy’s Amazon Prime series, Clarkson’s Farm, to help the inexperienced farmer run the property. However, he too was struck down with Covid and unable to support his co-star.