Jo Whiley, 56, presents the evening slot on BBC's Radio 2, and took to Twitter yesterday to apologise for her "emotional breakdown" on the show. This comes after yesterday marked a year since BBC producer Simon Willis died, a dear friend and godfather to Jo's children. Jo's Radio 2 show yesterday was a sofa session with Richard Walters. Richard is a solo artist and has released five critically acclaimed albums and four EP's since 2007. Taking to Twitter, Jo posted a series of three pictures of herself with her late colleague Simon Willis. She captioned the post in view of her 365,600 followers: "Incredibly beautiful session tonight from the sublime @RichardWalters @BBRadio2. READ MORE: Strictly's Motsi Mabuse unleashes fury on Ukraine remarks "Desperately want everyone to hear it - head to @BBCSounds to listen. You won’t regret it. "Sorry about the emotional breakdown Richard. "This is the man I/we loved. Willy. One year gone tonight." Many social media users took to the posts comments to remember the BBC producer one year on and comment on the radio show. Jackiebreton said: "Loved this session, what an incredible voice." "I was also in floods of tears at such a touching and beautiful song. Thinking of my dad who died last year." Karen_Buchanan added: "It was such a beautiful session. Thank you both so much. "Grief is so hard. Love to you both xxx." DON'T MISS... Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby [INSIGHT] Singer FKA Twigs bares all in totally see-through dress at NME Awards [PICTURES] Julia Bradbury says she's ‘lucky to be alive’ in new health update [HEALTH] Martinfrench_ commented: "This is why it's the best show on radio. "I remember a year ago and how tough it was for you. But you bring so much more to all of us around the world." Jo pulled out of her show on March 3 last year, after learning the news of Simon's passing. At the time she shared four pictures of him along with the Twitter message: "We woke to the news that our beloved Willy aka Simon Willis has left us & we are bereft. (sic) "There were 3 of us in our marriage. And it was the perfect recipe. Me, my husband Steve & Willy. "He was my Dr Who husband, Ernie Wise to Steve's Eric Morecambe, THE Godfather to our kids." She followed up her post, writing: "Willy was a one-off. The funniest man you could ever meet & anyone who knew him would have their own story about ‘What Willy did. (sic) "We adored him as did everyone who knew him. I need to be with the family tonight."