Claer Barrett was quick to outline her first point, “I want people to take a metre reading before the end of the 31st of March.” Ms Barrett also advised that Britons should “look at their direct debit and find out what the new level is going to be.” This step is particularly important as Barrett outlined that “for millions, it's going to go up.” Ms Barrett's final step advises homeowners to “find their council tax bills.”    “What should they take a metre reading?” asked LBC presenter Eddie Mair. Barrett was quick to explain that “we know that the energy price cap that is set by the regulator…is going to rise by 54 percent.” She estimated there are “around 22 million people currently, me included, who are not on a fixed rate tariff anymore, either because their supplier has gone bust or because they rolled off a deal.” This large proportion of the population will be “exposed to this increase, 54 percent, from the 1st of April.”    It is essential that consumers “submit an accurate metre reading” by the March 31 deadline. “You don't want your supplier to be estimating your bills, estimating your usage” explained Barrett. By submitting an independent metre reading, the energy company will have an “accurate snapshot of what you have used before prices go up by a huge amount.” “It's so important to do that, submit it online, get it done, before Friday” urged Barrett. Read more: Check your boiler is working efficiently ahead of energy price rise   The guidance for Britons to check their direct debit relates to a “basic budgeting” tip. Ms Barrett suggests consumers should be aware of what their new rate should be and how much energy they are using. This knowledge would allow homeowners to prepare for the expected increase in their household bills and avoid “shocks”. Preparing in this way would also mean individuals could check if the rise is a “fair and accurate” reflection of their energy usage, especially if efforts have been made to reduce household demand. Don't miss: April bill rises: Everything you'll be paying more for from this week [REPORT]Rishi Sunak plays down prospect of more help with energy bills  [INSIGHT]Our guiding hand to help you in these tough times [COMMENT] Ms Barrett’s final piece of essential advice is for households to locate their council tax bills, which relates to the “9 billion pound package to help consumers with energy bills”. The Government has pledged a £150 tax rebate to eligible households in order to ease the financial pressures of the energy price increase. This rebate is part of the £9 billion Energy Bills Rebate announced by Chancellor Rishi Sunak. “Your council tax bill will say whether your property is in bands A-D, its very easy to find its at the top of the letter” explains Barrett. Consumers in bands A-D will be eligible for the rebate and can expect to receive the money in April.   