The state pension age is already set to change under plans pencilled in for the future, but there is a possibility these could be brought forward. Implementing state pension age hikes earlier could mean the retirement plans of more Britons are impacted. The state pension age currently sits at 66 in the UK. This applies to both men and women. Two increases to the state pension age are scheduled for the coming years. The first is a rise to age 67 which is set to be completed by 2028. READ MORE: Pensioner explains simple way she earns £2,000 a month – 'anyone can do it’ Another increase is then planned to come in between 2044 and 2046. The Pensions Act 2014 requires the Government to regularly review the state pension age. The Government is currently conducting its second review into the state pension age. This review must be completed and published by May 7, 2023. DON'T MISSState pension triple lock guaranteed - Rishi Sunak confirms 7.4 percent rise is budgeted [STATE PENSION]'Anybody can fall victim' - Britons warned of 'convincing' scam after retiree loses £800k [WARNING]Martin Lewis: Do you pay for dentistry and opticians? A little-known way to cover the cost [INSIGHT] The first review of the state pension age took place in 2017 and concluded that the next review should consider whether the planned increase to age 68 should be brought forward to between 2037 and 2039. If the current review decides the increase to age 68 should indeed be brought forward, more Britons could have to wait an extra year to reach state pension age. Changes to the state pension age are generally implemented to reflect the life expectancy of British citizens. Regular reviews will assess whether the current plans for the state pension age are appropriate and if any alterations are required. The Government has stated the current review will consider a wide range of evidence, pledging to: The most recent change to the state pension age increased it from 65 to 66. Previously, the state pension age was different for men and women. The women’s state pension age was once 60 while for men it was 65. Changes were then made to equalise the state pension age for men and women, increasing the women’s state pension age by five years.