Strictly Come Dancing professional Janette Manrara, 38, has given fans a new update on her and Aljaz’s work life as they reflected on how far they have come.  The It Takes Two host took to her Instagram, where she boasts 502,000 followers, to reveal their latest joint venture. Janette filmed herself in the passenger seat as she spoke to the camera while Aljaz was at the wheel. The pair beamed with happiness as they recounted being on the way to the same location two years ago. Janette said: “[We are] on the way to the date that we were at two years ago. “The day before today two years ago we pulled the plug on the show because of Covid. “We’re literally about to go straight to where we’re heading right now to check the show. “And finally three years later, we are on our way!” She then pointed the camera at Aljaz, who was driving and smiling as his wife made the announcement. Aljaz added: “We are doing it.” Ahead of the couple’s joint venture earlier today, Janette opened up last month on her departure from Strictly Come Dancing. The professional dancer spoke out on her decision to leave the hit BBC show last year during an appearance  on Celebrity Mastermind. She was being asked about her favourite Disney films by presenter Clive Myrie. Then Clive changed the subject to her Strictly exit, asking her the reason behind it. DON'T MISS‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [INSIGHT]Matt Baker sparks frenzy with family announcement on Instagram [NEWS]Brendan Cole's ex-Strictly partner Victoria Pendleton admits issues [UPDATE] Clive asked Janette: "So you've given up dancing on Strictly and now you're a presenter on It Takes Two, why the change?" Janette admitted: "Well, I did not want to leave the legendary Strictly ballroom floor. "But unfortunately when you get such an incredible opportunity like that, presenting It Takes Two you can't really say no to that job." The TV star also revealed that she got the hosting role eight years after first entering the set. Janette said: "I remember walking into the studio of ITT the first time in 2013 and meeting Zoe Ball. "And she was just the most incredible person, so lovely and just genuinely interested in the topics we were discussing. "And when we left I remember thinking, 'Gosh, that would be the most amazing job,' to sit and talk about people dancing all night with people that you know and love and watch every weekend," she added. "Eight years later I got it, so I couldn't say no," she concluded.