GEM Motoring Assist warns driving just 10mph faster can see 10 percent more fuel used. Meanwhile, a 20mph increase could see a massive 15 percent more petrol or diesel used up. This could be vital for road users as petrol and diesel costs hit record highs in the wake of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. GEM has also warned cutting speeds can have a range of other benefits for road users. The most crucial one is the promise of “fewer collisions” by simply dropping speeds by just 1mph. A spokesperson for GEM Motoring Assist said: “One of the most important things we can all do when at the wheel is to drive within the speed limit at all times on journeys. READ MORE: Speed limits are not fit for purpose - ‘growing desire’ to change rule “It’s a vital part of taking personal responsibility for our own safety – and that of others – when we are driving. “Research categorically shows that reduced speeds mean fewer collisions, and reduced severity of collisions. “For example, an overall 1mph reduction in speed results in an average five percent reduction in collisions. “We also know that a car speeding at 80mph uses 10 percent more fuel than one driven at 70mph. DON'T MISSDrivers hit with a million speeding tickets a year under 20mph limits [INSIGHT]DfT confirms it is ‘exploring’ how to use new EU speed limit tools  [COMMENT]Drivers are ‘not listening’ to speed limit warnings in safety risk [ANALYSIS] To slow down, GEM says drivers should never rush when on a journey. Motorists should leave earlier and ensure they have plenty of time to spare. Drivers should also keep a close eye on speed limit signs at all times and watch for clues the speed limit is about to change. Road users should also scan the speedometer frequently to ensure drivers are always aware of their speeds. They warn motorists who fail to check these things regularly could be caught out with massive punishments. A speeding ticket will result in road users getting three points on their driving licence and a £100 fine. A GEM spokesperson added: “It’s worth remembering the connection between environmentally-aware driving and defensive driving, which has long been established. “Smooth, progressive and systematic driving is safer. “There are few surprises and no last-minute manoeuvres. “You’re doing your bit for the environment, you’re keeping your licence clean, you’re hopefully saving money and also reducing the risks you face on the road.”