The Monty Python actor was reunited with writer and filmmaker Vadim Castelli on BBC's Sunday Morning. Michael first met with Vadim 30 years ago when he was travelling through Ukraine in the early 1990s. The pair were reacquainted after the show's researchers tracked Vadim down on the outskirts of Kyiv. The duo first met when Michael was travelling through Ukraine from the Arctic to Antarctica for the BBC programme Pole to Pole.Michael briefly met Vadim 15 years ago when they discussed what his vision of his country would look like in 15 years' time.At the time Vadim said: "Ukraine, by that time, should be much more sovereign."It should be much more independent and much more prosperous. Hopefully, it will be a real part of the European family." READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson crosses Russian border for The Grand Tour Speaking to one another once again via video call, Michael told Vadim: "I feel very emotional."Vadim explained the reasons he wanted to remain in Ukraine, even though he is over the age of 60 and not required to stay and fight as the conflict with Russia continues.He explained: “Legally, nothing can stop me and I can try to leave the country.“It is not an easy way in terms of logistics but I can do that, I can take my wife. “I would not want to, at least not for now, because I feel like the reason why Putin could not take over Ukraine after two or three days as everyone predicted is because nobody on the Russian [side] expected the Ukrainians to resist with such heroism."Vadim exclaimed: “I just have to be a part of my nation.”Both men discussed what the UK and its allies could do to support Ukraine.Speaking to BBC viewers, Vadim said calls for the West to immediately stop buying Russian gas and oil or enforce a no-fly zone were "unrealistic".   DON'T MISS...Have your say: Has the UK reacted well to Ukraine's refugee crisis? [LATEST]Ukraine LIVE: Terrifying map shows Putin's barbaric war [UPDATE]Javid grilled over UK aid for Ukraine 'Could have happened quicker!' [UKRAINE] However, he said Western countries could provide more weapons to Ukraine "so we can keep on resisting".Michael later told Vadim he believed it was crucial to keep in contact with people in Ukraine.He explained: “I think that the worst thing that can happen is that the communications end and the Russians block all our ability to talk to you and your people.“It’s great to see you, and I feel your strength there, which is important. "You’re clearly not looking defeated, you’re not giving up, despite the awful circumstances and that’s pretty inspiring. I know that we will speak again.”Following their touching reunion, Vadim told Michael: "Thank you so much, Michael, it was such a pleasure seeing you. Have I told you you haven’t changed since I saw you last?"Michael joked he had "got a bit older" since they last met, adding: ‘It says on my birth certificate."