Prince Philip's death last April sparked an outpouring of mourning in the UK and abroad, with several European royals sending their personal condolences to the Queen. Due to Covid restrictions, Prince Philip's funeral was a scaled-down event at Windsor, with only 30 guests permitted to attend. But now restrictions have eased in the UK, more people will be able to attend a Service of Thanksgiving for the life of the Duke of Edinburgh on Tuesday, March 29. A memorial service for Prince Philip was confirmed last year in a Buckingham Palace statement, which read: "The Queen has agreed that a Service of Thanksgiving for the life of His Royal Highness The Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh will take place in the spring of 2022 at Westminster Abbey." While the full guest list hasn't been confirmed, several high-profile royals will reportedly make an appearance at the invitation-only event. As was the case for Prince Philip's funeral last year, several members of the Royal Family are likely to pay their respects to the beloved late royal patriarch. READ MORE: Harry mocked over decision on UK return  The most senior members of the Royal Family, Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, will attend the service. Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge are also expected to attend, along with several of the late Duke's children and grandchildren. Earlier this month, it was confirmed that Prince Harry will not return to the UK to attend the Duke's memorial service. Friends and extended members of the Royal Family who could not attend the funeral last year due to restrictions will also likely have been invited to the service.  As per the Daily Mail, several European royals are also expected to pay their respects at the memorial service this month. Norway's King Harald and Queen Sonja, Spain's King Felipe and Queen Letizia and Sweden's King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia are reportedly on the guest list, along with King Philippe and Queen Mathilde of Belgium. Queen Margrethe of Denmark, the Queen's friend and the only other queen regnant in Europe, is also expected to attend the service. Margareta, Custodian of the Crown of Romania and Prince Radu are also thought to be invited, as are the Netherlands' King Willem-Alexander, Queen Maxima and Princess Beatrix.  DON'T MISS:Prince Philip paid touching tribute to another royal with Queen's ring [PICTURES]International royals rally around Queen for Prince Philip memorial [INSIGHT]Harry facing embarrassment at Platinum Jubilee after memorial absence [ANALYSIS] While the Queen undoubtedly wishes to pay tribute to her late husband of more than seven decades, her attendance at the memorial service this month is not certain. Since last autumn, the Queen has dramatically scaled back her public appearances for health reasons, and the majority of the Queen's royal engagements have been virtually conducted from her main base of Windsor Castle. The Queen did not attend the Commonwealth Day Service at Westminster Abbey earlier this week, casting further doubts on her attendance at Philip's memorial later this month. 