The top editor at the Kremlin-backed media conglomerate quit her job in protest of Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Russia's neighbour. Maria Baronova, the editor in chief of RT’s Russian-language edition, revealed she had resigned in an interview with news outlet Znak, according to news website Mediaite.com. Ms Baronova told Znak she has nothing left to talk about with those supporting the invasion of Ukraine and would not say more about her resignation on social media. She spoke out against the invasion in a post on Telegram published on February 26 in which she reportedly described Putin’s government as totalitarian, adding it has turned the lives of Russians into an endless hell. She said: "Our granddads didn’t fight for this. And now they’ve been betrayed." Anna Belkina, Deputy Editor-in-Chief of RT said in a statement: "Ms Baronova headed up only one of RT’s Russian-language services."  In 2012 and 2013, Ms Baronova took part in anti-government protests, according to Russian-American journalist Masha Gessen. Writing in The New Yorker in 2019, they said Ms Baranova was charged with inciting a mass disturbance in June 2012 as one of a dozen people the Kremlin chose to punish "in order to frighten people from protesting again". Gessen reported that Ms Baranova also staged a one-woman protest in a church in support of imprisoned members of Pussy Riot, adding she only later took the role at RT to support her family. Ragıp Soylu, Turkey Bureau Chief for news website Middle East Eye, tweeted: "[A]pparently Russian state network RT Russia editor-in-chief Maria Baronova resigned over Ukraine."  READ MORE ABOUT AN ENERGY SCAM WARNING He quotes her as saying: "'Our grandfathers didn’t fight for this, everything was betrayed. If I chose to be with Russia, this doesn’t mean that I should walk in a totalitarian system - be silent. "And if I chose to be with Russia, this does not mean that I, for example, rejoice that the regime, which I do not want for my country, is being exported somewhere else. "And this regime will finally turn our life into one endless hell. What's there. Already turned.'" The news comes as the Russian state-controlled TV network funded by Moscow disappeared from all broadcast platforms in the UK.  DON'T MISS: Dementia: The troubling toilet sign that could precede brain decline [REVEALED] Prince William's anger after leaked photo: 'Worried for Kate' [LATEST] Putin TRAP exposed: Russian olive branch to Ukraine [REPORT] Although Britain is no longer in the European Union, the bloc sanctioned satellite companies in Luxembourg and France, which provided RT's feed to Sky, Freesat and Freeview. Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova condemned the ban, claiming the world was being deprived of Russia's point of view with Western media only giving one side. According to a translation from RT, Ms Zakharova said the only reason Russian journalists could still work in the UK was because of London's fears the BBC might be targeted in Russia as it plays "a determined role in undermining the Russian stability and security". Media watchdog Ofcom has opened 27 investigations into the due impartiality of programmes broadcast on RT, formerly known as Russia Today. It has the power to revoke a broadcast licence but any action could take weeks.  Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries, speaking in the House of Commons on Thursday, said RT should lose its licence and "never again" be able to broadcast "poisonous propaganda". British Foreign Secretary Liz Truss warned on Monday that the BBC risked being banned in Russia if RT was shut down in the UK. She said a careful judgement was required as retaliation against the BBC would harm efforts to make sure Russians could hear the truth about the invasion of Ukraine. RT deputy editor-in-chief, Anna Belkina, in response to the channel's removal, told the BBC: "Media regulation should be divorced from geopolitics, led by independent bodies and expert regulators, ensuring diversity in news and information sources is protected.  "Today, politicians in the EU have demonstrated their willingness to delegitimise independent regulators." The RIA news agency reported that Russia's communications watchdog has restricted access to the BBC's Russian service as well as Radio Liberty and the Meduza media outlet. Moscow has reportedly also blocked a liberal radio station and an independent TV channel in a shake up of Russia's remaining independent media. The country's prosecutor general on Tuesday ordered the Russia's media watchdog to restrict access to the Ekho Moskvy radio station and the Dozhd TV channel. 