Danny John-Jules made it to week eight of Strictly Come Dancing back in 2018, along with partner Amy Dowden, before crashing out amid scathing allegations of backstage bullying and arrogance. However, the Death In Paradise star has since spoken out to dismiss the rumours as untrue, claiming he had been resented for working too hard. Danny has left no stone unturned in his analysis of the situation. It was claimed that the Red Dwarf actor had Amy in floods of tears after berating her and insisting that he was the star of the show, not her. Yet, on the My Time Capsule podcast, hosted by Michael Fenton Stevens, he fiercely denied those allegations, branding the gossip "filthy" and unworthy. "It's a dirty show on that level. On that level it's a filthy show - It's based on tabloid stories," he hit back. READ NOW: Naga Munchetty reacts after colleagues 'decide to step away' from BBC "The thing about Strictly is that it doesn't matter who you are, you're going into a well-oiled machine which at that time was the biggest show on telly," he continued. "I already knew when I went in there what they were expecting of me." He then claimed that rumours made about him were "made up". "I said to everyone: 'What did I do then, what did I actually do that everyone was so unhappy about?' "The first person I looked down on when I came out on the set that night when I was evicted was a tabloid journalist sitting right there on the stairway," he stormed. "I've never heard of the media being backstage on any show except Strictly. "That was the night I was evicted. I knew I was going home that night." Rumours also circulated claiming that a furious Danny had blasted "everybody" in the bar after his elimination, and shouted that he ought to have won. Danny, on the other hand, has a very different account of what happened at the time. He claims that on the night of his reported inappropriate emotional outburst, he had been with his 84-year-old mother. "It's baloney," he insisted. "Every word of it is baloney!" Meanwhile the BBC dismissed allegations that anyone had been bullied and said in reaction to Danny's comments: "This claim is categorically untrue."