Operation Grange couldn’t have gone on indefinitely as much as Kate and Gerry might have wanted it to. Just last year they said: “We’re never going to give up looking for her.” And, of course, they won’t. She’s their little girl and as long as there is breath in their bodies they’ll keep searching.  But Scotland Yard detectives have said there isn’t a scrap of definitive evidence to say whether Madeleine is alive or dead. And I suspect that’s been the case for a very long time. Yet, every year when Operation Grange needs funds to keep it going for another year – we hear there’s a new lead or “critical lines of inquiry to pursue”. And on that basis, hundreds of thousands of pounds of taxpayers’ cash is thrown at Operation Grange. In Kate and Gerry’s head, this money is justified. No amount of cash spent trying to find out what happened to her could be too much. But the reality is if she hasn’t been found after 11 years with all the resources that have been thrown at this case – it’s unlikely she will be. And it can’t go on forever just to spare the feelings of Kate and Gerry McCann. Back in 2011 when Madeleine had been missing for four years Jenny Jones, a member of the Metropolitan Police authority demanded that the investigation be stopped. She said it was difficult to justify spending millions on just one case: “It’s ludicrous,” she said. “This could take years and cost millions.” And it has.  Over the years, I’ve wondered what the parents of other missing kids must think about the time and attention lavished on just one missing child. On average the police spend around £2,500 of resources looking for missing kids. Madeleine has had £13million and those families might be justified in thinking the McCanns were given preferential treatment. That Madeleine’s life had been deemed more important than THEIR missing child. And the unfairness of that must be unbearable to live with. Various Prime Ministers have also been reluctant to pull the plug on the inquiry not wanting to be the man/woman who gave up on Madeleine. Ditto with police chiefs. But the time had to come when we said Enough! And it’s here. In 2020, German authorities announced they had a suspect, the convicted paedophile, Christian Brueckner – currently in jail for raping an elderly woman – who had been tracked to the crime scene in Praia da Luz on the night Madeleine disappeared.  German prosecutor Hans Christian Wolters says German police have strong evidence that he killed Madeleine but German Law prevents him from releasing it. Maybe this is why it’s finally been decided to halt the investigation. But, whatever it was, it had to be done. No child has ever been searched for as vigorously, or for so long. Of course, Kate and Gerry McCann won’t stop looking for Madeleine. Their heads may tell them it’s pointless. But their hearts – and hope – will drive them on to keep searching for her. They may spend a whole lifetime searching ... many parents of missing children do. And the burden of that is unimaginable. But the end had to come. And the question still remains – were the authorities and the Government justified in spending years and many millions looking for one little lost girl? 