Netflix hit series Bridgerton became a huge success after landing on the streamer back in December 2020. Season two will be released on March 25 with a brand new love story for viewers to get their teeth stuck into. The second series is adapted from Julia Quinn’s corresponding novel in the Bridgerton book series: The Viscount Who Loved Me. The forthcoming episodes will delve into the Bridgerton family's past and what became of their beloved patriarch. Edmund Bridgerton (played by Rupert Evans) was the head of the titular family and father to the unruly brood. The aristocrat was married to Violet Bridgerton (Ruth Gemmell) with the couple falling madly in love when they were young. A year after Edmund and Violet’s wedding, they welcomed their eldest son Anthony (Jonathan Bailey) into their lives. They went on to have another seven children Benedict (Luke Thompson), Colin (Luke Newton), Daphne (Phoebe Dynevor), Eloise (Claudia Jessie), Francesca (Ruby Stokes), Gregory (Will Tilston), and Hyacinth (Florence Hunt). READ MORE: Is Eloise pregnant in Bridgerton season 2? Edmund was noticeably absent from season one. Instead, his son Anthony had assumed to the role as the head of the family and was trying to ensure a prudent marriage for his sister Daphne. Anthony was forever checking his pocket watch, keenly aware of the burden of taking care of the family. The reason for Edmund’s absence was because the character died tragically young. Edmund died at the age of 39 after being stung by a bee. He had previously been stung by a bee but according to author Quinn’s research, these type of allergies don’t manifest until the second sting. READ MORE: Bridgerton season 1 sex scenes: When are they? A guide to skipping The untimely nature of his death meant he never met his last child Hyacinth who hadn’t yet been born. A grief-stricken Violet was heavily pregnant with her daughter at the time and gave birth to Hyacinth without Edmund by her side. Anthony, who was 18 at the time, was acutely affected by his father’s death and haunted by it. The loss gave him a very tangible sense of his own mortality and Anthony feared he too would perish in his late thirties. Season two will focus on Anthony’s love story with Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley) and delve further into the Viscount’s more emotional side and the grief surrounding Edmund’s death. Although Violet and Edmund don’t have their own Bridgerton novel, Quinn has penned a short story for them. The story called Violet in Bloom and appears in the collection The Bridgertons: Happily Ever After but does not follow the standard romantic arc of Quinn’s books. Writing on her website, Quinn said she would find it “too bittersweet” to write Edmund and Violet’s tale of love. DON'T MISS...Why can't Anthony Bridgerton be with Siena? Break up explained [INSIGHT]Bridgerton: Who is the mystery woman with Benedict? [ANALYSIS]Bridgerton season 2: What will Bridgerton series 2 be about? [EXPLAINER] Quinn went on to say: “We all know that Edmund dies at the age of 39. Or even worse, what about the readers who might be trying my books for the first time? “They wouldn’t know that he dies young. Think how furious they would be when they started reading the Bridgerton series and found out I’d killed off one of my heroes. The makers of the Bridgerton Netflix series have tied in the significance of the bee into the show with visual clues. Not only does season one end with a closing shot of a bee, but there are also some Easter eggs featuring the small insect, including Benedict wearing some bee brooches. Viewers will be seeing more of Edmund after it was confirmed North and South star Evans had been cast in the show. As per Deadline: “Evans’ Edmund is a loving and devoted husband, whose true love match with Violet Bridgerton gave them eight perfect children. “He’s also an endlessly patient and kind father, who takes special pride in guiding his eldest son Anthony through life.” Bridgerton season 2 will be released on Netflix on March 25