 Alisa’s grandfather attempted to shield his granddaughter from the cluster bomb strike that killed five other people. He was reported to have died in front of his grandchild before she was rushed to hospital for her wounds, but sadly died the following day.   Prosecutor general Irina Venedkitova announced her death and stated that Alisa was three months away from her eight birthday . The Kindergarten was attacked on the second day of the conflict in Ukraine and Olena Zelensky, President Zelensky’s wife, said Putin’s military were “consciously and cynically” killing children and other civilians. Pictures from the scene depict bodies thrown around the entrance after staff attempted to flee with the children. The Kremlin has denied targeting civilians and the use of cluster bombs but the International Criminal Court (ICC) has launched an investigation into potential war crimes.   Cluster bombs deploy a large number of small explosives. The missiles are fired from the ground and once near its target, it opens up and releases mini bombs or bomblets. The Russians are thought to have used cluster bombs in many Ukrainian cities including Kharkiv. The weapons have been criticised by governments and human rights groups as the bomblets scatter widely and harm those nearby. Over 100 counties are included in an international treaty that bans the production and use of these weapons. READ MORE:What to do if someone parks in front of your driveway  The wife of President Zelensky, Olena Zelenska sent a warning to NATO members saying: “Save our children, because tomorrow it will save yours.” In an Instagram post she paid tribute to the children killed by the attacks from the Russian military and appealed to “all the unbiased media in the world”. She wrote: “Tell this terrible truth: Russian invaders are killing Ukrainian children.” The post paid tribute to 18-month-old Kirill from Mariupol, 7-year-old Alisa, Polina from Kyiv, 14-year-old Arseniy, and Sofia, six years old. DON'T MISS:Council tax reductions: Who is eligible and how to claim (INSIGHT)Canary Islands lift more restrictions for Britons (REVEAL)Do YOU support Prince Charles' plan to 'slim down' Royal Family? POLL (POLL)  The post uploaded on Sunday announced: “At least 38 children have already died in Ukraine and this figure might be increasing this very moment due to the shelling of our peaceful cities!” She added: “When people in Russia say that their troops are not hurting the civilian population, show them these pictures.” One of the pictures is of Kirill’s mother Marina Yatsko and her boyfriend Fedor holding their child’s body on a stretcher and crying while attempting to support each other while their suitcases lie beside them. 