Peter Bone raged at the decision to put an end to free parking for hospital staff from the end of the month. Free parking was first introduced at the height of the pandemic, and some trusts have announced they will continue to offer free space to overnight workers and those in "greatest need." Speaking to GB News, Sir Peter said: "It's wrong, it's as simple as that. "If you're someone who has to go work in a hospital, the hospital shouldn't be making money out of you by parking your car there. "Many other organisations provide free car parking. If we could do it during the pandemic, we could do it now. "The only reason they're changing that is to make more money and that's now how we should fund our NHS." He continued: "We shouldn't fund our NHS out of charging for parking, that's absurd. JUST IN: 'Give us a break - don't mow roundabouts!' Eamonn Holmes furious at £2k council tax rise "I introduced a private members' bill to make it wrong to charge patients or visitors. "I went to hospital with my former wife many times for cancer treatment, and there you are worrying about not having the right coins or credit card or press the right button on the parking machine. "Adds to the stress, unnecessary and wrong." He added: "These car parks they're not a break-even operation, they're a money-making operation. The NHS shouldn't become NCP, it's not what they should be doing." Health Secretary Sajid Javid said the return to paid-for parking will take place from March 31. READ MORE: Andrew Neil in brutal jibe at Sky News ‘Ratings collapse moment this show comes on’  He said: "Free parking in hospital car parks for NHS staff introduced during the pandemic will also come to an end on March 31. "However, over 93 percent of NHS trusts that charge for car parking have implemented free parking for those in greatest need, including NHS staff working overnight." The GMB said official figures for the financial year 2019/20 showed that health workers paid £90.1 million in car parking fees. Workers in the Midlands forked out the most with £18 million in the year, with the North West following shortly behind (£17 million), then the North East and Yorkshire (£16 million). DON'T MISS:Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION]Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT]Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL]  GMB national officer Rachel Harrison said: "It's almost like the Health Secretary has a personal vendetta against NHS staff. "During the worst cost of living crisis in a generation he's hell-bent on forcing them to swallow yet another real-terms pay cut. "Now follows the real insult to injury, he's making them pay to park at work. "Health workers are on their knees following a two-year pandemic - they need help and support, not being repeatedly kicked when they are down by the Government. "GMB calls on the Government to restore this funding and on employers to do the right thing and scrap the reintroduction of local parking charges."