Barcelona remain interested in signing Erling Haaland even though many ruled them out of the race through finances. But their transfer chief has explained why assumptions are wrong, and how they could still do a deal. It's European football's worst kept secret that Erling Haaland is likely to be on the move next summer, as his £70million release clause kicks in at Borussia Dortmund. The Norwegian has excelled since making the move from Red Bull Salzburg to Dortmund, scoring more goals than games played for the German side. Due to his rise, he has become one of the most valuable players in world football, which is why his £70m price-tag is such a bargain. It was initially thought that Barcelona would be in the running for the striker, with Real Madrid also interested, but finances were thought to have made it impossible for the Catalan side to sign him. But their transfer chief has explained why that may not be the case. READ MORE: Barcelona 'open bidding' for Raphinha as Leeds receive first offer for Liverpool target A familiar name still works at Barcelona, as Jordi Cruyff has been managing transfers at the club alongside Xavi Hernandez and the director of football, Mateu Alemany. The son of legendary player Johan, has been working for Barcelona since September, was responsible for their four signings this January. Adama Traore, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Ferran Torres and Dani Alves all joined in January, and Barcelona have been on a run of 12 games without defeat, as the Catalan side appear to be back in business. The club announced a massive £1.2bn debt in August, but have still managed to make signings, and that may suggest that a deal for Haaland can still be possible. Cruyff explained how the logistics would work to The Guardian, as he said: "The word is amortisations. You divide the cost by x years and work from there. Spain’s financial fair play rules and the economic problems means many things that would normally be possible are not now. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land Chelsea star Antonio RudigerArsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks heldErik ten Hag's first two Man Utd signings should follow him from Ajax "The mechanism is complex, and new to me, but Mateu understands it well. It’s so important to have a good team, direct communication: honest and clear, all together. Sometimes you come up with a [football] solution and it can’t be done. "A difficult season sees you suffer but also helps you see clearly, to create priorities: there might be positions you want to strengthen but what do you need for these four months?” “Knowing the economic situation, FFP limits, players have to want to come. They know they could earn more elsewhere and all four signings made an effort so we can make the numbers work, which we should recognise. Barcelona is still special, a club players are prepared to lose money to work at." Barcelona appear to have worked things out in the short-term after a stunning January window, and Cruyff teased that they could be eyeing Haaland next summer too. Cruyff added: "Well, we’ll sort things out in June, July. Everyone’s after a goalscorer." The Catalan side have found their goalscorer for now, as Aubameyang has already scored nine goals since arriving at the Nou Camp, and was pivotal to their 4-0 El Clasico win against Real Madrid. Ousmane Dembele has also seen a major shift in form, as both former Dortmund team-mates have started to combine again. And there could be space for another Dortmund member, with Haaland on the move, and his agent Mino Raiola is said to be close with club president Joan Laporta. According to Fabrizio Romano, Barcelona have told Haaland's camp that they are willing to pay his release clause in the summer. Therefore, they are not giving up on the star just yet, although they'll face heavy competition from the rest of Europe. Not only are Madrid also interested, but Manchester City are ready to unleash a huge package to sort their striker woes. It's expected to be a major dogfight come the summer, as Haaland moves alongside Kylian Mbappe as the most sought after star in the footballing world. Both are expected to make moves, with their next destinations still unclear.