Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal will face an extra challenge in the upcoming clay-court season with two of their old rivals returning from injury. Three-time Grand Slam champion Stan Wawrinka has already confirmed his participation in next week's Marbella Challenger and now 2020 US Open winner Dominic Thiem will be joining him in his own comeback. Thiem is the latest former Grand Slam champion to confirm his return from injury. The Austrian was ranked fifth in the world when he hurt his wrist on the grass courts of Mallorca last year and was forced to miss the rest of the season, incluing his first Grand Slam title defence at the US Open. The 28-year-old has not played since, having to abandon his previous comeback attempts this year in Australia, Cordoba and Indian Wells, and has fallen to No 50 in the world as a result. But there's finally some good news for Thiem, who will be returning in next week's Marbella Challenger ahead of the clay-court season. "I wanted to let you know that I will be playing this upcoming week a tournament in Marbella, Spain. I want to start getting contact with the competition after all these months and I believe this is the right way to start," he wrote on Instagram, announcing his return. "It's been a very, very tough period for me and to go back to competition is what I need. To step on a tennis court and compete is what I have been waiting for so long and as you know I had a lot of set backs. I know this will be a slow process of getting back to the top level, but I am ready to work hard and start humble." JUST IN: Djokovic wins appeal against Paris ban after Indian Wells withdrawal  The 17-time title-winner joins another former world No 3 making an injury return at the Challenger event in Stan Wawrinka. The Swiss star has not played in over a year thanks to a foot injury that left him needing multiple surgeries in 2021 but had already confirmed he would be making a comeback next week in Marbella before returning to ATP Tour action in Monte Carlo. Both Thiem and Wawrinka have caused problems for Djokovic and Nadal in the past, especially on the clay. Thiem has reached two French Open finals, beaten Djokovic on the surface three times and 'King of Clay' Nadal on the surface four times. Meanwhile, Wawrinka famously upset Djokovic in the 2015 French Open final to win his second of three Grand Slam titles after the Serb had pulled off the upset of Nadal and became the favourite for the title. DON'T MISSOsaka opens up on 'finally' starting therapy after heckling incidentBarty hints at tennis retirement U-turn as she teases future in golfKyrgios fires threat to Rublev with Aussie 'underdog' at Miami Open  All three of the 36-year-old's Major title wins came in finals against Djokovic and Nadal, as he won his first at the Australian Open back in 2014 by defeating the Spaniard and his most recent Grand Slam at the US Open in 2016, downing the world No 1 in four sets. And Wawrinka is raring to go, having already touched down in Marbella where he is sharing photos from the practice court. Thiem will be the top seed at the tournament while Wawrinka will be unseeded after falling to No 232 in the rankings. They are joined in the draw by the likes of Djokovic's recent conqueror Jiri Vesely, former world No 7 Fernando Verdasco and rising star Holger Rune.