Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid turned heads in a stunning floral red dress on the ITV show today, which certainly caught the attention of viewers. The TV anchor appeared to have embraced the sudden weather change as she presented the programme alongside Martin Lewis. The 51-year-old dazzled with a gorgeous one-piece that featured a low-cut neck and a floral print. The form-fitting ensemble showcased her slender curves and gave viewers a glimpse of her toned physique, as she sat behind the newsdesk. Taking to social media, Martin shared a picture of the presenting duo which gave another angle of the mid-length dress. The popular television personality teamed the number with a rouge lip, which enhanced her glamorous look. READ MORE: 'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star Susanna wore her brunette tresses in loose waves for the show's latest offering. Viewers quickly flocked to social media as they gushed over the GMB presenter's stylish looks. Twitter user Susanne Boycott penned: "Susanna looks stunning this morning." Stems of Taunton wrote: "Love your dress, Susanna." Just Jax commented: "@susannareid100 You look gorgeous." Nikki de Villiers gushed: "Wonderful! Two professionals at the helm. Susanna, you look gooorrrgggeous in your dress. Do let us know where it’s from please."(sic) Philip Counsell noted: "Good morning both, Susanna you look stunningly beautiful." "Susanna looking ravishing as ever," Craig Young added. DON'T MISS... ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home[LATEST]'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star[TWITTER]'We took so much s**t!' Gordon Ramsay reignites row with neighbours[ADMISSION] Chanandler joked: "I wish @susannareid100 hadn't worn that red dress today on @GMB. I wasn't ready to fall in love on a Tuesday." Jesse added: "Gorgeous as ever." Susanna's co-presenter Martin also took to the micro-blogging site and explained that the pair attempted to take a selfie together. In view of his 1.3 million followers, he shared a candid snap of the duo as they beamed at the camera. He captioned the post: "Good morning Britain. We're ready to go. Me and my quirky face as I struggle to take a selfie while a VT rolls (@GMB @susannareid100)." During Tuesday's GMB host Noel Phillips gave Susanna and Martin the latest update about Prince William and Kate Middleton's visit to Jamaica. It comes after a group of Jamaican politicians, business leaders and doctors have called for the British monarchy to pay slavery reparations in an open letter. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are due to land in Jamaica as part of their Caribbean tour. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV at 6am.