The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have stepped back from Royal Family life to pursue careers not permitted within the traditions of the institution. Relocating to Meghan’s home state of California, they have secured lucrative deals with streaming giants Netflix and Spotify, and have waded into humanitarian and political debates. But Dr Bob Morris claims the Firm’s focus on the heir apparent and those who are likely to rule in their lifetime sidelines the potential of the ‘spares’ within the Royal Family. Dr Morris, of the Constitution Unit at University College London, told Express.co.uk that the monarchy has perhaps been “unimaginative in developing the careers of the spares”. Part of this, he added, is that the institution may “rely too much on military careers”. Prince Harry, although a prominent staple of the Royal Family since his birth, has not been seen as carrying the same royal responsibility as his elder brother, Prince William. Prince William, who is second in line to the throne after his father, Prince Charles, will then pass the crown down to his children. This convention in the line of succession means that Prince Harry slips further down the pecking order, and is currently sixth. He now comes after Prince William’s children, Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and three-year-old Prince Louis. But the role of the ‘spare’ is ill-defined and often will see the youngest children of the monarch, or those not next in line, turn to the military for a career in the armed forces. READ MORE: Prince Harry memoir: Duke 'fed up' William 'always has it better' Prince Harry served in the army for a decade, during which he served two tours in Afghanistan. He rose to the rank of Captain, and trained at the military academy at Sandhurst. In February 2008, the Ministry of Defence announced Prince Harry had been serving with the British Army for a number of months in Helmand, Afghanistan. A statement from Clarence House read: "Prince Harry is very proud to serve his country on operations alongside his fellow soldiers and to do the job he has been trained for." DON'T MISS: Queen ‘came close to breakdown’ after plot against Prince Charles [INSIGHT] Queen powerless to strip Meghan and Harry of Sussex titles [ANALYSIS] Royal expert details Queen's 'secrets' to staying positive [REVEAL] Just over a month later, he rose to the rank of Lieutenant with The Household Cavalry (Blues and Royals). However, when the Duke and Duchess of Sussex gave up their royal duties, Prince Harry lost a number of his honorary military titles. He was stripped of his role as Honorary Air Commandant of RAF Honington in Suffolk and Captain-General of the Royal Marines, among others. This also meant the Duke was not permitted to wear his military uniform at a New York award ceremony last year. But Prince Harry’s departure from Royal Family life to pursue interests and a life outside the Firm may have triggered a similar thought process in other senior royals who will likely never ascend the throne. Dr Morris said Meghan and Harry’s departure could “have the effect that other members of the Royal Family, the elder members of the Royal Family, will think twice about what roles they wish to take in life”. He added that “Meghan and Harry are a loss” to the monarchy “because of the sort of people they could have become” for the Royal Family, giving the institution a “boost” by branching out and showing the Firm in a new light. But, Dr Morris added, “they’ve taken off, and that’s that - we shall not see them again”.