The Herefordshire driving range, Grove Golf and Bowl is encouraging customers to "knock some sense" into Putin. The new targets, which are dotted around the course, are part of a fundraising effort to support the people of Ukraine. Ten percent of all profit will be donated to the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) Ukraine Humanitarian appeal. Roger Helme, who owns Grove Golf and Bowl, said he had the idea after "feeling helpless" when watching the situation in Ukraine. He said: "Like everyone, we have been watching the news feeling helpless as the situation unfolds. "We're in the 21st century, these sort of things shouldn't be happening anymore. "It must be absolutely soul-destroying for the people out there." One customer at the driving range, 37-year-old Will Maguire said the new targets help to "get rid of a lot of stress". He said: "I won't lie, it is pretty satisfying to crack a ball off Putin's face and gets rid of a lot of stress. "It's a fun away to raise money for what is just an awful, unimaginable situation and anything that can help the Ukrainian people has got to be a good thing." Danny Frampton, another customer at the golf course described it as a "great way to help out in a small way", adding that he was "mortified" at the situation in Ukraine. READ MORE: Ukraine horror: Putin recruits 40,000 'ISIS' fighters The 42-year-old from Leominster said: "It certainly helps improve your game as I couldn't stop aiming for him. "At one point you had about 20 golfers all going for the same target, it was quite funny really. "It's a great feeling when you land a ball off his bonce. "I think it's a brilliant idea and a great way to help out in a small way as everybody has been mortified by what they have been seeing unfold over there." DON'T MISS: Nuclear war warning: World on brink as conflict could turn atomic [REPORT] Ukraine horror: Putin recruits 40,000 'ISIS' fighters [REVEAL] Panic erupts at 'creepy' orange sky - Saharan dust cloud covers London [INSIGHT] This comes as more than 1,500 civilians have been killed or injured in Ukraine since fighting began, the UN has reported. Among those killed were 42 children, while 54 have been injured. Earlier this week, Ukrainian authorities accused Russian forces of bombing a theatre and a swimming pool, where hundreds of civilians - including pregnant women and children - were sheltering from the conflict. The Ukrainian foreign ministry said Russia had committed a "horrendous war crime". It added: "It is impossible to find words to describe the level of cynicism and cruelty, with which Russian invaders are destroying peaceful residents of a Ukrainian city by the sea." However, the Russian defence ministry denied attacking the building, instead accusing far-right Ukrainian militia, the Azov Battalion, of conducting the attack.