The remains of Roy Bigg were discovered in the basement of a former wine bar in Forest Gate, east London. Horrified builders working at the former Simpson's Wine Bar building found his body. Mr Bigg was reported missing in February 2012, according to London's Metropolitan Police. The force on Monday issued an appeal for anyone with information about Mr Bigg to get in touch. A post-mortem examination found the cause of death to be inconclusive. Mr Bigg's remains were identified using his dental records. Detective Chief Inspector Kelly Allen from the Met’s Specialist Crime Command said: "We believe that Roy’s body may have been in the freezer for a number of years.  "Speaking to people who knew him will help us establish not only his lifestyle and habits, but also when he was last seen." Mr Bigg was born on September 8, 1944, with the Met believing he would have been aged about 70 when he died. DCI Allen added: "It doesn’t matter if it’s been a long time since you knew him, or if you only knew him briefly, any information may be of real significance to our enquiries." "We have released an image of Roy and hope that anyone who knew him will take the time to come forward and speak with us.  READ MORE ABOUT THE UK HEADING FOR A DISASTER 'BEYOND IMAGINATION' "If you don’t want to speak directly to police please contact Crimestoppers anonymously, but whatever you do, please do make the call." The building in Romford Road where Mr Bigg's body was found has been derelict for many years. Pictures from the scene when his remains were found in October showed a forensics tent outside the derelict pub with officers and cordons in place. The pub was known as The Freemasons Arms before it reopened as Simpsons between the 1980s and 2000s.   DON'T MISS: Boy, 14, arrested on suspicion of rape of a young girl [LATEST] Royal Family LIVE: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' [REVEALED] Queen fights ‘haunting image’ to attend Phillip’s memorial [REPORT] Anyone who knew Mr Bigg should call the Met's Incident Room on 020 8345 1570 or call 101 or Tweet @MetCC quoting CAD4332/15OCT21. To remain anonymous, call the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 or visit crimestoppers-uk.org 