Speaking to the Sunday Express in Brussels this weekend after crunch meetings with European nations over the crisis in Ukraine, Liz Truss said the UK’s commitment to the core principle of NATO – “all for one and one for all” – was “iron clad”. Concern is growing over Baltic NATO members bordering Russia and Belarus, amid the unpredictable threat posed by Vladimir Putin and his relentless push into Ukraine. Ms Truss said: “We have an iron-clad Article 5 commitment to the Baltic states. “They are part of NATO. It is one for all and all for one. That is iron clad. This is why we are supplying extra [weapons and support].” Article 5 on collective defence forms the “very heart” of NATO’s founding treaty, which NATO says “remains a unique and enduring principle that binds its members together, committing them to protect each other and setting a spirit of solidarity within the Alliance”. The UK has recently doubled its armed forces in Estonia, one of the three Baltic states along with Lithuania and Latvia, to around 4,000. It has also sent extra fighter aircraft to bases in Romania and a Royal Navy ship near Sebastopol. Ms Truss went on: “It is terrible what is going on that Putin has invaded a sovereign nation. A nation he said he would protect their sovereignty and territorial integrity. READ MORE: UK and US special forces gearing up for mission to rescue Zelensky  “But it is also very, very worrying for European security. I was in Vilnius this week, hearing from the Lithuanians. "They are very close, they are on the border with Belarus, they are close to Kaliningrad. “The threat that Putin has made is of course to Ukraine, but he has always been clear about his wider ambitions which is to create a greater Russia, to turn the clock back to the mid-1990s. “This is why we are supplying extra support to the Eastern flank, we have doubled our troops into Estonia, we are supplying more air cover, more maritime security because this is a real threat to European security.” She added: “It is not just about European security. What will the message be to the rest of the world? If Putin doesn’t lose, that will embolden other aggressors around the world. “This is why countries like Singapore, South Korea are joining us in putting sanctions on Russia because they understand the implication if Putin is successful.” So what do you think? Should the UK go to war if Putin pushes into NATO territory? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below. 