An emotional Ukrainian-British aid worker praised Boris Johnson for stepping up to help Ukraine while the "EU had time to finish their croissants". In a poignant and searing speech at the Scottish Conservative party conference yesterday, Zhenya Dove heaped praise on Britain for standing by Ukraine following Russia's invasion. She said that British anti-tank weapons "were already being used on the front line while Italy was worried about Gucci sales". Appearing alongside Scottish Conservative leader Douglas Ross, Ms Dove said she was overwhelmed by the support Britain had shown Ukraine. Speaking at the Aberdeen-based conference, she said: "Our wonderful country stepped up and showed the whole world how it should be done. "Long before anybody in the EU had time to finish their morning croissants. "Italy was worried about Gucci sales and Germany was shipping discontinued helmets to the Polish border." JUST IN: Russia EXODUS as flurry of private jets leave Moscow for Dubai She added: "British anti-tank weapons were being used on the front line to the jolly singing of 'God Save the Queen'." Ms Dove grew up in Ukraine but has worked as an aid worker in Edinburgh for 13 years and considers the Scottish capital to be her home. She was born in the city of Kherson, which is now occupied by Russian forces. The aid worker said: "The main landmark of my hometown now has the Russian flag flown over it.” She claimed Ukraine's desire to move towards the West is "the reason why we are being punished by our neighbours, purely for wanting to be like you, to have the freedom to speak your mind, to elect your own politicians, to drink Fanta". While her parents remain in Ukraine, Ms Dove recently helped her sister and niece escape the war-torn country and said they are now in Europe awaiting visas to join her in Edinburgh. She ended her speech, saying: "The tenacity, bravery and unity of Ukrainian people is something to behold and admire." DON'T MISS: Putin shame: Sugar delivery causes desperate scramble in shop [VIDEO]Putin's speech shows Kremlin is 'looking for escape route' [INSIGHT]POLL: Is the soaring cost of petrol and diesel making you drive less? [POLL] She continued: "The only thing I ask, I beg please, don’t let them die. Like that spiritual ancestors, they deserve so much better. "And they’re fighting for freedom. And there’s nothing better to be fighting for." Speaking after Ms Dove, Mr Johnson praised her powerful speech as “extraordinary and moving". He said he was “more convinced than ever” Russian President Vladimir Putin’s military campaign would fail. Earlier today, the Prime Minister warned of the beginning of a “new age of intimidation” stretching from the Baltic to the Black Sea if President Putin succeeds in his invasion of Ukraine.