Joanna Lumley, 75, usually keeps quiet about her private life, but has now given a surprising insight into her life with husband Stephen Barlow. The star explained that she and her other half are admittedly “dull" due to their food choices. Dame Joanna spoke on the Table Manners podcast to Jessie and Lennie Ware about her takeaway curry place of choice. The star said she and Stephen prefer to have guests round to make them tuck into the “drab” food they've cooked. She added that when they do have takeaways, they go to a restaurant on South Lambeth road, the name of which escaped her. She said: “We are literally the dullest and most unpleasant people you can imagine, we really are. READ NOW: Kate Humble opens up on ‘very seductive’ first meal with now-husband. “We like having people round and forcing them to eat the drab food we cook. “If we had takeaways, we have a good one on the South Lambeth Road, the name sadly I can’t remember.” Joanna spoke to the pair about her food habits and interests. She said that she adores corn on the cob, and also explained that, having spent a significant amount of her youth in India, she loves a curry. The star said, when asked about her ideal last supper, that she loves corn on the cob with “butter, salt, pepper, pretty much that, and eaten pretty disgustingly with it falling down your chin… “Bad for the teeth, so then a small little toothpick. “It might have been a cheese souffle, a little Swiss cheese souffle, just a little tiny one that comes up like a chef’s hat.” She said her dream main course “has to include rice". DON'T MISS... 'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown [LATEST] Naga Munchetty reacts after colleagues 'decide to step away' from BBC [INSIGHT] Strictly star's tears as family 'turned back' at Ukraine border [UPDATE] The actress said it would have to be a “magical curry” with dal, alongside other “bits and pieces". She continued, saying she also loves to tuck into a spicy curry from Nepal, but didn’t neglect the bits on the side such as poppadoms and chutneys. Moving on, Jessie and Lennie asked the Absolutely Fabulous star about her views on the Royal Family and the Queen. Joanna responded saying that she has a lot of respect for the Queen and deems her to be an “extraordinary woman.” On her new book, A Queen for All Seasons, the presenter said the book is a celebration of the monarch in time for the Platinum Jubilee. She praised the Queen's resilient and brave behaviour, saying that she has never stopped doing what she has had to do. The star explained that even when she had “evil things” written about her, she was unable to respond. She concluded, saying that she has never watched The Crown, as she is close with the Royal Family on personal terms and doesn’t like the idea of fake stories being written about them.