The Duke of Cambridge acknowledged the stir that the trip had created and took this tour as an “opportunity to reflect”. He wrote: “Foreign tours are an opportunity to reflect. You learn so much. What is on the minds of Prime Ministers. The hopes and ambitions of school children. The day-to-day challenges faced by the families and communities.  “I know that this tour has brought into even sharper focus about the past and the future. In Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas, that future is for the people to decide upon. “But we have thoroughly enjoyed spending time with communities in all three countries, understanding more about the issues that matter most to them. “Catherine and I are committed to service. For us, that’s not telling people what to do. It is about serving and supporting them in whatever way they think best, by using the platform we are lucky to have. “It is why tours such as this reaffirm our desire to serve the people of the Commonwealth and to listen to the communities around the world.  “Who the Commonwealth chooses to lead its family in the future isn’t what is on my mind. “What matters to us is the potential the Commonwealth family has to create a better future for the people who form it, and our commitment to serve and support as best we can.” During the tour, Prince William had expressed his “profound sorrow” for slavery during a visit to Jamaica, though he stopped short of offering the apology demanded by protesters who are also seeking reparations for Britain’s role in the slave trade. He echoed the words of his father, the Prince of Wales, who described the slave trade as an “appalling atrocity” during a visit to Barbados last year, when that Caribbean nation severed its ties to the British crown and became a republic. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan blasted for snubbing heartbreaking day for Queen   “I want to express my profound sorrow,” William said. “Slavery was abhorrent, and it should never have happened.” Jamaica's republican government is said to be “incredibly disappointed” that Prince William failed to apologise for Britain's historic role in the slave trade despite his humble address last night where he called it an “appalling atrocity” and a “stain on our history”. The Bahamas National Reparations Committee called for a full and formal apology from the British Royal Family on its role in slavery. In a strongly-worded open letter published on Tuesday, the Committee issued a call for an acknowledgment of slavery and reparations from the Royal Family and British Government. DON'T MISS:AA warning as petrol stations pass on less than half of fuel duty cutPrince Harry could live ‘lifetime filled with regret’ Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William 'severely wounded'  On Friday, the Duke of Cambridge addressed the people of Bahamas in his speech as the couple’s royal tour was coming to an end. He said that “we respect the decision of countries like the Bahamas, Jamaica and Belize when it comes to their future.” He said: “Next year, I know you all are looking forward to celebrating 50 years of Independence- your Golden Anniversary. “And with Jamaica celebrating 60 years of Independence this year, and Belize celebrating 40 years of independence last year, I want to say this: ‘We support with pride and respect your decision about your future. Relationships evolve. Friendship endures’.” 