Fabio Paratici has no intention of walking away from Tottenham in order to replace Leonardo as PSG's new sporting director, according to reports. The 49-year-old has been linked with a potential move to the French capital over the last few days after PSG were knocked out of the Champions League by Real Madrid on Wednesday evening. The Spanish giants successfully managed to overturn a 2-0 aggregate deficit to progress to this season's quarter-finals with an impressive 3-1 win on a memorable night under the lights at the Bernabeu.Real Madrid went into the match knowing they would need at least two goals to book their place in the last eight after falling to Kylian Mbappe's late winner in last month's reverse fixture at the Parc des Princes.The Frenchman rekindled his goalscoring form once again to find the back of the net shortly before half-time and put PSG in the ascendancy at the break.However, the visitors were undone by an inspired display from Real Madrid veteran Karim Benzema, who produced a remarkable second-half hat-trick to keep Real Madrid's hopes of European glory alive and kicking.PSG director Leonardo is said to be under pressure as a result of the club's unceremonious Champions League exit and is expected to be relieved of his duties at the end of the season. JUST IN: Man Utd urged to strip Harry Maguire of captaincy by former team-mate Paratici is among the names to have been linked with the potential vacancy in recent weeks after working hard to sign the likes of Cristian Romero and Dejan Kulsuevski during his short spell at Tottenham.However, the Italian remains fully committed to the project at Spurs and will not be leaving the club to join PSG in the near future, according to The Athletic.The report claims that PSG have already identified Paratici as a priority target but will not be successful in any attempt to prise him away from north London ahead of next season.He is said to be enthusiastic about his ongoing project at Tottenham, where he enjoys a close working relationship with manager Antonio Conte and chairman Daniel Levy. Paratici has repeatedly underlined his desire to bring the club back to the Premier League's upper reaches in the months since he was appointed as their new managing director of football last summer."I want to think about the long term, to build something is our target," he told the club's official channels back in October."When I spoke about the big picture, it’s this. We have the best infrastructure, amazing fans."We’re in a big city, the best city in Europe I think. We’ve got everything to be really, really big."Meanwhile, former Tottenham midfielder Jamie O'Hara recently questioned the efficacy of Paratici's recruitment strategy by insisting that he should be targeting better players than the likes of Emerson Royal and Bryan Gil ahead of next season. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE He told talkSPORT: "I look at the recruitment and, for me, is it good enough? I look at the players they’ve brought in."Romero, you paid £50million for him. Is he any better than what he had before, in terms of [Toby] Alderweireld and [Jan] Vertonghen? No."We brought Royal in. Is he better than what we had before? There’s question marks. Bryan Gil has come in."He’s a young lad. Is he better than what we had with [Erik] Lamela? Maybe not. And [Giovani] Lo Celso, he’s not on [Christian] Eriksen’s level."The recruitment from the new guy [Paratici] and from Daniel Levy, I still don’t think it’s good enough. Plus, you’ve still got players in Eric Dier who played under [Mauricio] Pochettino." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here