Yellowstone fans have been hooked on Paramount's 1883 series which follows the first generation Duttons across the Wild West. Sam Elliott's character is Shea Brennan, a tough Pinkerton Agent who is tasked with guiding the group across the Oregan Trail. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the star's personal life, including his children. Sam Elliott is a 77-year-old American actor who is highly decorated when it comes to TV and film accolades. He is known and loved for his distinctive look and resonant voice, and stars in a number of Western films. His other credits include the 2018 version of A Star is Born, for which he was nominated for a number of awards. The actor is married to film and stage actress, Katharine Ross. READ MORE: Y1883’s Sam Elliott admits Shea told huge lie about his past The pair have a daughter together, Cleo Rose Elliott, who was born in September 1984. She is a musician based in Malibu, California, where Ross and Elliott have a seaside ranch. The 37-year-old musician is on Instagram, but her profile is set to private. She has not posted anything, so it seems her social media presence is almost non-existent. The star rose to fame when she was 24, with her hit No More Lies. She was seen posing for a rare photo when her father earned his first Oscar nomination for A Star is Born. The singer also attended the 91st annual Academy Awards with her family. Her biggest musical influences are Guns N’ Roses and Pink Floyd. The star's talent does not stop at music, as she has been a model since 2003. She appeared on a hairstyling show and was featured in Malibu Times Magazine. DON'T MISS... Yellowstone: 1883's Sam Elliott’s furious rant at Oscar nominee [INSIGHT] Y 1883’s Sam Elliott admits fear for his life on set [INTERVIEW] Y 1883's Sam Elliott admits he declined chance to work on Yellowstone [INSIGHT] In an interview with The Malibu Times from 2008, she said her parents had been supportive of her passions. She said: “I’m working on selling this one and working on some more songs. “My parents are totally supportive of this. They’re just happy I don’t want to be an actor.” She started training in Italian opera with singer-songwriter Charity Chapman. However, she realised she preferred rock music to classical. Her mother and father starred together in Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid in 1969. But they did not meet again until 1978 when they both starred in The Legacy and started dating. Elliott is unlikely to star in the upcoming Yellowstone prequel, 1932, which will focus on a new generation of the Dutton family.  The Yellowstone franchise will continue with the prequel series 1932.