Ferrari have been singled out as a team with a ‘big opportunity’ to come out on top ahead of Mercedes and Red Bull following the new regulations in 2022 by British former Formula 1 driver Johnny Herbert. The Italian motorsport giants have not won the world championship since the recently-retired Kimi Raikkonen snatched the title from McLaren duo Lewis Hamilton and Fernando Alonso in 2007. The new regulations come into play this season after years of anticipation coupled with Mercedes dominance. Originally intended for the 2021 season, the implementation of the new regulations were delayed a year due to Covid. These regulations are aimed at reducing ‘following car distance’ by removing ‘dirty air’ that leading cars leave in their wake, making overtaking moves more difficult due to the turbulent air flow. Cars differ quite substantially from their predecessors despite power units essentially being unchanged, as sidepods, airboxes, brake ducts, underbodies and both front and rear wings have been completely redesigned. JUST IN: George Russell told how to get under Lewis Hamilton's skin The addition of 18-inch wheels will also massively affect the cars, both visually and technically. There has already been one three-day test in Barcelona - billed as a 'shakedown' by F1 - and many teams brought a number of upgrades as testing began in Sakhir. The circuit is the host of the season-opening Bahrain GP next weekend. DON'T MISSAlonso claims no F1 driver likes 2022 cars one week from Bahrain GPJohnny Herbert details why he fears Mercedes may 'have a dominant car'Horner complains Lewis Hamilton's new Mercedes car is illegal Herbert, who works as a Sky commentator after a career racing for the likes of Benetton, Sauber and Jaguar, believes the dawn of a new era provides a massive chance for Ferrari to return to glory. “The reset is a big opportunity for Ferrari – but how many years have we spoken about the potential and passion in Maranello?” Herbert wrote in a column for Motor Sport Magazine. “The team was on it a couple of years ago, but that didn’t turn out to be entirely legit… and when whatever it had was taken away, my, was it miles off. “If Ferrari does get it right, it has two bloody good drivers who will deliver. “We already know Charles Leclerc has got it and can go wheel to wheel with Max, but Carlos Sainz Jr has also impressed me massively.” Ferrari suggested they would likely not add to their current setup during testing in Bahrain as they seek to optimise their current machinery. Ferrari is one of F1's most successful teams and certainly the sport’s most iconic, but the Italian outfit was some way off the top two last year - although they appear to have significantly closed the gap. Sky F1’s Karun Chandhok believes team will be back in contention in 2022, adding: “I think we'd all be pretty shocked if Red Bull and Mercedes are not at the front. “But I don't think we can rule out Ferrari, and I think McLaren are also in the hunt.” The 22-race 2022 campaign, which was set to be a record 23 races before the Russian Grand Prix was cancelled, begins with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 20.