The Duke of Sussex was spotted at a Stockyards Championship Rodeo event over the weekend. Sporting a cowboy hat, Harry fitted in with locals at the Cowtown Coliseum in Fort Worth, Texas. A snap, shared on Instagram, showed Harry behind the scenes as he was given a VIP tour. Harry is said to have joined the crowds to watch bull-riding events and reportedly joked that he would have taken part if he hadn’t “lost his rigging bag”. But, the Duke does have some 'cowboy' experience having spent a few months on a ranch as a teenager. It’s well-known that Harry’s grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II, has a fondness for horses. The British monarch received her first riding lesson at age three, and was given her first pony when she turned four. In 2003, Harry followed in his grandmother’s footsteps and spent three months working on a ranch in southern Queensland, Australia. There, he learned how to handle cattle and repair damaged fences, the basic skills for a “jackaroo”, aka Australian cowboy. Harry, who was 19 at the time, spent part of his gap year working on the cattle ranch. As a keen polo player, the prince was already an accomplished horseman, but herding cattle is a far cry from the sport of kings. Harry spoke fondly of his time in Australia, saying in 2003: "It's a great country. "I have had a great time working out here, meeting people and learning a bit about how to be a jackaroo." Harry was third-in-line to the throne at the time of his visit to Queensland, but with the birth of his niece and nephews, he is now sixth-in-line. However, Harry has always desired a more normal life, which is likely what motivated him to work on a ranch for three months and later join the army. This feeling, combined with a number of other factors eventually led to Harry and his wife Meghan Markle stepping down as senior royals in 2020. Since stepping down, the Duke has enjoyed a number of all-American activities. Last month, he was pictured watching the Super Bowl with his cousin Princess Eugenie. However, Harry’s recent visit to the Texas Rodeo event has faced some backlash. A source told the Daily Mail that the prince's attendance was “shocking” and showed a "lack of respect", given his wife Meghan Markle's support for animal rights. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle's 4-word reply to stunned Prince Charles after offer to walk her down aisle [LATEST]Queen savagely mocked over dress in throwback picture: 'Like a Cadbury wrapper!' [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Do YOU think Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will have more children? [ANALYSIS] The source said: “It's a quintessentially American event, where animals are made to perform. “Given he has such a lack of respect for the First Amendment and his wife is such an animal rights activist — it is shocking he thought he could show his face here.” Meghan is a keen advocate for animal activism and reportedly persuaded the Duke not to take part in the Royal Family’s annual Boxing Day hunt in 2017. Charity has played a huge role within Meghan and Harry’s relationship, both during their time as working royals and after their exit. In an interview with James Corden last year, Harry said: "My life is always going to be about public service, and Meghan has signed up to that and both of us enjoy doing it." The Sussexes founded their own non-profit, Archewell, which has partnered up with several other initiatives and associations, including the World Central Kitchen and Global Citizen. Harry is expected to visit the Netherlands next month to attend the Invictus Games, a sporting event the Duke set up in 2014, having seen how the power of sport could support wounded servicemen and women in their recovery. However, his attendance is uncertain, as the same security issues Harry is facing in the UK could also apply to the Netherlands. Speaking on ITV’s Royal Rota podcast, ITV royal editor Chris Ship wondered what would happen to Harry for the upcoming Invictus Games. He said: “Because [Prince Harry] claims that the British police will have access to intelligence and the kind of things that his privately funded US security won’t have. “But then again, couldn't you say that about when he goes to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games? “Is he going to bring his own security or is he going to ask for the Netherlands government to pay for his security, that he'll pay them back?" ITV’s royal producer, Lizzie Robinson added: “I mean, where does he draw the line?”