The deal will help finance a new high-speed electric railway line in Turkey. Major contracts will be awarded to British and Turkish businesses, according to the Government which made the announcement on Thursday. Nine-figure contracts are set to be awarded to rail suppliers in Britain as a condition of the UK's support for the deal. It is the first UK-supported rail transaction in Turkey for more than 160 years and forms part of Turkey’s plan to transform high-speed rail in the country. International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan said: "Turkey is a vital trading partner for the UK. "Our shared global outlook on free trade and the environment is the driving force behind economic growth in our two nations."  She added that it is fitting that UK Export Finance’s biggest ever civil infrastructure deal is strongly sustainable. Ms Trevelyan said: "This is a proud moment for the UK railway industry, using its industrial roots to reduce emissions in heavily polluted cities." The new 312 mile (503km) electric-powered railway line will connect Turkey’s capital Ankara to the huge port-side city of Izmir. Dr Nureddin Nebati, Turkey's Treasury and Finance Minister, said: "We are very glad for the cooperation and strong longstanding relations with [the] UK government and we hope to further strengthen our collaboration."  READ MORE ABOUT RISHI SUNAK'S 'STEALTH TAX' According to the Government, Turkey is one of the UK’s most important independent trading partners. The bilateral trading relationship was worth £17.5billion in the four quarters to the end of Q3 2021, increasing by £1.4billion from the same period in 2020. UK companies of all sizes are expected to supply the project with several nine-figure deals close to being agreed. Engineering and construction giant ERG International Group is supporting the project with UK firms expected to supply British-made railway lines, turnouts, point machines, fasteners, material and equipment for signalling, telecommunication and electrification systems, as well as vital insurance and freight services.   DON'T MISS: Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe touches down on British soil [REPORT] Frost savages 'appalling bitterness' of EU [REVEALED] Putin issues warning to the West after Biden brands 'war criminal' [LATEST] Political and economics commentator, Robert Kimbell, told Express.co.uk: "This is very good news for several reasons. "One: The UK is becoming an increasingly important trading partner for Turkey, a country with which Britain should soon embark on negotiations towards a bilateral Free Trade Agreement to replace the rolled-over continuity trade deal inherited from the UK's era as an EU member."  "Two: This will boost the engineering sector in the UK and it must be hoped that numerous, British-owned companies will benefit in addition to the rail companies in the UK that are owned by foreign parents." Credit Suisse and Standard Chartered Bank lead on the financing of the deal with support from UK Export Finance, the operating name of the Government's Export Credits Guarantee Department. Yoshi Ichikawa, Head of Structured Export Finance for Europe at Standard Chartered Bank, said: "We’re proud to further strengthen our relationship with the Turkish government, providing a loan structured with a clear focus on international social and environmental standards."  Murat Dedeoglu, ERG International UK Group CEO said the company is honoured with the achievement and its historic milestone. The Government said the deal will help Turkey decarbonise its transport sector and meet commitments made at COP26 to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Britain hosted the COP26 climate conference in Glasgow last year. 