It goes without saying that they should have disappeared a long time ago but in certain areas of our cities both republican and loyalist hardmen still exercise influence. The peace process has tried to bring these “ex-combatants” in from the cold and give them a place in Northern Ireland post the Belfast Agreement, and to be fair some have made that transition working within their communities: others have not. On this occasion, the target of their ire was Simon Coveney, the ever-present Foreign Affairs minister from the Republic of Ireland. He was giving a speech in North Belfast when a van was hijacked and a poor man was forced to drive the vehicle to the venue where Coveney was speaking - goodness knows what was going through his head as he was forced to make that journey. Coveney has become a figure of hate within loyalist and unionist areas because of his refusal to listen to the genuine concerns of unionists over a long period, but particularly since the imposition of the iniquitous Northern Ireland Protocol. Coveney loves the protocol and no rational, logical argument will drag him away from his desire to implement it, regardless of the harm it is doing to Northern Ireland. He has been warned on numerous occasions to be realistic and seek a better way forward as should have been the case right from the beginning of the Brexit negotiations, but Simon along with others in the Irish Government could not resist the chance to divide Northern Ireland from the rest of the United Kingdom. Whatever about his bad politics, however, the resort to violence or the threat of violence has to be condemned by all democrats – no matter how much we disagree. Those of us who have lived through terrorism know the total devastation it brings to families and communities.And resorting to terror is totally counter-productive. Once a section of the community goes into the morass of targeting people they disagree with, the argument they are trying to make will be lost in understandable and justifiable outrage at the threat of violence.People will conflate those attending peaceful protests with paramilitary acts, which is wrong but I am a realist and know that is what will happen. Indeed, the leader of the Ulster Unionists, Doug Beattie has already linked peaceful protests with paramilitaries which is wholly unfair but entirely predictable.Of course, we should be able to make the argument about the protocol damaging Northern Ireland. Yes, the community should be able to peacefully protest about it - but once violence is involved or the threat of it, even if only from a tiny minority, then this is a very easy way to reject the discussion - wholly reasonable points will be tainted.I know the unionist and loyalist community in Northern Ireland are incredibly frustrated that they are not being listened to by anyone, but this is not the way to deal with it. Some in loyalism will say that violence worked for the IRA in the 1970s and 80s – but did it? Their aim of a United Ireland still has not been achieved after 30 plus years of violence and in the end, they had to come into politics in a Northern Ireland Assembly under British jurisdiction. Of course, politics has to work and let’s face it the Belfast Agreement, the basis for politics in Northern Ireland since 1998, is in serious trouble. Many within my community have now rejected the Belfast Agreement because our own Government has seen fit to override its provisions to get Brexit done for Great Britain, through the NI Protocol which separates NI from the rest of the UK on-trade and therefore overrides the Act of Union. There are those within our government who know that politics in NI is on a knife-edge. The Assembly election is coming in May and if as predicted SF become the largest party, this will fuel even more instability.At the weekend the Attorney General, Suella Braverman MP, gave formal advice that article 16 of the protocol should be triggered to reset relationships and deal with the obvious problems of the Protocol.The Prime Minister must act to stabilise the community in Northern Ireland, not because of the violence or threat of violence from loyalist paramilitaries, but because he knows, and has known for a long time that the protocol is bad law – he published a command paper last July acknowledging the grounds were there to deal with the issue - he has prevaricated ever since.The time for dither is well past and the PM must take action for all our sakes.