BBC News audience could hear Joanna Gosling's voice breaking as she announced the mum-of-one was at Tehran Airport after her passport was finally returned from Iran's authorities. Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe and fellow prisoner Anoosheh Ashoori were unexpectedly released on Wednesday after five and six years in prison respectively. Breaking the news, Ms Gosling said: "There is an update. Two detained British Iranians Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe and Anoosheh Ashoori are heading..." The BBC newsreader took a second to recollect herself before apologising to the audience. She continued: "Sorry, this is a moving moment because these are people who have been detained for some time. "So we're hearing Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe and Anoosheh Ashoori are heading to the airport in Tehran to leave the country, their lawyer Hojjat Kermani has said. "Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe has been held for nearly six years in Iran and her husband has worked tirelessly to secure her release." JUST IN: Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe COMING HOME as six year jail horror finally ends Iranian media did not say whether Mr Ashouri had also been handed over to the British team. Fars news agency said: "The British Government paid its $530 million debt to Tehran before her release". The UK and Iranian governments have said there is no connection between the debt and the case of Zaghari-Ratcliff. Iranian state media in 2021 had previously reported unidentified Iranian officials saying she would be freed once the debt was paid. READ MORE: 'Good grief America, have a word with yourselves!' Nancy Pelosi MOCKED over chaotic speech  Tehran's clerical rulers say Britain owes the money that Iran's Shah paid upfront for 1,750 Chieftain tanks and other vehicles, almost none of which were eventually delivered after the Islamic Revolution of 1979 toppled the US-backed leader. Tulip Siddiq, the Labour MP for Hampstead and Kilburn – where Zaghari-Ratcliffe resides – said she remains "under the authority of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard" but her family can "smell freedom". Speaking to Sky News, Ms Siddiq said: "I've spoken to Richard Ratcliffe who said that Nazanin is now at the airport in Tehran, but made the point that she is very much still under the authority of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, and that there has been no information about a deal. "However, Richard is taking heart from the fact that his wife is at the airport in Iran, she does have her British passport back. DON'T MISS:Shoppers warned as credit and debit cards could decline from Monday (INSIGHT)Lewis Hamilton reveals plans to change his name to honour his mum (REVEAL)Calls for state pension age increase to be scrapped – POLL (POLL) Amnesty International UK's chief executive Sacha Deshmukh said news of the release was "fantastic." Mr Deshmukh said: "Nazanin and Anoosheh should never have been detained in the first place - they were both jailed on trumped-up national security charges, a familiar tactic in Iran. "Nazanin and Anoosheh have unquestionably been used as political pawns by the Iranian authorities - and the Iranian authorities have acted with calculated cruelty, seeking to wring the maximum diplomatic value out of their captivity. "The Government needs to follow up on Nazanin and Anoosheh's release by immediately renewing its calls for the release of the UK nationals Mehran Raoof and Morad Tahbaz, both of whom are still going through an ordeal all too similar to Nazanin and Anoosheh's. "It's been clear for years that the Iranian authorities are targeting foreign nationals with spurious national security-related charges to exert diplomatic pressure, and it's more important than ever that Britain works multilaterally to combat this insidious practice."