Ukraine's military has continued to counter Russian misinformation concerning the war with their own propaganda offensive. This time the Ukrainian Defence Minister has taken to awarding viral clips from the conflict in a mock Oscars ceremony poking fun at the poor performance of Russia's army. In the style of the Hollywood awards ceremony, the mock Ukrainian version has a number of categories including 'Best Picture' and 'Best Supporting Actor.' 'Best Picture,' was awarded to footage of the badly damaged Orsk, a 370ft Russian military supply ship which successfully bombed by Ukraine as was harboured in the southern port city of Berdyansk. The video, which shows flames engulfing the Alligator-class tank carrier, was re-shared on the Offical Ukrainian Ministry of Defence Twitter account with the title "Russian Warship, Go F*** Yourself" in reference to the reply of Ukrainian border guards on Snake Island when asked by the Russian navy to surrender at the start of the invasion. In another slap down of the Kremlin, the 'Best Supporting Actor,' award was given to the clip of a Ukrainian farmer towing a captured Russian tank. Footage of Ukrainian tractors dragging away captured or damaged Russian equipment was shared widely in the opening weeks of Russia's botched invasion. Ukraine's military continues to highlight their force's success against Putin's troops as Russian troops face continued setbacks. On Thursday, the head of Britain's armed forces has said Russia's bid to take all of Ukraine during its invasion looks to have "fallen apart" as Vladimir Putin's troops retreat away from Kyiv. Admiral Sir Tony Radakin said the Russian president had been "misled" about the effectiveness of his country's armed forces, with "early indications" suggesting Moscow was withdrawing troops - a move that has opened them up to counterattacks by Ukrainian defenders. DON'T MISS:Zelensky’s call for no-fly zone rejected [OPINION]Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL]People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] In a speech and follow-on question-and-answer session at an Institute for Government (IfG) event, the Chief of the Defence Staff said Mr Putin was a "weaker and more diminished figure today" than he was before the invasion started on February 24. He announced that the UK was "incredibly cautious" about believing Russian claims of withdrawing from Kyiv but said there did appear to be signs the Kremlin was preparing to focus its efforts on the east and south of Ukraine. Sir Tony said: "I think we are seeing that Russia's ambitions to take Kyiv and Russia's ambitions to take the whole of Ukraine, and do that in a very swift and impressive fashion, those ambitions have fallen apart. "And it looks now that less emphasis is being placed on Kyiv and more emphasis is being placed on the east and the south. "We are starting to see the early indications of those forces being moved back from Kyiv and retreating to both Russia and Belarus. "That in itself is a difficult evolution for Russia because they are doing that under contact, so Ukraine armed forces will attack those Russian forces as they retreat." During his opening remarks on Thursday, the British military chief said the coming weeks would "continue to be very difficult" for Ukraine before adding: "But in many ways, Putin has already lost. "Far from being the far-sighted manipulator of events that he would have us believe, Putin has damaged himself through a series of catastrophic misjudgments."