Prices have plummeted as much as 17 percent with oil now down to just over $115 (£87.27) a barrel, compared with recent highs of over $130 (£98.66). The slump comes after an intervention from the United Arab Emirates (UAE) who have called on the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to boost supplies. In a statement the UAE's ambassador to Washington Yousef al-Otaiba said: “We favor production increases and will be encouraging OPEC to consider higher production levels. The UAE has been a reliable and responsible supplier of energy to global markets for more than 50 years and believes that stability in energy markets is critical to the global economy.”  Oil prices have surged since the start of the Ukraine invasion with fears mounting of disruption to supplies from Russia, which provides around seven percent of global supply. Russian oil has since been further cut off from the world economy following the announcement of bans on imports by the US and Canada. The UK has also committed to phasing out Russian oil by the end of the year. This has left countries with a key question of how to fill the gap left by Russia's oil exports with US President Biden continuing appeals to OPEC to increase production. While now under greater pressure due to Russian sanctions, the issue of OPEC production is not new with the cartel having so far struggled to meet quotas designed to boost production after the pandemic.While much of the world was in lockdown and demand was lower, OPEC cut production but has since promised to unwind these cuts with targets to increase production by 400,000 barrels a day.A number of members however have failed to meet their quotas, keeping supplies under pressure even before the Ukraine crisis.So far calls from the US have made little impact with OPEC Secretary General Mohammed Barkindo this week saying there was "no capacity" to replace the seven million barrels per day usually produced by Russia. The comments from the UAE mark a potential turning point if further pressure is put within the group to increase production.However there has been some mixed messaging with the UAE's energy minister Suhail al-Mazrouei subsequently tweeting that the UAE was committed to "existing monthly production"."To suggest the oil market is confused would be an understatement as we are in an unprecedented situation" Stephen Innes, managing partner at SPI Asset Management, told Reuters.Other options for supply could be Iran and Venezuela.  DON'T MISS: Gold prices surge amid fears of yellow metal shortage [SPOTLIGHT] Ofwat finds 'serious concerns' with water companies [INSIGHT]Russian central bank scrambles to prop up ruble [ANALYSIS] US officials have already made a recent visit to Venezuela, which has had its own sanctions on oil, to discuss energy security. Hopes have also risen that a revival of the Iran Nuclear Deal could see a boost in supply of oil for the country, although critics have pointed to Iran's links with Russia. Such measures could prove controversial in the US with House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy telling CNBC this week: "Why would you take the billions of dollars you provide to (President Putin) and just give it to another dictator?"