The war in Ukraine is a driving factor of energy price volatility in the UK as the relationship between Moscow and the West grows even more frosty. One solution to tackle the problem is by switching to electric powered motors, specialists claim. The UK, US, and EU have imposed a raft of sanctions on Russia, including the import of Russian oil and gas but the UK has stopped short of an outright ban and instead hopes to phase out its reliance on Moscow in the coming months. The war in Ukraine has caused a huge shock in the already volatile market and with five percent of Russian oil - five million barrels a day - taken out of the market, it is likely we will see further fluctuations in prices. Simon Geale, Chief Procurement Officer for supply chain consultancy Proxima, told Express.co.uk: "All supply chains thrive on predictability. "At the point where they become unpredictable, they fall apart. Things become late, things don't show up, prices go up and things get a bit chaotic."  He said, "rationing is one option", which is "a strategy designed to maintain a level of predictability in the system". Germany is one country that is preparing for a potential move to fuel rationing next winter in the event Vladimir Putin cuts off the gas pipelines which make up more than half of the country's supply. Earlier this month, Dr Amrita Sen, director of research at Energy Aspects, told MPs that parts of Europe may be facing rationing on diesel by April. In a meeting in Parliament, she said: "I think diesel is where we fear rationing could come as soon as the end of this month in Germany. And I think you could absolutely see repercussions of that in the UK as well." READ MORE: 'Credibility of the West at stake' EU split over Russian oil and gas One solution for motorists is to switch to electric vehicles, which would not only reduce environmental impacts and the reliance on Russian oil, but will also help with economic savings in the long run. Ben Nelmes, head of policy for New AutoMotive, told Express.co.uk: "We estimate the average UK motorist (doing the average amount of miles per year) would spend £1,028 per year on petrol and £987 per year on diesel. That's up from £796/year on petrol and £747/year on diesel a year ago. "An EV driver, doing typical annual mileage and charging mostly overnight (as EV drivers typically do), would have paid £174/year in electricity for their car in March 2021, and we estimate that has risen to £249/year this year due to rising domestic electricity prices. DON'T MISS: Putin outsmarts EU with new ruble plot to keep oil supplies flowing [INSIGHT]EU shame as bloc poised to import record levels of Russian energy [COMMENT]Venezuela master plan to bring Russia to its knees DOOMED [ANALYSIS] "That means that the fuel cost savings available to petrol and diesel drivers this year are a saving of £779 for petrol drivers and £738 for diesel drivers." Despite Chancellor Rishi Sunak's recent announcement of cuts to fuel duty, Mr Nelmes said it's "not going to do a great deal to reduce people's annual fuel costs" and is reliant "on the goodwill" of fuel retailers to pass the saving on to motorists. Even if retailers were to pass down the savings, New AutoMotive's research estimates that a typical family with a 55-litre petrol car will only see savings of around £3.30 for a full tank. The EV expert concluded: "The best way to cut costs for households and reduce our reliance on Russian diesel is to ramp up support for the EV transition." 