Our House, which premiers on ITV on Monday, is an adaption of Louise Candlish’s novel of the same name, and will run over the course of four days on the channel. Starring Martin Compton and Tuppence Middleton, the series will consist of four episodes. The Line of Duty star detailed why cast members resented him as he detailed the tough night shoots the cast endured and how he "got lucky".  Speaking to press including Express.co.uk about the night shoot, Rupert Penry-Jones explained: "We knew we had one night to shoot it, so obviously we spoke about it. "You just need to make sure that you've got the resources to tell the story "So, Simon [Ashdown, writer], Belinda [Campbell, executive producer] and I, we all talked about it, we put together a storyboard then we went and shot it." He continued: "There's always an element of luck involved but the weather was kind to us. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? "We shot the actual car crash and at the start that went very easily, Martin was great on the night because we were there until pretty late." Martin, 37, laughed as he recalled an incident which may have left his colleagues labelling him a "p****". He explained: "See, I remember that night quite well, I think I got lucky. "We had a night shift in Milton Keynes, as you can imagine, all the crew dreading it but there was a point at like one or two in the morning. "I was told 'right you're done' and I could just see everybody looking at me like 'you little p****'." Talking about the biggest challenges, Tuppence replied: "I think every day was a challenge, to be honest." She added: "I found the whole shoot a challenge in a really great way. "That's what you always want as an actor, and sometimes you just get what you wish for. DON'T MISS... Madeley blasts Cleverly over UK's handling of Ukraine refugee crisis [VIDEO]Cleverly slammed as he snaps at Dan Walker over Ukraine refugee probe [LATEST]The Ipcress File’s Joe Cole opens up on ‘tricky’ Harry Palmer trait [INTERVIEW] "And shooting when there's a pandemic going on and there are restrictions that was also an exterior challenge that the crew were amazing at. "It's really great that we shot this almost in a linear way." Our House tells the story about estranged married couple, Fiona and Bram, and their home which is sold to strangers. One day, Fiona returns home to find a new family living in her home, while Bram is nowhere to be found.  The house has been sold and Bram has disappeared with Fiona completely shaken and confused by what's going on. The series explores Fiona's response to the bizarre circumstances and flashes back to moments of their marriage. Our House starts on Monday at 9pm on ITV.