Tiger Woods has been absent from the PGA Tour since November 2020 after suffering life-changing injuries in a car accident three months later in February 2021. His return has remained up in the air ever since, however he no doubt excited the golf world this week after being included on the invitee list for next month’s Masters Tournament. Woods was involved in a high-speed car crash in Los Angeles just over one year ago, and suffered open fractures to his lower right leg and further injuries to his foot and ankle. This then resulted in the 15-time major champion going through extensive rehab in order to get back to full fitness. Whilst it is yet to be confirmed when Woods will be back out on the course competitively, his inclusion on Augusta’s invitee list no doubt gives hope to golf fans around the world that the American could be making the famous trip down Magnolia Lane on tournament week. Speaking about the prospect of his return to CBS earlier this year the 46-year-old confirmed: “You'll see me on the PGA Tour [in 2022]. I just don't know when." The opening major of the campaign would no doubt prove a fitting comeback for Woods, with the sport’s most well-recognised competitor returning to its most iconic setting - and a course he has enjoyed so much success on. As a result throughout his illustrious career the American has secured five green jackets, with his latest coming in 2019. JUST IN: Ashleigh Barty tipped to become golf champion after quitting tennis aged 25  And, speaking at last month’s Genesis Invitational - exactly a year on from his crash - the 82-time PGA Tour winner refused to rule out challenging for a sixth next month. When asked if he was planning to compete at Augusta this year he responded: “I don’t know.” He did however confirm that whether he is part of the playing field or not, he will still be at the Georgia venue for the 2022 tournament, and attending the past champions’ dinner pre-event. Woods added: “I'll be there Tuesday and it will be a great dinner - I don't know what kind of sushi we are going to have!" DON'T MISSSaudi Golf League door still open for Phil Mickelson after PGA Tour legacy left in tattersRory McIlroy felt 'punch drunk' after snapping golf club in fit of rage at 'crazy' courseBrooks Koepka makes Saudi Super League admission as ‘everyone talks about money' One man who will definitely not be in attendance though is the 15-time major champion’s old rival Phil Mickelson. As a result, the American is currently going through a break from golf following his recent involvement with the Saudi Golf League saga. Many had hoped he would return to the PGA Tour - despite recently taking aim at the circuit - for next month’s season opening major. However, ‘Lefty’ was included on the past winners absentee list, meaning he will miss the famous event for the first time in 28 years. 