Thomas Markle slammed Meghan and Prince Harry for not offering more support to Ukraine because they have a charity. He then went on to argue that they need to get their cheque books out and start sending money to Ukraine. Mr Markle is back in the spotlight, giving interviews due to the up and coming court case with the eldest daughter Samantha Markle, against his youngest Meghan. Mr Markle told GB News: "I mean what message can you give to Ukraine accept saying God bless Ukraine and give them some power. "You know, what they... What Harry and Meghan should do is get their cheque books out and send them to Poland. "Send it to Ukraine and help some of these people. "There are two million people displaced in Poland... I mean someone's got to help them. JUST IN: Putin humiliated as Ukrainian forces take down more than 10 aircraft in a day Mr Markle added: "They have a charity they should start using it, start spending that money. "No one seems to know what they're doing with it." It comes as the Duchess of Sussex's father said he is hoping to face Meghan and her "ginger husband" in court as part of the defamation case being brought by the duchess's half sister. Mr Markle has sided with his older daughter Samantha Markle and said he would be "thrilled" to be able to defend her. She is alleging in court documents that Meghan made "false and malicious lies" about her during the Sussexes' Oprah Winfrey interview and in the Finding Freedom biography. Ms Markle said this subjected her to "humiliation, shame and hatred on a worldwide scale". Meghan's father, in his new YouTube channel in collaboration with Karl Larsen - the first photographer to find and photograph him - said: "I've been trying for almost four years to get to see my daughter and her ginger husband in a courtroom face to face. "I haven't seen my grandchildren. I'd be thrilled to come to court and talk and defend my oldest daughter." Meghan has been estranged from her father since he was caught staging paparazzi photographs ahead of her 2018 wedding to the Duke of Sussex.  During last year's highly anticipated Oprah interview, which saw the Duke and Duchess of Sussex sat down to speak about their move to America as they decided to start distancing themselves from the Royal Family. During that interview, they were also asked about the tell-all book by Samantha Markle and her father Thomas Markle. The Duchess responded: "I think it would be very hard to tell all when you don't know me. "This is a very different situation than my dad, when I talked about betrayal, betrayal comes from someone you have a relationship with. "I don't feel comfortable speaking about people I really don't know but I grew up as an only child, which everyone who grew up around me knows, and I wished I had siblings, I would have loved to have siblings, that's why I am so excited to be pregnant so Archie will have someone. 'It was really interesting... the last time I saw her must have been at least 18, 19 years ago and before that, 10 years before that." 