Ajax’s clash with Feyenoord in the Eredivisie was delayed on Sunday afternoon after a fire broke out in the stand behind one of the goals at the Johan Cruyff Arena. The match was due to kick-off at 1.30pm local time (12.30pm GMT).   Ajax led the Eredivisie table going into the encounter and held a two-point advantage over second-place PSV. Feyenoord, meanwhile, occupied third spot but were eight points behind the leaders. Supporters packed into the stadium to witness the showdown - and it appears the fire was started after banners were accidentally set alight by fans using flares. In a video posted to the ESPN NL Twitter page, the fire could be seen raging moments before the match was due to get underway. And there would clearly have been concerns for the safety of supporters. Thick black smoke could be seen rising up into the air as stewards and safety personnel attempted to extinguish the fire. And players from both sides spoke to the referee as the chaos unfolded. The fire was eventually put out as the match was finally given the green light to get underway. READ MORE: Chelsea bidding war hots up as favourite agrees to 'emulate Liverpool'   Feyenoord stunned the visitors in the eighth minute as they took the lead courtesy of a strike from Luis Sinisterra. The winger has been in imperious form this season and found the back of the net to register his 17th strike of the campaign. Former West Ham striker Sebastian Haller, who has been one of Europe’s most prolific forwards this season, then notched his 33rd goal of the campaign to level the scores midway through the opening period. But Guus Til nudged the visitors into the lead for a second time moments later. DON'T MISS: Liverpool backed to finish 10 points behind Man City in title race (INSIGHT)Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp may be regretting January transfer call (TRANSFERS)Klopp’s 4 options as Liverpool “change systems” after Trent injury (ANALYSIS)     Ajax have been in scintillating form this season and had won 20 of their 26 league matches before Sunday’s clash. And they have put themselves in the driving seat to win their third consecutive Eredivisie title. But their first-half performance indicated they may have been suffering a hangover from their Champions League endeavours in midweek. The four-time European champions suffered a surprise exit from the competition after they were beaten at home by Benfica on Tuesday night in the last 16. Ajax have enjoyed a fecund few years and their manager Erik ten Hag is one of the names being linked to the Manchester United job. United currently have Ralf Rangnick as their interim boss – but the German is set to step aside in the summer and make way for a permanent manager. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 