Each star sign in the zodiac has different qualities, needs, and desires when it comes to finding love and being in love. Virgo, the sixth sign in the zodiac, is represented by the Virgin. Although some of Virgo’s personality traits are well-known, such as their tendency towards perfectionism, their ways of showing love towards others are lesser known. The Virgin sign finds it hard to find love as Virgos don’t always trust people, but when they do like someone, they give it their all. Horoscope.com said: “Once Virgos give their heart, they give everything. “They expect absolute honesty and give the same in return. A Virgo truly believes that partnership means ‘what’s mine is yours’, and this sign elevates a partnership above all else. “Because Virgos believe in lifelong love, a breakup or betrayal can be particularly devastating.” READ MORE: Orchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms The month is not over yet and astrology experts have predicted what’s in store for Virgos. According to astrologists, the end of the month is the perfect time for Virgos to act on their fantasies. Horoscope.com said: “Mentally active Mercury leaves smart Aquarius for Pisces, the dreamer of the zodiac, on March 27, giving you permission to let your imagination soar. “You know those fantastical romantic scenarios you think about when no one else is around? Let those fantasies be your focus now.” DON'T MISS: How to upcycle your garden furniture: The six easy transformations [INSIGHT]‘Simple ways’ to help your lawn ‘look its best’ - ‘important’ [COMMENT]Monty Don shares top tips on pruning roses now - ‘prune hard’ [EXPLAINER] As for today, March 23, Virgos are urged to communicate with their loved one or potential loved one to heal any “rift”. The astrologists continued: “You will experience that extra touch of cooperation today. “If there has been conflict, you can resolve it by letting each other know how you feel about certain issues, and by deciding that you would like to create an opportunity for healing where there may have been a rift. “Beginning this process is easy, as there is a lot of goodwill around.” Looking at the year ahead, August is looking like an exciting month for Virgos. The astrology experts said: “By the time romantic Venus reaches fiery, exciting Leo in mid-August, you’ll be ready to turn up the heat with someone who is impossible to ignore. “The flashy energy surrounding this transit makes you more outgoing and spontaneous as well, and making the first move could result in a fabulous night or a long-term thing. “Not knowing the outcome makes it even more electric.” It is still only the beginning of the year and, like for every star sign, 2022 is an opportunity for Virgo to turn over a new leaf. Horoscope.com said: “This is your year to surpass the goals you set for yourself last year, Virgo. “You keep your eye on your goals through every phase and work to meet or exceed them at every turn.” Virgo’s top love matches are Taurus, Cancer, and Capricorn. Of the love match between Virgo and Taurus, Horoscope.com said: “Two earth signs, Taurus and Virgo innately get each other, and they believe that drama takes away from partnership. “These two signs are happy to swap social media passwords – each knows that the other has nothing to hide.”