In January, a federal judge in Texas ordered the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to make public the data it relied on to license Pfizer’s COVID-19 vaccine, Reuters reported. There is an estimated 450,000 pages of material set to be released about the vaccine in the following months. Until the complete list of official documents are released by Pfizer, the public have been able to report any adverse side effects they believe to be connected to the Covid vaccine. In a government paper, an analysis of Yellow Card entries were made from December 2020 to March 2022. READ MORE: Pfizer vaccine side effects: New documents uncover a shocking 158,000 adverse events The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) offer the Yellow Card scheme, which is where recipients of the Covid vaccine can document "suspected side effects". One such adverse reaction – a cardiac arrest – has been reported 126 times, 44 of which have been fatal. If you’re not aware, cardiac arrest describes “the abrupt loss of heart function, breathing and consciousness”, the Mayo Clinic details.  Different from a heart attack, the condition is usually triggered by a problem with your heart’s electrical system. This disrupts your heart’s pumping action and stops the blood flow to your body. For comparison, heart attack occurs when the blood flow to a part of your heart gets blocked. But similarly to heart attack, cardiac arrest needs an immediate medical treatment and can be life-threatening. According to the Mayo Clinic, the signs include: They describe the symptoms as “immediate and drastic”. If you experience symptoms like these, you need get an emergency medical help and call 999. The health portals also list signs and symptoms that can happen just before cardiac arrest, including: chest discomfort, shortness of breath, weakness and heart palpitations. The NHS and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) both assure that Covid vaccinations are "safe and effective". The British Heart Foundation added: “There is no evidence that people are at risk of cardiac arrest in the days or weeks following the vaccine." Moreover, the NHS stated that "millions of people have had a coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccine". Furthermore, “reports of serious side effects are very rare".