Madeleine Dumas (played by Aude Legastelois-Bidé) featured in 10 episodes of Death in Paradise before her sudden exit at the end of season nine. The detective initially showed up in Saint Marie to investigate whether DCI Jack Mooney (Ardal O'Hanlon) was capable of leading the team after he put Florence Cassell (Josephine Jobert) in grave danger. Florence ended up getting shot while following her fiancé Patrice Campbell (Leemore Marrett Jr) to an abandoned building. While Florence survived the brutal shooting, her future husband tragically died trying to warn her. Madeleine swiftly arrived on the island afterwards to see whether Jack was up to the job. However, she quickly realised that while his policing style was unconventional and messy, Jack was more than capable of running the Saint Marie police force. READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' Despite thinking her job on Saint Marie was done, Commissioner Selwyn Patterson (Don Warrington) informed Madeleine she would be staying in Saint Marie to help Jack. Although, shortly after, DCI Mooney decided to move back to the UK to be with his daughter, and he was swiftly replaced by DCI Neville Parker (Ralf Little). Neville first appeared on Saint Marie to help Madeleine, Ruby Patterson (Shyko Amos) and officer JP Hooper (Tobi Bakare) to solve a mysterious death. After the investigation was closed and season nine came to an end, the BBC confirmed Aude and Shyko wouldn't be returning for season 10. While Aude was only in the series for a short amount of time, she only had good things to say about co-star Ardal, who welcomed her to the team as soon as she arrived. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the actress recalled: "He is such a good human being. "He welcomed me in such a classy way. From the day I arrived, he arranged a dinner, and also after that, he gave me all the tips. "What was important or not, what I shouldn't take too much time and focus on because it was a waste [of time] and it was not needed." DON'T MISS...Carol McGiffin slams Prince Harry over safety woes 'Why's he special?' [VIDEO]Emmerdale twist as couple split following Dawn Taylor betrayal? [SPOILERS]Vera star opens up on rejection by TV bosses [INSIGHT] The actress added she had great chemistry with Ardal as Madeleine and Jack. “It's very important to merge with the team and to be aware of no matter what part you have, you must have knowledge that you're one piece of all and that is what Ardal had,” Aude commented “He was super humble. When you act with him, he is really listening to you. “Just the fact that he was the lead character, but at the same time, he was aware of how important the others are.” Aude went on to discuss the impact the hot weather had while they were filming. She said: "Because it's a series, we are shooting faster than movies, so we have to deal with the weather, the rain, the storms, the heat and the bugs and everything. "The heat was a challenge, but it made things even more intense. "Everybody was complaining all day because of the difficulty of being in there [the police station]. "And the team is large and so to have that many people in such a small area, it's quite challenging." "But, I liked the fact that we were all closer together in those moments," she added. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.