After the club's quarterly results revealed an astronomical rise in wage-related costs, Manchester United have a tough decision to make. Cristiano Ronaldo is stuck in a dismal patch of form, adding to the uncertainty surrounding his future as United risk missing out on Champions League qualification. On Tuesday, the club announced its latest quarterly results to investors and the media. United noted: "Exceptional items for the quarter were a cost of £10million. This cost includes compensation to the former men's first-team manager and certain members of the coaching staff for loss of office." That cost will have accumulated from Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's £7m package after his sacking before Michael Carrick, Kieran McKenna, and Martyn Pert departed in December. But in a striking statement, United revealed wages have increased by £16m to £97.7m annually due to 'investment in the first-team playing squad'. JUST IN: Tottenham flop Bryan Gil lifts lid on reasons for disappointing spell Raphael Varane and Jadon Sancho's arrivals will have undoubtedly contributed to the substantial rise. But Ronaldo's sensational summer return from Juventus immediately made him the Premier League's top earner, quite comfortably. The 37-year-old earns around £500,000-a-week on his two-year contract at Old Trafford, expiring in 2023. He isn't currently repaying that investment, though, and the nostalgia factor is rapidly dissolving amongst an increasingly-frustrated fanbase. READ MORE: Joao Felix spotted at Carabao Cup final amid Arsenal transfer rumours With a new era under the club's next permanent manager on the horizon, it could be best for all parties if Ronaldo departs at the end of the campaign. The Portuguese icon could push to do so on his own accord if United fail to finish in the top four come May. But his poor form and loss of clinical edge before goal have contributed to the Red Devils' recent struggles. And the club could use a refresh under a new face in the dugout, starting with getting on top of the chaotic wage bill. According to Fabrizio Romano, United are set to pursue a new striker in the summer, with Edinson Cavani's contract expiring. But amid Marcus Rashford's uninspiring performances this season and Antony Martial and Mason Greenwood's uncertain futures, the club might be hesitant to let Ronaldo leave a year early. And that's excluding the commercial value he offers, which many would argue is worth far more than his hefty salary. The ongoings on the pitch must take priority, though, and Ronaldo's future is a decision that can't be ignored for much longer. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here