According to research by Mattress Online, "how to clean your washing machine" is one of the most searched for cleaning queries by Britons. Although cleaning the household appliance may seem confusing, the solution to a sparkling washing machine might already be tucked away in your kitchen cupboard. Both baking soda and white vinegar can be bought for less than £1 and can work wonders when it comes to cleaning your washing machine. Thanks to its high levels of acetic acid, white vinegar makes a powerful cleaning agent that kills germs, gets rid of odours and rinses away dirt and grease. Baking soda, at the opposite end of the pH scale, is alkaline. As a base, baking soda dissolves organic compounds like dirt and grease, while also acting as a rental abrasive to clean without leaving scratches. READ MORE: ‘Highly effective’ 30p trick to kill driveway and patio weeds To clean your washing machine using some easy household items, gather together distilled white vinegar, baking soda, a spray bottle, a microfibre cloth and a toothbrush. Begin by putting some white vinegar into a spray bottle. Then, spritz the inside of your washing machine drum with the liquid. Next, wipe all around the interior of your drum using a microfibre cloth. DON'T MISSMrs Hinch fans share £1 baby product for getting rid of ants [REVEALED]How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [INSIGHT]Painting mistakes to avoid - or devalue your home  [EXPLAINER] To tackle rubber seals, simply wipe around the edges using a clean cloth and a little bit of white vinegar. As you wipe around them, you’ll get rid of a build-up of scum, mildew, and possibly even hair. Measure out two cups of distilled white vinegar and pour it straight into your washing machine’s detergent dispenser. Set the washing machine to run on its longest cycle. This is best done on a hot cycle, though can work on a warm cycle too. Now, it's time to add the baking soda to your washing machine drum. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Sprinkle in half a cup of the white powder into your washing machine drum and run it again on another long, hot cycle. To clean the outside of your machine, spritz some white vinegar onto a microfibre cloth and wipe down the door and exterior. Make sure to also tackle the knobs and control panel. Once your washing machine cycle is complete, leave the door ajar and let it air dry. This will keep mould and mildew at bay. You can also speed up the drying process by wiping down your machine's interior using a dry cloth.