Everton are one of many clubs keeping an eye on Rennes manager Bruno Genesio, according to reports in France. The Toffees only hired Frank Lampard as manager on January 31, but are monitoring other options amid a run of poor form, which has left the team just three points above the Premier League relegation zone.    Lampard has lost five of his seven league games in charge of Everton, sparking the very real possibility of relegation. A crucial 1-0 win over Newcastle before the international break ensured they kept their head above water, but it seems the Everton hierarchy are already considering potential replacements. According to RMC Sport, Everton are one of the clubs who have ‘shown an interest’ in Genesio, along with Tottenham, Wolves, Valencia, Real Sociedad and Al-Hilal. Genesio’s stock has risen recently thanks to the brilliant form of Rennes, who are currently third in Ligue 1. Rennes finished sixth in the French top flight last season after Genesio took over from Julien Stephan in March 2021. The 55-year-old, who has previously managed hometown club Lyon and Beijing Guoan, has won his last five matches with Rennes, who have scored 20 goals in that period. JUST IN: Man Utd star Cristiano Ronaldo fires back at Frank Leboeuf's comments  Although they were knocked out of the Europa Conference League by Leicester City last month, Rennes put up a good fight, going down 3-2 on aggregate. Genesio is represented by superagent Pini Zahavi and harbours ambitions of moving to the Premier League. Everton face a difficult trip to West Ham on Sunday as the Premier League returns after the international break. Lampard will be hoping to build on the vital win over Newcastle on March 17 and recently insisted his side have the belief they can turn things around.  DON'T MISS Man Utd chief John Murtough draws up plan to stop Marcus Rashford move Liverpool aiming to repeat Luis Diaz transfer with second Porto raid Arsenal 'contact Martinez's agent' as Inter Milan eye Tottenham target “When you’re in the moment when things aren’t going for you, you have to keep working until things turn in your favour,” he told Sky Sports. “We have belief here but at the moment it’s tough. It’s been a long time since the club has not been winning the games we want. We have to keep fighting and keep working, simple as that. “The Premier League gives you tough games every game. We need to turn a corner somehow. It can only come through work and confidence. Everyone wants the same thing here. We want to stay in the Premier League but the first thing is to keep fighting for it.” 