Flo was one of 21 dogs seized by police from horror conditions on a puppy farm in Wales in March 2021 and taken in by the RSPCA. The Saluki-cross was in a "pitiful" state and just "skin and bone" when she arrived at the charity's West Hatch Animal Centre in Somerset. But a year later, Flo has settled into her loving new home where she is "living her best life". West Hatch deputy manager Anita Clark said: “When Flo arrived she was little more than skin and bone; she looked like a walking skeleton. It was a pitiful sight. "She was suffering from mange with sores and cuts all over her body. “We immediately put her on pain relief, treated her ear mites and gave her weekly medicated baths to soothe her skin. "When she was strong enough, she had a dental to clean her bad teeth too. “Flo was subdued, scared and in pain when she arrived. "It was late when the dogs arrived and we carried them all to their kennels; they cowered in the corner, shocked to be in an unfamiliar place with people they didn’t know. "But they had heat lamps to keep them warm and cosy beds to curl up in; probably for the first time in their lives. READ MORE: Heartbreak as 'smashing' dog still not adopted after 500 days “It was obvious from the start, despite her initial fear, that Flo was playful and loved people. "Even though she was weak, she picked up a ragger toy and tried to play. And she loved cuddles! “With careful monitoring and lots of TLC she went from strength-to-strength and her personality shone through a little more with every day that passed. "It didn’t take long for her to win over a new heart and she soon left for her forever home.” DON'T MISSRSPCA in desperate bid to find homes after gerbils had SIXTY babies [PICTURES]Animal abusers to face £5,000 fines under strict new welfare law [ANALYSIS]Scared and dirty dog cruelly dumped in cage on side of road [INSIGHT] Danielle Tuagalu and her partner, Rupert Forrester, from Plymouth in Devon, fell in love with Flo and adopted her. Ms Tuagalu said: “Flo has settled in very well to our home; it’s like she was always meant to be here. “She instantly claimed our largest couch for herself but is kind enough to share it with us! "She has the fluffiest ears and tail, she loves cuddles, sleeping on the couch - ignoring the three beds we bought for her. "She also loves sand dunes, treats, toys and meeting other dogs and humans - big and little alike! “She is a constant source of amusement, affection and love, and all round wonderfulness. "We have been truly blessed to have Flo in our lives and she seems to be a very happy dog living her best life.” RSPCA Inspector Gemma Cooper, who led the investigation into the Welsh puppy farm, said: “I am delighted that Flo found her forever home - her transformation is just amazing.” 