Destiny 2 players will be hunting around for Xur once again today, with the merchant arriving in a new location to tempt Guardians with a fresh batch of wares. Last time around Xur was at the Tower in the Hangar, with the merchant arriving in Destiny 2 ahead of the launch of the Vow of Disciple Race. Xur will be dropping into Destiny 2 around 5pm UK time today (Friday March 11) and Express.co.uk will be updating this article with the merchant's new location once it's discovered. In case you're wondering, here's what Xur was selling in Destiny 2 last time... Merciless, Getaway Artist, One-Eyed Mask, and Sealed Ahamkara Grasps The arrival of Xur in Destiny 2 comes after a new patch was released for the hit Bungie game. Hotfix 4.0.0.3 debuted on Thursday March 10 after a period of server maintenance. Here are the patch notes for the latest Destiny 2 download...  Players are no longer blocked from interacting with armor or weapon sockets until the rest of the UI fully loads in. Deprecated Weapon Telemetries were still obtainable. Glaive mods were unable to be obtained. Gambit engram focusing was more expensive than intended. Players who did not claim vendor rewards from Fynch were not receiving rewards from multiple completions of the Wellspring. Elsewhere, in the latest This Week at Bungie the Destiny 2 makers gave Guardians an update on the state of the game.  Bungie said: "This week at Bungie, we are celebrating World First, talking raid stats, and showing off a new weapon rotation for Trials and Iron Banner. "Guardians have been diving into The Witch Queen and Season of the Risen and discovering a wealth of new story content and lore to dig into that makes us cry. Despite some server issues and a few hiccups in-game, the latest step of the ever-evolving story of Destiny has been a wild one, but we are far from done when it comes to making it even better. From the Seasonal quest continuing towards its own conclusion to a new hotfix going live today full of bug fixes, there are a lot of reasons to dive in. Because of that, we wanted to talk about some of the different weapons coming to Trials of Osiris and Iron Banner, returning maps making their way downtown (er, to the Crucible), and talk about what issues have been addressed and what’s still on the docket." 