When gardeners think of fertiliser, store-bought chemical products may be the first thing to spring to their minds. However, there are plenty of natural ways gardeners can make their own plant food for such a small price. Evie Lane, Gardening Expert at Primrose exclusively spoke to Express.co.uk on how to help garden plants thrive this summer. She detailed how gardeners can make homemade fertiliser using only leftover banana peels with water. Evie said: “If you don’t have access to a compost bin, plant owners can turn their leftover banana peels into an easy recipe guaranteed to make outdoor plants thrive.” Banana skins are packed with phosphorus, potassium and calcium. Phosphorous is good for the garden because it can help to influence fruiting and flowering in certain plant species, and is essential for root and shoot growth. Phosphorous can also assist with pollination and seed germination. READ MORE: Product to use regularly in the toilet to 'prevent build up' of stains Potassium helps to promote plant vigour, building up resistance to pests and diseases. The mineral can also help fruit to develop in some plants and regulate enzymes. Calcium is referred to as "the most important mineral in the soil" because it can help cell walls and allow soil to consume more oxygen. The gardening pro explained how gardeners can carry out this hack. DON'T MISS:Plants: Gardeners are warned against using typical watering method [EXPERT]'Remove and prevent it': Product to get rid of mould in your home  [INSIGHT]Property: ‘Fantastic’ trick to make your home ‘more desirable’ [TIPS] Evie said: “Add your leftover peel to a jar, fill with water and leave for the ‘tea’ to steep for about a week. “Once done, remove the peel and pour the concoction into the soil surrounding your plants.” The “tea” needs to be left to ferment so that the water can absorb all of the nutrients from the banana peel. The expert also noted the benefits of using banana peels for fertilising plants. Evie said: “Bananas are incredibly rich in micronutrients, including potassium, calcium and phosphorus. “These minerals can help plants build a resistance to pests and disease, encourage fruiting and flowering, improving the overall appearance of foliage.” Bananas can be picked up from Sainsbury’s for as little as 14p. Some gardeners choose to toss the banana peel right onto the soil right away instead of making a “tea” out of it. To do this, gardeners can add leftover banana skins to their compost or worm farm in order to make fertiliser for the garden. Chop up the banana peels into quarter-inch pieces. This triggers the composting process by releasing some of the vitamins and minerals from the skins. These will help turn this nutrient-rich organic matter into plant food. Gardeners can also grind up the peels to make a fertiliser which can be added around plants. If gardeners are using this on potted plants, they can lift the mulch and add the peel on top of the surrounding soil.