Hosted by former Coronation Street star Kym Marsh, the awards will be presented on Monday at The Great Hall, Birmingham University. A host of famous faces will also be attending the event including the likes of Beverley Knight, Dancing on Ice's Connor Ball and Strictly Come Dancing star, Rhys Stephenson. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how to watch the awards.  How to watch the Pride of Birmingham Awards In the past, some Pride of Birmingham winners have gone on to be recognised on the national stage at the Daily Mirror Pride of Britain Awards, in partnership with TSB, which is broadcast on ITV in Autumn. In 2021 Pride of Britain honoured 2019 Pride of Birmingham winner Rosemary Cox, with a Lifetime Achievement award. Rosemary was awarded for her successful campaign to set up the first Organ Donor Register in the UK, helping to save and transform thousands of lives. The winner was overwhelmed when she was surprised with the news of her award by one of her TV favourites Alan Titchmarsh. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? The awards will take place on Monday, March 7. Viewers will be able to watch the event unfold on YouTube, via youtube.com/prideofbritainawards. All of this year’s winners will go forward to the judging process for the Daily Mirror Pride of Britain Awards. In partnership with TSB, the awards are shown on ITV in the Autumn.    Speaking about the list of winners, Kym said: “I'm so excited about Pride of Birmingham. "It's been two years since we have been able to get together properly for these awards, so I know it's going to be a fantastic night.” The Morning Live host continued: “But what makes it truly special is the winners. They are so inspirational and courageous, their stories really touch your heart, and I can't wait to meet them.” Claire Steele, TSB Regional Director Midlands and North Wales added: “It has been a tough year for the people of Birmingham, but time and again we have heard stories of how people and communities have done incredible things to support each other. “At TSB we are delighted to once again be partnering with The Pride of Birmingham Awards, to recognise and celebrate the outstanding achievements of all these.”  DON'T MISS...NCIS' Pauley Perrette issues passionate plea against Ukrainian war [REACTION]Vera's Jac Williams star opens up on Kenny Doughty 'faking' scene  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale arrest for Liam Cavanagh after Charles teams up with Meena? [SPOILERS]