Mauricio Pochettino reportedly wants to return to Tottenham when he leaves Paris Saint-Germain, which will likely be at the end of the season. Pochettino’s future has been the subject of much speculation following PSG’s exit from the Champions League, with both Manchester United and Spurs linked with the Argentine manager.     PSG’s 3-2 defeat by Real Madrid in the last 16 of the Champions League looks set to have huge ramifications at the French club. Karim Benzema’s 17-minute hat-trick at the Bernabeu last week appears increasingly likely to prompt wholescale changes behind the scenes at PSG. Sporting director Leonardo is expected to be replaced in the summer, while president Nasser Al-Khelaïfi has been the focus of protests by fan groups over the past few days. Supporters booed Lionel Messi and Neymar during the team’s 3-0 win over Bordeaux on Sunday and Pochettino is widely expected to leave the club at the end of the season. Alongside Ajax boss Erik ten Hag, the 50-year-old is one of the front-runners for the Manchester United job this summer.  JUST IN: Man Utd ‘join transfer race’ for Raphinha with Chelsea on standby But according to talkSPORT, Pochettino actually would prefer to return to Tottenham, where he spent five years as manager before moving to Paris. Pochettino has a strained relationship with Leonardo and has found managing PSG’s star-studded squad in front of the club’s demanding fans very difficult. Sunday’s comfortable win left PSG 15 points clear of Nice at the top of Ligue 1, with 10 games left to play, but Pochettino was still forced to defend his players from the home fans’ boos. DON'T MISS Barcelona 'could sign Mohamed Salah for just £50m' Arsenal urged to sign 'ideal' Lacazette replacement in summer window Liverpool's Diaz masterstroke could tilt title in Klopp's favour  “For me it's unfair. We all deserve this anger from the fans, not just Neymar and Messi, they are two world-class players," Pochettino said post-match. "They must therefore be respected. When we lose or win, it's always as a team. We can understand the frustration, the disappointment of our supporters. "We feel the same and we are all together in this immense frustration of not going further in the Champions League. The whistles were for everyone, but the focus is to win the title. "The situation is difficult, we are not going to change the past. I have to try to concentrate and win the title but also the next matches." The latest links with Spurs come amid the north London side’s inconsistent form, which saw them beaten 3-2 by United on Saturday.  Last month, after a 1-0 defeat by Burnley, Conte shocked fans by suggesting he was not the man to rebuild the squad. "I came here to help the club and if the problem could be the coach I'm ready to go, no problem,” he said. "I came in to try to improve the situation. Maybe in this moment I am not so good to improve the situation. I am too honest to close my eyes and continue in this way. "For sure we are to speak and have a conversation with the club to try and find the best solution to help the team not have this type of situation. "It is the right moment to make assessment. I repeat, I am really frustrated." 