Belarus has come under fire for allowing Russia to use it as a launching pad for its invasion of Ukraine in February. President Alexander Lukashenko originally denied any contribution to the war but has since confirmed Moscow has been allowed to station missile launchers used against Ukrainian defence forces in his country. Belarus on Saturday confirmed all its diplomats had been evacuated from Ukraine, with Ambassador Igor Sokol receiving a shameful farewell from a Ukrainian border guard. Footage has been circulating on social media showing a security guard presenting Sokol with a bag of 30 silver pieces to hand to his Border Service chief. The guard can be seen picking up a black bag from a table before being handed some coins by a colleague to put inside it. Sokol can be heard being asked to identify himself, to which he confirmed he was the "plenipotentiary Envoy of the Republic of Belarus in Ukraine, Sokol Igor Sergeevich." The guard replied: "Our Head of State Border Service, General-Major Sergey Vasylyevych ordered to tell your Head of the Border Committee of Belarus Republic, Lt General Lobkov, our fiery hello, and personally give you 30 pieces of silver. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG "It's an order. And to hand this over to your Lt General Lobkov." Sokol hit back: "It's an order to you, but not me." As the Belarusian diplomat refused to take the pouch, the guard can be seen tossing it to Sokol and saying: "With disdain." Commenting on the video, Ukrainian journalist Olga Tokariuk said: "As the ambassador of Belarus was leaving Ukraine today, a Ukrainian border guard tossed a bag with coins at him, told him to pass the 30 silver pieces of Judah to the head of Belarusian border service." READ MORE: Putin betrayal: Xi to decimate Russia into 'Chinese Colony' as Moscow to lose 'trillions' News agency Nexta also shared the video, captioning it: "A border guard, on the order of the Head of the #Ukrainian Border Guard Service, gave 30 pieces of silver through #Belarusian Ambassador Igor Sokol to the Chairman of the State Border Committee of #Belarus Anatoly Lappo." The footage has been shared over 10,000 times on Twitter, with social media users praising Ukrainians for their defiant refusal to stand back against Russian aggression. Twitter user @sankarchanda99 said: "Judas, disciple of Jesus, was bribed 30 silver coins to identify his master for arrest at night in Garden of Gethsemane. Jesus was crucified. Judas hanged himself "30 silver pieces of Judah flung at him, nothing could be more shaming for Envoy of Belarus, as he fled Ukraine. The scene will long be recalled." DON'T MISS: Nuclear war warning: World on brink as conflict could turn atomic [REPORT] Ukraine horror: Putin recruits 40,000 'ISIS' fighters [REVEAL] Panic erupts at 'creepy' orange sky - Saharan dust cloud covers London [INSIGHT] User @aahrens430 said: "WOW. This is perfect! Belarus really did sell the Ukrainians out." And @rvanmad said: "They betrayed their peaceful neighbour. And, yes, 30 silver coins, like Judas." President Volodymyr Zelenskiy's office on Sunday reported the latest intelligence showed Ukraine is seeking a high risk of an attack on western Ukraine's Volyn region being launched from Belarus. The Russian invasion has mostly focused on northern, southern, and eastern areas of Ukraine, though missiles also hit the Yavoriv military base last week, close to the Polish border. It was not immediately clear whether Ukraine saw the threat of an attack on Volyn from Russian forces or the Belarusian military, which has so far not publicly committed troops to supporting Russia.