Lewis Hamilton has been snubbed by former Renault boss Flavio Briatore in his ideal driver team line-up after a poor start to the current Formula One season for Mercedes.  The Brit, who came within one controversial lap of claiming a record-eighth Drivers' Championship last year, has struggled this term due to the Silver Arrows' inability to cope with new regulations. Their vehicles have been erratic compared to Red Bull and Ferrari, who have already shown signs of being the definitive top two in the race for the Constructors' Championship in the new campaign. The two sides took the top four spots in the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, and Red Bull were extremely unfortunate not to have done so in the season opener at Bahrain a week ago with Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez both suffering misfortunes with just two laps and one lap left respectively. However, Ferrari's rise with drivers' Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz seem to have proved their worth, which in effect has moved Hamilton down the pecking order in terms of title credentials. And it is this reason that Briatore has snubbed the former favourite in his dream driver duo - instead picking Verstappen and Leclerc as his favoured pair. "Last year we closed the world championship with an incredible Grand Prix and this year we started first with a Ferrari one-two and then with the race in Saudi Arabia, one of the most beautiful races in recent times," said Briatore. "I would take Verstappen," Briatore added on his dream line-up, essentially snubbing Hamilton. "But if I had the money, I would take them [Verstappen and Leclerc] both." Verstappen fought to his first win of the season despite starting fourth on the grid. He overtook Leclerc with just four laps to go, and held on expertly for victory to put himself third in the Drivers' Championship standings. And the Dutchman told reporters how it was good to have a challenging race against the Monaco-born star. "It was a really tough but good race. We were battling hard at the front and we (Red Bull) just tried to play the long game. "They (Ferrari) were really quick through corners, we were quick on the straight, but the tyres were wearing out quite quick around here. You could see at the end we had a bit more pace, so I just tried to get by. It wasn't easy, playing smart tricks in the last corner, but eventually I managed to get ahead." The next race is the Australian Grand Prix, which falls on April 10.