Outlander season six is returning to screens tonight as Sam Heughan reprises his role as Jamie Fraser. However, ahead of appearing in the new show, the actor recently took to social media to praise one of his co-stars.  The Outlander cast are seemingly a tight-knit bunch of actors behind the cameras of the Starz drama. Sam recently shared how they support each other by posting a sweet message to his co-star on Twitter. He wrote to Young Ian star John Bell after he had shared some exciting news on another project. On February 26, he celebrated his play coming to an end as he prepared to bid farewell to the show. READ MORE: Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics  The actor had been starring in The Night Larry Kramer Kissed Me at the New Wimbledon Theatre. Marking his final few shows, John wrote: “What a journey it’s been. “Thank you to all who’ve come along and supported this important piece of work. “It’s been a privilege to share this with you all.”  Sam was quick to react to his Outlander co-star, sending him love. The Jamie Fraser star penned in reply: “Congrats buddy!” Many fans of the show were thrilled to see their interaction as they shared their insight. User Maria wrote: “Congratulations @JohnBell! There is so much talent in the #Outlander family.” DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden suffers blunder as she flashes legs in skintight dress [PICTURES]Kelvin Fletcher on wife Liz's sad reaction to big decision [INSIGHT]James Jordan and Shirley Ballas row over reaction to Ukraine crisis [INSIGHT]   While Elaina added: “Good on you John break a leg! “Wish I could come see you … but can’t wait to see you again in Outlander!” Fan Nicole penned: “Your friends are very lucky people.” Dawn E replied: “So happy for John and proud of him.”  Outlander will be released first in the US today at 9pm Eastern Time on Starz. Fans in the UK will be able to watch the series on Starzplay in the UK. The channel is available through Amazon Prime Video for an extra subscription fee. The episode is expected to be released on Sunday, March 6 as well. 