Bobby (played by Jayden Fox) seems to have been embracing his Blissett genes in recent scenes on Hollyoaks, having left his stepfather Sylver McQueen (David Tag) to die in an explosion earlier this year and he accused newcomer Sam Chen-Williams (Matthew McGivern) of attacking him in last week's episodes. Despite Mercedes (Jennifer Metcalfe) doing her best to protect her son and to stop him from being taken into care, the youngster is only making matters worse. During next week's instalments of the Channel 4 soap, his mother will be at her wit's end but an accident could see her problems disappear if her son ends up dead on the television drama. The drama continues in next week's instalments of the weeknight serial drama as Mercedes starts to make alternative plans for her son's future. It's not too long before Bobby finds out what's going on when he discovers a leaflet for a new school nestled in his mother's bag. Having become very outspoken in recent weeks, the youngster decides to grill the iconic character about why she is thinking of moving him to another school. As the confrontation turns into a heated argument, the troubled schoolboy ends up being knocked unconscious, although the circumstances as to how he is knocked out cold have not yet been revealed. Bobby will soon recover as he discovers his cousin, Cleo McQueen (Nadine Mulkerrin) has voiced some concerns to his mother about his behaviour. READ MORE: Emmerdale couple Marcus Dean and Ethan Anderson torn apart by Robert? In response to this latest discovery, he decides to retaliate by setting up a dangerous trap for Mercedes which has the potential to really hurt her. As she challenges her son about his latest antics, the youngster comes up with yet more excuses but his mother is failing to buy the innocent boy persona. Mercedes also receives another visit from the social worker, who has been assessing whether he believes Bobby should live with his mother. Unable to cope with the pressure being put on her, the iconic character lets old habits creep back in as she turns to drugs. It's not until later when she spots her nephew playing with her handbag where the drugs are hidden, she realises the gravity of the situation. When Bobby's mother breaks down to Sally St Clair (Annie Wallace) about her troubles, she is soon forced to admit she doesn't think she can cope with her son anymore. Mercedes makes a big decision about her child's future but in a new theory by Express.co.uk, the choice might be taken out of her hands. Whether she was planning on taking her son to see a psychiatrist or whether she was going to let him be taken away by social workers, she could be left heartbroken when she realises he has died. After being knocked unconscious, the youngster might not have realised he had suffered a head injury that caused a bleed to the brain. Although he seemed fine initially, the bleed could have gotten worse in the hours after the incident, leading to his death. DON'T MISS...Hollyoaks' Jamie Lomas shuts down two companies with debts of £92,000 [COMMENT]Hollyoaks star Lysette Anthony slams bosses amid race row [COMMENT]Hollyoaks' Amanda Clapham left with swollen thumb from spider [COMMENT] After losing many children over the years, this would be a huge blow to Mercedes as she would have thought she could have sought help for Bobby. With the decision taken out of her hands, she would believe it is a cruel twist of fate and blame herself for causing his death. This could lead to the return of his grandfather, Silas Blissett (Jeff Rawle), who has been hellbent on killing Mercedes for years. Having gone into hiding following his last appearance in the village in 2020, the serial killer could walk into the spotlight after hearing about Bobby's death. He could finally murder his archenemies as he too would believe she was responsible for the youngster's untimely demise. Silas has been referenced a lot recently and it appears he has been playing chess online with his grandson for months. The serial killer has been putting thoughts in his grandson's head about his mother Mercedes, preparing to turn the youngster against her. However, he might have always thought he and Bobby would take down Mercedes together, never that she would kill her own son. His daughter, Wendy Blissett (Jennifer Armour) has been living with the McQueens for the past few weeks and has been keeping a watchful eye on the goings-on in the household. When she too gets wind Mercedes played a part in Bobby's death, she could join forces with her father to get rid of the iconic character once and for all. The actress who plays Mercedes, Jennifer, has spoken out on her character's thoughts about her son and his worrying behaviour. Jennifer explained: "Eventually his behaviour becomes more obviously worrying but Mercedes still chooses to deny there's something not right with him. "Bobby is clever and worms his way out of things, she wants to believe he's her perfect little boy but everyone around her starts to make her question him. "At first she puts his issues down to losing Sylver, his father figure. She uses all kinds of excuses but it's quite unnerving to watch how creepy he gets! "How Mercedes deals with Bobby will show a side to her we've not seen before, but she can't ignore the fact he could be a danger to the world," she told Radio Times, so could her charter killing Bobby be the big twist viewers have been waiting for? Hollyoaks airs weeknights at 6:30pm on Channel 4. First-look Hollyoaks airs weeknights at 7pm on E4 or viewers can watch the new episode from 7am the same day on All 4.