Lando Norris, 22, currently competes for Britain under McLaren for Formula One. The budding driver has admitted in a new interview that he was a massive fan of the drama between his competitors Lewis Hamilton, 37, and Max Verstappen, 24, amid last year's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. Lando recently signed a contract extension with McLaren, meaning he will race with the team until at least 2025. The Formula One driver spoke to Scott Mills and Chris Stark on their BBC podcast about his journey. Scott asked Lando: "How much as a fan do you buy into the rivalries? Are you invested?" The presenter was referencing the drama that happened on the last lap of the final race Of the season in Abu Dhabi. READ MORE: Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert The 2021 campaign was one of the most controversial and dramatic in recent history, and the bitter disappointment of defeat led Hamilton to speculate retirement from the sport. Verstappen and Hamilton were on equal points in the Drivers Championship going into the final round, with Versappen leading on countback. Verstappen overtook Hamilton on the final lap to win the race, and his first Formula One World Drivers' Championship. Hamilton was in the front the majority of the race, until a late safety car was called in due to a crash at turn 14 involving Williams driver Nicolas Latifi. Verstappen pitted during the safety car period and used his soft tyres to overtake Hamilton at turn 5 of the final lap of the race to become the 34th Formula One World Drivers' Champion. Regarding the rift between his competitors, Lando said: "Well I love it, I don't know if every driver does. "Of course when there's fights between drivers everything is going on. "You do all you can to fuel it even more if you can as there you're competition. It's cool to see." DON'T MISS... 'Can't believe it' Dick Strawbridge bids farewell to special show [INSIGHT] Harry Potter's Emma Watson 'shades' JK Rowling at BAFTAs [COMMENT] Amanda Holden, 51, puts on eye-popping display as she dances around [INSTAGRAM] He continued: "Of course it will happen to you at some point because everyone loves the rivalry, with social media and conspiracies. "I just find it funny more than anything." Scott also asked Lando whether he thought all of the controversy in the latest season was "good for the sport". Lando replied: "Controversial, I think it was tough. "Some people absolutely loved it and I think it's more sporty people who were more on the side of not liking it as much. "We don't want to be just a show for people, we hate that." He continued: "So we want to be a sport where there is competition and it just creates a good show off the back of it. "We just want fairness between everything and that is something that we want in all sports and I think what happened was on the unfair side of it and that is what caused such a controversial ending."