Keir Starmer was questioned over the Labour Party's proposed implementation of a series of windfall taxes to respond to the ballooning costs of energy. Sir Keir insisted the proposal would move the burden from Britons to energy companies earning more than expected because of rocketing bills. But Sky News presenter Sophy Ridge pointed out two leading flaws in his proposal. The Sky presenter said: "Is there not a concern, firstly, that this windfall tax will not necessarily be passed on to consumers, but also it could almost act as a disincentive to invest more in oil out of the North Sea at a time when we are facing big questions about our energy security?" The Labour leader said: "These are windfall taxes. These are taxes on profits those companies did not expect to make. "The global prince has been higher than they had anticipated, therefore, they made more profit than they anticipated. "They used expressions like, 'we've got more money than we know what to do with.' JUST IN: Major UK city to ban petrol and diesel cars: low emissions zone affects all vehicles "The argument the Government has is we won't touch that. Instead, we've asked families to foot the bills by having a loan they don't want. "It just shows the complete difference in priorities the Labour Party who wants to look after families and the Government who's putting even more pressure on those families." Britons have been hit by increasing bills due to the growing price of energy, which has been further fuelled by the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine. The UK has slapped a swathe of sanctions on Moscow in retaliation for the invasion, adding to the pressure on energy companies to deliver on consumers' demands. READ MORE: Energy crisis: PM handed 'cake and eat it' plan to CUT Russian ties and slash home bills  Boris Johnson insisted the UK is now pursuing a path away from Russian gas as he warned the change will leave every day Britons facing extra pressure in the coming months. But Sir Keir insisted a windfall tax would also help to offset the costs. Giving the Makins Lecture at the Atlantic Council think tank in Washington, Liz Truss said it is time to end "strategic dependence" on hostile and authoritarian states, including a departure from using Russian energy. DON'T MISS:Putin could be suffering from ‘roid rage’ from cancer drugs [REVEAL]Putin will invade EU cities if the West fails to intervene [INSIGHT]Kyiv will only fall if it is ‘razed to the ground’, warns Zelensky [SPOTLIGHT] It comes after the UK and the US on Tuesday announced they will phase out imports of Russian oil by the end of the year as part of increased sanctions on Moscow. Experts now predict inflation could sail past the Bank of England's 7.25 percent prediction to above 8 percent in April as the Ukraine crisis and sanctions imposed on Russia send fuel and energy prices rocketing even higher. The Bank is under pressure to raise rates to bring inflation under control, but it is expected to be more cautious because of the uncertainty over the economic outlook. The Bank has already hiked rates twice in the past three months, with the latest quarter-point rise to 0.5 percent in early February accompanied by warnings of more to come.