Fry-up components such as fried bread are being ditched in favour of more trendy alternatives such as veggie sausages and avocado by families across the country. Black pudding has also seen its day, according to a poll by online food and drink company Milk & More as 31 percent of respondents admitted they’d never eaten the breakfast food. However, some essential components of the full English remain, with 84 percent of us saying eggs are a must, usually fried (51 percent) or scrambled (34 percent). 78 percent of people also insisted that a sausage should feature on the plate. Almost three-quarters (74 percent) also highlighted they enjoy a helping of baked beans, with 54 percent insisting they are served in a separate dish on the side. And when it comes to bacon, the nation has swapped streaky-style for a healthier, less fatty back bacon (58 percent). 64 percent of respondents also opt for hash browns on the plate, while 11 percent favour veggie sausages. Grilled cherry tomatoes were also a staple component according to 35 percent of people surveyed. Ketchup was the nation's preferred condiment to have with their breakfast as 58 percent chose this while only 39 percent said a dollop of brown sauce should be added to the side of the plate. READ MORE: Woke slavery audit lists next EIGHT statues to be cancelled A further 22 percent have never eaten fried bread, while the same number also admitted they would never drink builders’ tea with milk and two sugars. At the top of the list to be ditched as a classic breakfast is the kipper, with almost half of people (48 percent) never eating the traditional fish dish. The survey also highlighted other changes in the diets of Britons over the years. The data showed the public is now much less likely to enjoy full-fat milk (21 percent) and margarine (17 percent) DON'T MISS Russian supplies will last no more than THREE days, Ukraine claims [INSIGHT] 'C**p's gone' Gordon Ramsay says Covid wiped out ‘s**hole' restaurants [REPORT] 'Another Remoaner hissy fit!' Boris defended over Brexit comments [REVEAL] Instead, they tend to opt for the millennial favourites including smashed avocado, favoured by 40 percent, and sourdough – 11 percent. A fry-up breakfast isn’t the only part of our morning routines that’s been overhauled as the data suggests the traditional morning coffee or tea has been reimagined too. The findings show that 26 percent of respondents opt for a dairy alternative like oat, almond, or coconut milk for the beverage instead. The poll also revealed that when we shop for our breakfast we insist on free-range eggs – 59 per cent. 41 percent also favour locally supplied produce wile 22 percent opt for plastic-free packaging. A further 22 percent also look for zero waste packaging. And just over a fifth at 21 percent purchase seasonal produce.