Manchester United face Premier League competition in their interest in Chelsea defender Antonio Rudiger as Newcastle United plan to 'compete' for his signature. Rudiger could leave the Blues as a free agent this summer and is unsurprisingly attracting high-profile interest across Europe. The 29-year-old centre-back is a crucial fixture in Thomas Tuchel's defence at Stamford Bridge. But he is yet to commit his future to Chelsea less than four months until his contract expires. Rudiger signed a five-year deal after completing a £29million move from AS Roma in 2017 and has lifted the Champions League, Europa League and FA Cup during his stint with the Blues. Suitors are circling, though, as his future in west London continues to plummet into further doubt by the week, and there is a new club at the table. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo's telling Man Utd training ground actions The Telegraph report that Newcastle are prepared to compete with Europe's biggest clubs to sign Rudiger on a free transfer this summer. Eddie Howe will oversee a squad overhaul at St. James' Park at the end of the season, with Newcastle major players in the transfer market under backing from the Public Investment Fund of Saudi Arabia. But other reports claim Rudiger is in 'constant dialogue' with Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain over a potential switch. Meanwhile, United are interested in snatching him from their Premier League rivals, and Ralf Rangnick knows his agent well, according to BILD. READ MORE: Tottenham transfer plans could hinge on Wolves' pact with Barcelona Newcastle's chances can't be dismissed, though, after the club's impressive exploits in January, sanctioning five new arrivals. Among them were La Liga-winning right-back Kieran Trippier and Champions League-regular Bruno Guimaraes. But they will likely be just a taste of the Magpies' financial power and subsequent pull ahead of a busy summer period under their Saudi regime. Rudiger's career achievements and status in Tuchel's current squad would make signing him for free a significant statement by the successful party. United are expected to be searching the market for a new centre-back this summer, with Axel Tuanzebe and Eric Bailly's futures uncertain. There have also been concerns over Harry Maguire's form and Raphael Varane's injury record throughout a troublesome campaign so far. Rudiger has been able to sign a pre-contract agreement with a foreign club since the start of January, but his decision to wait until the end of the season to decide his next steps could play into United's hands. He could still sign on the dotted line and remain at Chelsea. However, Roman Abramovich's inevitable sale of the club is bound to drag the club's dealings into an abyss of uncertainty. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.