White vinegar and baking soda have replaced many commercial cleaning products thanks to their naturally cleansing properties. These basic pantry items are staple products in most homes, with a wide range of surprising uses on a number of household surfaces. While baking soda and white vinegar can be used on almost anything, these are the five best surfaces to clean with them for a sparkling finish. While baking soda is most commonly known for its uses as a raising agent, its chemical structure makes it an effective yet gentle product for household cleaning. Able to cut through everything from stubborn grease to unpleasant odours, this simple white powder is a must-have product for everyday chores and can be used alone or paired with acidic white vinegar. White vinegar is equally as powerful as baking soda, providing the perfect natural polish for streaky or smudged surfaces. These two basic ingredients can be paired to form the ultimate cleaning duo, but where are they most effective? READ MORE:Amanda Owen: Inside Our Yorkshire Farm star’s home Whether you want to polish a grubby steel sink or remove stubborn stains from your porcelain basin, baking soda and white vinegar can do it all. A sprinkling of baking soda followed by a splash of white vinegar is the best way to refresh a dull, dirty sink - and there is one foolproof way to do it. Start by combining one tablespoon of baking soda with two teaspoons of water to form a thick paste. Scrub the sink with the paste and leave to sit for 10 minutes before rinsing with white vinegar and water. For added shine, add a little white vinegar to a clean microfiber cloth and buff into the surface for a high-quality finish. Dirty drains can not only look unpleasant but they can leave unwanted odours lingering throughout the room. To clean up your drains without pouring harsh chemicals into your pipes, use the power duo that is baking soda and white vinegar. This hack will require some patience, but a short wait for gleaming results is definitely worthwhile. Start by removing any visible obstructions from the drain before sprinkling a generous amount of baking soda down and around the drain. Leave it to sit for at least 30 minutes before flushing with boiling water. Mix white vinegar into a spray bottle with some warm water and spritz the area around the drain while giving it a quick scrub. Pour the remaining vinegar solution down the drain and rinse once more. DON'T MISS:Spring cleaning: How to avoid spring cleaning mistakes right now [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘trick’ to remove blood stains from bed sheets [REVEAL]Easy baking soda cleaning hack for 'filthy' ovens - 'Looks brand new!' [ANALYSIS] The contents of your airing cupboard will feel as good as new with a little white vinegar and baking soda. A combination of the gentle soda with the acidity of the vinegar is the perfect combination to refresh crunchy towels and rough bed linens. To reap the benefits of this natural solution, mix half a cup of baking soda into your usual laundry detergent and add one cup of vinegar into the drum of your washing machine. Let the cycle run as normal and let the products combine to: Everyday clothing items can be washed with added baking soda and vinegar too. Carpet stains can seem impossible to remove, but a simple combination of white vinegar and baking soda is enough to draw out stubborn dirt. To shift unsightly marks, use the soda paste method to penetrate deep into the fibres of the carpet. Mix one tablespoon of baking soda with two teaspoons of water and layer onto the affected area. Leave overnight to make sure the paste dries out before vacuuming. Pour undiluted white vinegar onto a cloth and gently wipe away any excess powder or dirt. Restoring the bright white hue of tile grout is easily done with a spritz of white vinegar, followed by a gentle baking soda scrub. Whether you’re tackling your kitchen, bathroom or flooring, this easy method can be done in just a matter of minutes. Pour undiluted white vinegar into a spray bottle and spritz directly onto the grubby grout. Mix together a loose paste using baking soda and water, then apply with a clean toothbrush. This might require some elbow grease to tackle every inch of the grout, but the bright results will be worth the time and effort.