 ITV soap fans have been keeping a close eye on Liv Flaherty (played by Isobel Steele) and Vinny Dingle (Bradley Johnson) in recent months as their romantic relationship has grown stronger on Emmerdale. While Liv was in jail, having been wrongly convicted of murder, Vinny worked tirelessly to prove her innocence. His hard work eventually paid off and Liv was released from prison. The young couple recently took their romance to the next level as they got married in secret. Could another milestone be on the horizon for their relationship?   Bradley Johnson, who plays Vinny in the soap, spoke to Express.co.uk and other press about his character’s future. The soap star confessed he’s hoping Vinny and Liv will now have a happy life together after enduring so much hardship over the past year. Bradley remarked: “I think things are finally looking up for Vinny. "Obviously, we've just seen him marry Liv and it's all been a bit hectic with all the lies and the secrets. READ MORE: 90s TV presenters: Where are Pat Sharp and Jayne Middlemiss now?  “But, I think now that he's finally put a ring on Liv, hopefully, this could be the start of a happily ever after with them too. “So yeah, I think he's feeling ecstatic,” the actor explained. Could their “happily ever after” soon see the couple welcome a new addition to their family? If Liv becomes pregnant, Vinny’s mother Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley) will likely want to be on hand to help the young couple as much as possible.    Lisa Riley, who plays Mandy, has revealed her character will soon be interfering in Liv and Vinny’s relationship. “She’s bursting in the house constantly,” the actress confessed. Bradley explained Liv and Vinny now live together at Mill Cottage but aren’t getting much alone time. The soap star revealed Vinny’s mother will be meddling in the life of the newly married couple. DON'T MISS...Last of the Summer Wine writer originally refused to cast Compo star [INSIGHT]BBC's Croxall on ‘scary’ moment breaking news of Prince Philip’s death [MUST SEE]‘Younger generation wouldn’t fight for country’ blasts GB News host [WATCH]  He said: “She’s a bit suffocating in the fact that she might just walk in and just at any moment Mandy could arrive, but there's no knock on the door. “They have to accept that Mandy just turns up unannounced all the time. "She'll come and say ‘Right, I'm cooking for you tonight’, and she's very intrusive. “But, as a mother-in-law she's interesting, let's just put it that way,” he laughed.    Could Mandy’s constant interference be a sign that Liv and Vinny have a baby on the way? Or once she's out of the way, perhaps the young pair will make the most of the newfound alone time but with unforeseen consequences. Pregnancy could pose a challenge for Liv who has struggled with alcohol addiction in the past. However, the Dingles will likely be thrilled to have a new addition to the family. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV. 