Martin Roberts, 58, has shared a video to his social media today as he stopped at a service station near the Ukraine border. The star is currently driving to get supplies to Ukraine and broke down briefly on camera. The star had been driving 26 hours to get to Ukraine and fans have urged him to stay safe. Martin looked exhausted after taking the ferry from Dover to Calais and on to France. He was on the road to Ukraine as he uploaded the video. His caption read: “1260 miles. 25 hours driving. Five countries. READ NOW: BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint “427 wine gums. 8 large cans of red bull. An entire Spotify play list. “An unbelievably kind and supportive mountain of encouragement from you and the main part of my mission is done. Just heading to the border with sleeping bags x” In the video, Martin thanked his fans for supporting him on his journey but broke down slightly towards the end of the upload. He said: “Thank you for everything you’ve done to support me on this journey." Looking exhausted, he added with a sigh and a tired chuckle: “I need to go and process this.” The BBC daytime show host also released a video the previous morning. At the time, he planned to keep driving with his cargo, but decided to stop for a break. Martin said that he was “so tired" and needed to check into a hotel before continuing his journey the following morning. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top [PHOTOS]Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [UPDATE] Many of Martin's 19,400 followers rushed to the video to urge him to stay safe. @JaneFlora10 pleaded: "Please take care of yourself. “The people of Ukraine needs you and your cargo to arrive in one piece. "Thank you for your selflessness. Safe travels."  @Lisa75Lisa75 told him: "Get some rest Martin, you need to look after yourself if you want to help others x" And @BeachyJoanne wrote: "Thinking of you Martin, keep safe and you should definitely rest up tonight." The star, who comes from Warrington, has been driving from the UK to the Ukraine border with supplies for those who have been suffering during the war with Russia. In yesterday’s upload, he braced himself for another 13 hours across Germany. The star is determined to help those affected by the war in Ukraine.