NCIS Los Angeles took a break from the small screen as CBS used its time slot to air coverage of the Winter Olympics in Beijing. The police procedural has since returned and Agent G Callen (played by Chris O'Donnell) is in need of some guidance as he struggles to deal with some new details from his past. This is operational psychologist Nate Getz's (Peter Cambor) cue to make a comeback in order to help his former colleague. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles.Nate Getz hasn't been seen since season eight of NCIS Los Angeles but he will be back in season 13's All the Little Things which airs on Sunday, March 13, on CBS. Agent Callen discovered he was Subject 17, one of the many foster children of Hetty Lange's (Linda Hunt) who went through cognitive tests and psychological screening to see if he could be the right fit for the job. The discovery of the file in Hetty's belongings hints she was running the programme and may have known Callen longer than she had been letting on. As Callen continues to question his past, psychologist Nate is brought in to help with the process. READ MORE: Coronation Street arrival for Daisy Midgeley's family with new set? The synopsis for All the Little Things reads: "Nate meets with Admiral Kilbride and learns about the CIA project from the 1970s and 1980s involving children." But how will Callen react when Nate tries to get inside his head and work through what he is feeling? Nate was originally introduced in NCIS season six, alongside some of the other original stars of NCIS Los Angeles. His job was to handles interrogations and perform psychological evaluations on the NCIS Office of Special Projects' personnel, keeping an eye on their mental health. But Nate started to show interest in taking on a different job which led to his role being minimalised in the drama. Nate's dream was to become a field agent but the rest of the team felt he didn't have the necessary skills to succeed. Nevertheless, he pursued the career and received training in fieldcraft and hand-to-hand combat which he took part in during season two. He was then assigned a top-secret mission in the Middle East and so went from a main NCIS Los Angeles cast member to a recurring guest star, popping up from time to time. While actor Peter Cambor hasn't spoken about why he stepped down, it could have been so he could take on other roles elsewhere. DON'T MISS...Below Deck boss teases 'dangerous' spin-off in Norway [TEASER]NCIS: Gibbs’ replacement suspended as Parker’s past exposed? [THEORY]NCIS star Sean Murray leaves fans gushing over rare family snap [REACTION] During his time on NCIS Los Angeles, Cambor also starred in the legal drama Suits. He was Nathan Krueger, a lawyer and the head of the Eastside Legal Clinic in Queens, New York. In 2020, Cambor starred in the film American Terrorist but his biggest role to date has been in the comedy Grace and Frankie as Brianna's fiancé Barry. He has starred in all six series of the sitcom and will be back for season seven on Netflix this year. This isn't the first time the CBS drama has tried to get Cambor to come back. Showrunner Scott Gemmill told TV Line last year: “We almost brought him back [but] it didn’t work out for various reasons. "But we have talked about him coming back specifically this [season], because of what Callen is going through.” But only time will tell if Nate is going to be returning to NCIS Los Angeles on a more regular basis. NCIS Los Angeles season 13 continues every Sunday on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced.