Washing machines are used regularly weekly, if not daily, in most households across the country. However, many people are not aware that washing machines need to be cleaned regularly in order for them to clean clothes effectively. Soap residue, minerals and chemicals can get stuck inside washing machines and actually trap bacteria. If left, this can have an impact on how well the inside of the machine works and can mean detergents won’t be as strong. In a podcast for Dr Beckmann: Uncovered, Gemma Bray, creator of The Organise Mum Method, spoke to industry experts about why it’s important to clan washing machines. One of the experts she spoke to was Adam Moss, the associative creative director of Brazen PR. The creative PR agency have worked with Dr Beckmann for over a decade. READ MORE: ‘I learnt the hard way’: Monty Don shares warning over tulip bulbs Mr Moss said washing machines can actually be a “breeding ground for germs and bacteria” but are often ignored when it comes to cleaning. He told Gemma: “People think the washing machine cleans things, therefore it’s got to be clean and it’s not the case. “We recommend running the machine with a cleaner specifically designed to remove bacteria like Dr. Beckmann Service It Deep Clean Washing Machine Cleaner. “Not only does it mean everything you put in [the machine] is cleaner but it also ensures that the kitchen or the laundry room - wherever you keep your machine - is well-ventilated and it smells nice as well.”  DON'T MISSCleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home [INSIGHT]House prices map: 10 regions see valuations soar across the UK [UPDATE]‘The risk is real’: Monty Don shares warning on Gardeners’ World [ANALYSIS] One of the tips from Mr Moss is to keep the washing machine in a well-ventilated room. He also suggested keeping the machine door left open so that it can air. The cleaning pro said before lockdown, some people didn’t think to clean their washing machines. He continued: “I think it was assumed - I know I did - that because it’s a cleaning machine, that we would’t have to clean it very often. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “It was kind of the dirty secret at the corner of the kitchen. “But because it washes lots of dirty stuff, it needs to be cleaned too.” However, he said since the coronavirus pandemic and lockdowns began, cleaning washing machines regularly is “more on the agenda”. One way bacteria can build up in washing machines is by washing on a lower temperature. This is more environmentally friendly but it doesn’t necessarily get rid of all the bacteria. “It’s really important that you clean your machine to do that,” Mr Moss said. “It’s the bacteria that’s actually responsible for that musty smell you get from an unhygienic machine.   “A cleaner a machine, doesn’t only mean cleaner clothes but it also means you get rid of one of the major smells in the kitchen.” Gemma said once you clean the washing machine, you will end up cleaning it more often because you will notice that difference. Dr. Beckmann Service It Deep Clean Washing Machine Cleaner is available to buy from Sainsbury’s for £3.10. Dettol Washing Machine Cleaner can be bought from Wilko for £3. Dylon 3 in 1 Washing Machine Cleaner is available at Waitrose for £3.50. Oust Dishwasher & Washing Machine Cleaner can be found at Ocado for £1.50.