The note has just been discovered by conservationists restoring what was once the young man’s choir building. 13-year-old William Elliot wrote the emotional letter on August 11 1897 - and researchers uncovered evidence that he would later fight and die in World War 1. It was found on the back of a chorister’s order of service in Sunderland Parish Church - and people are now being encouraged to write back. The Grade 1 Georgian listed building was restored over lockdown, transforming it into an event space called Seventeen Nineteen. However, conservationists unexpectedly discovered record of a voice from the past. Decades of dust, grime and polish had to be removed before the words could be deciphered. Writing in pencil, William said: “Dear friend, whoever finds this paper think of William Elliott who had two months and two weeks and four days on the 11 of August 1897. "Whoever you are that finds this paper don't tear it up or throw it away ... keep it in remembrance of me, W Elliott ... I was the leading boy of this choir ..."I love you if you love me." After research by volunteers, William’s story was unveiled. His father was chief officer Thomas Duncan Elliott, who was washed overboard in 1887 while sailing on the vessel Skyros. The boy’s mother, Sarah Ann Elliott, was left a widow with four children. While the family had been comfortable until the tragic loss of Mr Elliott, by 1891 Ms Elliott was working as a dressmaker to try and make ends meet. Following his father’s death, William became eligible for admittance to the orphanage, and was accepted a year later. READ MORE: Children set fire to Morrisons in town where parents must 'get a grip' [REVEAL] He was discharged on his 14th birthday on October 29, 1897 - just a few weeks after writing his letter. Apparently shaken by the circumstances of his father’s death, William did not follow in the footsteps of many of his fellow orphans, and did not go to sea. Researchers were able to uncover that William worked for a solicitor, but after 1901, the trail goes cold. However, right next to the framed copy of his letter which now hands next to the very seat in which he wrote it, a wooden plaque commemorates the heroes who fought and died in the Great War. Listed among the dozens of names of the parish’s fallen men and boys, is one that sounds familiar - W Elliot. DON'T MISS: Fury as 'envious' EU takes UK to court for green energy subsidies [REVEAL]Brexit POLL:Do YOU agree that Boris Johnson should trigger Article 16? [INSIGHT]Brexit Britain must repair relationship with EU in face of Ukraine cri [ANALYSIS] While it is spelt differently to records surrounding the letter, it remains a strong possibility that it was the very same young man. His plea to be remembered has inspired Seventeen Nineteen to launch The Dear Friend project, inviting anyone who wishes to, to write a letter back to William. Centre manager Tracey Mienie said: "His letter has touched us all. "He was clearly very aware that his time at the orphanage, and in the choir, was ending and I think apprehension at what his future may hold comes across in his words."