New data from the UK’s largest property site, Rightmove, revealed the fishing town of Brixham in Devon has become a new asking price hotspot. Prices in the coastal town have increased more than any other area of the UK over the last year. Asking prices have surged by 25 percent in the last year to £329,699. In February 2021, the average asking price in Brixham was £264,254 which means prices have surged by over £65,000 in monetary terms over the last year alone. The picturesque town is located in Torbay on what is known as the English Riviera. The town is known for its famous fish market and beautiful beach. Average asking prices in Torbay, which includes Brixham, have also increased by 21 percent over the last year. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share how not to wash towels - ‘they’ll go nasty’ Annually, buyer demand has surged by six percent across the area. Jesmond in Newcastle Upon Tyne is the next asking price hotspot, ranking second across the country. The average asking price in the area has increased by 23 percent over the last year, rising to £361,564. The increase outstrips the wider Newcastle area, where asking prices are up seven percent annually. DON'T MISSMrs Hinch fan shares £1 trick to remove bathroom radiator rust [INSIGHT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to remove toilet bowl stains [UPDATE]House buying timeline: How long does it really take to buy a home? [ANALYSIS] Farnham in Surrey is third in the table, with a rise of 22 percent in asking prices over the last year. Prices in the leafy market town just outside Guildford have increased by over £133,000 in the last year. They have increased from £594,808, to an eye-watering £728,413 in February 2022. Across the UK, average asking prices are up 9.5 percent annually in February, and new listings are up 16 percent compared to January. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Tim Bannister, Rightmove’s Director of Property Data said buyers are still looking for homes by the coast. He explained: “The rise in the number of buyers looking for a home by the coast since the pandemic started is still being felt in asking price rises nearly two years on as Brixham takes the top spot for annual asking price growth this month. “The data shows that prices in the Devon borough of Torbay grew steadily between 2020 and 2021 as supply kept better pace with demand, but have accelerated over the last year as the number of buyers looking in the area has outpaced the homes available. “However, a recent uptick in the number of new listings compared to last year will be some welcome news for those looking to buy in Brixham.” Ben Strike, Valuer at Boyce Brixham, said the town of Brixham is “perfectly positioned” for buyers. He said: “Just half an hour from Exeter and nestled on the coast between the family resorts of Torquay and Dawlish to the North and the beautiful South Hams in the other direction, Brixham is perfectly positioned to take advantage of everything that South Devon has to offer.  “In a post-pandemic world, we have seen a marked influx of all types of buyers. “City dwellers are keener than ever for that idyllic fisherman’s cottage by the sea to retreat to at the weekend, and families are giving up the urban belts completely, in favour of a full-time move to the coast. “With prices considerably less than neighbouring Dartmouth and with a much shorter travel time to the area than Padstow and St Ives in Cornwall, the secret of Brixham is definitely out. “With its world-famous fish market and fishing heritage at its very heart, Brixham has become a real destination for seafood aficionados. “There is an abundance of new and well-established bars and restaurants, and unlike many seaside towns which close during the winter season, the thriving fishing community, which is busiest during the winter, ensures that there is life bustling through the town all year-round.”