Kate Middleton has opted for drop pearl earrings many times over the years; sometimes for more formal occasions, but mainly for public appearances. The Duchess of Cambridge has a few favourites - both from the Royal Collection and her own personal jewellery collection. Express.co.uk took a closer look at the pieces Kate opts for and spoke to Maxwell Stone, leading diamond expert at Steven Stone Jewellers on whether the pearl drop earring is fast becoming Kate’s statement piece, similar to the Queen and her pearl necklaces. In terms of what pearls represent, Steven said: “Wearing pearls has notoriously always been associated with the royals and monarchy and for good reason, their symbolic meaning of loyalty, integrity, and purity, making them a fitting choice for the Duchess. “The gems of the sea are believed to offer protection to the wearer, as well as attract good luck and wealth. “Pearls have always been very classy and understated; they are extremely versatile which always makes them a great addition to any outfit. “The general price tag of a pair of natural pearl earrings set in white gold can set you back around £2,000.” READ MORE: Prince George is not ‘a spoiled child’ - expert analysis One of the most popular pairs of pearl drop earrings that Kate favours is the Annoushka Ducas 18ct Gold Baroque Drops. Over the years, Kate has been seen wearing them to around 60 public engagements, making them one of her most-worn pair of earrings. The classic earrings are made from creamy white freshwater pearls which have been chosen for their even shape and warm lustre. Kate chooses to suspend the pearl drops from a pair of Kiki McDonough gold and diamond hoops. DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton’s go-to move which ‘brings attention’ to herself [BODY LANGUAGE]Weight loss: New mum shed 1.7st of fat in 3 months - here’s how [PICTURES]Horoscope & love: Virgo’s set for ‘dreams to come true’ this week [INSIGHT] Steven discussed the design and said: “These 18ct gold drop earrings are a beautiful and a staple in the Duchess’ collection of pearl earrings. “With a diamond set hoop band that features a clasp fastening and a sole drop Akoya pearl. “In today’s market, these would be sold at around £4,000.” Another iconic pair of pearl earrings that Kate likes to wear are the Collingwood earrings. When visiting Denmark last month, Kate opted for the Collingwood earrings when stepping out with Crown Princess Mary. Before that, the Duchess wore them in the official photos released to mark her 40th birthday. Steven commented: “Kate Middleton inherited these timeless Collingwood Diamond and Pearl earrings from Diana. “Inspired from the Victorian era, these sensational drop-pearl-and-diamond earrings are known to be a wedding gift from the London jeweller, Collingwood when Princess Diana married Prince Charles. “Set with round diamonds and the most expensive of its kind, south sea pearls, these would cost roughly £30,000.” Another time the Duchess wore pearl drop earrings were for Prince Philip’s funeral. This time, she paired the Bahrain diamond and pearl earrings with a Japanese pearl choker necklace that belongs to Her Majesty the Queen. Steven spoke about the earring's origins and said: “I believe these Bahrain diamond and pearl earrings were gifted to The Duchess from Queen Elizabeth. “Originally the earrings were a wedding gift to Queen Elizabeth, from the ruler of Bahrain who gave her several large pearls in 1947 – two of which were used to create these beautiful pearl earrings. “Inspired from an Art deco design, these earrings are set with a 50 point round diamond at the top, leading to drop Akoya pearl. “The design features three baguettes, smaller diamonds that add to the art deco feel.” As for how much the earrings are worth, the jeweller added: “Set in white gold, these diamond and pearl earrings would cost approximately £7,000.”