It is believed that they have left to join the growing number of foreigners joining the Ukrainian fight against the Russian invasion. However, an Army spokesperson told Sky News that these soldiers were disobeying orders and that all active service personnel were banned from travelling to Ukraine.  They said: “We are aware of a small number of individual soldiers who have disobeyed orders and gone absent without leave and may have travelled to Ukraine in a personal capacity. “We are actively and strongly encouraging them to return to the UK. “All Service Personnel are prohibited from travelling to Ukraine until further notice. “This applies whether the Service Person is on leave or not.  “Personnel travelling to Ukraine will face disciplinary and administrative consequences.” On 11 February, the Foreign Office advised against all travel to Ukraine and advised all Britons to leave the country. They have also warned Brits that travelling to fight in Ukraine could be prosecuted when they return to the UK. In 2014, the Crown Prosecution Service warned that Britons who went to fight in the Syrian Civil War could be committing an offence even if they were fighting trying to overthrow President Bashir Al-Assad. READ MORE: London emergency: Euston station evacuated as passengers told 'leav...  The Foreign Enlistment Act 1870 bans UK nations from fighting in “the military or naval service of any foreign state” that is at war with a country the UK is at peace with. Speaking in the House of Commons on Wednesday, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace reiterated the Government’s position that service personnel should not travel to Ukraine. He said: “The Government position is if you are a serving member of the armed forces you will be breaking the law. “There were reports in a weekend newspaper about three members who had gone AWOL over the weekend. DON'T MISS:  Poignant pictures show US bombers at UK airbase amid World War 3 fears [REVEAL] Pensioners at sheltered housing block furious with music and parties  [INSIGHT] BBC's Nick Robinson frostily shuts down Putin defender over shelling [SPOTLIGHT]   “They will be breaking the law and they will be prosecuted when they return for going absent without leave or deserting. “For others, as the government travel advice is don't go to Ukraine, we strongly discourage them from joining these forces.” 