  ITV talk show host Lorraine Kelly admitted to Express.co.uk that she was left feeling self-conscious on the red carpet after gaining a considerable amount of weight during lockdown. The journalist has since teamed up with WW (formerly known as Weight Watchers) and is already well on her way to reaching her target of fitting back into her favourite size 10 red dress.      Lorraine, 62, shared how she had shot from a size 10 to a size 14 during lockdown due to a lack of exercise and eating more unhealthy food. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the star explained that, while the perfect size is different for every person, she wanted to get back to feeling like herself again with the help of WW. Speaking about her recent outings on the red carpet, the ITV star admitted that she felt as if her fellow celebs were looking at her in confusion when she appeared less confident than usual. She shared: “At the moment, if I go out - I mean, I’m not very good at red carpets anyway - but say there was a big event… READ MORE: Tony Rock insists Chris Rock and Will Smith not made up yet     “I would be kind of ‘hmm’,” she said, while slumping her shoulders with an unsure expression. “And the last thing I went to, there was a big do just before Christmas, and I couldn’t get into - obviously my red dress is my go-to dress - and I couldn’t get it over my head. “But I thought, ‘Well that’s ok,’ so I ended up wearing a really nice black dress and I looked fine, but I really, really didn’t feel fine,” Lorraine confessed. “And I was looking at everybody else looking amazing, beautiful, and confident and I didn’t feel like that.      “I know that other people were looking at me going, ‘What’s she going on about? She looks ok!’ but it’s really about you. And I was feeling kind of tired. “It’s about losing your shine, losing your sparkle. I just felt really tired and a bit dimmed, honestly. “But we’ve all felt like that. Just because I have to be on the telly doesn’t mean to say that I don’t feel not-as-confident on some days.” Lorraine went on to explain that she had set herself a “target”, which is to be able to fit back into her favourite red dress. READ MORE... Paul Herman dead: Goodfellas and Sopranos actor dies at 76 [LATEST] Fern Britton on struggle to 'bounce back' from Phil Vickery split [INSIGHT] Salma Hayek angers fans by supporting Will Smith after Oscars slap [NEWS]      “I think the main thing for me is that I just want to get my va va voom back ,” she said. “Just to get me back from before the pandemic.” “And I know I can do that because I’ve done it before, but this time I just wanted a helping hand.” Lorraine also pointed out that the “right size” means a different thing for every person, and that aiming for a healthier lifestyle was better than just setting out a goal to lose weight. “It’s not about how much space you take up in the world,” she said. “It’s about what’s right for you. It all comes down to confidence, doesn’t it?”     Lorraine continued: “It’s not about weight anymore, we’ve advanced, we’ve moved on. That’s really what I want to get across - and avoiding stupid dieting because it doesn’t work! “It's all about how you feel inside. I’ve got friends that are size six; they're teeny-tiny, and that's the way they're supposed to be and they’re dead healthy. “On the other side of that, I’ve got really good friends who are 16 to 18 and they’re happy and healthy. It’s all about acceptance and feeling good in yourself.” Lorraine Kelly has joined WW as a new ambassador. #joinLorraine on her weight loss and wellness journey with WW, where you can enjoy the foods you love with no restrictions. To be your best self whilst still losing weight, visit ww.com/uk/ambassadors/lorraine-kelly and get 50% off today.   