Aaron Willis was the latest hopeful to be fired by Lord Alan Sugar on BBC's The Apprentice. The business-savvy individual was part of the double-elimination for episode ten, joined by Akeem Bundu-Kamara. The pair failed to deliver in the baby food challenge leaving tfinale as an all-female line-up. The flight operations instructor hails from Chorley in Lancashire, and his hopes of going into partnership with Lord Sugar were dashed by his vegetable baby food containing only two vegetables. He was evicted from the show leaving fellow teammates Brittany Carter and Kathryn Burn sitting in the boardroom. Lord Sugar said he was in a "diabolical" position as neither team made an income. The TV personality assured fans that he has no hard feelings against the remaining contenders: "We had an agreement from the start, and all said the boardroom was our dressing room. Read More: Emmerdale’s Charles Anderson devastated as Manpreet is given frightening diagnosis? "If you put it into a football analogy, whatever gets said in the boardroom, stays there. "I know it's cliché but it really did. No one mentioned the tasks again, there was no bad feeling at all and, if something different is said retrospectively, well, it wasn't at the time, everything really was fine." Aaron became project manager for the trio due to being the only team member who had experience with babies, although his children were now 11 and 15. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, he continued: "I never thought it would be like that, you know. "You watch the show and think that can't be the case, but there really wasn't any animosity." When not working on a task, the contestants got to sit back and relax in a multi-million-pound mansion. Now the mansion will house just four contenders, but it started off as the home to 16 entrepreneurs. "Even though it was this luxury mansion, it just wasn't home to me," the 38-year-old said. DON’T MISS…Coronation Street twist as Phill Whittaker's secret unveiled in Maria Connor plot? [SPOILERS]Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update from Ravenseat [LATEST]'Never cover it' Star Trek expert shares biggest Lucille Ball 'pet peeve' [LATEST] "It was lovely to go back there and relax, and I don't take that for granted for a second, but I would have loved to just be able to relax up North!" As a northerner through and through relocating to London the change in pace of life came as a bit of a shock. He joked: "It didn't have a Greggs on the doorstep - it was just too southern for me. "I need a Greggs and a Hungry Horse or something like that round the corner. Not a Prezza mange-thingy, or whatever they're called!" He revealed who he thought would win with himself out of the running now. The TV personality divulged: "I think I'd put my money on Kathryn to win. "I was good mates with Kathryn in the house. We didn't actually work together much during the process, but I'm really rooting for her. "She just seemed to be on the ball – all the girls were to be fair, they're all really intelligent. But Kathryn just has the edge for me, she's been so calm and collected throughout." The Apprentice continues next Thursday on BBC One at 9pm and previous episodes can be watched on BBC iPlayer.