Mould is a fungus that grows in a range of environments around the home. Mould can cause a plethora of problems and can even lead to health problems if left untreated. The unpleasant fungus is often caused by dampness or condensation near windows, in damp rooms, on ceilings and cold surfaces. Despite its unpleasant appearance, mould can be relatively simple to remove from the home. Cleaning and housing experts at Homebase UK have shared the “only lasting way” to avoid mould, kill mould and redecorate after treatment. The experts said: “The only lasting way of avoiding severe mould is to eliminate damp. “If you deal with the mould in your home appropriately, it shouldn't reappear. READ MORE: ‘It really works’: Using coffee can cover scratches on furniture  “To kill and remove mould, wipe down walls and window frames with a fungicidal wash by following the instructions on the product carefully. “Dry clean mildewed clothes and shampoo carpets.” Although it may be tempting to clean mould from carpets and walls, brushing or scraping it can lead to health problems. Brushing and vacuuming mould, which disturbs it, can “increase the risk of respiratory problems”, according to the experts. DON'T MISSCleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks [INSIGHT]House prices map: 10 regions see valuations soar across the UK [UPDATE]Plants: Gardeners are warned against using typical watering method [ANALYSIS] After removing a patch of mould, it may be necessary to redecorate. But to redecorate, homeowners should use a specific type of paint. The experts explained: “It's important to redecorate using a good quality fungicidal paint to help prevent mould from growing. “Since this protective coat is clear, you can paint your walls any colour you like before applying the fungicidal paint. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “However, this paint is not effective if overlaid with ordinary paint or wallpaper. “When wallpapering, use a paste containing a fungicide to prevent further mould growth.” There are many simple household hacks to remove mould from the home. Bleach and vinegar are both effective, but white vinegar is reportedly best. Bleach kills mould spores on the surface. However, vinegar actually penetrates porous materials to kill the mould at the source.  Baking soda can also be used to effectively remove mould. The high pH of mould is too high for mould to grow. It can be used as a natural disinfectant when mixed with two cups of water. Mix the two, put it in a spray bottle and spray the mouldy area with a brush. To prevent mould from returning, use the solution again.