Johanna Konta has responded after world No 1 Ash Barty announced her immediate retirement from tennis. The 25-year-old Aussie won all 11 matches she had played this year, including her third Grand Slam title at the Australian Open, but has decided to hang up her racket. Konta herself recently retired over the off-season and praised her former colleague for doing things on her own terms. Barty had initially withdrawn from Indian Wells and Miami, saying she would be back in action next month for Australia's Billie Jean King Cup tie but the Aussie national team ended up being granted direct entry into the finals after defending champions Russia were banned from the competition in the wake of the invasion of Ukraine. It left her return to tennis unknown with no tournaments confirmed for her upcoming schedule. On Wednesday, the reigning Wimbledon and Australian Open champion announced her decision to retire from tennis, admitting she physically had "nothing more to give". The announcement shocked the sporting world given Barty's young age of just 25, and her status as the current top-ranked tennis player. Tributes have come pouring in from the likes of Andy Murray and former world No 1 Simona Halep, and Britain's Johanna Konta has now had her say on her old rival's retirement. Konta herself retired at the beginning of December last year, having reached as high as No 4 in the world during her career. JUST IN: Djokovic retirement prediction made amid battle with Federer and Nadal  "Whenever you hear an athlete announce their retirement, whether people might expect it or not, it is always a surprise but Ash is so young. She is the current No 1 in the world, she just won the first Slam of the year so in that respect it is surprising but it’s obviously the right decision for her like she said," the 30-year-old told Sky Sports as she reacted to the announcement. Konta, who faced Barty four times in their careers and won just one of the matches, was impressed with the Australian for retiring on her own terms and ensuring she had post-retirement plans ready for her life after tennis. She continued: "What a great way to be able to also retire on your own terms and to be able to say that ‘thank you so much but I’m looking forward to also something else’." DON'T MISSMurray 'incredible' for achievements in Djokovic, Nadal, Federer eraSix tennis stars who retired early after shock Barty announcementRafael Nadal releases emotional statement after injury hammerblow  And Konta, who has only experienced retired life for four months herself, was excited to see what the world No 1 would do next. "She has said that she’s got other passions and what a great position to be in because when you do something like sport for your whole life, it’s very difficult to cultivate other interests, other passions and especially when she’s so young at 25 so she’s obviously got ideas," she added. "She’s got a direction that she wants to go in, and she’ll take her time I'm sure but I’m excited to see what she does."