One of Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s long-term supporters and a former Leader of the Conservative Party Sir Iain Duncan Smith MP even criticised the PM recently for doing ‘sweet f*** all” to deliver Brexit reforms. Included in these failures is the lack of ambition behind the full rollout of Freeports across the entire UK during the five years since we voted to leave the EU. Areas given Freeport status should benefit from a wide package of tax relief; simplified customs procedures; streamlined planning processes to boost redevelopment; as well as Government support to promote regeneration and innovation. At present, the Government has announced they wish to create a total of 11 Freeports - with 8 in England, 2 in Scotland, 1 in Wales, but none, so far, have been proposed for Northern Ireland. However, despite the UK now being completely out of the EU and the Transition Period for well over a year, so far only one Freeport is fully up and running – in Teesside. Why the delays? The rollout of Freeports within the United Kingdom is clearly being hampered by increased bureaucracy, Boris Johnson’s obsession with Net-Zero and an apparent lack of backbone. The proper implementation of Freeports would not only give the chosen regions a huge economic boost, but it would grant the Prime Minister and Jacob Rees-Mogg - his new Minister for Brexit Opportunities and Government Efficiency - an excellent way of quickly introducing far-reaching deregulation. This could be seen as radical in the wider country, but can be specifically tailored to the needs of each ‘Freeport’. If successful within the confines of a Freeport, then the same policies would be much easier to promote to the country as a whole at the next General Election. The Prime Minister consistently tries to claim the electoral benefits of ‘completing’ Brexit, meanwhile, he consistently fails to deliver on his promises. In another sign of the UK’s categoric failure to pursue a radical Brexit agenda, the two new Freeports now agreed with the Scottish Government have been specifically designated as ‘Green’ Freeports. Instead of focusing on creating the best possible environment for industry, and innovation through the removal of additional bureaucracy, we will see Boris Johnson and Nicola Sturgeon’s huge Net-Zero environment commitments forced on businesses in the regions selected. This is hardly slashing red tape! For more than 30 years, the UK has failed to export any warship bigger than a patrol vessel. Scottish ‘Freeports’ could have been at the heart of a recovery in the shipbuilding sector, building on the specialisation in producing the UK’s two new aircraft carriers, and encouraging huge new investment in Scottish regions from foreign investors. But instead of encouraging innovation, we can be certain the forced ‘Net-Zero’ agenda will only crush the opportunities in this important area of manufacturing and the Scottish economy as a whole. If UK ‘Freeports’ are to attract enough investment and new business to make them effective, they cannot be seen as halfway-houses which do not offer the best rates and benefits when compared to our competitors. If we do not make UK Freeports the best places to do businesses, then what really is the point in setting them up in the first place? The PM is rightly focused on the situation in Ukraine at the moment, as is the Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, however, this also means the issue of the Northern Ireland Protocol is pushed further down the list of priorities. Without a Minister dedicated solely on this issue, the EU will happily sit by and let the current status quo continue, depriving Northern Ireland of the benefits Brexit can provide. At the very least, the new Minister for Brexit Opportunities and Government Efficiency, Jacob Rees-Mogg, must include Northern Ireland in his plans, and not allow the issue to drift! If Boris Johnson and the Government are to really turn the corner on Brexit - and in the polls - then the Prime Minister must ensure the same ambition he has applied to ending the COVID-19 restrictions - and dealing with the Russian invasion of Ukraine - is put it towards radically implementing the full Brexit agenda which got him elected in the first place. If not, Boris will have no chance in getting re-elected at the next General Election in 2024 – if not before.