Gary Neville has fired stern warnings to both Marcus Rashford and his former club Manchester United over rumours suggesting the 24-year-old will look to leave in the summer. Rashford has been with the Red Devils since a schoolboy, but may be prepared to jump ship after a frustrating season. Having made the squad for Euro 2020, Rashford missed the start of the season by belatedly committing to shoulder surgery. He has found it tough since coming back into the side, notching just four Premier League goals all season and often having to settle for a spot on the bench. The attacker's frustration was encapsulated by Ralf Rangnick's decision to snub him for last weekend's Manchester derby. Rather than go with Rashford's pace, the German opted to shoehorn Bruno Fernandes - normally a midfielder - into a central role. JUST IN: Man City 'to pull off Erling Haaland deal' as secret agreement emerges After Manchester City's resounding 4-1 win, The Guardian reported that Rashford had started to consider whether his future would be best spent elsewhere. A lack of game time has stunted the momentum built up by the England international over the past few seasons, and threatens to push him towards the exit door. Neville, who won 12 Premier League titles with the Red Devils, has urged his former side to steer away from what would be a 'failure'.  He vented on Twitter: "Rashford, 1. A failure for United’s football department if he leaves.  "2. A very poor look for [Rashford] if he can’t get his form right to break into this team. "3. [Rashford]/Team would be naive if they think his off-pitch voice will carry without the [Man Utd] badge. "Lose/Lose if he goes. Sort it out!" United fans only need to look towards last season to remember Rashford's top form, as he finished with more than 20 goals in all competitions for a second successive year. The likes of Barcelona, Juventus and PSG are all speculated as potential destinations, and this week Rangnick claimed that he would not stand in the speedster's way if he wanted to leave at the end of season.  Rashford's scope for future game time is debatable as Rangnick recently stated it was 'obvious' the club would chase attacking reinforcements in the summer, while a hoard of United's current forwards are expected to leave. Lyon's Moussa Dembele is among those believed to be under consideration, and scouts were reportedly in attendance during this week's clash between Lyon and Porto. Dembele may not be the only arrival, with attack-minded stars Edinson Cavani and Jesse Lingard both set to leave Old Trafford for free, and Cristiano Ronaldo's future uncertain. Anthony Martial is expected to find a permanent new home after his loan spell with Sevilla, and Mason Greenwood remains absent. Whether Rashford will step up to plug the gaps of United's imminent attacking exodus remains to be seen, but Neville has already made his feelings clear.