Sarah Fullard, 42, had celebrated putting together some garden furniture with a few drinks at her home in Rockford Avenue, east Hull on June 3 2021. She drank some wine and beer as she enjoyed the warm weather and was described as “merry” by a neighbour. An inquest in Hull heard how Sarah must have stumbled after getting up and was left momentarily unconscious after falling on the coffee table at the patio. The position she was in after falling meant that she was unable to breathe and died of asphyxiation. Now, Jenny Fullard, Sarah’s mum, has issued a loving statement about her daughter. Jenny said: ”We cannot put into words how much we love and miss Sarah. We are just incredibly proud of her.” She then recalled: “Sarah was a brilliant mum and she always cooked healthy meals from scratch. “She really enjoyed motherhood and dealt well with the ups and downs. “We are really proud of the way she brought up her boys who are intelligent and loving. She and her partner broke up suddenly and her world fell apart. But they carried on and remained amicable for the sake of the children." READ LATEST: Ukraine war LIVE: Russian paratroopers facing massacre According to Hull Live, Jenny then added about Sarah: “She moved into a new property in Rockford Avenue and she fell in love with the house. “She took so much pride in it, Sarah was very independent and did all the DIY herself." “Her life was completely normal until her passing. “She had planned to go on holiday to Cornwall and had been looking forward to it but it had to be cancelled. She would have been there the weeks she died.” A post-mortem revealed Sarah had moderate to severe alcohol intoxication but that was not the cause of her death. Dr Ian Richmond concluded the position she ended up in after her fall caused her to die of “positional asphyxia”. He also noted her liver was in a healthy condition, suggesting she had never been a big drinker. There were a couple of cuts to her face but no head or brain injuries. The inquest heard how a neighbour had seen Sarah earlier that day putting up a bench and she seemed “excited she had managed to put it up herself”. He described her as “merry” and it was only later he looked over the fence and saw her slumped on the coffee table, then immediately called 999. Area Coroner Lorraine Harris made it clear she did not believe alcohol was the key reason for Sarah’s death. She said: “Sarah was described as merry and the alcohol level suggests she was at an increased risk of a fall but it did not contribute directly to her death.