Eight sheep, including some that were pregnant, were found dead in Peebles, Scotland, with another so severely injured that it had to be put down. Another had to be treated by a vet. The dog attack occurred on the evening of March 10 at around 8pm. The farmer first found two dogs on their own and had been missing. It wasn't until the next day that the farmer found the dead sheep, which all had injuries consistent with a dog attack. The police are appealing for more information about the incident and for people to be more vigilant about sheep worrying. Sergeant David Rourke said: "The lambing season has started and worrying can cause stress to sheep that can result in them losing their lambs as well as injuries that can lead to their death and all of this is a considerable cost to farmers. "Dog owners could face prosecution under The Dogs (Protection of Livestock) (Amendment) (Scotland) Act 2021 if their dog attacks livestock so we are urging them to keep dogs on a lead when walking near livestock as well as making sure they do not run or escape into fields on their own. "I am asking all dog owners to be considerate. Please remember that it is your dog and your responsibility to keep them under control. "The legislation has recently changed and now includes camelids such as llamas and alpacas, as well as ostriches, game birds and farmed deer." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry slammed It comes after a farmer in Cheshire shot a dog dead after it attacked his sheep. The family pet managed to break away from its lead and went on to worry some sheep in Disley, Cheshire, on Sunday It then bit one of the animals under its nose and on its chin, prompting the farmer to use his legal right to protect his livestock. Police said that the dog's owner could not get it to return and described the tragedy as "upsetting for all involved". The farmer was then “left with no other option”. Cheshire Police Rural Crime Team recalled the incident, which took place in Disley, Cheshire, and issues a stark warning for pet owners highlighting the responsibilities of owning a dog. Sgt Simpson said that a police slogan read: “Your dog, your responsibility” was “a message we stand by”. The police worker wrote in a statement that the dog had escaped from its lead "and went on to worry a number of sheep injuring one, leaving it with bite marks to its nose and under its chin. “This horrific incident was witnessed by the owner who tried to recall the dog, but it wouldn't return. “Numerous attempts were made by the dog's owner and the farmer who arrived on scene, before they were left with no other option. “Again the action taken was witnessed by everyone present and it's upsetting for all involved.” Sgt Simpson then added: “No one wants to shoot a family pet, but it's clear in law that someone protecting their livestock have this option available to them. “Ask yourself, if my dog broke free from its lead, am I happy that it will listen to my commands? Have I really got 'control'? “If you're not sure, please keep it away from livestock, even if you're using a lead.” In March last year a dog in the Cotswolds was reportedly shot by a farmer after being caught on a “killing rampage” among a flock of sheep. In April, the Henley Standard reported that farmer David Hicks shot a giant schnauzer called Freja after she ran into a field of livestock.