Ukrainians have armed themselves with homemade petrol bombs as well as guns amid Russia's plans to attack central Kyiv Tuesday evening. A Russian armoured column bore down on Ukraine's capital Kyiv on Tuesday and invasion forces fired rocket barrages into the centre of the country's second-largest city Kharkiv, on the sixth day of Russia's assault on its western neighbour. Rocket strikes on Kharkiv killed at least 10 people and wounded 35, Ukrainian Interior Ministry adviser Anton Herashchenko said. Channel 4's Europe Editor Matt Frei said: "This was a column of Russian armor headed to the gates of the city, some have already announced their arrival in the northern suburbs. "Imagine the terror of being trapped in your home when war visits your neighbourhood. "No wonder the mood inside the capital is twitchy triggered. "There's a shoot to kill order against anyone suspicious." READ MORE: Elon Musk activates Starlink over Ukraine as rockets fall on Kyiv Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said the artillery barrages on Kharkiv amounted to state terrorism. Nearly a week since Russian troops poured over the border, they have failed to capture a single major Ukrainian city after running into fierce resistance. The civilian deaths of the last 48 hours were an ominous sign that frustrated Russian commanders could be resorting to more devastating tactics. Russia still has more forces to throw into the fight even though President Vladimir Putin faces worldwide condemnation and international sanctions for his actions. Oil company Shell became the latest Western firm to announce it was pulling out of Russia. The sanctions and global financial isolation have already had a devastating impact on Russia's economy, with the rouble in freefall and queues outside banks as Russians rush to salvage their savings. Russia's TASS news agency reported new peace talks would be held on Wednesday. Talks between Russian and Ukrainian officials held on Monday at the Belarus border failed to reach a breakthrough. Ukrainian foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba said Kyiv was ready to talk to Moscow but would not just follow Russian ultimatums. Zelensky's government remains in control of Kyiv with soldiers and civilians ready to fight invaders street by street. Pictures released by U.S. satellite company Maxar showed Russian tanks, artillery, and fuel trucks stretching for 40 miles (60 km) along a highway to the north. "For the enemy, Kyiv is the key target," Zelensky, who has remained in the capital rallying Ukrainians, said in a message overnight. "We will neutralise them all." DON'T MISS 'Money is worthless everyone is panicking' – Nightmare grips Russia [INSIGHT]Putin 'would' fire nukes - but this is how UK and allies can stop him [VIDEO]French presidential hopeful sensationally attacks UK over Ukraine war [ANALYSIS] Some residents in the capital of 3 million people have been sheltering in underground metro stations at night. There are long lines for fuel and some products are running out in shops, but by day the city is still holding out, with a semblance of ordinary life on the streets. Russian troops fired artillery at Kyiv, Kharkiv, and the southern port city of Mariupol overnight while the Ukrainian side shot down Russian military planes around the capital, presidential adviser Oleksiy Arestovych said in a briefing. Ukrainian authorities also reported 70 soldiers killed in a rocket attack in a town between Kyiv and Kharkiv. Zelensky, addressing the European Parliament by video link a day after he signed an official request to join the European Union, urged the bloc to prove that it sided with Ukraine.