Shane Warne’s parents, mum Bridgette and dad Keith, have spoken out following the devastating news of their son’s death at the age of 52 from a suspected heart attack. The Australian cricket legend was found unresponsive at a luxurious villa in Thailand, where he was on holiday with friends. Shane’s mum Bridgette has now broken her silence while grieving her beloved son. She told The Herald Sun: "We're just in shock. We're OK". Shane’s dad Keith told the publication he will be sharing a tribute to the bowler at a later date. It comes after Shane’s management addressed his death yesterday. READ MORE... ‘Doesn’t do it for a Range Rover’ James Martin defends Amanda Owen  They said: “It is with great sadness we advise that Shane Keith Warne passed away of a suspected heart attack in Koh Samui, Thailand, today.    “Shane was found unresponsive in his villa and despite the best efforts of medical staff, he could not be revived.    “The family requests privacy at this time and will provide further details in due course.”    Shane was also a dedicated father to his three children with ex-wife Simone Callahan, who he was married to from 1995 until 2005.  The sportsman previously opened up on co-parenting following his split with Simone. Speaking to Herald Sun in April last year, the star said: “I always made their lunches, walked them to school, took them to sport, etc. “It was b****y hard - being a single parent is difficult, but fun too. “I’m so glad they are 19, 21 and 23 now.” DON'T MISS:Michael Douglas reflects on tragedy as he issues career update [COMMENT]Piers Morgan says Shane Warne was 'one of first' to call amid GMB row [OPINION]Vera actor Kenny Doughty's ‘romance’ with co-star after sad tragedy [INSIGHT] He added to The Daily Telegraph in 2020: "Co-parenting is never easy but you've got to be a grown up and if you put your kids first you can do it.  "When people start using the children for their own advantages and don't make them the priority, that's when difficulties happen.  "Both of us have put our children as our number one priority at all times and that's why it's been able to work."  Shane is widely considered to be one of the best bowlers in history. The iconic leg-spinner took over 708 test wickets over the course of his incredible career.  This was the second-most of all time over the 15 years he played cricket.  He retired from the sport in 2007, but continued to play Twenty20 cricket until 2013.  He later dated English actress Elizabeth Hurley, before they got engaged in 2011.  The pair called off their engagement in 2013. 