Stacey Solomon, 32, has been keeping her fans updated on her latest DIY projects. However, it seems not everyone is supportive of her updates as one troll told the Loose Women star she had “problems”. Earlier this week, Stacey showed off her new toilet in view of her five million followers. Posting on her Instagram Stories, she started off by showing her husband Joe Swash relaxing on the sofa. She then decided to leave him to show her followers her new toilet. Stacey can be heard saying: "The toilet is beige, I'm not sure why that makes me so excited but hold on... I'll show you." READ MORE: Rylan told to 'grow up' and stop ‘mincing about' amid Ukraine crisis  “Joe doesn't fancy a cleaning day so I've come up to the mermaid bathroom because the toilet and shower went in and I'm so excited that the toilet is beige. "It's so extra, sorry. But I actually am just this dramatic and emotional about anything we do in Pickle Cottage because I just can't believe we actually get to do it." However, it wasn’t long before one of her followers hit out at her for leaving Joe in the clip. She shared another post with a screenshot of what they had written to her.  Someone named Terry wrote: "You would rather go see your beige toilet than have alone time with husband... you got probs Stace." (sic) As a result, Stacey then hit back with another snap of the new loo. She added: “Terry the troll is not happy I've left Joe to watch sword programmes while I sit and stare at the toilet [laughing emoji]. "I'm not being funny Terry, but can you blame me? I mean look at it!  "Feel free to come over and have as much alone time with Joe as you like, I'll be right here." This comes after Stacey took to social media to fume over Joe’s latest antics. She shared a video with him and baby Rose as she called him out for leaving flowers on the radio. Posting on Instagram Stories last night, she said: "Did you know that if you put fresh flowers above a radiator, they'll die?" Joe then quipped back: "That is a rubbish fact!"  Stacey added: "But did you know that fact?" before Joe admitted he did. The Loose Women panellist then exclaimed: "Well then, why do you keep putting my fresh flowers on the radiator and killing them?" Alongside this, Stacey fumed in a caption: "Not a fun fact really. “I'm just so sick of him killing my flowers when he's pretending to tidy up tbh. (sic) "So thought this would help him remember!" 