McLaren boss Zak Brown has slammed Red Bull for its ‘brutal’ approach with its drivers, but did outline world champion Max Verstappen as an anomaly within the system. Brown criticised Red Bull’s large driver turnover, using the likes of Daniel Ricciardo, Carlos Sainz and Sebastien Vettel as key examples to his argument. The 50-year-old even went on to accuse the Milton Keynes-based team of ‘ruining’ a number of drivers who have raced for their team. Quoted by The Race he said: “I think they've ruined a few that I think had it, but weren't given enough opportunity. “But they won the championship last year, we didn't, so I can't say they don't know what they’re doing. "But they’re a bit brutal. Carlos [Sainz] is a great example. Daniel [Ricciardo] had already proven how good he was but he chose to leave. JUST IN: Mercedes' 'major upgrade' will be like music to Lewis Hamilton and George Russell's ears  "[Sebastian] Vettel left. Max is a great story and someone that they found. [Alex] Albon, [Pierre] Gasly. Gasly looks like a hell of a driver. "They move through a lot of drivers." He did however outline world champion Verstappen as the only anomaly in the ‘brutal’ system. Brown added: “If you look at Red Bull's history other than Max [Verstappen], they have let a handful of great drivers slip through their hands.” DON'T MISS One man he was extremely surprised to see leave the Red Bull setup was Pato O'Ward, who was dropped by the team’s junior driver programme after just six months, before joining McLaren’s IndyCar setup. Discussing his departure the McLaren CEO said: “He definitely slipped through the cracks. "I think Red Bull, while he was there, they only gave him about three races [in F2 and Super Formula].” Despite his admiration for O’Ward, Brown acknowledged there is currently no space for the Mexican to join McLaren's F1 setup. He commented: “Right now we don't have any seats available. Lando [Norris] is under a very long-term contract. “So that seat's done. Daniel, we have another couple of years with. So there is no imminent seat available. "Other than that, I'm not a believer that you have to be 18 to enter Formula 1. Some people believe, okay, [if you're] 22, you're getting old. I don't think that's case at all. "I think [it makes sense] to just get Pato some seat time because you never know, a driver gets injured or gets COVID, stranger things have happened. But what we won't do is compromise the IndyCar team at all."