Fans of Clarkson’s Farm lined up in droves to visit the Diddly Squat farm shop as it reopened for business at the weekend. Cars were seen queuing for some distance at the entrance to the farm while people patiently waited in the mud to enter the store. Series two of the popular Amazon Prime show is scheduled to begin later this year and people were eager to get a taste of ‘cow juice’ despite the wet weather. Last year crowds also caused fury among locals at Christmas time at the location in Chadlington when they descended on the farm causing traffic jams, the Mail reported. The shop has been closed for several months after West Oxfordshire District Council decided the wrong kind of material was used in the roof tiles. While shoppers braved the elements there was no sign of Jeremy Clarkson himself however. READ MORE: Abandoned BMW dealership full of classic cars discovered 61 year-old Clarkson is busy filming for his other Amazon show, The Grand Tour with former Top Gear hosts Richard Hammond and James May. Clarkson’s Farm has been a huge hit since it was first broadcast in June last year. The show focuses on Clarkson’s attempt to run the farm that takes up some 1,000 acres of Cotswolds countryside. It has spawned two additional businesses, ‘Curdle Hill Juice’ and ‘Curdle Hill Wholesale’. DON'T MISSAndy Burnham calls for car tax U-turn after Clean Air Zone backlash [INSIGHT]Major diesel changes are an 'absolute mess' with ban just weeks away [SHOCKING]Eyesight checks could be expanded by DVSA under new proposals [WARNING] Customers seemed happy with the produce on offer and tucked into meals made with some of the meat produced on the farm. One customer, Tom Savage, said: “I can’t wait to taste your meat. And the sprouts [are] the most expensive I have ever payed (sic) for.” Another, Jon Goodall, said: “Felt a bit bad about eating some of the cast, but they did taste delicious.” While ‘Roy’ said: “The milk is gorgeous and the pork wasabi sausages with freshly smoked garlic is delish! Thanks Jezza, highly recommend.” January this year saw Clarkson facing a backlash among locals over his plans to expand his farm, with more than 50 objections registered with the council. The plans were rejected, which Clarkson described as “a very bad day for farming”. There were fears over increased traffic in the village if the proposed café and a 70-space car park were approved. The TV presenter had also hoped to convert a lambing shed built in 2020 after buying a new flock of sheep to expand the farm business. It has now been merged with another local farmer's flock. Documents state that the building has since been used, without planning permission, as a cafe and a bar area, according to the Mail. Clarkson lives on the site with his Irish girlfriend Lisa Hogan. This week he told how he was stranded with her in a pub car park on a date when he couldn’t work out the hi-tech controls of a new Maserati.