Erik ten Hag has told Manchester United he wants a say on the club's future signings alongside Ralf Rangnick - should he land the role, according to reports. The Ajax boss is now believed to be in a two-horse race with Mauricio Pochettino for the hot-seat after the pair were both interviewed by United's football director John Murtough and director of football Darren Fletcher. Ten Hag is understood to have made an impression but United are yet to commit to any formal decision over their new boss. Instead, the 52-year-old Dutch tactician will be patiently waiting for an answer as he prepares to welcome his international players back at Ajax. According to Fabrizio Romano, Ten Hag has been clear that he wants a say on the club's transfer business if he is to land the position. United are renowned for wasting bundles of cash and Ten Hag allegedly wants to move away from United's mistakes of the past. READ MORE: Man Utd and Ajax 'have already discussed' Erik ten Hag announcement and compensation fee Instead, he has a clear vision and plan to take United back to the top with the help of a clear footballing structure. Romano told FIVE: "Ten Hag is a manager that from what I'm told during the interview with Man United, he wanted to make sure that they want to back him. "At Manchester United, he wants to be the man that decides together with the board and together with Rangnick - but with his own ideas - the signings that they will do. "It's not about signing Donny van de Beek and never playing him for two years, for example. READ MOREMohamed Salah and Egypt targeted with lasers by Senegal fans in World Cup play-off deciderSadio Mane sends Senegal to World Cup as Liverpool team-mate Mo Salah skies penaltyAjax director shines light on Erik ten Hag mindset after completing Man Utd interview "It's important to protect and trust the players you will sign. "At the moment that is something that is missing but to Ten Hag it's more than important." Interim boss Rangnick is set to move upstairs into a consultancy role at the end of the season. The German will then have an influence on the inner workings of the football club - including their transfer business. There has already been some suggestion Ten Hag could look to target his Ajax winger Antony if he was successful. Although United are yet to commit to appointing Ten Hag, they have been sounding out some of the financial elements of any potential deal. Ajax granted United permission to speak with their manager earlier in the month and the Dutch giants have been fully compliant throughout the process. There is an appreciation in Amsterdam that Ten Hag is unlikely to remain at the club beyond this season - with two other teams also interested in his services. United would have to fork out around £4million in compensation to free him from his contract.