The Rear Admiral accused Joe Biden of showing his hand to Vladimir Putin by announcing the US Army would not intervene in Ukraine. Chris Parry did not question the failure to commit troops but denounced the announcement of Mr Biden's position for losing the United States and its allies the advantage of the element of surprise. Speaking to LBC, the Rear Admiral said: "One thing you never do is tell your enemy about your intentions. "It's crazy, I'm afraid they did it in 2014 under Obama, they said there'd be no military response. "Even if you don't intend a military response, you've got to keep your enemies guessing. "To have the world's leading superpower led like that is disgraceful. It puts the rest of us in danger." Mr Parry branded Joe Biden's blunder as "ludicrous" and accused him of playing in the hands of Vladimir Putin and Xi Jinping. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG He continued: "Once you cross the border, that sovereignty is breached, there's no question about that. "I'm afraid the time has come to say that we have the president of the leading country of the free world who keeps messing up his statecraft. "And I don't know if the people around him are making him say this but it's ludicrous. "And it's putty in the hands of people like Putin and Xi Jinping." READ MORE: Putin on brink: 'Symbolic' move to hammer in final nail of dictatorship: 'Massive impact' President Biden this week said the G7 industrial powers would revoke Russia's "most favoured nation" trade status. Biden banned US imports of Russian seafood, alcohol, and diamonds. Washington sanctioned more oligarchs and elites, including board members of Russian banks, and a dozen lawmakers. DON'T MISS Musk humiliates Putin after Russia threaten to block US from old tech [REPORT] EU masterplan to CUT Russia's gas tipped to 'backfire' [INSIGHT] How to live longer: Scientists REVERSE ageing in elderly mice [REVEAL] President Biden also criticized voices in the United States clamoring for an active US military presence in Ukraine or American backing of a "no-fly zone" to protect Ukrainians from Russian forces. He told Democrats in Philadelphia: "The idea that we're gonna send in offensive equipment and have planes and tanks and trains going in with American pilots and American crews ...that's called World War 3, OK? Let's get it straight here, guys. Mr Biden insisted "we will defend every inch of NATO territory, every single inch," including NATO members bordering Russia. "Granted, if we respond it is World War Three, but we have a sacred obligation on NATO territory ... although we will not fight the Third World War in Ukraine."