The outspoken broadcaster took to Twitter to retweet a post by US magazine People with their front page which read: "Royal tour controversies." The caption of the post added: "Prince William and Kate Middleton under pressure as they face backlash on their first Caribbean tour." Mr Morgan tweeted: "Actually, despite the best efforts of your beloved Sussexes to smear the Royal Family as a bunch of nasty racists, they’ve been received with great warmth and joy." It comes as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have faced several protests during their eight-day Caribbean tour, which started in Belize last Saturday and is now in its second leg in Jamaica. But the couple have also been warmly welcomed as they carry out royal engagements as part of their tour marking the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. William and Kate delighted Belize crowds as they showed off their dancing skills during a visit to a village on Sunday. Local organiser Laura Cacho, who boogied with the future king, said about the couple: "They were shaking their waists like nobody's business." And during a visit to Trench Town in Jamaica on Tuesday, William received an excited reaction as he played with England and Manchester City striker Raheem Sterling in a match with local young footballers. Dozens of locals stood behind a wire fence to watch the sporting spectacle unfold and others sat on roofs to get a better view. There were screams of delight and rapturous applause as the royal attempted to keep up with Kingston-born Sterling. READ MORE: Royals to act on Jamaica protests and address royal rebellion Later William and Kate travelled to reggae legend Bobb Marley's home and now a museum, and played drums with some musicians in the courtyard where Jamaica's biggest superstar learned to perform. There was mass hysteria in the neighbourhood as the couple were mobbed by crowds who chanted: "We love you, we love you" as they walked to Trench Town Culture Yard and Museum in Jamaica's capital. It comes after Kate and William arrived in Jamaica to be met by a protest calling for reparations from the British monarchy. DON'T MISSPOLL: Is Commonwealth waiting for Queen to die to oust royals? [POLL]Demands for slavery apology  [INSIGHT]Most shocking thing about Jamaica republic calls is British response [COMMENT] The couple will celebrate the culture and history of the island where there have been calls from politicians in recent years for Jamaica to drop the Queen as head of state and become a republic, and for a formal acknowledgement of slavery. Anti-colonial sentiment has been growing across the Caribbean against the background of the Black Lives Matter movement, which has inspired many around the globe to campaign for equality. Protesters gathered outside the British High Commission in Jamaican capital Kingston, with one placard held by a little girl reading: "Kings, Queens and Princesses and Princes belong in fairytales not in Jamaica!" A royal source said the Duke was aware of the protests and was expected to acknowledge the issue of slavery in a speech on Wednesday night during a dinner hosted by the Governor General of Jamaica. The Cambridges' tour got off to a rocky start when they cancelled a visit to a Belize farm amid opposition from local residents. 