Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich saw his assets frozen, transactions with UK individuals and businesses prohibited, a travel ban, as well as transport sanctions imposed by the UK Government earlier in March. The European Union followed suit, imposing sanctions as his “privileged access to the [Russian] president” helped him to maintain his “considerable wealth”. The crippling sanctions imposed have severely impacted Abramovich’s business ventures, including control over the sale of Chelsea. Abramovich announced his plan to sell Chelsea on March 2, the club the Russian billionaire has owned since 2003, as it was "in the club’s best interest" to do so, during Russia’s ongoing invasion of Ukraine. He said the net profits from the sale would be donated to a charitable foundation that would benefit the "victims of the war in Ukraine". READ MORE: Ukrainian protesters targeted Roman Abramovich's £400m superyacht However, by March 10, the Government went ahead with sanctioning the Russian oligarch - freezing his assets - which had a knock on effect on Chelsea ticket sales [Express link], as was its pending sale, as well as any income derived from the club, including ticket sales, merchandising and broadcasting rights. Abramovich has since also been forced into selling several of his central London properties, amongst a number of other assets. So where is he now and what are his next moves? Abramovich is said to have been photographed in a VIP lounge at Ben Gurion airport in Tel Aviv, Israel airport on Monday. Although, on Tuesday morning, The Sun reported the Russian billionaire’s £460 million yacht was seen by local media to be cruising the seas, with Turkey being its highlighted destination. However, that information was said to have been ‘suspiciously’ removed, with the yacht since being located just off the coast of Albania, occupying a status of "awaiting orders", according to Refinitiv ship tracking data. DON'T MISSFour free agents new Chelsea owners can target with transfer limits [ANALYSIS]Ukrainian protesters try to block Roman Abramovich's luxury yacht [PHOTOS]Chelsea ‘getting stronger’ says Thomas Tuchel despite takeover drama [QUOTES] Abramovich has reportedly opened talks to buy a new football club, despite still being in the process of selling Chelsea. According to Turkish publication Fanatik, Abramovich was keen to remain within the football industry, having reportedly started negotiations to buy Goztepe; a club holding a firm position in the Turkish football league, Super Lig. The club is known for its large, passionate fanbase holding a fierce rivalry with Karsiyaka - branded 'one of the fiercest' rivalries in the entire world. Currently positioned 18th in the Super Lig, this is an interesting choice for Abramovich, going from successful Premier League club Chelsea. Despite being a member of NATO, Turkey is currently not applying sanctions to Russians. The country has remained neutral throughout the Russia-Ukraine conflict in a move to mediate between the two nations.