Swoon revealed how people should style their homes based on their star sign. A study found that on average, water signs (Pisces, Scorpio, and Cancer) are more thoughtful in their purchasing habits, and fire signs (Aries, Leo and Sagittarius) are the most impulsive Experts are Swoon said: "It will come as no surprise to you that you are courageous and daring in everything that you do – and your personal interior style is no different. You love to be loud and proud, with bold colours and opulent designs at the forefront of every room. "Take a walk on the wild side and try out bold, graphic pieces such as the bright blue Ellsworth sideboard. This contemporary piece oozes confidence (just like you) and allows you to conceal away the clutter that you mount up during your creative phases." Whilst Taurus' soft and soothing personality can often feel like a warm hug, sometimes they need a little TLC too. A cosy bedroom full of soft furnishings and romantic lighting is their cup of tea. Swoon's recommendation is to "treat yourself to the ultimate comfort – you deserve it! The Kipling King Size Ottoman Bed in Oatmeal will help you sleep easy, whilst appealing to your rustic tastes. Adorn your new dream palace with a super soft blanket such as the Niki Jones Velvet Linen Throw in the shade Oyster, and cuddle up for a relaxing night of Netflix binging." Geminis are always the life of the party – and their interior style should always reflect this. The interior experts said: "Your social spaces tend to be colourful, quirky and artistic, always making an extra effort to ensure everybody is having a good time. What better way to share the love than with a super stylish drinks trolley? The Hansel is the ultimate piece to gather your friends around and concoct a creative combination of ingredients together." READ MORE: Red Nose Day 2022: Where can you buy a red nose this year?  "You’re known to be one of the most emotional and nostalgic signs on the zodiac, and this is clear through your interior choices. Gallery walls full of memories, boxes full of concert tickets and cinema stubs – you could almost say you’re a hoarder. "To keep all of those precious memories safe, we think you should invest in a classy cabinet such as the Fresco. This stylish mango wood storage option hosts an ample space for your endless collections," Swoon explained. It's no surprise that Leo's style fortune is based around the glitz and glamour they love. The experts shared their decor advice: "Luxurious is your middle name, and that’s why we would recommend storing all of your treasures in the worthiest of chests, the Ziggy. This contemporary sideboard will appeal to all of your flashy tendencies, whilst also providing the function and order that you crave. It’s the very best of both worlds. Pair your new gold sideboard with a complimentary statement chair – in the colour of your birthstone!" Virgos love minimalism interiors. Decor experts said: "Re-ignite your natural love for the outdoors by incorporating raw materials into your spaces with the Tammy mango wood side table. This sculptural piece reflects your natural affinity towards organic yet contemporary designs – and satisfies your need for organisation too. Don’t say we never treat you!"  Libras are indecisive and it is difficult for them to choose a specific home aesthetic. "We know you love clashing colours and styles, so why not invest in the simple and crisp lines of the Aravali drinks trolley? This Deco design trolley speaks to both your bubbly and understated sides, providing the perfect balance to your social space. The stunning white marble resembles your Opal birthstone, and contrasts with the magnificent green accents, too." Experts at Swoon explained: "Your sign tends to be the most houseproud of the zodiac, and also one of the most thoughtful. This means that you meticulously plan your interiors, down to the last doorknob. You’re an accessory lover, for sure, and you always try to co-ordinate dark and bold pieces together. "With that in mind, the Pero black metal and leather mirror is the epitome of the Scorpio aesthetic. A little vain, a little gothic, a little modern – it’s all leaning towards you, Scorpio." Sagittarius love to relax in muted colours and open spaces within their home. They are naturally drawn towards oceanic imagery, whether that be seaside tones or driftwood inspired furniture. That is why interior experts said "the Porlock King Size Ottoman bed in the shade Indigo is your dream place to snooze". "With its ribbed headboard reminiscent of the shape of seashells, and its stunning colour redolent of the oceans crashing waves at midnight, we’re sure you will have nothing but the sweetest dreams floating on this divine design." Orange is the perfect colour for optimists; known to promote activity while evoking excitement and enthusiasm, orange is ever positive and bright, no matter what the tone. Orange sofas can work in any room of the house to feel uplifted and stimulated, such as the much sought-after ‘living kitchen’ or a multifunctional living room. Red Red is for go-getters. The most intense colour in the spectrum, red is a stimulant and raises energy levels and increases heart rate, meaning it’s the ideal colour for busy rooms in the house. Red is the perfect seating colour for in open plan entertaining spaces to welcome people. Green Green is the ideal colour for calm, reserved homeowners. A tranquil colour that always comes back around, green relieves stress, promoting a sense of serenity and tranquillity. The ultimate colour for a bedroom seating area, as well as snugs, green’s soothing nature helps to relax at the end of a long day. Grey It may be the colour of the last few years, but a grey sofa is always on trend. Grey will bring an air of sophistication into any room, and adds an adult vibe in communal areas of the home. Pink A pink sofa may not be for the faint hearted, but it is for the creatives. Pink is often associated with kindness and love. Pink adds fun and is the best colour for go-getters, and often makes an appearance in home office seating areas. Likewise, it’s perfect for adding a pop of colour, personality and interest to minimalist living rooms. White/Cream It may be light, bright and airy, but it’s also a timeless classic. A white or cream sofa says 1,000 words. A true statement in itself, it’s perfect for small and large spaces, having just as much impact as a bright sofa. Blue Blue is soothing and unflappable by nature. Great for rooms where you really want to relax, blue sofas help to create a space perfect for those who love nothing more than to pamper themselves.