Instead, the vessels, some owned by Russian shipping companies, were diverted to ports in France, Belgium and Holland to try to unload. Last night, two of the tankers were still frantically hunting for a port as the West's tough sanctions hit home. However the move came amid soaring pump costs caused by the crisis which threatens to grind Britain to a halt. Yesterday prices soared to a fresh record high – with a warning they could top £2-a-litre of unleaded by the weekend. Campaigners are heaping pressure on Chancellor Rishi Sunak to introduce a 5p fuel levy cut in his upcoming mini budget to keep the nation moving as it recovers from the economic ravages of the pandemic. Last night with one pump in Chelsea selling diesel at £2.19-a-litre and petrol £2.18.9p drivers were warned this could be “only the start” with Industry experts fearing diesel could reach £3-a-litre due to the global instability. The latest figures from data firm Experian Catalist yesterday revealed the average cost of a litre of petrol at UK forecourts on Tuesday was an eye-watering 158.2p. The average cost of a litre of diesel reached a new high of 165.2p. RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams said: “The cost of filling a 55-litre family car with petrol is now £87 – £7 more than it was at the start of the year.” As fuel prices rose at a rate of 5p per day, former Communities and Local Government Secretary Robert Jenrick, 40, admitted that this crisis coupled with the cost of heating a home and rising food prices, it could be “the most difficult economic year we've seen in my lifetime”. Boris Johnson said the impact of sanctions on the nation’s wallets would be “worth it” to defeat "repugnant" Vladimir Putin — but backbenchers are demanding a reprieve for drivers. Experts say the decision this week by the UK and USA to refuse to buy any more Russian oil – and companies such as Shell joining the pledge – mean’s the price of crude oil is not only likely to continue to soar – but will also remain high for a significant period of time. Meanwhile the EU says it will move away from its reliance on Russian fuel, slashing usage by two thirds by the end of the year. The Kremlin previously pocketed $100bn-a-month which has helped finance the $15bn-a-day invasion of Ukraine. But with the price of a barrel of oil now up to around $125 – up $25 in less than a fortnight - it is currently making even more money for Putin despite the growing bans. And industry experts believe the Russian fuel turned away in tankers from Britain could still end up in the UK because it could be put on a new ship or pumped under the Channel. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said: “We need to stem the flow of Putin's gas and oil blood money from funding his war machine so I think it's right to cut off their oil”. Now campaigners are urging Mr Sunak to ease the burden by slashing fuel duty by 5p in his mini-Budget on March 23. Campaigners FairFuelUK say the extra £2billion VAT generated by soaring fuel prices over the last year "is more than enough to give drivers some respite". But the Chancellor had hoped the windfall would help pay back some of the huge debts run up by initiatives such as the furlough scheme during lockdown and also help keep inflation in check. The Bank of England was expecting inflation to peak at 7.25 percent in April – but economists now think it could hit 8.7 per cent. That would be the sharpest rise in the cost of living since May 1982. And the CEBR thinks it could remain above 7 percent into 2023. It has also halved its forecasts for economic growth this year from 4.2 per cent to 1.9 percent, which would wipe £51.4billion off the UK's potential gains. Forecasts for next year have been revised down, too, from 2 percent to zero percent, shaving off another £42.5billion. The CEBR believes the economy will shrink for three-quarters of 2023, tipping the UK into recession. Its deputy chairman Douglas McWilliams said: “The economy will effectively be on a partial wartime footing as we reduce our dependence on Russian oil and we work with Europe to reduce dependence on Russian gas.”