Footage of Red Bull team principal Christian Horner raging after Lewis Hamilton won the 2021 British Grand Prix has been published on Netflix's hit series Drive to Survive after the new season was released on Friday. Max Verstappen led the standings by 33 points prior to the race at Silverstone in July, and a tough battle was set to ensue as the Dutchman looked to extend his lead at the top of the Drivers' Championship standings in Northamptonshire. Having come first in qualifying, the Belgium-born star was looking to win his sixth race from a possible 10. But with Hamilton placing second on the grid, the duo collided on the first lap with Hamilton aiming to edge ahead of the Dutchman. Verstappen was unable to continue, leaving Hamilton to cruise to victory ahead of Charles Leclerc, and the Brit ultimately wasn't penalised for the crash. JUST IN: Max Verstappen raged at Drive to Survive: 'Don't like it'  And footage has been released of Horner fuming after Hamilton broke through a metal fence to go and celebrated with his home supporters. "It's a tough moment," Horner said on Drive to Survive. "I'm absolutely furious. It's our biggest rival that has created the accident and there he is jumping up and down. "It's like fine, ok. You can play all the games you want, we are not going to be bullied into submission here, we are in this fight. "It is all to play for." DON'T MISS  Ultimately, Verstappen had the last laugh after his controversial title win on the final day of the season. Hamilton was 10 seconds ahead of the Dutchman when Williams driver Nicholas Latifi crashed with just five laps to go. A safety car was deployed, giving Verstappen the chance to pit for new tyres and catch-up to the seven-time world champion within just a few seconds.  FIA director Michael Masi then allowed the 24-year-old to unlap the cars in between himself and Hamilton in Abu Dhabi, giving him a clear shot at the title and ultimate victory. However, Red Bull could not secure the Constructors' Championship as Mercedes driver Valtteri Bottas finished ahead of Sergio Perez in the standings. The new season gets underway in Bahrain on March 20. 