Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer has refused to outline how he would address the threat of Russian chemical warfare. Sir Keir dodged questions from LBC host Nick Ferrari when asked where the ‘red line’ would be for stronger UK intervention in the crisis. While the UK has currently taken defensive measures against Russia, such as financial sanctions, in line with NATO guidance, the assault on Ukraine continues.  As Vladimir Putin’s violent attack intensifies, it remains unclear what further intervention Mr Starmer would support in order to protect vulnerable Ukrainian civilians. Mr Ferrari was persistent in his questioning of Sir Keir, asking for the Labour Leader’s personal ‘red line’ in the conflict. The "red line" described by Mr Ferrari referenced the Opposition Leader's personal boundaries which, should they be crossed by Putin, would justify a greater response to the Ukraine conflict by the UK government. Mr Ferrari appeared to agitate Sir Keir as his responses became rather deflective. A frustrated Sir Keir said: "I get pushed the whole time in studios.  "What about chemical weapons? What about nuclear weapons? I don’t think the what-ifs in the conflict are the right way to approach this." In a statement to Parliament last week, Sir Keir pledged opposition support for further measures against Russia. However, the Labour leader remained reluctant to discuss his own intervention boundaries with the LBC presenter. Mr Ferrari continued to push, asking if the use of chemical weapons would cross Sir Starmer’s ‘red line’. Read More: ‘We won’t destroy ourselves’ Hungary’s Orban hits back at Zelensky   While Starmer agreed that the use of such weapons would be "a serious escalation of the situation, he didn’t explain how his approach to the conflict would react to this. Sir Keir dismissed the discussion of hypothetical war tactics, instead simply explaining ‘obviously NATO will have to decide how to respond’. Last week, the Labour leader called for the "hardest possible sanctions" to be taken against Putin’s regime. Don't Miss: Putin takes thousands of desperate refugees hostage [VIDEO]Keir Starmer savages Joe Biden over 'not helpful' quips at Russia [VIDEO]Starmer desperately wooing donors to save Labour funding blackhole [REVEAL] He reinforced this statement in a discussion with Mr Ferrari. To tackle the Russian invasion, Sir Keir explained ‘we need to de-escalate and find a way that reduces the aggression and deals with the invasion’. However, despite a grilling from Mr Ferrari, the Labour leader failed to outline exactly what actions by Putin would justify further intervention.