In his Spring Statement, Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced the Household Support Fund will be doubled “to help the most vulnerable households with rising costs”. The fund, which was originally pinned at £500 million, now totals £1 billion. Mr Sunak said on March 23: “The Government is also providing an additional £500 million for the Household Support Fund from April, on top of the £500 million already provided since October 2021, bringing total funding to £1 billion.” Local authorities will receive the extra funding from April. Announcing the new measures last year, work and pensions minister Therese Coffey said: “Our targeted Household Support Fund is here to help those vulnerable households with essential costs as we push through the last stages of our recovery from the pandemic.” Mr Sunak added: “Our new Household Support Fund will provide a lifeline for those at risk of struggling to keep up with their bills over the winter, adding to the support the Government is already providing to help people with the cost of living.”  READ MORE: Pensioner explains simple way she earns £2,000 a month Applications depend on where you live in the country. The fund is being distributed by local councils, and it is up to them who will be eligible for the support. Some councils are distributing the funds to those depending on benefits, whereas some are considering individual applications. You should check your local council website to see their criteria for eligibility and how to apply. The funds are not going to be significant but can help with short-term needs, such as paying for food and bills. Each council can decide the requirements, amounts and claims process for families and individuals to receive their due share. Individual councils may also have different deadlines and amounts of funding that they can offer to claimants, so it's crucial that you check to see your eligibility and apply for the fund as soon as you need it.  DON'T MISSDWP claimants to get big payment rise in 2023 [INSIGHT]Unpaid carers could get £164 a month from DWP benefit [EXPLAINER]Cold Weather Payments could be raised to £500 as energy bills rise [REPORT] For example, households in Durham can get as much as £60 in food vouchers to see them through the short term, and those in Northamptonshire can get £120 to pay for their energy bills. Elsewhere, those living under Barnsley Metropolitan Borough Council could get up to £200 in vouchers to spend at shops including Aldi, Argos, Asda and Currys. East Riding of Yorkshire Council has offered up to £285 per household for food, fuel and clothes. Essentially, exactly how much you can get depends on your personal circumstances and exactly where you live. The scheme was initially due to run until March 31 but has now been extended. Some council websites across the country still have the deadline set on their website as March 31. But rest assured this is only due to not being updated, and the scheme will continue to run after this.