The EU's former chief Brexit negotiator described Boris Johnson’s comparison between Brexit and Ukraine’s pursuit of freedom as “insane”. Mr Johnson told the Conservative Party’s spring conference: “I know that it's the instinct of the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom, every time. When the British people voted for Brexit in such large, large numbers… [they did so because] they wanted to be free to do things differently and for this country to be able to run itself.” But Mr Verhofstadt was having none of it, insisting: “Johnson's comparison of the courageous fight of Ukraine with Brexit is insane… “Brexit was about undoing freedoms and leaving the EU…Ukrainians want more freedom and to join the EU!” Now, Express.co.uk readers have hit back, branding the EU chief’s retort out of line. RoyBoy1 highlighted that Mr Verhofstadt had got the wrong end of the stick. He wrote: “Boris did not compare Brexit to the Ukraine war, he compared it to the Ukraine want of freedom. “Only people who want freedom would understand that.” Deg, who stressed they were “no fan” of Mr Johnson, added: “I read his words as they were meant to be. “His comparison was the quest of Brexit to become free of a dictatorial EU with the quest of the Ukrainians to be free of Russian domination. In no way did it compare Brexit with fighting a real war. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak savaged over leaked plans to cut fuel duty “It is only the likes of the liberal left, near-communists of the BBC who would deliberately distort the words of a speech to make political gain out of it for themselves. What is the matter with them? Do they loath this country so much?” Countdemonet suggested Mr Verhofstadt had fallen for the same trick, joking: “Verhofstadt, like the rest of us, was born ignorant but he has a doctorate in stupidity.” On Brussels’s understanding of freedom, Davedental wrote: “Just remember, EU autocrats hate freedom. They have to have total power over all peoples of EU territories.” DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] They added: “Democracy? The Brussels autocrats couldn't even pronounce the word, yet alone know the meaning of it.” Because of the backlash to his speech, some readers feared the Prime Minster might perform a U-turn on his comments. JeanieJordan wrote: “Boris was spot on in his speech. Where he will go wrong is retracting, or apologising.” They added: “Boris, don’t you dare – your weakest link is indecisively retracting everything the woke and Remainer crowd shout back at! Stick to what you say. Be a PM.”