No one can escape rising prices but one group that will be significantly worse off is pensioners. They could lose £1,500 over the next two years as they are hit by a triple whammy of real terms cut to their pension, rising inflation and the national insurance levy. Although pensioners will benefit from a 3.1 percent increase in their state pension from next month, in real terms they will be left with less money in their pockets. Rising inflation and changes to the national insurance levy will mean that they are worse off as many already struggle to pay soaring energy bills and put food on the table. At the same time almost a million pensioners aren’t claiming all the state benefits they are entitled to. Figures show that there are still 850,000 pensioners missing out on thousands of pounds per year in Pension Credit from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). READ MORE: 10 ways to pay less tax inheritance tax to HMRC   Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said now is not the time to suffer in silence. She said: “Pension Credit take-up continues to inch up but there are still up to 850,000 pensioner households missing out on this vital benefit. “Pension Credit boosts the income of the poorest pensioners and acts as a valuable gateway to other benefits such as help with heating bills and NHS treatment." Charities estimate the average Pension Credit claimant could get £3,000 extra each year in financial support from the Government. DON'T MISS:DWP update: All the changes coming in April for Universal Credit [UPDATE]Rishi Sunak’s National Insurance increase may impact state pension [ALERT]State pension fury as older people get £2,251 LESS income a year [WARNING] Pension Credit comes in two parts: Guarantee Credit tops up weekly income to a guaranteed minimum level: Savings Credit is for people who have some savings or income higher than the basic State Pension. It works out at:  Pension Credit is not paid automatically so anyone who is state pension age and thinks they may qualify, should apply. Whatever happens they won’t be worse off. Nearly 1.5 million households across the UK receive Pension Credit and pensioners who own their own home may still be eligible for Pension Credit. Even if they only receive a few pounds extra per week, it’s worth doing as it could mean they also benefit from help with housing, council tax and even a free TV licence. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Which other benefits does Pension Credit enable? To apply Britons should search Pension Credit on Gov.uk. 