With this in mind, Emma Keywood, Senior Product Manager for Dodl by AJ Bell, has come up with a tax year end checklist, to relieve stress and help people keep on top of their money. She spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk on how people can best use their tax allowance before April 5. She first discussed what tax free allowance is and said: “A lot of people may not know about their tax free Personal Allowance and how to make the most of this at the end of the tax year. Your Personal Allowance is the amount of money you can earn in a year before you start paying tax. For this year, the allowance is capped at £12,570, so if you earn up to this amount or less you won’t have to pay any income tax for the whole year. “If you are a high earner or owe tax from a previous year, your Personal Allowance could be reduced; your allowance will likely be reduced by £1 for every £2 you earn over £100,000 so you do not get a Personal Allowance on taxable income over £125,140. “You can also have a higher Personal Allowance if you’re eligible to claim a marriage allowance or blind person’s allowance. In addition to this, you can claim tax-free allowances for savings interest, dividends, some of your income from self-employment and the first £1,000 of any income you earn from property you rent out. With this in mind, checking the Government’s current rates and allowances every year is an important habit to get into so that you can ensure you’re only paying the tax you need to.” With around two weeks until the end of the tax year Britons need to make sure they are using all the tax breaks available to them, she said.  READ MORE Martin Lewis shares tip on how to make your ‘money go further’ ahead of April price hikes That means for a basic-rate taxpayer every £1 in their pension only costs you 80p and for a higher-rate taxpayer every £1 in their pension only costs them 60p. Ms Keywood continued: “Anyone using a Lifetime ISA can also get up to £1,000 of free money from the Government each year, if you put in the maximum £4,000 contribution. So, if you have some spare cash you were planning to put into your Lifetime ISA and still have some of this year’s allowance left, make sure you do it before the tax year end and claim that free cash. Just be aware that there is an exit penalty of 25 percent if you withdraw Lifetime ISA money before age 60 and don’t use it to buy your first property (or are seriously ill).” Ms Keywood continued: “You need to check you’ve got some of your £20,000 ISA allowance left, and then use your investment platform’s Bed and ISA service, which means the investment outside of the ISA is sold, the proceeds moved into an ISA and used immediately to purchase the same investment within the ISA. “If you’ve made any gains on the investment outside an ISA you may have to pay tax on them when you sell them so make use of your capital gains allowance.” Gains over that amount are added to income and if they fall in the basic-rate tax band are taxed at 10 percent and if they fall in the higher-rate tax band are taxed at 20 percent. An additional eight percent is added to the tax rate if the gains are from a second property. She added: “The annual Capital Gains tax-free allowance cannot be carried forward into future years so if you don’t use it, you lose it. “If you have investments with gains outside of an ISA or pension you should consider whether to realise some of that gain before the end the tax year to make the most of your tax-free allowance.” Ms Keywood explained that people would benefit from setting up regular investing that ticks something off and takes the hassle out of saving money each month. People can easily set up a direct debit that will automatically transfer the money into their investment account each month (maybe on payday) and then set up regular investing on your platform, which will automatically buy the funds or shares they have chosen. Many investment platforms will allow people to start from as little as £25 or £50 a month. “Alongside that, interest rates are still very low, despite three increases in the Base Rate from the Bank. That means any money held in cash is not keeping pace with inflation, so its spending power is being eaten away. “While cash is a great place for short-term savings or money you need quick access to, it’s not ideal for long-term savings. So, work out what you need in the next five years or as an emergency pot, and see how that stacks up against the amount you’ve got in cash. “If you’ve got more than that set aside, think about investing it to generate a potentially higher return. If you saved £200 a month into a cash ISA, earning the current average ISA interest rate of 0.19 percent you’d have a pot worth £24,250 after 10 years. “But if you invested that and earned five percent interest a year you’d have almost £31,700". This is £7,444 more compared to the £24,250 you would have got with the cashISA.