Prime Minister Boris Johnson's wife is often regarded as being one of the country's most influential unelected women. Her life is at the heart of a new bombshell book written by Lord Michael Ashcroft, which was published this week. Inside First Lady: Intrigue at the Court of Carrie and Boris Johnson, Lord Ashcroft interviews a cast of those who know Carrie best, including old school friends and ex-boyfriends. And it includes one story regarding how Carrie narrowly missed out on a critically-acclaimed role in British classic Atonement. The book notes that the film's casting director, Jina Jay, didn't recall Carrie's audition for Atonement in 2006. But Oliver Haiste, who struck up a romantic relationship with Carrie the year after her audition, said the future Prime Minister's wife went for the role that would eventually go to Saoirse Ronan. Saoirse, who was aged 12 at the time, would go on to clinch the role of Brioney at 13. Oliver continued: "She said she was quite disappointed. "She didn't go for other parts after that. I don't know why. "Maybe she realised it was always going to be that type of struggle. I think her mother would have been keen on her becoming an actress. "She used to go to the theatre herself quite a lot, so I think she would have supported her." JUST IN: Carrie Johnson’s historically loyal ties to Labour Party laid bare Eventually, Saoirse would achieve critical acclaim from her portrayal in Atonement, when released in 2007. Among the honours she clinched included a nomination for the Best Actress in a Supporting Role category at the Oscars. While she was unsuccessful, Lord Ashcroft notes that this did not put Carrie off continuing in her attempts at studying the art form. He wrote: "When her A-Level results came through and she was found to have secured a string of A grades, she took up an offering made by the University of Warwick to read Theatre Studies. DON'T MISS:'Misogynist' risks fury after telling Boris to CONTROL Carrie [INSIGHT]Boris must tell Carrie to butt out of politics, says CAROLE MALONE [COMMENT]Carole Malone savages Carrie Johnson's political role [ANALYSIS] "This was, perhaps, a curious choice given the recent anguish caused by her failure to land a part in Atonement. "Without taking a year off, however, she headed to Warwick's campus on the outskirts of Coventry in September 2006 to begin the next phase of her life." Carrie, who grew up in southwest London's East Sheen, appeared destined to find fame for herself, particularly after attending Godolphin and Latymer School in Hammersmith. Among the alma mater of the school includes actresses Kate Beckinsale and Phoebe Waller-Bridge, as well as TV cook Nigella Lawson. Carrie joined the Conservative Party as a press officer in 2009, a year before she worked at the party's Campaign Headquarters, and worked on Mr Johnson's mayoral selection campaign. During the following years, Carrie also worked as a media special adviser for the likes of Cabinet heavyweights Sajid Javid and John Whittingdale. Mr Javid was among those who leapt to Carrie's defence when claims in Lord Ashcroft's book were made public. He particularly criticised the allegation that Carrie's behaviour was "preventing Mr Johnson from leading Britain as effectively as the voters deserved". In February, Mr Javid told BBC Breakfast that the remarks made were "undignified and unfair". He added: “I don’t think it’s fair or right at all, and I’ll tell you why. I just think as a general rule, a politician’s partner ‒ any politician, any party ‒ should be off limits. “It’s the politician that has chosen to have a public life... I think the, this whole focus on Carrie Johnson in some of these reports, I think it’s very undignified and very unfair.” Labour leader Keir Starmer also followed a similar line to Mr Javid, noting of the book: "I approach politics on the basis that we should treat people with respect. "Obviously, respect differences of opinion, but I do not go along with the idea that we should drag everybody into the gutter." First Lady: Intrigue at the Court of Carrie and Boris Johnson is published by Biteback Publishing and available here.