The pro-war event was held to mark the eighth anniversary of the annexation of Crimea in 2014. Russia's state television suddenly cut away from Putin, who was using the speech to praise the success of his "special operation" in Ukraine. It abruptly began broadcasting patriotic songs being played at the event instead. The Kremlin claimed that a technical glitch interrupted the transmission of the speech, given at Luzhniki stadium, with a capacity of over 80,000 people. Russian state media later aired the full speech. But that footage showed the Russian leader visibly limping from the stage, adding weight to rumours Putin is gravely ill. Many of those attending the rally waved flags with the letter Z on them - a symbol of support for Russia's invasion of Ukraine. According to i news, many state employees were bussed in to attend the rally. However, some employees at Russian oil giant Rosneft refused to attend as the event appeared to be an endorsement of the war. Speaking to Reuters, one employee said: "We understand that it would be in support of the war and everybody in the office understands this. "No way can we support a war." Speaking earlier this week, the employee said she would use her day off as an excuse not to attend the event.  Another employee added: "I don’t want to show I support this calamity." The sources claimed that the company, which is owned by Putin ally Igor Sechin, planned to bus its employees to the event during working hours. Meanwhile, Kevin Rothrock, an editor at Meduza, an independent Russian and English-language news outlet, posted a video on Twitter showing people leaving the stadium "before the event has even started". He added: "They got their tickets punched, so they can split now." DON'T MISS: Nuclear war warning: World on brink as conflict could turn atomic [REPORT] Ukraine horror: Putin recruits 40,000 'ISIS' fighters [REVEAL] Touching photo of dog carried to safety by family escaping Ukraine war [PICTURES] Earlier this week, state media announced that the show would celebrate the "reunification" of Russia and Crimea. Speaking about the people of Russia and Crimea in his speech, Putin said: "We are united by the same destiny. "This is how the people thought and that's what they were guided by when they had the referendum in Sevastopol. "They want to share their historical destiny with their motherland Russia - let us congratulate them on this occasion, it is their occasion. Congratulations."  Referring to the invasion of Ukraine, Putin added: "We know what we need to do, how to do it and at what cost. "And we will absolutely accomplish all of our plans." Russia's invasion of Ukraine has been condemned by the International Court of Justice, which ordered Putin to halt his seige on the country.