Arsenal are set to be in desperate need for a new striker this summer. Alexandre Lacazette is out of contract at the end of the season and could leave for nothing, which is the same position Eddie Nketiah finds himself in. Arsenal, to some people's surprise, did not replace Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang when he left for Barcelona in January. Manager Mikel Arteta claimed there was no point signing a striker if the right type was not available. Lacazette has impressed at times in recent weeks, despite failing to score a goal from open play in 2022. But, even if the Frenchman does extend his stay, Arsenal know they will need at least one new forward. Everton star Dominic Calvert-Lewin is one player on the Gunners' list of targets. The England international has been hampered by injury problems this season. READ MORE: Klopp's 'proud' message to Rashford as Liverpool 'eye' move for Man Utd star  However, he showed against Newcastle on Thursday night the type of striker he can be for Arteta. Everton grabbed a hugely important three points in their fight against relegation from the Premier League. Former Arsenal star Alex Iwobi scored in the 99th minute on a dramatic evening at Goodison Park to secure a 1-0 win. But Calvert-Lewin's role in the goal proved he is more than just a goalscorer. Iwobi, running in from the right, played the ball into the feet of Calvert-Lewin just over 20 yards from goal. The 25-year-old took a good touch, composed himself and returned the pass to Iwobi with a cheeky backheel. DON'T MISSIan Wright in foul-mouthed Marcus Rashford rant after Man Utd star's statement [SOCIAL]Alan Shearer and six other pundits left humiliated as Chelsea predictions emerge [QUOTES]Tottenham left with egg on face amid humiliating Champions League quarter-final line-up [OPINION]  Iwobi slotted in for his second goal of the Premier League season to send the home fans into raptures. But the involvement of Calvert-Lewin will have caught the eye of Arteta. The Spaniard likes his striker to be more than just an out-and-out No 9. Lacazette has provided seven assists in his last 11 appearances in the Premier League. It was Calvert-Lewin's first assist in the top flight since the 2019/20 season. He scored 16 times last term but failed to set up his team-mates for a goal.  But Thursday night proved he has that composure at pressure moments and could play more to Arteta's style. The goal was similar to that of Bukayo Saka's against Watford earlier this month. Saka, like Iwobi, fed the ball into Lacazette and a backheel return pass set up the England star to score. Calvert-Lewin's contract at Everton does not expire until the summer of 2025 so he would unlikely be available at a cheap price. But Arteta may want to push for a deal more after what he saw on Thursday.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here