Rose and Giovanni took to the stage to perform a waltz to "How Long Will I Love You", and viewers immediately flooded social media with comments about how emotional the BBC performance had made them. Several Comic Relief fans admitted the performance brought them to tears as Rose explained how it felt to "capture the nation's hearts". Following their moving routine, host Lenny Henry commented: "That was beautiful, thank you. "Now, you haven't danced together since you finished the Strictly Come Dancing tour, what's it like to be reunited?" "It's really nice to dance together again," the EastEnders star replied, adding: "Because we went through a really special journey, so every time we get to dance it brings back really happy memories. "And we really enjoyed that. I really miss ballroom so I enjoyed it." READ MORE: Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? Lenny asked: "Rose, you've captured the nation's hearts with Strictly Come Dancing, what's that been like after the show?" The 27-year-old replied: "Oh it's been really nice, it's been nice to see my friends and family again. "And I have bumped into quite a lot of people in the public and they come up to me, some of them start crying and get emotional and it's really sweet. "I'm like, 'aw' and I start to realise how much I have made an effect on everyone." "You've had a massive effect on everyone in the country," Lenny remarked. "Giovanni, you're a brilliant teacher and proved that dance is accessible to all. "What would you say to anybody with a disability who might want to dance?" The 31-year-old dance champion replied: "I think as Rose showed, disability doesn't have to stop anybody. DON'T MISS... Comic Relief thrown into chaos minutes in following technical glitch [VIDEO]Jane McDonald opens up on touching memory with late father [LATEST]All Creatures Great and Small boss talks filming 'difficult' show [INTERVIEW] "If you really want to follow your dream and really love dancing you just have to go and do it. "And this year has shown how diverse the final can be. "And being in a final like that on Strictly has been just the cherry on the cake. "So [I feel] very, very privileged and... happy days!" Viewers commented on the Strictly reunion, with Twitter user Becky Dever writing: "#ComicRelief2022 Giovanni and Rose you still reduce me to tears when you dance together." Amy Sillett commented: "Awww Rose and Giovanni!! They are so beautiful! Making me cry once again #RedNoseDay." "Rose and Giovanni are always so beautiful," Mollie added, with a crying emoji added at the end of her comment. Cath remarked: "ROSE AND GIOVANNI ABSOLUTELY KILLING ME DEAD ON COMIC RELIEF I STOPPED BREATHING." @ShakyWoon penned: "Rose and Giovanni beautiful and graceful dancing! #RedNoseDay #ComicRelief #RedNoseDay2022." (sic) Comic Relief is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.