The speculation about who will replace Ralf Rangnick in the Old Trafford dugout will inevitably fill the headlines throughout the summer. Ajax boss Erik ten Hag is the latest name to be closely linked with the soon-to-be vacancy, and Rangnick has had his say on the matter. When Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was sacked earlier this season, the higher powers at United opted to appoint a short term option in a bid to buy themselves some time to find a manager who could guide the club back to their glory days over the next few years. Rangnick has steadied the ship at United, but he is only a placeholder. Paris Saint-Germain’s Mauricio Pochettino was linked with returning to the Premier League and many suspected he would replace Solskjaer, whilst Leicester City’s Brendan Rodgers is another reported to be in the frame. But with United director John Murtough confirming that the hiring process is underway, speculation linking Dutch manager Ten Hag to the Theatre of Dreams has heightened. TOP STORY: Man Utd ‘have Ralf Rangnick consultancy doubts’ as Erik ten Hag advantage emerges  However, Rangnick has played down those rumours and revealed that, despite being set to take up a consultancy role at United and thus will have a say in the appointment, he has not been involved in any talks. Asked by Football Daily about the reports, the German replied: “So far, we haven’t at all spoken about that. “Not only me but not John Murtough, not nobody else. We haven’t had that topic in the last weeks and months, since I’ve been here. “I know my opinion but so far we haven’t spoken about that so this is only what I can tell you.” Ten Hag has been at Ajax since 2017 and transformed the club, helping them to two Eredivisie titles and making the team competitive on the European stage as well. When asked about whether he was a keen admirer of the 52-year-old’s work at the Johan Cruijff, Rangnick replied: “I don’t know him, to start with, as a person, but obviously I’ve seen the development that Ajax have took since he was there. “I also know a little bit about his work that he did when he was with Bayern Munich and that he’s one of the top coaches in Europe, it’s obvious, but there are a few other top coaches in Europe. “As I said, we haven’t spoken about any new managers so far and therefore we didn’t speak about him.” The Mirror have also reported that Southampton boss Ralph Hasenhuttl is being considered for the role. Hasenhuttl and Rangnick worked together at RB Leipzig and now that the former is showcasing his managerial ability at St. Mary’s, that could prove persuasive. Southampton are currently sitting in ninth place in the Premier League table and have improved massively in comparison to last season, with Hasenhuttl’s smart recruitment on a limited budget helping immensely. It remains to be seen who will be appointed as United manager at the end of the campaign and whether they are capable of turning the club back into one of the European giants again.