The building society is rewarding existing customers with a cash bonus of £125 when they switch another account to them, while new ones will receive £100. It’s also currently offering one of the best savings rates on the market if customers open a Flex Regular Saver. Britons looking for a new savings account might be interested in Nationwide’s Flex Regular Saver which is offering customers 2.5 percent interest on their savings for the first 12 months. This savings rate is available to people if they make three or less withdrawals during the 12 month account term. However, make four or more withdrawals and the rate will drop to 0.35 percent for the rest of the term. Customers can save £200 a month for 12 months but they will have to be quick as this offer is only available for a limited time. READ MORE: ‘Alarm bells ringing’: Cryptocurrency and pension scam warning Nationwide says this savings account is only available to customers who already have a current account with the building society. However, there’s no reason why people can’t switch their current account to Nationwide and open a savings account straight after. The account can be opened and managed online via Nationwide Building Society’s banking app or through internet banking. There are no monthly fees for maintaining the account. DON'T MISSState Pension: What happens to my pension when I die? [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis issues stark warning on energy bills [WARNING]State pension: Rishi Sunak urged to increase sum to £19,760 per year [UPDATE] It’s not the only bank or building society to offer a cash bonus for switching current accounts. First Direct and Natwest are both offering incentives of £150. Santander is offering customers new and existing customers £140 while Halifax is offering £125. Customers may have to fit certain criteria and usually have to use the Current Account Switch Service. Britons should weigh up all their options before choosing a bank account. While the savings rate could be more important for some people, others will be attracted by a sweetening offer or even additional bank account benefits. Financial website BankRate.com has identified eight considerations to bear in mind when opening a new account. Top of the list is to bear in mind if the account needs to be easy access. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea What do I need to consider when choosing an account?