Tottenham manager Antonio Conte believes he has the perfect response to the way Spurs fans have been treating him recently. The 52-year-old Italian wants to repay the faith shown to him by Tottenham fans since his arrival by winning the FA Cup to end their trophy drought. The fiery Italian is getting used to hearing his name called out by Spurs fans at games but claims he has done nothing to deserve it. But if he can put it right, starting with the trip to Middlesbrough for the FA Cup fifth round, he will. “First of all I want to say thanks to the fans because I think that I don’t deserve after only four months to have this - them chanting for me,” he said. “For me this is incredible. I have only to say thanks because they chant my name and give me a boost every time. “They love me and I would like to repay their trust to improve their situation with the players for Tottenham for this club. “And the only way that I know to repay is through effort and by trying to make our fans proud of our team and Tottenham by winning the cup. “This would be the best way to repay and for sure we are working very hard to make this happen.” Spurs have not won any trophy since the 2008 EFL Cup and it is 31 years since they last won the FA Cup itself. Conte’s success in the competition is more recent - having reached the final in his first season at Chelsea in 2017 and won it against Manchester United 12 months later. Already, though, he can see a path to Wembley. “But at the same time you know when you arrive to play this game and you know that there are only four games to reach the final and you start to feel the possibility to see the target, to see the goal close to you. “It's a great competition and previously I was lucky to reach the final two years in a row. “I’d like to continue this tradition for Tottenham, especially for my players, especially the fans and the club. “But this trophy is not simple or easy and we have to face Middlesbrough who eliminated Manchester United from this competition."