However, the reality seems to be proving hugely different. Suddenly, we could at last be waking up to the truth that the nation elected a politician the like of which we had rarely seen before. Charm, charisma and chutzpah by the bucketload, a "front man" any nation in the world would be proud to count as their own - and crucially someone who can put together and nurture a global alliance and be prepared to stand up to the tyrant in the Kremlin. While the arguments against Boris Johnson have been well rehearsed and well received by many, this could be the time for the naysayers to press pause. Tragically, we have a powerful world leader who appears to be on the brink of insanity. Reportedly even increasingly ostracised by his own inner cabinet, Vladimir Putin now resorts to rambling, incoherent and inaccurate speeches on TV and even seems to relish humiliating some of his key aides live on television. His orders include arresting primary school children who attended a peace rally and a grandmother who lived through the second world war. Ask yourself this: who is best suited to counter that? A preening president from France who is battling to counter falling ratings in his own country? Emmanuel Macron was treated with such comical disdain the last time he met Putin that he was sat in a different postcode from the world leader with whom he was trying to negotiate. And what of the President of the United States? Joe Biden's State of the Union address last week has become the stuff of comedy. The most powerful man in the free world managed to mix up Ukrainians with Iranians - and not even have the smarts to put it right. How do you imagine the deranged, bullying Putin, who deals in inciting fear in any adversary, reacts to this breathtaking incompetence? Having mismanaged the withdrawal from Afghanistan with calamitous consequences, "Sleepy Joe" is now damned with sinking popularity ratings across his nation. And how about Germany? Once the mainstay of the EU it is now in the hands of the new Chancellor Olaf Scholz. This is a nation riven with demonstrations demanding the country expands its army. After decades of (understandable) nervousness over a build-up of military preparedness, it now finds itself facing its youngest generations demanding more of a steely resolve. The world, therefore, is crying out for a leader. What about someone who delivered a hitherto unimaginable majority in a democratic election, a "Houdini Politician" who defies all laws of politics and science and increases his appeal even after his blundering misdeeds, and someone who ensured his nation was the first to be brought out of Covid restrictions. Every commentator worth their salt acknowledges that Boris Johnson has responded in a statesmanlike and sure-footed way in the face of unparalleled Russian aggression. He has been consistent in striking the right tone about opposing the imposition of a "no-fly zone" and has striven to maintain a global alliance. You will have made up your mind about Prosecco and birthday cakes in Number 10, which is understandable. But anyone seeking a world leader at this time of intense need would seem to require a compelling argument to omit the one who led his nation out of Covid. Could this global crisis be the making of Boris Johnson? ----------------- RECENT calls to impose a "no-fly zone" over Ukraine are understandable, but wrong. Not only do they risk the fairly rapid escalation of events into all-out war between Nato and Russia, but their value is unclear as well. Given that most of the appalling damage being inflicted on Ukrainian cities and towns is delivered by shelling from the artillery and tanks, the goal of halting the bombing is unlikely to be realised. Also, to properly impose such a zone it is necessary to destroy the enemy's radar sites and even airstrips. Given the Ukrainian Air Force, which is achieving considerable success, would also have to be grounded, it can quickly be seen that this idea has little to commend it. ----------------- LONDON Mayor Sadiq Khan has said the city stands by fully ready and prepared to host any major sporting event seeking a home in the near future if it opts to boycott Russian venues. Regrettably, in the city he runs it takes over an hour to cover the distance of one mile and congestion is at record figures. Last week, the Underground strikes meant Khan has presided over more strike days in six years than both his predecessors, Ken Livingstone and Boris Johnson did in the 16 years they were jointly in power. Factor in soaring knife crime, and it seems unlikely many will take him up on the offer. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- NEVER one to miss a chance to mess everything up, the Home Office has yet again shown itself to be utterly incompetent - this time concerning the Ukrainian refugee crisis. After initially stating any arrivals would have to accept being treated as if they were seasonal fruit pickers, it then insisted there would be no visa waivers nor special treatment. Fortunately Boris Johnson, showing he is far more tapped into the public mood than many around him, has overturned this mean-spiritedness. Never mind running the "Home Office", this crowd would struggle to tidy up the garden shed. ----------------- BE IN no doubt just how determined the Ukrainian people are to fight off this illegal Russian invasion. This is former Miss Ukraine, Anastasiia Lenna, 31, who has taken to the streets in Kyiv with an assault rifle ready to halt the advance. She has also declared in a social media post: "Everyone who crosses the Ukrainian border with the intent to invade will be killed." If Vladimir Putin thought this would be a pushover, this home-grown and defiant people's army has proved him to be catastrophically incorrect.