James Martin is a well-known face on TV, and viewers will mainly recognise him for his ITV cooking show Saturday Morning. The 49-year-old also regularly makes appearances on This Morning where he cooks for hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby. The chef's passion for cooking started when he was just a 13-year-old following a holiday to France with his dad. However, the chef has admitted that despite failing his exams at school, he didn't want to do anything else but cooking as a career. He went on to praise his college lecturer Ken Allanson for paving the way for him and believing in his ability. He said: "I got a C in art, that was all I got, all I came out with. But I came out with a passion for food really. "I was quite fortunate, I met an amazing guy called Ken Allanson, he was in Pickering." READ MORE: Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star He continued: "He was my lecturer at catering college, and he was the one I suppose... there were several moments in your life where they push you in the right direction. "Not necessarily push you in the right direction but they point you in the right direction. "He was the lecturer at catering college that certainly pointed me the way that I went." "For that, I thank him every single day," James added in the Welcome to Yorkshire podcast. Following his stint at a catering college, James moved to London in 1991 where he landed his first job at Alastair Little in Soho. Two years later he started working as a junior pastry chef at the Chewton Glen before getting his first job as a head chef at Hotel Du Vin. It was then in 1996, the presenter landed his first-ever role in TV on Sky One. He then moved on to feature on Ready, Steady Cook and The Big Breakfast. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street heartache as Abi Franklin flees with Imran Habeeb? [SPOILERS]Judi Dench swoons over The Repair Shop's Jay Blades [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis attacks teen who went to Ukraine to join army [VIDEO] Speaking about why he chose a career path in cooking, James admitted: "Honestly, I was c**p at everything else. "I wasn't very good at anything else and I knew I could do it from quite a young age. "I didn't find it easy but I found it easier than anything else I was doing." The chef went on to add that academically he wasn't very good because he had dyslexia. He said he only realised how severe his dyslexia was when he was reading an autocue while presenting one of his shows. "Looking back I felt I could do it easily," he concluded. "I couldn't understand why people at 14...15...were struggling as I found it easy. "Then you realise it is more complicated than what you were doing at 14, 15 when you go down to London, it's a whole new awakening thing. "The hours don't affect me, I just enjoy it, I enjoy the job."