Ten aspiring designers competed in their first challenge on BBC’s Interior Design Masters tonight to break into the world of commercial interior design. The challenge involved decorating upmarket rental apartments in Manchester. Working in pairs, the aspiring designers took on a living room or master bedroom as well as working together on a shared home office. Home offices have grown in popularity in the last two years, with many Britons working from home permanently. Some people have even moved home in order to gain an extra room, transforming it into a working from home space. Making a working from home space comfortable is crucial in order to be productive. On the show, Richard and Molly were paired together to take on the challenge. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares £1 trick to remove bathroom radiator rust When it came to judging the home office, Head judge Michelle Ogundehin and guest Matthew Williamson criticised their interior design. Michelle said: “Well we can see that there was dialogue between the two of them, that was what this brief was all about, so I will give them a big tick for that. “However, you cannot in a home office put a desk facing a wall like that. “It’s like the equivalent of putting yourself in detention. DON'T MISS:How to create a ‘warmer home’ and minimise heat loss this spring [COMMENT]DIYer shares home office transformation - ‘so easy and fun’ [PICTURES]‘Key’ gardening job to ensure ‘bigger plants’ this summer [INSIGHT] “I mean this like interior basics.” The wooden desk, which had no storage solutions, was also placed right opposite the door. Having a desk against the wall can make the room feel small when it comes to interior design as well as affect the feng shui. Feng shui believes that a doorway is the mouth of the energy coming into a room and so a desk shouldn’t be positioned right in front of the door. The best position for a desk is diagonally across from the door, so upon entering, most of the room can be seen first. The judges also weren’t impressed when it came to the living space, designed by Molly. Michelle explained: “There is something awkward for me immediately, it’s like my eye is bouncing around. “Those greens do not work together, what was the design idea here?” Matthew added: “There is a lack of cohesion, I suspect a lack of experience, it just feels like someone has sat down with a laptop, shopped a few bits and put them in.” The apartment also lacked greenery, something which the other contestants added into their spaces. Alysha Alli, Redrow’s interior designer, recently shared her top interior tips when it came to decorating the home, which included adding in plants. The expert said: “With more of us spending time indoors, bringing the outdoors in through earthy colour tones, such as sage greens and pastel blues, can create a seamless transition between the home and garden, perfect for long hours spent in your home office. “Adding plants to your living space will instantly create a calming atmosphere, while purifying the air and boosting your productivity, to help make your home a more eco-friendly and healthier place to live and work in. “If looked after, plants provide the perfect interior addition and, depending on the plant, can be recycled in the garden should they grow too large.”