  Gordon Ramsay has reignited his war with his neighbours by insisting he “can’t stand” Cornish people. In the wake of his comments yesterday on BBC Radio 2, several Cornish officials have slammed the popular chef.    Gordon, 55, has angered the people of Cornwall once more, after previously coming to blows with them over Covid lockdown rules. Following his on-air rant to Vernon Kay yesterday, even the leader of the Cornish nationalist party weighed in on the on-going feud. Gordon owns property on the Cornish coast, and was initially hit with backlash from locals when he chose to isolate with his family there during lockdown. After previously aiming shots at the Cornish, Gordon once again caused controversy when he told Vernon: “Trust me, I absolutely love Cornwall, it's just the Cornish I can't stand.”       When quizzed on the remark by Zoe Ball's stand-in host Vernon Kay, Gordon refused to apologise and instead doubled down, adding: “I promise I did mean it.” After hearing of Gordon's comment, the leader of Cornish nationalist party Mebyon Kernow, Dick Cole, said: “I am really disappointed to hear Gordon Ramsay's divisive comments and his lack of respect for the Cornish people. “It is shocking he deems it OK to make such a statement that he'd presumably not make about other national or ethnic groups. “I sincerely hope he will reflect on his words and apologise.”     Dick’s comments reflect the government’s recognition that Cornish people are a national minority with their own language, much like the Welsh. Boss of Visit Cornwall Malcolm Bell also hit back at Gordon’s comments. He said: “I absolutely love chefs but can't stand Gordon Ramsay. “Cornwall is a wonderful place with wonderful people.”      However, a spokesperson for the chef said: “Gordon has made these tongue-in-cheek comments many, many times. “Always, very clearly, said in good humour and seen that way by the majority.” Gordon was criticised by his Cornish neighbours after relocating to his seaside home with his family during the first Covid lockdown in 2020. Locals were reportedly angered by his decision to seemingly ignore the Government’s recommendation not to travel, and feared he would bring the virus with him from London.      Villagers reportedly wanted the star to get “the hell out of Cornwall” and even threatened to expose his address if he didn’t leave. Nearby residents vented their frustration in a Facebook group called You Shouldn't Be Here, according to the Sun’s report, with one user writing: “The big s*** should take himself and his family the hell out of Cornwall.” Another said: “Wealthy second homers think making a few quid means they are immune from the virus and any rules. “They are arrogant at the best of times, this has shown how bad some of them are.” Express.co.uk has contacted Gordon's reps for further comment.  