Chris Evans, 55, has shared that he doesn’t allow his children to own or use mobile phones and doesn’t have one himself. In a new interview, Chris revealed that he is not a fan of mobile phones, doesn’t own one and even returned one recently when a friend gifted him with it so he would be easier to reach. The radio DJ decided to give up using his mobile phone in 2019, saying the constant need to check updates “scared the s**t out of me”. The 55-year-old shares four children with ex-golfer Natasha Shishmanian: Noah, 13, Eli, nine, and twins Walt and Boo, three. Chris and Natasha married in August 2007 with the ceremony being held in Portugal. Chris has even said mobile phones have a negative impact on your ability to focus. READ MORE: Piers Morgan left Prince Charles and Camilla ‘completely horrified’ Chris told The Sun last Thursday: “Even if someone says they’re not going to check their phone for an hour, they’re still thinking about when that hour is up . . . so you’re still thinking about it. “It’s the whole ‘don’t mention monkeys, don’t mention monkeys, don’t mention monkeys’ thing.” He also described mobile phones as a “massive time thief”. Chris went on to say that his anxiety is reduced when he is without the device. He added: “I have less anxiety without one, it’s that ping of uncertainty. Phones give you a dopamine hit, chasing what you haven’t got.” This dopamine hit associated with mobile devices can become weaker over continued use, he said. He continued: “If you become overwhelmed with dopamine it neutralises itself in your head, so you have to have lots more for it to have the same effect.” Chris and Natasha have a rule where they don’t allow any of their children to own mobile phones, including their teenage son, Noah. Despite being the ”only kid in his year without a phone,” Chris has stood by his decision especially after Noah was temporarily allowed to use a mobile and download WhatsApp after he turned 13. DON’T MISS:'Shoot anything that f******g moved!' Noel Gallagher on WW3 fear [COMMENT]Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma [INSIGHT]Joanna Lumley left 'unable to speak' after mistakenly eating chillies [LATEST] Chris shared: “Immediately something happened.” The Virgin radio host admitted “there was a bump in the road” and “he came off it”. This must have only made Chris more sure that he had made the right decision by banning phones for his children. The former BBC radio DJ insists that his eldest son is better for not using a mobile phone and praised his social skills, saying: “Noah is different, and a better conversationalist for it.” Chris said that mobile phone use can be detrimental to a child’s ability to concentrate and that reading a book is a better alternative in terms of learning. He added that children are “more present” without access to mobile phones. He also said that he is “happier without” and that he enjoys spending time working, with his family or running instead so he doesn’t “have time”.