On Tuesday, the Duchess of Cornwall marked International Women’s Day (IWD) by hosting a reception at Clarence House. Camilla, 74, invited along 90 outstanding women for her first in-person celebration of the occasion in two years. The guest list included former Spice Girl turned Women's Aid ambassador, Mel B, and Labour deputy leader Angela Rayner. Also, Inna Prystaiko, the wife of Ukrainian ambassador Vadym Prystaiko, received a personal invitation after moving the Duchess to tears last week during a visit to the Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral in London. Camilla also came face to face with her alter ego - the actress who plays her in the acclaimed Netflix series The Crown. Emerald Fennell who plays Camilla when she is younger in the show has earned an Emmy nomination for her portrayal of the Duchess. During a speech to her predominantly female audience, Camilla quipped: “It is reassuring to know that, if I should fall off my perch at any moment, my fictional alter ego is here to take over—so, Emerald, be prepared!” While the joke was clearly meant in jest, it appeared to draw royal fans' attention to Camilla's notably less-than-sturdy stature. Royal fans were left concerned for the Duchess of Cornwall’s health, after noticing the future Queen Consort's shaky hand. Footage shared on social media from the event showed the Duchess was shaking as she delivered her speech, prompting widespread theories over the cause of the tremor. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte spotted in London with dad William on way to party One said: “Nervous tremor. Happens”, a sentiment agreed by another royal fan who said: “[It's] because she’s not a professional public speaker; there’s a camera shoved in her face, and she’s naturally quite shy?” While another added: “It could also be from stress, her hand not shaking holding a glass whilst mixing with her guests, it happens.” A third wrote: "Well could be from age. My grandfather has the same problem for a few years now”. One more said: “It could be something called Essential Tremor. Very common. Mine developed when I was 15 years old." The worrying sign comes just three weeks after she tested positive for coronavirus, and less than a fortnight before her upcoming trip to Ireland with Prince Charles. DON'T MISS Queen to be joined by international guests in major show of support [INSIGHT] Kate 'spends her whole life making Prince William happy' [REVEAL] Harry ‘driving wedge’ through relationship with William [REPORT] During a reception later that day for three women rowers who in January broke the world record for a female trio crossing the Atlantic, the Duchess of Cornwall admitted that she is still struggling to "shake off" her Covid symptoms after contracting the virus last month. She said: “It's taken three weeks and still can't get shot of it. “Probably my voice might suddenly go, and I might start coughing and spluttering.” Her IWD reception was hosted as part of Camilla’s position as president of WOW – Women of the World – which celebrates the achievements of women and girls, as well as looking at the obstacles they face across the world. During her speech, the future Queen Consort acknowledged the advances made by women in Britain since the first International Women’s Day on March 8, 1913. These include equal voting rights granted in 1918, equal educational rights in 1944 and the right to equal pay in 1970. She then added: “There remain vast strides to be made – on the current trajectory, we will need more than 135 years to close the gender gap worldwide – but let us take a moment to thank the women and men who have, for decades, fought hard for justice and equality. “I should, in particular, like to thank all of you for your outstanding leadership that inspires women and girls across the globe.”