Taylor Fritz is aiming for his second-ever ATP title in the Indian Wells Masters final, but must beat one of the greatest players the sport has ever produced to do so. The American comes up against Rafael Nadal, who has been in imperious form at the start of this season and boasts an impeccable record of 20 wins and zero defeats so far in 2022. Beating the Spaniard in any case is always a tall order, but even more so when he is in this sort of form. Nadal will be keen to add the Indian Wells title to the trophy he won at the Australian Open in January, as he flies back up the rankings despite several months on the treatment table in the second half of last year. Meanwhile, Fritz is on course for a career-high ranking thanks to his impressive showings as the home favourite in California. He is currently 20th, and is guaranteed to rise to 15th no matter what the result in the final. If he wins, he will go two places higher and start to breathe down the necks of the top 10. It has been a long road for the 24-year-old, who has a lot to live up to considering his career is following in the footsteps of his mother and father. While they are obviously influences on his tennis dreams, Fritz has also revealed in the past that Roger Federer is also something of an idol. "My parents have obviously had the biggest influence on me. Both of them were pro players," he once said in an interview with Forbes. "My mum (Kathy May) got as high as #8 in the world. So there was a lot of knowledge there to help mould me into the player I am today. JUST IN: Nadal Indian Wells defeat spurs Alcaraz on with defiant response "When I was young, I looked up to tennis players like Pete Sampras, Federer, and (Juan Martín) Del Potro. They all inspired me to play in a style similar to theirs. I played a lot of other sports growing up too. Soccer was always one of my other favourites, so Cristiano Ronaldo was also a big icon for me." He will need to channel the sort of performance that Federer himself has to put in when facing Nadal in a final to taste success against the Spaniard. Fritz will also want to have a better time than he did the last time these two played against each other in a final. They met in the 2020 final in Acapulco – the only time they have ever faced one another. Despite the American's best attempts, Nadal came out on top with a fairly routine 6-3, 6-3 victory highlighting the gulf in ability and experience between them at the time. DON'T MISS:Roger Federer's potential return date as Swiss star's promising updateNick Kyrgios in defiant message after Indian Wells outburstAndy Murray seen with Lendl at Miami Open after rehiring former coach But Fritz feels he is a much better player than he was two years ago. Considering how adeptly he dispatched world number seven Andrey Rublev in the semi-finals, not many would disagree. Ahead of his second-ever meeting with Nadal, he has talked about what he learned from that previous experience. "I felt helpless because just by sending me high balls he was forcing me to make mistakes," the American said. "The worst thing is that I had the feeling that if I raised my level, he would automatically increase his level and continue to impose his authority. "Now that I've learned, I know that I shouldn't be looking to hit winners like crazy against a player like him. His competitiveness is incredible, it's like nobody wants to win as much as him. I know he will fight on every ball." 