The Prince of Wales, 73, appeared emotional during his royal duties this week as he spoke to refugees from Ukraine and Afghanistan. On Wednesday the heir apparent visited St Luke’s Church in Earls Court, London, to meet with people who have fled conflict in their home countries, supporting the work of Holy Trinity Brompton’s work. Charles shared a poignant moment with Veronika Kopylash, who fled the ongoing conflict in Ukraine to be with her father Andriy, who was already based in the UK. The Prince branded Russia’s invasion of Ukraine “madness” as he spoke to the refugees and others at the church. Before the war began last month, Charles observed the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee to commemorate her historic 70-year reign. Marking the anniversary of her accession to the throne in February 1952, Her Majesty announced that it was her wish for Charles’ wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, to be known as Queen Consort when he becomes King. The move provided clarity over Camilla’s future and was seen as a major sign of the monarch’s backing for the Duchess, who was previously set to be known by the lesser title of Princess Consort when Charles accedes to the throne. However, questions remain over which royals will be at the forefront of Charles’ monarchy and whether there will be key roles for senior members of the ‘The Firm’, such as Sophie, Countess of Wessex and Princess Anne. JUST IN: Kate will 'hide feelings' but won't forget ahead of Meghan meeting Royal historian Marlene Koenig discussed how Sophie and Anne will fit into Charles’ royal plans, telling Express.co.uk: “He will need them.” The US-based historian and librarian has researched Britain’s Royal Family for more than 40 years. She said Sophie will provide “the backbone” to Charles’ monarchy and will be a core member of “the older group”. The expert continued: “The same thing for Princess Anne — he’s not cutting them off! “He is not going to say, ‘Ok, Anne you’re not doing it’. “Anne would probably say, ‘Excuse me, buddy. I’m doing it’. “He will need them, and they are the ones who will set the tone and be there.” The Countess of Wessex is married to the Queen’s youngest son, Prince Edward, the Earl of Wessex. Ms Koenig said the couple will be an important part of the Royal Family under Charles, alongside Prince William, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and their children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. She said: “Charles will be old and by the time the Cambridge kids grow up, they will be ready to move into royal duties. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry extends rare olive branch but William rift 'not recovered' [LATEST]Kate Middleton’s 'crippling fear' within Royal Family role: ‘Need to be heard and seen’ [INSIGHT]Do YOU think it's OK for Royal Family to contribute to Andrew's payout with private money? [ANALYSIS] “But I certainly don’t think the Wessexes or Anne will be tossed aside at all. “Especially, as the other elder ‘not-so-much-of-a-statesman’, the Duke of York, would have been. “So, there is a really large burden – although I don’t think they see it as a burden – on Sophie and indeed Edward as well. “They will be taking on more even as they get older.” The royal expert also claimed that Sophie is likely to enjoy a positive relationship with Charles. She said: “We don’t know what goes on behind the scenes, but I suspect that she is highly regarded within the family. “There are no scandals. She is happy to pick up new patronages and go out and fly the flag for the UK. “I suspect Charles likes her, again, because she is down to Earth, and she is dependable.”