Russia and Ukraine will engage in a second round of talks today as Moscow's troops continue their invasion and bombardment of the country. Earlier today, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters a Russian delegation will be “in place” for a new round of talks. Asked about the location of the talks, Peskov replied: "I won’t announce the place ahead of time." On Monday, negotiations between Ukrainian and Russian delegations took place in Belarus, not far from the Ukrainian border, but ended without a breakthrough. Over half a million people have fled their homes with neighbouring countries such as Poland, Hungary and Romania. As a result of the conflict, Europe has been faced with the reality of a full-scale European war. Many politicians on the continent and in the UK have expressed fears over a nuclear attack, especially since Russian President Vladimir Putin instructed his nuclear deterrence forces on high alert. Conservative MP Damian Green has said he is “worried” about the UK becoming involved in a direct conflict with Russia. He told Express.co.uk: "I'm obviously worried, we have already seen that Russia will start a war — It has started a war in Ukraine. "What Putin is saying about nuclear weapons is for show I think, he will know that NATO has three times the nuclear firepower of Russia. “So that's an empty threat in terms of anything he might do to a NATO member. "It's a reminder of why we need the nuclear deterrent, it kept us safe through the Cold War, and it feels like we might be going back into that kind of era." Mr Green went on to describe Putin’s invasion as "appalling". He added: "It's the most appalling act in Europe anyone has committed for decades, what Putin has done. "It is clearly an attempt to reverse the massive increase in democracy that has taken place in Eastern Europe since the West won the Cold War. "Tens of millions of people in Eastern Europe are now free in a way they weren't after the second world war and the Soviet takeover, and that's one of the reasons we are supporting the people of the Ukraine." READ MORE: Putin nuclear threat not a bluff 'Would press button to save his skin' Putin’s nuclear order came during a meeting between the president, the Defence Minister, Sergei Shoigu, and the Chief of the General Staff of the armed forces of Russia, Valery Gerasimov. There, he said: “Senior officials of the leading NATO countries also allow aggressive statements against our country, therefore I order the Minister of Defence and the Chief of the General Staff [of the Russian armed forces] to transfer the deterrence forces of the Russian army to a special mode of combat duty. “Western countries aren’t only taking unfriendly actions against our country in the economic sphere, but top officials from leading NATO members made aggressive statements regarding our country.” In reaction to Putin’s decision, NATO Secretary General, Jens Stoltenberg, told CNN: “This is dangerous rhetoric. “This is behaviour which is irresponsible.” DON'T MISS Russian plane carrying nuclear fuel allowed to land in EU despite ban [INSIGHT] Vladimir Putin’s ex-wife ‘remarried’ to toyboy husband 20 younger [ANALYSIS] 'Unbelievably naive' How Russia-Ukraine war could have been avoided [INSIGHT] The US accused Putin of “totally unacceptable” escalation and made clear that it would continue its support of Ukraine and punitive measures on Russia. As Ukrainian citizens take up arms to defend their country, on Tuesday Prime Minister Boris Johnson confirmed that British troops will not be sent to fight Russians. He said the past week had brought "scenes we hoped we would never see again" in Europe. Mr Johnson added: "We will not fight Russian forces in Ukraine and our reinforcements, like these reinforcements here in Tapa, are firmly within the borders of NATO members and they are profoundly the right thing to do. "It’s very, very important to understand that NATO is a defensive alliance. “This is a time when miscalculation and misunderstanding is all too possible."