Andy Murray has revealed Ivan Lendl has returned to coach him for a third time because he believes the Scot can still “achieve great results''. The world No.88 said: “If he didn’t believe that, I don’t think he would work with me, and I think he would tell me.” The double Wimbledon champion announced last week that he will reunite with the Czech-born American for the grasscourt season. Lendl helped the Scot to his greatest achievements - including all three Grand Slams and the world No.1 spot - in their first two spells together. Murray, who has a wildcard at the Indian Wells Masters this week and then the Miami Open, has decided to skip the French Open and the whole claycourt season to get ready for grass this summer. The two will reunite for a training block and possibly play hardcourt events in the USA before his first tournament on grass in Stuttgart on June 6. Speaking in California, Murray said: "It is about just getting back to playing better tennis really.  "I have had some good results over the last couple of years but the consistency of them has been poor and that is because my level of tennis I am playing hasn’t been that high. "I trust a lot in what Ivan says. We obviously had some excellent results together in the past. It means a lot to me that he is still willing to help me and believes that I can achieve great results. I trust him in that, too. I still feel like it is possible. "If he didn’t believe that, I don’t think he would work with me, and I think he would tell me. So, I am looking forward to it. "I hope there are better results ahead. In the short term, after the Miami tournament I will spend a large portion of time in Orlando, training there, close to where he is based at Vero Beach.   "I will spend a few weeks there and then potentially go up and play a few tournaments. Then go back to Orlando for more training with him. "Hopefully have him around at some of the tournaments throughout the summer as well and training, too, post-Wimbledon. "We will see exactly how long it will be. Certainly in the short term we will get to spend a lot of time together." Unicef ambassador Murray announced yesterday that he will donate all prize money this season to Ukraine. He will play his first match against a qualifier on Friday - and then potentially faces Russian-born Kazakh Alexander Bublick and Novak Djokovic. The world No.2 entered the draw despite American and tournament rules that all competitors must be vaccinated.   Murray, who turns 35 in May, reached the third round in Indian Wells in October before losing to world No.4 Alex Zverev. “It is great,” he said. “Obviously we were here just a few months ago last year. It is always a great place to come back to. A brilliant venue to play in, great weather, scenery is amazing, the facility and everything, they do a brilliant job here. "I am obviously very thankful to the tournament for giving me the opportunity to play here. Yeah, I look forward to it.” 