As spring begins, many people will be planning ahead and looking to prepare their outdoor spaces for the summer months ahead. There are lots of jobs to be done including pruning, lawn care and looking after the decking and it can be hard to know where to start. Leigh Barnes, Jacksons Fencing, has shared “top tips” on the jobs to get done now. Pruning is an important job for spring, although it can be hard to know where to start first. It is when branches or leaves are selectively removed, to help encourage healthy growth. Leigh told Express.co.uk: “When it comes to pruning brushes, plants, or trees, consider prioritising those located near your fencing. “Any which are dead or heavily damaged from the winter months should be removed, to improve the look of your garden and give the healthy plants and trees more room to grow.” READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it As well as pruning the garden, gardeners should be looking after their lawns. To help start the lawn’s spring and summer routine, the expert recommended removing weeds and moss. The expert added: “The summer months encourage extra growth so removing these early will ensure your lawn is looking its best come summertime. “Spreading lawn fertiliser after loosening the soil and raking it will provide additional nutrients and even it out. DON'T MISS:‘Simple’ cleaning jobs with items from the ‘back of the cupboards’ [COMMENT]‘Garden fails’ that can ‘decrease’ the value of your home [EXPERT]The ideal mowing height to avoid yellow lawn - ‘simple advice’ [EXPLAINER] “If it hasn’t rained for a few days after, give your lawn a generous water. “After seven to 10 days you should see some growth. “Throughout the spring months, aim to mow your lawn once a week, and when summer hits double this.” One job, which is often forgotten about when it comes to gardening, is checking the fence for any damage. Over the winter months, fences can suffer. Leigh said: “If it des need replacing invest in good quality fencing supplies. “Cheap, low quality fencing can be easily damaged and prone to rotting long before quality products would be. “Do your research and look for suppliers that kiln dry and pressure treat their timber, and which have a good long lifetime guarantee against rot and insect attacks. “Horizontal slatted panels are a popular choice as they frame a garden wall. You should also be mindful of specially treated gravel boards as these will ensure your fencing avoids contact with the ground, therefore avoiding damage to the fence panels or pales.” According to the expert, decking installation surged during the pandemic as people spent more time in their gardens. It is often quick to install and easier to construct than a patio area would be and it can bring the garden to life. Leigh explained: “It is great for blending indoor and outdoor living which in turn encourages more time outside and it is also very aesthetically pleasing. “Decking has become very affordable due to its popularity, and it is also simple to install. “Make sure it is good quality and, as with fencing, has been kiln dried and pressure treated to enable it to withstand harsh weather in winter. “Again, look out for suppliers that guarantee the timber against harm such as rot or insect attacks.”