British comedian Al Murray, 53, has mocked the royals over a photo of Kate Middleton during her visit to Jamaica. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been enjoying an eight-day tour of the Caribbean. During their time in Jamaica, one photo in particular, caught the attention of the comic, which was met with some criticism. Prince William and Kate were pictured on Wednesday on one side of a chain-linked fence, with Jamaicans on the other side reaching through to try and shake their hands. The picture shows the couple meeting local children at a football pitch in the Trench Town neighbourhood of the Jamaican capital Kingston. Taking to Twitter, Al shared a photo of Kate greeting royal fans where she could be seen shaking their hands. READ MORE: Piers Morgan 'more likely to host Meghan's birthday party' says son In view of his 431,000 followers, he sarcastically captioned the post: “YES THAT’S THE BEST PICTURE YES LET’S GO WITH THAT.” The tweet sparked many comments online, as @LittleG2 commented: "Awkward." Al replied: "Exactly. Who's in charge?" @TrainorHelen remarked: "This has to be made up."  @emmatimeglow added: "Dying of second hand embarrassment." But others pointed out that Manchester City footballer Raheem Sterling, who was also in attendance, posed for similar photos. Moments after the snaps were taken, the royal couple met fans out on the street. Royal experts have defended the pictures adding that they were tightly cropped, and were taken by a football field surrounded by mesh railings. DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty's sad farewell as colleague steps down after 40 years[LATEST]A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton pole dances in Spain after breakup[PICTURES]ITV Weather host Lucy Verasamy issues warning amid 'fickle' prediction[WEATHER] ITV's royal editor Chris Ship also chimed in to defend the Cambridges amid the slew of tweets about the snaps. He wrote: "Can we insert some sense (and facts) into this fence photo in Trench Town? "There was a fence around the football pitch. People gathered to watch the match with @sterling7 William and Kate went to say hello. “Just as they also said hello to crowds in the street. End of story. Move on." The couple arrived in the Jamaican capital, Kingston, on Tuesday. The pair later visited Trench Town, the Kingston neighbourhood where reggae legend Bob Marley grew up, and also took a trip to the Trench Town Culture Yard museum - which celebrates reggae music. The tour is part of the Royal Family's celebrations of Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee year. The couple have since arrived in the Bahamas on Thursday for the last leg of their eight-day tour.