When Apple introduced the iPhone X back in September 2017, its all-screen design was a dramatic departure from every previous entry in the best-selling smartphone series. Apple ditched the Home Button and its built-in fingerprint scanner as well as the large border for the earpiece above the screen. In its place, the Californian company added facial recognition to unlock the iPhone and authenticate contactless payments and a small curved border, dubbed "the notch", at the top to house the earpiece, selfie camera, and more. Since the arrival of the iPhone X, there has been very little change with the look of the handset. With the iPhone 13 and iPhone 13 Pro last year, the design teams at Apple shrunk the size of the notch for the first time – making way for a little more breathing room on the touchscreen. And now, rumours suggest that something much more dramatic is being planned. A leaked schematic shared on Chinese social network Weibo purportedly shows the design of the forthcoming iPhone 14 – and it will ditch the trademark notch from the top of the display in favour of two cut-outs that resemble a ! laid horizontally across the top of the screen. One of these will be used to house the components needed for Face ID (the flood illuminator that shines infrared light on your face – enabling the system to work in the gloom, the dot projector that projects a grid of dots across your facial features to highlight its features, and an infrared camera to capture the image) alongside the selfie camera and a speaker grille. Interestingly, we've seen variations of this design in a number of Android handsets – Huawei has relied on pill-shaped cut-outs to house its front-facing cameras, while Samsung has used a single circular cut-out for its selfie cameras – but never combined together. This is likely by design. While Apple surely wants to maximise the amount of screen real estate available by shrinking the cut-out for these key components ...if every smartphone on the market is a slab of uninterrupted glass with no distinguishing features, it might be tough to tell them apart. The notch was a trademark feature and allowed the iPhone to be instantaneously recognisable – even when depicted in a simple line drawing. It's possible this new design, with its ! cut-out, will provide the same differentiation. Jon Prosser, who has a reasonably solid track record when it comes to forecasting future products and designs from the secretive company, believes the leaked schematic and its unique cut-out is accurate and will crop-up on the iPhone 14 lineup later this year. Some tipsters have suggested that iPhone 14 will keep the existing notch, while the pricier iPhone 14 Pro lineup will transition to this new cut-out to increase the amount of screen available in the same footprint. If the leaked design is accurate, it will be interesting to see how the software teams at Apple use this newly freed screen to offer something that isn't possible with the current notch. Of course, nothing is confirmed until Apple CEO Tim Cook makes the announcement on-stage, so take all of this with a healthy pinch of salt.