The tourists, arriving back from Turin, Italy, say they were stuck on the "sweatbox" plane as the sun blazed in through the windows on Sunday afternoon. Photographs show the fed-up passengers waiting anxiously, some with their heads in their hands, in the "absolutely boiling" aeroplane. One woman said: "We were stuck on the plane for 50 minutes and the pilot was on the phone to the airport continually. It was absolutely boiling. We were all sweating for nearly an hour." Another passenger on the same TUI flight, which had already been delayed taking off from Turin, said: "I am glad I don't suffer from panic attacks or anything like that because it was stifling. "The plane crew seemed to be doing everything they could but we were told there were not enough ground crew to put the chocks behind the wheels. It was ridiculous." Other passengers arriving at the airport say they faced two-hour baggage delays, reports Manchester Evening News. One passenger, who had been on board a flight from Palma, Mallorca, said that, after landing at 4pm, they were still waiting for their luggage at 6pm at Terminal 3. They said: "It’s chaos here. People are very upset and kids are tired and crying." Councillor Pat Karney, from Manchester City Council, said the authority needs to meet with airport bosses to seek improvements. He tweeted: "The reputation of Manchester Airport is nose diving. We all expected challenges as the Airport returns to normality. The operational staff are working around the clock. Manchester Council need to meet with Airport bosses to seek urgent improvements." The airport, a base for Virgin Atlantic and Ryanair, came underfire earlier this month when firefighters were asked to help in baggage reclaim. The issues have arisen as bosses are struggling with staff shortages amid a surge in international travel. A Manchester Airport spokesman said: "We want to apologise to all customers who have been impacted by queues at Manchester Airport. "We are experiencing staff shortages as we - and the rest of our industry - work hard to keep pace with a significant surge in demand for travel after the removal of restrictions in recent weeks. There has been a large increase in passenger numbers following the start of the travel industry’s summer season, and the situation has been exacerbated by a significant spike in covid-related sickness in recent days. "That has meant that, while waiting times were kept to a minimum for the majority of the weekend, these factors have combined to place our operation under extreme pressure this morning. We are doing all we can to recruit the number of colleagues we need to support the remobilisation of our operations after the biggest crisis our industry has ever faced. "Customers are advised to arrive at the earliest time their airline allows them to check-in and to ensure they are familiar with the latest rules around what they can and can’t carry through security. We would like to thank all our teams for their dedication during these challenging times and, once again, apologise to passengers impacted by delays." A TUI UK spokesperson said: "We would like to apologise for the inconvenience to our customers on flight TOM2727 from Turin to Manchester yesterday, which was delayed due to the late departure of the outbound aircraft from Manchester. "We understand delays can be frustrating and would like to thank passengers for their patience and understanding."  