After the storms and flooding caused by Storms Dudley and Eunice a couple of weeks ago, Brits were just starting to get used to milder weather and cloud-free skies. However, today we can expect gusts of 70mph and plenty of rain showers that will last all weekend. So, what time will this cyclone hit the UK today? Express.co.uk has the answers. The weather is going to be unsettled this weekend, with mild, wet and windy spells broken up with some drier and brighter periods. The main issue is the “low-pressure system” moving over from the Atlantic being picked up by an “active jet stream”. According to Meteorologist Aidan McGivern: “Winds of 150mph high in the sky will help to spin up this low, and it deepens quickly, and by the end of Saturday, it will approach southwestern shores. “It looks like it will bring gales to western coasts and there is the risk of some severe gales.” READ MORE- Huge fire near hospital in Uxbridge The Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for parts of the South West of England and the coast of Wales from 1pm to 7pm on Saturday, March 12. This means a spell of windy and wet weather today could lead to travel disruption, particularly in the Isles of Scilly and Cornwall. The warning is stretched out to include more parts of Wales and some coastal areas in Northern Ireland and Scotland on Sunday.  In a statement on Thursday, Met Office Chief Meteorologist Neil Armstrong said: “An energetic, mobile weather pattern is driving successive low-pressure systems across the Atlantic over the coming days. “With high pressure to the east of the UK these systems stall and weaken as they reach us and bring spells of rain and wind together with milder air." The slow-moving feature started moving in from the west on Friday, bringing clouds and showers with it. DON'T MISS...Spain holiday warning: Canary Islands face weather warning [INFORMER]UK weather warning: Britain to be hit by HUGE Atlantic storm TODAY [INSIGHT]Britain to turn white as 4 inches of snow bomb to hit by next week [EXPLAINER] The Met Office site warns Brits in these areas to expect road, rail, air and ferry transport delays, along with some bus and train services being affected. There may even be some short-term loss of power and other services, and routes and bridges could be damaged due to falling trees. Coastal areas will be affected by spray and/or large waves, so it’s important to stay away from the coast during this time. The Met Office meteorologist predicted drier and brighter weather with temperatures of 10C to 12C on Saturday before a storm crashes down overnight.