In a move that could have made accident-conscious hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby gasp in horror, Abbie Quinnen opted not just to watch Dancing On Ice, but to emulate it in her bedroom. Together with a friend, she donned her roller skates and the pair tried to replicate the risky lifts. "I would absolutely love to do Dancing On Ice," she enthused by way of explanation. "I remember when I was younger, when Dancing On Ice was on, I would pop on my roller skates and I would dance around my room and try and do the dances myself. "I actually had a friend who used to come round and we would try to do the dances and lifts ourselves. "We almost killed each other, but it was so much fun." READ NOW: The Repair Shop’s Dominic Chinea addresses 'pressure' behind scenes She added: "It's definitely a passion of mine and I would love to do that show for sure." Unfortunately for Abbie, however, she hasn't been on the ice rink lately. She and fellow dancer boyfriend AJ Pritchard, who was a professional dancer on Strictly Come Dancing for four years in a row before bowing out in 2020, had been planning to get their skates on and refresh some of their moves. "We just couldn't fit it in with my pantomime," she lamented, "and I might break a leg or something. "I don't fancy hurting myself any more than I did last year to be honest." Abbie is referring to a traumatic accident during which she endured horrific third-degree burns trying to replicate a perilous TikTok hack. The flames had been used for cutting a glass bottle in half to transform it into a vase, but the result was an explosion that severely harmed her face and body. However, Abbie assured Express.co.uk: "I definitely have been a lot more careful [since] with everything I do." DON'T MISS... F1 Christian Horner aims swipe at wife Geri Halliwell [DEBATE] JK Rowling sparks backlash after hitting out at Labour MP [INSIGHT] Strictly's Janette Manrara discusses 'pulling plug' on show with Aljaz [LATEST]  She has struggled with the emotional impact of learning that her scars might never totally disappear, and with the discomfort of wearing a compression vest, although she explained that she is gradually decreasing its use as she begins to heal. Meanwhile, when Abbie was at her lowest ebb in the aftermath of the accident, she experienced severe trolling. "Definitely after I had my accident, I had a bit of hate," she elaborated. "I got burnt and people would say things like: 'Don't go around your niece and nephew. You'll scare them to death' and really horrible stuff. "When you're feeling down, you don't want to see things like that." Abbie and AJ have since partnered with We Are 8, an app which aims to eliminate hate and trolling attacks by making it impossible for viewers to comment. Instead, they can simply react to the videos with the like button to share the love silently. Abbie recently uploaded a clip of herself and AJ dancing to a Meatloaf track in the location where they first met, and the app also has the perk of paying its viewers each time they watch an ad, something that the dancer says "blows her mind". Check out the app at: https://www.weare8.com/