Interior inspiration is easier to find than ever, with many posting their homes on social media including Instagram and TikTok. However, sofa and carpet specialist, ScS, has partnered with Holly Herbet, head of content at webuyanyhouse.co.uk, to unveil which social media interior trends can put buyers off when looking around a property. Bathrooms are often an important aspect of a property when it comes to buyers looking around a home. While freestanding baths may look great, according to Holly, they can come with a lot of practical issues. She said: “Freestanding baths are far higher maintenance than normal varieties. You may need to make extra room under your floor for additional pipes and plumbing. “If these pipes leak, they can be incredibly expensive to access and can create bad smells.” READ MORE: ‘Ideal’ method for keeping slugs and snails at bay this spring As well as bathrooms, kitchens are also another important room in the home as they tend to be used a lot. While open plan living is becoming more popular, Holly recommended avoiding a kitchen island if the space is small. She said: “Islands are great in a big home, but space is the main factor for most buyers, so if they make your kitchen look cramped, they can be a big mistake. “If you do add an island, make sure you don’t add mechanicals, such as a cooker, to it unless you’re absolutely certain, as it then becomes expensive for the next owner to remodel if they want to change things around.” DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘cheap’ method to remove shower limescale [EXPLAINER]Flowers to ‘plant now’ for ‘vibrant’ summer blooms [COMMENT]Give plants a ‘boost’ using ‘homemade’ plant food - including coffee [EXPERT] When it comes to hardware around the home, many may opt for gold as it can add a touch of elegance to the property. However, according to Holly, this effect doesn’t last long. She explained: “Gold hardware can quickly look stained and marked, which is very noticeable. It can also be difficult to match it with other features in your home, especially once the gold colour has faded.” Many people love to add a pop of colour into their homes, whether through paint or soft furnishings. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Triangular-painted feature walls, using frog tape to create coloured shapes, has been incredibly popular in the last few years. It adds multiple colours into a room as well as a pattern, adding texture to the home. The expert advised against this technique as it isn’t always appreciated by buyers. Holly said: “Over-expressive decorating, like accent corners, scalloped edges, painted arches or frog tape walls, are all very much to individual taste, so it can make it harder to achieve a sale. “You’re far better sticking to neutral colours.” Painting over original features may also make a home harder to sell because they often attract interest. The expert advised homeowners to avoid damaging them by painting them or doing DIY restoration work as it could end up ruining the original features altogether. Amy Forster, content executive at ScS, said: “Social media can be brilliant for picking up tips and tricks for your home, but it’s interesting to see that many trends actually aren’t very popular with buyers. “Before you dive into the latest craze, make sure you think about what it could do to your home and its appeal. “Weigh this up against how much you really want to add it to your space, particularly if you’re planning on moving, then make your decision.”