Susanna Reid's weight loss has always left fans overly impressed as she glows on-screen. And it turns out she follows a few very simple tricks to stay in shape. Over the years, the Good Morning Britain presenter revealed she dropped an impressive stone-and-a-half, before admitting she fell victim to the second national lockdown "slump". The ITV host said she had then put on a stone since the beginning of the pandemic. However, Susanna is no stranger to weight loss and has managed to shed the pounds in bulk by making small changes to her diet and lifestyle. And the secrets behind it all are very simple. READ MORE: 'Bold statement': Camilla wears purple and green tartan ensemble After interest peaked in her incredible appearance, she explained she was shocked into changing her lifestyle after her doctor told her that she was at the top end of the BMI range for her height. Her doctor advised cutting alcohol out of her diet, or stop drinking altogether as it was aggravating her skin and causing blood vessels in her face to burst – leaving permanent scarring. While at the beginning she admitted that she hadn't "been completely abstemious when it comes to alcohol", she has now binned the booze, even refusing to have champagne on her 50th birthday. DON'T MISS...James Martin lost a stone and a half with one ‘weird’ secret [WEIGHT LOSS]Woman breastfeeding toddler would consider until the age of 6 [HEALTH NEWS]Dr Michael Mosley: The ‘most effective’ diet for weight loss [DIET TIPS] Snacking is the downfall of many, as the calories can wrack up when you're a couple of biscuits into the tin. Determined to lose weight, Susanna started to eat more healthily throughout the day to curb her urge to snack. She said her early morning starts for Good Morning Britain made her hungry, revealing: "It can creep up without you noticing. "I found waking up so early in the morning you’re in a sort of energy deficit and all your body can think is have toast, have biscuits, have calories, and you can pile it on really quickly." Back in December 2018, Susanna made a surprising revelation on GMB after she was gifted a "healthy" hamper by her then co-host Piers Morgan. She confessed that she wasn't working out then, as she found it made her too hungry. Susanna said: "Actually I don’t do any exercise at all. I stopped going to the gym, I found it made me too hungry... "I’ve levelled out, I lost a stone-and-a-half and that’s enough, and I don’t go to the gym." She noted that it's important to follow a routine that works best for you as smaller changes are usually more effective than lifestyle overhauls. While the TV star has implemented some simple changes to her lifestyle, she isn't being too strict with her diet, and said she does enjoy a few treats on special occasions. She told Daily Express: "Christmas always throws a spanner in the works... It might come to Christmas Day and someone pours me a large glass of Bucks Fizz – or on New Year’s Eve I might fancy some vodka shots. "But then again I might feel like I can keep going!"