Louise Minchin, 53, has sat down for a candid chat on her podcast, Push Your Peak, with Strictly Come Dancing star Karen Hauer, 39. The pair discussed a range of personal and work-related subjects, including Karen’s dedication to her job. Louise also discussed her favourite Strictly pairing with the Latin dance specialist. The BBC Breakfast presenter appeared to snub her co-star Dan Walker, who took part in the last season of the hit BBC One show. Louise confessed that her “all-time favourite” dance couple had been Karen with TV personality Jamie Laing. She asked Karen: “Final question for me, who’s your favourite Strictly partner?” Karen said: “Oh, you’re naughty! They are all my favourite. Who do you think?” Louise responded: “My all-time favourite: you and Jamie Laing.” Karen admitted: “I love Jamie. I absolutely do. They know they’re all my favourite.” Louise agreed: “Of course.” The broadcaster’s colleague, Dan, competed in the nineteenth series of Strictly Come Dancing. He was paired with the Ukrainian/Slovenian professional Nadiya Bychkova. The pair were eliminated in week 11 of the series. Elsewhere in the conversation, Karen had given listeners an insight into the hectic schedule of a Strictly dancer. READ MORE...Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [INSIGHT]Phil Collins, 71, sits during Genesis gig amid 'frail' appearance [LATEST]‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence [NEWS] She confessed to being “constantly in pain” with a short recovery between rehearsals and live shows. Karen also highlighted that the audience does not always realise the “physical demands” contestants are under. She said: “You know, one of the things I guess that some people usually do when they watch us dancing, and they’re like, ‘Oh, my God. It’s so beautiful, they look so lovely. You must really love what you do and it looks so easy and enjoyable’. “And yes, it is all of that, behind the scenes, underneath it all, when the lights go out when you’re in the background when you’re in the rehearsal rooms… it’s one of the toughest things I put my body through, the toughest thing that I put other people’s body’s through, as well. She continued: “So, for myself, for example in Strictly time - or even if I’m on tour or anything like that - I don’t really have days off when we’re on Strictly. “You work seven days a week and your brain never stops. You’re constantly thinking… “So not only is it mentally demanding - physically demanding as well. Both of them go hand in hand. “I’m constantly in pain, I’m not going to lie. I’m fit and muscular but most of the time I was exhausted.”