Manchester United consider Amad to be ‘some way off’ the first team at present with the Ivory Coast international currently enduring mixed fortunes at Rangers. The former Atalanta star was allowed to leave by Ralf Rangnick during the January transfer window. Yet he’s struggled for consistency during his time at Ibrox so far. Manchester United agreed a deal to sign Amad back in the summer transfer window of 2020 before landing him permanently in January 2021. He’s often struggled for action at Old Trafford, however, staying behind the likes of Marcus Rashford, Jadon Sancho, Mason Greenwood and Anthony Martial in the pecking order. United let Amad go to Rangers on loan in January. He initially did well, with the 19-year-old netting on his debut in a 3-3 draw with Ross County. Since then, though, Amad has struggled. He was hooked in half-time in their 3-0 defeat to Celtic and has clocked up just 22 minutes of action in the time since - coming on as a substitute in matches against Hearts and Dundee United. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz According to The Athletic, United staff will ‘look with interest’ at Amad’s time in Glasgow. But he’s currently considered ‘some way off the first team’ at the moment due to the ‘physical demands’ that would entail. United are believed to be happy with how Brandon Williams’ spell at Norwich City has gone so far. Yet this ‘may be a moment’ where the club look to make a sale, with Premier League teams likely to be interested. James Garner is expected to be given a shot at breaking into the first-team, having sparkled at Nottingham Forest. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message That said, United may still look to loan him to a Premier League club to enhance his chances of developing. Ethan Laird has done well at Swansea, while Teden Mengi could also be given another loan. However, United are expected to try and sell Tahith Chong - who hasn’t developed in the way they hoped when he was given his debut by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in 2019. Darren Fletcher has claimed Red Devils players out on loan will be given a chance to prove their worth in pre-season. He said: “With Ralf and his staff coming in, and Michael (Carrick) and Kieran (McKenna) choosing to move on, we had a quick transition process, so part of my role has been to assist with that, both on the training pitch and during games. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I guess that’s been the most visible part for me this season, but that’s really an addition to my overall technical director role. “Probably the key part of the role is taking a holistic view of the path for players from our academy to our first team. “That pipeline of academy talent is a massive part of who we are as a club.” Meanwhile, Rangers manager Giovanni van Bronckhorst has opened up on his decision to bench Amad for recent matches. “He had a good start,” he said. “You also know the change in environment for him is an aspect that he feels. “Also the level of playing now. "He played a couple of games with United but only in the reserves so the intensity that he will be feeling in Scotland is much higher. “But you can see his quality and in the game last weekend against Dundee United when he came on, he had some good chances to score a goal. “But he has to develop as you expect for a young player who hasn’t played much across the last months.”