The FIFA World Cup in Qatar is getting closer and closer, and we're about to find out who everyone will be facing in the group stages of the competition. These are the pots for the World Cup draw in full, featuring all 32 countries, and the eight seeded nations. This year's World Cup will be the first-ever to be competed in the Arab world. It's also only the second time a World Cup has been hosted entirely in Asia - behind South Korea/Japan in 2002. ...and of course, Qatar 2022 will also be making history as the first ever winter World Cup. The tournament will be running from November 21 until December 18, due to Qatar's intense summer heat. READ MORE: England boss Southgate refuses to guarantee Maguire will go to Qatar England breezed through another qualifying campaign, going unbeaten in their group and conceding just three goals in 10 matches. Spain, Belgium, Germany, and France also progressed without concern, while Serbia and Switzerland topped their groups. Italy failed to qualify for the World Cup after losing to North Macedonia in the play-off rounds, who subsequently lost to Portugal. Brazil and Argentina were by far the best South American teams in qualifying, and easily made it to Qatar this winter. The pots for the World Cup draw have been calculated using FIFA's ranking. As Qatar is hosting the tournament, they will be automatically allocated the seeded spot in Group A. England is among the remaining seven seeded teams, while Germany and the Netherlands can only make Pot 2. Pot 4 will include the nations with the lowest FIFA ranking, as well as the two winners of the inter-continental playoffs, and the winner of the final European play-offs. The World Cup draw will be taking place at 5pm UK time on Friday April 1. DON'T MISSMan Utd star Fernandes got his determined mentality from Ronaldo [ANALYSIS]Qatar chief fires Southgate warning over recent comments [QUOTES]Mohamed Salah reported back for Liverpool training 'before lunchtime' [NEWS] Pot 1 Pot 2 Pot 3 Pot 4