Beth (played by Lisa George) has been taking a back seat from the drama on Coronation Street recently, with her son, Craig (Colson Smith and his girlfriend Faye (Ellie Leach), being thrown into the spotlight instead as they've spent months trying to cover up a murder. However, the couple were blown away to discover they were going to become parents in recent scenes on the ITV soap in what could be a gift to bring them back together as a couple. Unfortunately, a new theory by Express.co.uk suggests if they both end up in prison, the baby grandmother could be forced to come to the rescue. Friday's episode began with Craig and Faye at loggerheads as the former explained he held some resentment towards his girlfriend as he blamed her for losing his job as a police officer. As she worried their relationship could be over, Faye ended up confiding in her grandmother, Elaine Jones (Paula Wilcox) she could be pregnant. After completing a pregnancy test, the expectant mother was left in a dilemma as she didn't know if her partner would want a baby with her given the tension between them. Just as she told him the news as she was finally ready to clear the air, the former policeman couldn't have been happier to discover he was going to be a father. "Whatever you want to do about us, about the baby, I will respect your decision," Faye said before hearing her boyfriend's response. READ MORE: Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck tried not to ‘break down’ during episode "There is no decision to be made. I want you and I want our baby," the former police officer told his girlfriend, wiping her mind clear of any worry. "I love you and I have done for a very, very long time and yes, stuff might have happened that I regret but I never once regretted me and you," he explained. "But I cost you your carer," Faye eventually replied, to which her partner told her: "No, that was my doing and I am a big lad. "And I've got to own it," he continued before his other half asked him: "Do you think you could be happy with me?" "I could only be happy with you and I've been thinking, maybe I don't have to give up on being a copper," Beth's son replied. "I'm only on garden leave so I could just withdraw my resignation," he continued, with his girlfriend asking him if he would be able to cope. "I was running away from what I had done and I have come to terms with a bit now. Doing good is not always black and white," Craig explained. "If we're going to have a baby to support, it's a chance I will have to take," the former policeman continued, excited by the prospect of being a father. However, it could be going back into the force which causes some big problems for him and his partner in a new theory by Express.co.uk. As he gets back into the world of crime-fighting, he could become dangerously close to spilling the secrets about the death her covered up. DON'T MISS...Former Corrie star Beverly Callard slams soap and dishes on exit [COMMENT]From Weatherfield to Man About The House: Paula Wilcox's TV journey [ANALYSIS]Dame Maureen Lipman: Star turned to therapy to help with grief [COMMENT] With the team still unsure as to who the victim came to die, given his injuries were not consistent with the environment he was found in, they could become suspicious of how much Craig knows about the case. Doing some more digging, they would discover Craig was in the flat and tampered with evidence, landing him in big trouble. Not wanting her partner to be sent down for a crime he did not commit, Faye could finally admit the part she played in the murder. As the truth spills out, the pair of them could be facing jail time as they both perverted the course of justice as well as lying about the case. A trial could conclude they are both going to be paying for their crimes for years to come, meaning their baby would need to be raised by someone on the outside. Knowing his mother would raise the child as if it were her own, Craig could nominate his mother Beth to take custody of the baby. Although she would be heartbroken to see her son going to prison, she wouldn't want her grandchild to suffer as a result. Beth could agree to take on the custody of the child and tell her son she will make sure they know about their father. She would be bitter about Faye as she knows the youngster was the one who got her son involved with the wrong side of the law. Therefore, she would be on the fence about whether the little child should know about their mother or whether she would be a mysterious figure in their life. It is already known, Emma Brooker (Alexandra Mardell), who was also involved in the cover-up of the death, will exit as part of the storyline. This was a huge twist to the tale but seeing both Faye and Craig exit as well as their sent to jail could be an enormous loss to the cobbles. Executive producer, Iain MacLeod teased this when he spoke with Express.co.uk and other media about what was to happen in the coming months. The soap boss said: "The scripts are in the best Coronation Street tradition – exciting and complicated, but also quite funny. "In places, it's really funny, characterful and quirky. But at the bottom of it all, it's something that will trigger a seismic shift in both of their lives going into 2022." Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.