Her Majesty is also “determined” to attend with other members of the Royal Family, including Prince Charles, the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. Royal sources have revealed that the Queen has been suffering from mobility issues and has a variation of “good days and less good days”.  It’s thought that some of the Queen’s Great-Grandchildren could attend but this is yet to be confirmed. Buckingham Palace aides have been working with organisers of the event, which is due to start at 11.30am today at Westminster Abbey, to work out a way the 95-year-old monarch can attend in the most comfort. In a statement Buckingham Palace said that the event would be a celebration of the Duke of Edinburgh’s life including his charity work. They said: “The Service will give thanks for the Duke of Edinburgh’s dedication to family, Nation and Commonwealth and recognise the importance of his legacy in creating opportunities for young people, promoting environmental stewardship and conservation, and supporting the Armed Forces.  “The Service will in particular pay tribute to the Duke of Edinburgh’s contribution to public life and steadfast support for the over 700 charitable organisations with which His Royal Highness was associated throughout his life.” The Queen, who recently recovered from Covid and permanently moved to Windsor Castle, has been involved in the planning of the event. Many elements of the service will be “deeply personal”, according to a source. There will be no tribute or eulogy in order to make attendance more comfortable for Her Majesty, according to Royal sources. READ MORE:All the Royal Family members expected to attend Philip's memorial  The Duke of Edinburgh Award founded by Prince Philip in 1956 will feature prominently in the ceremony. There will also be elements which were banned from the Duke’s funeral due to coronavirus restrictions that were then in place. These include young Gold Duke of Edinburgh’s Award holders and members of the youth UK Cadet Force associations line the steps of Westminster Abbey as guests arrive. The congregation will also sing the rousing hymn Guide Me, O Thou Great Redeemer, and the clergy from Windsor, Sandringham and Balmoral will also play a part. DON'T MISS:  William and Kate savaged in furious five-minute TV rant [REVEAL] Kevin Costner once discussed Meghan Markle’s life: ‘Enough attention’ [INSIGHT] Royal Family LIVE: Andrew breaks cover! Duke spotted  [SPOTLIGHT]  A large group of Philip’s relatives from the German side of his family are coming over and around 30 foreign royals, who had been due at the Duke’s funeral before Covid drastically limited numbers, will attend. Guests include Prince Albert of Monaco, Denmark’s Queen Margrethe, King Harald and Queen Sonja of Norway, and Spain’s King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia.