The UK government’s decision to sanction Roman Abramovich for his close tie to Vladimir Putin is set to hit Chelsea hard, but Thomas Tuchel’s starting line-up should remain relatively intact. Abramovich was one of seven oligarchs who saw their assets frozen on Thursday as part of the response to Russia’s illegal invasion of Ukraine. The sanctions mean that Chelsea have been frozen as one of Abramovich’s assets, with the Russian holding 100 per cent ownership of the club. The Blues have been handed a special licence until the end of May which is designed to allow them to keep playing. But the licence does not allow them to buy or sell players or offer new contracts, as well as a range of other off-field conditions. That is likely to have a major impact on Tuchel’s wider squad next season, with several star names seeing their deals expire this summer. Here, Daily Express Sport looks at how Chelsea could line up if the sanctions continue… JUST IN: Tuchel already has the solution to Chelsea's new transfer issue Goalkeeper- Edouard Mendy Edouard Mendy has been one of Chelsea’s best players this season and will almost certainly keep his place in goal. The Frenchman’s contract does not expire until 2025, to give Tuchel some stability with his number one. Defence – Trevoh Chalobah, Thiago Silva, Malang Sarr Tuchel is likely to be forced to decide on a new-look first-choice back line next season, with Antonio Rudiger, Andreas Christensen and Cesar Azpilicueta all out of contract this summer. That means all three will go, leaving only Thiago Silva as one of the current first-choice centre-backs still at the club. DON'T MISS:Chelsea 'partially laying off staff' due to Abramovich sanctions (NEWS)5 things we learned as Chelsea brush off Abramovich news at Norwich (ANALYSIS)Tuchel's thoughts on Chelsea's transfers emerge amid Abramovich saga (TRANSFERS) The trio’s exit will likely open up a regular space for Trevoh Chalobah who has impressed when called upon this season. Malang Sarr will also likely become the third member of the backline, having enjoyed a resurgence in his Chelsea career this term. Midfield – Reece James, N’Golo Kante, Jorginho, Ben Chilwell Luckily for Tuchel, his best midfield will all be staying at the club at least for next season, with none of them out of contract. Reece James and Ben Chilwell have cemented their places at wing-back, though Azpilicueta’s departure means that Callum Hudson-Odoi will step up as the primary back-up to James. N’Golo Kante and Jorginho have formed an impressive partnership under Tuchel, a partnership that will continue next term. Mateo Kovacic will provide another option in the central positions, as will Conor Gallagher who will return from a loan spell at Crystal Palace. Attack – Kai Havertz, Mason Mount, Romelu Lukaku Much like with Tuchel’s midfield, Chelsea’s attacking options will remain relatively consistent despite the sanctions. Mason Mount will certainly claim one of the two spots behind the striker, though who starts in the second is up for debate, with Kai Havertz currently the preferred option. With Chelsea unable to sell players, Romelu Lukaku’s nightmare stay at Stamford Bridge will extend into a second season, despite the Belgian’s unhappiness with life under Tuchel. Potential Chelsea XI for 2022/2023: Edouard Mendy; Trevoh Chalobah, Thiago Silva, Malang Sarr; Reece James, Jorginho, N’Golo Kante, Ben Chilwell; Kai Havertz, Mason Mount, Romelu Lukaku