Tottenham could be in the market to buy PSV wonderkid Cody Gakpo in the summer - although they may not be the only ones with interest from Liverpool and bitter rivals Arsenal in a £35million move. Gakpo, 22, was born in Eindhoven and joined PSV when he was just eight years of age. Since making his debut in February 2018 against Feyenoord, the speedster has scored 37 goals and registered 33 assists in 125 games - averaging a goal contribution every 110 minutes. Having excelled this season with 16 goals and 14 assists, Gakpo is ready to become the next player from the Eredivisie to leave the country in hopes of shining in one of Europe's elite divisions. And a report by the Mirror suggests that Tottenham are aiming to become the frontrunners in the race for his signature. Spurs and Arsenal are both in the market for a striker given Tottenham's poor back-up options for Harry Kane and Arsenal's frontmen Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both being out of contract in the summer. Conte's men believe that qualification for the Champions League would make them strong contenders for his signature. JUST IN: Chelsea's ex-star Tammy Abraham tipped to be 'next Didier Drogba' amid Roma revival They currently sit three points behind the Gunners in the Premier League, albeit having played a game more. However, with Arsenal prioritising a big-money striker this summer alongside Liverpool and Bayern Munich already having star-studded line-ups, Tottenham believe they have a chance of securing his signature. Gakpo has a contract until 2026, which could perhaps put any potential suitors off a move for his services. But with many players wanting to move from the Netherlands to England to enhance their careers, Gapko could be the next. And transfer chief John de Jong conceded that the vice-captain may not be at the club for much longer. “The interest started early in the season, when he performed well, also with the Dutch national team,” he told PSV TV. “My goal is to keep him for the season at all times. I don’t know how long we can keep him out of the hands of the big clubs in Europe. How he performs is the most important thing. “That [his new contract] says a lot. A nice signal to players in the academy and in this group. “The path that he goes through from youth player to important base player, to the second captain is beautiful. An example.”