Ivan Lendl's return could be the key ingredient to boost Andy Murray back up the ATP rankings, but the Scotsman soon faces his last dance, according to Mats Wilander. Murray has struggled for consistency since returning to action from hip surgery but will hope Lendl can help rediscover his best form in the twilight of his career. Currently 85th in the world, Murray has recorded battling performances and promising results in recent history. However, he's failed to develop them into lengthy runs in tournaments and has been left frustrated and is looking at Lendl for inspiration ahead of the remainder of the 2022 season. Under the Czech's guidance, Murray won all three of his Grand Slam titles, two Wimbledon crowns and one US Open success. The 36-year-old also became world number one and earned two Olympic Gold medals with Lendl as his coach. And Wilander believes that whilst he likely won't be challenging for Grand Slams again, his return to Murray's team can get the most out of his talent. He told Eurosport: "I think Ivan Lendl is not coming back to Andy Murray to help him to win another Grand Slam. I think he's coming back because he sees that Andy Murray is not utilising all his talent. He's not playing the tennis that will help him do well or do better again. JUST IN: Norrie's exciting Draper verdict in Miami as pair seek to copy Murray  "And Andy Murray to me most probably feels that. But what is it? What is it that Andy Murray needs to change? Is it hitting the ball harder? Is it to have a different attitude? Is it coming to the net more? Whatever it is, something is not clicking in Andy's game. "And even Ivan Lendl, I think, believes that he might be able to help him. This doesn't mean to me that if they don't win a Grand Slam together, this will be a disappointment. It's just positive that both of them are willing to go back to what was successful in the past." Murray faces a monumental test in the second round of the Miami Open as he looks set to battle number one seed Daniil Medvedev on Saturday afternoon. After beating Argentine Federico Delbonis in straight sets in round one, he'll be eyeing a major scalp against the Russian former world number one. But despite his recent reunion with Lendl, Wilander believes Murray, now 36, is on 'borrowed time' after narrowly evading an early retirement following his troublesome hip injury, which first flared up in 2017. READ MORE: Murray hits out at the Conservative government with spicy comment  "The last dance [could be coming up] for him because of his age," Wilander continued. "But also, we have to realise that he is basically playing tennis on borrowed time because he was not supposed to be able to play tennis again. A few years back, when he was semi-retired with his hip injury, we all thought that was it. He thought that was it. "So now he's back. This is a bonus, part of his career. He's had an unbelievably successful career, and he's a huge star around the world, and he's Sir Andy Murray. Maybe it doesn't mean it's the last dance. It just means that to the music that he is trying to play now he needs to dance with Ivan Lendl."