The UK’s most infamous child killers murdered five children in the Greater Manchester area during the Sixties and buried some of their bodies on Saddleworth Moor. The couple, who are both dead, will have their lives pored examined in the final episode of ‘Moors Murders’ tonight. The Channel 4 three-parter, which comes 20 years after Hindley died in prison, sheds new light on her and Brady’s crimes and their lives behind bars. The programme features never-before-seen prison letters between the pair, as well as an account from key witness David Smith. In Episode 3, ‘The Trial’, Mr Smith, who is credited with stopping the horrific killing spree, speaks about the tension in court as Brady and Hindley were jailed for life in 1966. He is joined by journalist Clive Entwistle as the show looks back to some of the details of the trial, including a recording of a girl being tortured that was played in court. Manchester-born Hindley became romantically involved with Brady, originally from Glasgow, in the early Sixties. But any love Brady had for Hindley quickly disappeared once the pair were sent to prison, according to forensic psychiatrist Tim McInerny, who claimed he made “derogatory” comments about his accomplice. JUST IN: Horror as homes evacuated after 'suspicious chemicals' found 'This is terrifying' The expert interviewed Brady in the late Nineties at Merseyside’s Ashworth Hospital, where the killer eventually died in 2017. Dr McInerny told the Sunday Mirror in 2021: “He was very paranoid, a very disturbed man. “He was not a straightforward patient – he challenged his detention and challenged his diagnosis. “Brady was extremely unwell, it was very difficult to understand what he said, he was ‘thought disordered’. “His language didn’t follow grammatical sense. He kept talking about Myra and believed there was a conspiracy by her against him. “He spoke in very derogatory terms about Myra as though she was behind things that were happening to him at Ashworth. There was anger with Myra.” During the period that Dr McInerny interviewed Brady he had been on intermittent hunger strike. The killer was fed through a tube because he was considered mentally ill by experts. He argued he should be allowed the choice to die if he wanted and campaigned to be moved from Ashworth to a Scottish prison. But his pleas to leave the secure hospital were rejected after a week-long mental health tribunal hearing in 2014. DON'T MISS: Putin’s cyber army tracked UK weaknesses 'for years' as British computers to suffer attack [LATEST]Damning royal poll results expose crumbling support base: 'It's time to stop gravy train' [INSIGHT]Metaverse will see cyberwarfare attacks unlike anything before: 'Massively elevated' [ANALYSIS] Brady died from lung condition, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, at Ashworth in 2017 after being given oxygen for years. Dr McInerny said: “Brady was demanding to be returned to prison and was very high-risk because of the notoriety of his offences. “He’d need very careful monitoring in any unit. He was at risk of attacks and had been attacked many times. “He wouldn’t talk about any of the offences. “He would only talk about the cruelty of his treatment and about Myra and how she was conspiring against him.” The expert added that he thought Brady was psychotic and needed to remain in hospital. ‘Moors Murders’ airs on Channel 4 tonight at 9pm.