British tennis sensation Emma Raducanu has added another string to her sponsorship bow, landing a bumper £3million agreement with Vodafone. The Bromley-based teenager has been in the money since bursting onto the scene at Wimbledon and the US Open and her ascent shows no sign of slowing down. Last summer, Raducanu went into Wimbledon as an unknown wildcard, ranked outside the world's top 300. Having only just sat her A-Level exams, she captured the nation by advancing all the way to the Round of 16, where she was forced into an unfortunate retirement against Ajla Tomljanovic. Her patchy form between Wimbledon and the US Open was cast aside once play got underway at Flushing Meadows. And the teenager made history by becoming the first qualifier ever to reach a Grand Slam final, and she went one better by defeating Leylah Fernandez in straight sets. READ MORE: Alexander Zverev put on probation as ATP decide punishment for almost hitting umpire January's Australian Open started in impressive fashion as she dispatched American Sloane Stephens in the first round, but blister trouble may have proved the difference against Danka Kovinic, and she crashed out in the second. Still, Raducanu is a huge up-and-coming name in tennis, and she has been rewarded as such with a host of lucrative sponsorship deals. The latest of which is with Vodafone, as the 19-year-old becomes their grassroots ambassador to try and inspire the next generation of tennis stars. In the process, Raducanu will reportedly pocket a cool £2.9m. "I’m so excited to be working with Vodafone to inspire the next generation of tennis players in the UK," said the Grand Slam champion. "The support I received at a grassroots level has been key to my development as a player, and I’m looking forward to helping make these initiatives even bigger, better and more accessible." Raducanu already boasts partnerships with Nike, British Airways, Evian, Dior and Tiffany's. Her last tournament outing was in Guadalajara, where a marathon three-set match with Australian Daria Saville came to an end when Raducanu retired after a medical timeout.  She is scheduled to take part in the BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells this week. However, The Daily Mail claim that the hip injury which blighted her Guadalajara campaign could come into play again, and she is currently considered a 'doubt' to take part. 