Just one in four (25 percent) consider online shopping to be bad for the planet, despite the carbon footprint of deliveries, while only 30 percent considered doing your laundry to have an environmental impact. Boiling the kettle, enjoying a BBQ, and leaving the tap running were also among the activities many don’t think are harmful to the environment. It also emerged eight in ten adults still do things they know are bad for the planet, with 43 percent claiming the lack of a better alternative gives them no choice. Others are unable to give up things to help the environment because alternatives are too expensive, or they don’t want to miss out on certain experiences. Teresa Arbuckle, managing director of Beko plc, supplier of home appliance brand Grundig, which commissioned the study to raise awareness of its FiberCatcher technology, said: “It is important for us as a nation to understand the extent to which our daily activities are having an impact on our planet. “Our purpose is to lead by example and inspire people to take small steps, starting from home, towards a better future.” The study also found nearly one in four adults (23 percent) admit they do more washing than needed, while 29 percent don’t always do a full load. Half of respondents (49 percent) didn’t realise the microfibres from their washing is one of the leading sources of plastic pollution - with the microfibres from synthetic clothes making their way into rivers and seas. And 65 percent were unaware humans can go on to consume microplastics through their food and drink. But two-thirds admitted they would stop eating certain items if they could see the pollution. As a result, more than three-quarters (76 percent) think more needs to be done to raise awareness of the hidden dangers of microfibres in waterways. And more than eight in ten (81 percent) admitted they would wash their clothes less often if they knew how much it was contributing to plastic pollution in the oceans. But 31 percent of adults polled, via OnePoll, have a “what I don’t know won’t hurt me” attitude towards global warming and environmental pollution. Nearly half (45 percent) also believe microfibre plastic pollution isn’t spoken about because many don’t understand it, while a further 29 percent think it’s too complex. In a bid to raise further awareness of microfibre plastic pollution and encourage people to take action, Grundig has teamed up with the Marine Conservation Society, which works for a cleaner, better-protected ocean with its Stop Ocean Threads campaign. Teresa Arbuckle added: “We believe each individual can positively impact the planet by making small changes in their daily activities, and we are proud to be helping consumers achieve a more sustainable living. “We are committed to leading the industry forward with the launch of Grundig washing machines with FiberCatcher technology, with the world’s first integrated synthetic microfibre filtering system, helping minimise synthetic fibre pollution.” TOP THINGS BRITS THINK ARE MOST HARMFUL TO THE PLANET: