Clinique is loved by shoppers for its glowing skincare and beautiful make-up. It’s the perfect present and now Boots shoppers can get a great deal on this gift. With prices slashed by 50 percent off, Boots is discounting one of its most popular Mother’s Day presents. Available online now, the Clinique Mother’s Day set is on offer and the perfect present to give to your mum. Containing the brand’s bestselling skincare and makeup, it has a worth of over £101 and is quickly selling out online. Now slashed down to less than £40, be sure to buy it now so that it arrives before the big day. The Clinique Mother’s Day set has five products which include full sizes and minis. It’s also suitable to use on most skin types, so it’s not going to cause irritation or sensitivity. The set includes the Clinique Smart SPF15 Custom Moisturiser for Dry / Combination skin, Moisture Surge Overnight Mask, Take the Day Off Make-up remover, High Impact mascara and All About Clean liquid facial soap. Plus, shoppers will also get a £5 off voucher to use on Clinique foundations at Boots. The perfect present to buy for Mother’s Day, it’s now available for £38. Shop the Clinique Mother’s Day Set here. It’s also available for next day delivery which is £4.95 and is perfect for last minute gifting. Customers can also choose to click and collect it from one of 2,200 stores for free. The Clinique Smart Custom moisturiser is a great daytime face cream that has UVA/UVB protection and boosts the skin’s natural radiance. Perfect for hydration, soothe the face with the Moisture Surge Overnight Mask and sleep and wake up to soft skin. The Take the Day Off make-up remover is excellent at removing all make-up and has a two-way formula that loosens hard-to-remove mascara. One of the highlights from the set is the High Impact mascara which creates natural big lashes that look good with any look. Finally, the All About Clean Liquid Soap is a gentle cleanser that’s perfect to use in the morning. Shop the Clinique Mother’s Day Set here.