The diplomats were attending a UN Human Rights Council meeting in Geneva as Sergei Lavrov addressed them. The Russian Foreign Secretary accused the European Union of engaging in a "Russo-phobic frenzy". Brussels has joined forces with the UK and the United States in issuing crippling sanctions on Russia over Ukraine's invasion. The diplomats could be seen standing up from their stations and picking up their belongings as Sergei Lavrov was announced as the next speaker to the meeting. Mr Lavrov was greeted by the back of EU, UK, and US diplomats walking out on him to avoid having to listen to his speech. The diplomats stood in a circle outside the meeting for the duration of Lavrov's speech, holding a Ukrainian flag. Lavrov was addressing the UN Human Rights Council remotely, having cancelled his attendance earlier due to what the Russian mission in Geneva said on Monday were EU states blocking his flight path. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG  In his speech, Lavrov said: "Today the dangers that (Ukrainian President Volodymyr) Zelenskiy's regime pose for neighbouring countries and international security in general have increased substantially after the authorities set up in Kyiv have embarked upon dangerous games related to plans to acquire their own nuclear weapons. "Ukraine still has Soviet nuclear technologies and the means of delivery of such weapons. We cannot fail to respond to this real danger," he said, also calling for Washington to rebase its nuclear weapons from Europe." Lavrov on Tuesday also warned the West must not build military facilities in any countries of the former Soviet Union. Russian news agencies RIA and TASS quoted Lavrov as saying Moscow found it unacceptable that some European countries hosted US nuclear weapons and was taking measures to prevent Ukraine from acquiring similar weapons. READ MORE: Nicola Sturgeon's plan to scrap nuclear deterrent and expose UK to Putin's wrath On Sunday, the bloc agreed to kick out Russia from the SWIFT banking system. Travel to and from Russia has been suspended, and EU member states bordering Ukraine have opened up their borders to refugees fleeing heavy bombing. And European Parliament president Roberta Metsola welcomed Volodymyr Zelensky's official request for Ukraine to join the European Union. Ms Metsola said: "As our Resolution clearly states, we welcome Ukraine’s application for candidate status and we will work towards that goal. DON'T MISSWhat to do in a nuclear attack - four key steps to take to stay safe [ANALYSIS]Chilling meaning of new symbols appearing all over Ukraine [INSIGHT]Alexander Povetkin appears to defend Russian invasion of Ukraine [SPOTLIGHT] "We must face the future together.” Ms Metsola also set out four principles the European Union will need to abide by in the future, including securing independence from Russian gas and doubling efforts to fight disinformation President Zelenskiy urged Brussels to prove that it sided with Ukraine in its war with Russia, one day after signing an official request to join the bloc. Addressing an emergency session of the European Parliament, he said: "We are fighting to be equal members of Europe. "Do prove that you are with us. Do prove that you will not let us go. "Do prove that you are indeed Europeans and then life will win over death and light will win over darkness."