Prince William and Kate Middleton have spent the last couple of days in Belize, and following a reception hosted by the Governor-General of Belize last night, the royal couple is travelling to Jamacia for the next stop on their royal Caribbean tour. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have already taken part in many activities in celebration of Her Majesty The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Throughout the hundreds of photos and videos taken of William and Kate, the Prince is regularly seen resting his hands on his hips. Express.co.uk spoke to body language expert Judi James about why William favours this stance when meeting people abroad. Kate and William’s trip began in Belize, where they celebrated the rich culture of the Garifuna community. The royal couple also explored the country’s biodiversity, before moving on to a visit to the historic Mayan archaeological sites. The Duke and Duchess also learnt about chocolate making and were caught dancing with locals. Many times, when they met new people and listened to their stories, William was seen with his legs apart, rooted to the ground, and his hands on his hips. READ MORE: Kate and William’s horror as plane once caught in ‘heavy storm' Judi took a look at these images and offered her expert opinion on the Prince’s body language. She said: “We’re seeing some very contrasting body language signals from William so far on this tour, ranging from deferential or anxious to this latest look of leadership and control. “When he arrived we saw a flurry of self-calming rituals with his hands over-checking his clothing or performing a barrier ritual to suggest tension. “With his hosts he tended and is still tending to adopt a more deferential ‘fig-leaf’ pose, with his hands clasped in front of his lower torso in a self-protective gesture that would also be status-lowering, suggesting he wanted to appear non-regal and approachable rather than exuding signals of power. DON'T MISS...Kate and Prince William hint at future family trip with children [INSIDER]Camilla Parker Bowles stuns in ‘optimistic’ green outfit [PICTURES]Kate and Queen sharing key traits foreshadowing Duchess’ ‘success’ [COMMENT] “These latest poses show him splaying though, with his hands on his hips and his elbows out, his chest slightly puffed and even his feet set apart at a slightly exaggerated distance. “Splaying like this is a signal more associated with confidence and dominance,” she added. “It would assert control in a situation and define William as being in a leadership role. “His fingers are also splayed out on his hips, which would suggest a bit of an ‘action man’ stance. “If they were curled into fists the splaying could appear confrontational or even angry but performed like this it just suggests that he is re-booting his authority but without any hint of aggression or challenge.” The expert claimed: “The source of the pose can be seen when he is chatting to the army leader about jungle survival. “Both men adopt an almost identical arm with splayed fingers and it suggests this look is a trait from William’s military career. “He seems to adopt it when it is just him and Kate and the press around and, again, this could look like a desire to be in control in these circumstances rather than just posing up compliantly for the cameras. “His relationship with the photographers looks much more relaxed and good-humoured than it did when he was younger but he still seems to be keen to show who is ultimately the boss here and to perhaps show a protective response to Kate too,” Judi said. Over the next couple of days in Jamaica, the Duke and Duchess have engagements planned with the Jamaican Defence Force and will celebrate Jamaica’s musicians, including the seminal legacy of Bob Marley alongside up and coming stars. The royal couple will end the tour in The Bahamas, where they will spend time with communities across a number of islands, as well as experience a world-famous junkanoo parade.