Joe Biden repeated his claims that Russia is trying "to break up NATO" at a meeting of the European Council on Thursday. The US President said the whirlwind day of meetings with Heads of State illustrated the Western world’s unity against Russia’s aggression towards Ukraine. He was also adamant that Russian President Vladimir Putin had failed to fracture the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO), which is backing Ukraine with munitions and humanitarian aid. The US President told reporters: “The very thing that Putin has tried to do from the beginning, and I’ve been saying this since my days as Vice President of the United States, is to break up NATO. “The whole idea of the unity of Europe as a whole, not just NATO, the G7 and this organisation [European Council], really matters. “It’s the single most important thing that we can do to stop this guy.”  READ MORE: Putin final lifeline ruined: £100bn 'fortress Russia' about to CRUMBLE Since President Putin invaded Ukraine more than a-month-ago the Russian advance has been met with stern resistance. Nonetheless, while forces from Moscow have failed to secure complete control of Ukraine they have occupied territory in parts of the south and east, as well as inflicting significant civilian casualties. Mr Biden warned that if the military stalemate continues, Russia’s President could resort to increasingly desperate measures including the use of chemical or biological weapons. If Moscow did use such arms Mr Biden said that NATO would “respond in kind” and that “the nature of the response depends on the nature of the use”.  The US President’s stance was backed up by NATO Secretary General, Jens Stoltenberg, who chaired an extraordinary meeting of the North Atlantic Council earlier on Wednesday. Mr Stoltenberg said: “Any use of chemical weapons will totally change the nature of the conflict. “It will be a blatant violation of international law and it will have widespread consequences and of course be extremely dangerous.” To date, NATO has proceeded cautiously with its response to Russia, remaining keen for the war not to spill over Ukraine’s borders.  DON'T MISS: Putin warned he could be 'assassinated by his own daughter' [EXPLAINED]Boris denies being 'most anti-Russian leader' after gold sanctions [WATCH]UK troops graves daubed with Russian Z symbol [NEWS] However, the military pact has announced that it will be sending four new combat-ready battlegroups to strengthen its eastern flank. Bulgaria, Hungary, Romania and Slovakia will all be boosted with NATO forces capable of fighting on land, in the air and at sea. The move was declared shortly before UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson promised a new deployment of British troops to Bulgaria, on top of doubling forces both in Poland and in Estonia. Mr Johnson added that the Government planned to send 6,000 more missiles to Ukraine as well as an extra £25m in aid to help Kyiv pay the salaries of its armed forces.  The PM said: "The message Putin can take is: Ukraine is not alone. We stand with the people of Kyiv, Mariupol, Lviv and Donetsk. "As President Zelensky himself has said, the people of Ukraine must prevail and Putin must fail - and he will." The UK Government has already provided Ukraine and its neighbouring countries with £400m in humanitarian and economic aid since Russia's invasion last month. 