State pension increases should not be taken for granted, as they are only available to individuals in certain countries. It is thought thousands of British expats are missing out on rises, simply by choosing to live abroad in certain countries. This is the case for 100-year-old Eileen Holmes, who spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about her state pension struggle. Mrs Holmes was born in 1921 in Woolwich, South East London, and grew up there, firstly working as a helper when children were evacuated at the beginning of the Second World War. Later, she worked in the Government Food Office during rationing, where she wrote the ledger for meat and bacon. Mrs Holmes’ husband was a regular in the British Navy, and after finishing service in 1947 and transitioning to civilian work as a maintenance fitter, the pair moved to Northern Rhodesia - now known as Zambia. READ MORE: State pension payment dates to change for Queen’s Platinum Jubilee While they stayed there until 1962, they sent money back to England to ensure their state pension would be okay. Mr and Mrs Holmes moved to Australia in 1963, but when Mr Holmes died in 1979, his wife decided to claim for her state pension through his contributions. But Mrs Holmes was shocked to find her state pension sum would be frozen, as Australia is not on the list of countries for an increase. She said: “I had no idea of this frozen pension scheme and do not remember when I learned about it. DON'T MISSInheritance tax receipts soar again - Britons urged to take action [ANALYSIS]Pension death benefits may be targeted in spring statement [EXCLUSIVE]‘It’s a real struggle!’ Widow, 70, fears rising cost of energy bills [INSIGHT] “It is the feeling of the dreadful unfairness of the British Government not paying what they should - National Insurance does not pay out properly. “Obviously, if I had my full pension, I would be better off, but I cannot claim I go short of anything, except perhaps a few luxuries. “Regardless, the frozen pension is disgustingly unfair. They take your money, and then refuse to give you what you paid for.” Although Mrs Holmes receives the full Australian pension, she still laments the concept of the UK state pension being frozen. Having celebrated her 100th birthday in October 2021, Mrs Holmes received a telegram from the Queen to commemorate her special milestone. But for Mrs Holmes, this is at odds with the lack of support she is receiving from the UK due to her frozen state pension sum. She added: “I have passed my 100 years and had my letter from the Queen. “I do sometimes wonder what the Queen herself would feel if she knew about the frozen pension, as she likes fairness at all times. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Really, it is some of the people in England now who I feel sorry for. “When they retire and choose to go to a place this applies to, they could be very uncomfortable.” A DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "We understand that people move abroad for many reasons and that this can impact on their finances. There is information on GOV.UK about what the effect of going abroad will be on entitlement to the UK state pension. “The Government’s policy on the up-rating of the UK state pension for recipients living overseas is a longstanding one of more than 70 years and we continue to uprate state pensions overseas where there is a legal requirement to do so.”