The Russian spokeswoman insisted Washington owed Moscow an explanation on the alleged participation in Ukraine-based biological programmes. Major General Igor Konashenkov claimed pathogens for deadly diseased are being created in Ukrainian laboratories funded by the United States. Zakharova jumped on the bandwagon and demanded transparency from Washington about any potential involvement in producing deadly viruses. Speaking at her daily press conference, the Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said: "We confirm facts, unearthed as part of the special military operations, which testify to an emergency attempt to erase evidence of military biological programmes. "We are not talking here about peaceful uses or scientific goals. "What were you up to there? "These (programmes) were financed by the US Department of Defence." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG She later added: "The US Defence Department and the presidential administration of the United States are obliged to officially explain to the global community, officially, not through talking heads, about the programmes in Ukraine. "We demand details. We demand and the world awaits." Responding to earlier allegations about the purported military biological programme in Ukraine, a Pentagon spokesman said: "This absurd Russian misinformation is patently false". A Ukrainian presidential spokesperson said: "Ukraine strictly denies any such allegation". READ MORE: Poland transfers ALL its jets as war takes to the skies - boost for Ukraine The TASS news agency quoted Major General Konashenkov on Tuesday: "Obviously, with the start of a special military operation, the Pentagon had serious concerns about disclosing the conduct of secret biological experiments on the territory of Ukraine." Fact-checking website Snopes noted the claims about US funding bio labs in Ukraine have been circulating since 2018, and became especially rife when coronavirus spread. The Security Service of Ukraine (SBU) was forced to issue a statement in 2020 to clamp down on allegations of US military biological labs being present on the ground. The statement read: "No foreign biological laboratories operate in Ukraine. Statements recently made by individual politicians are not true and are a deliberate distortion of the facts." DON'T MISS: Indian doctor refuses to leave panther and jaguar behind in Ukraine [VIDEO]Priti Patel accused of 'misleading Commons' over Calais chaos [INSIGHT]Michael Portillo savages EU 'Made themselves dependent on Russia' [COMMENT] Indeed, Washington and Kyiv have long been collaborating to avoid the outbreak of infectious diseases and to work on vaccine development. The two countries struck the Cooperative Threat Reduction Program once Ukraine became independent following the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991 to reduce the risk of weapons of mass destruction being developed. State Department official Victoria Nuland told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee US officials are now working with their Ukrainian counterparts and scientists to secure Ukraine's laboratories from potential attacks from Russia. Ms Nuland said: "Ukraine has biological research facilities, which in fact we are now quite concerned Russian troops, Russian forces, may be seeking to gain control of. “We are working with the Ukrainians on how they can prevent any of those research materials from falling into the hands of Russian forces should they approach."