Gary Neville has conceded that Liverpool are now favourites for the Premier League title. Liverpool beat Arsenal 2-0 at the Emirates on Wednesday to close the gap on leaders Manchester City to one point. Second-half goals from Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino ensured Jurgen Klopp's side left north London with all three points. Speaking directly after the match, Neville said the performance against Arsenal was that of a team who could win the league this season. "Everything that you would imagine in a title-winning performance was there," he said on the Gary Neville podcast. "Now, they might not win it because they're actually playing up against the most ridiculously good team in Manchester City. "But the hallmarks are there, the form's there, the patterns are there and if you're Liverpool you're really, really confident going into these last nine games. I'm not saying City aren't, but if you're Liverpool you're confident. READ MORE: Gary Neville calls out Joel Glazer directly after owner breaks Man Utd 'promise'  "You're in every competition, you've won the Carabao Cup, you've got five players up front that can win you any single game. You've got a great back four, you've got a great goalkeeper. "The experience in midfield with Thiago, Fabinho and [Jordan] Henderson is enormous, with [James] Milner and others to come in." City have been as much as 14 points clear of Liverpool this season. However, the Reds now know that they will win the title if they win their remaining nine matches of the campaign. Neville says he has felt all season that City would win the title again. But now he admits he is edging towards Liverpool as being the favourites for top spot. He added: "So there's a lot to say about how Liverpool could be, could be for the first time, beyond tonight I think favourites for the title. DON'T MISSChelsea owner Abramovich linked with takeover at another club after Blues reign [REPORT]Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick lands first signing as transfer terms signed [TRANSFERS]Man Utd ‘make another transfer approach’ as Harry Maguire faces being replaced [GOSSIP]  "And that's a big statement from me because I've said Manchester City all the way through. But what happened on Monday night has just happened a couple of times a season, not too many. "Liverpool have only not scored once, Manchester City haven't scored four times in games. That could just be the difference at the end. "It might not be, because Pep Guardiola is a genius of a manager and he could see them home. But it wouldn't surprise me if this Liverpool team won the title."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here