Charitha Chandran, 25, will play Edwina Sharma in the period drama's second series. The upcoming actress has revealed the assumptions that came with the role, including her friends believing she only got the role "because she's brown". Charitha admitted in a new interview that she likes to see more of a diverse crew on set. Speaking to The Telegraph, she penned: "People assume my success is due to a diversity quota. "I've even had friends say to me, 'Oh you got that because you're brown,' and that really hurts. "What's really scary is that you can start believing it and thinking, 'The only reason I got cast as Edwina is because they were looking for an Indian family'." READ MORE: Lily Allen goes braless in completely sheer white dress at GEM Awards She added that although Bridgerton has been praised for its highly diverse cast, the same can't always be said for those behind the camera on shows. Charithra continued: "I would love to see more crew who are black and brown. "I think that's really important. "We should be careful about just sort of window dressing." Based on the books by Julia Quinn, Bridgerton follows the eight siblings of the Bridgerton family as they attempt to find love in England. In the upcoming series Lady Danbury takes in the Sharma family, consisting of Kate, Edwina and their mother Lady Mary. They are travelling from India to take part in the social season. Both sisters, however, fall for the charms of the same man, Lord Anthoiney Bridgerton. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan left Prince Charles and Camilla ‘completely horrified’ [COMMENT] Karren Brady slams Prince Harry for his 'royal wokeness' [OPINION] Robbie Williams 'worried' as he struggles to find actor for biopic [INSIGHT] Bridgerton quickly gained the title of Netflix's most-watched series to date, garnering over 82 million views worldwide. The new seasons will not feature fan favourite Rege-Jean Page in his role as Simon Bassett. Charitha trained at the National Youth Theater and attended Oxford University to study philosophy, politics, and economics. Before trying out as an actress she was a parliamentary assistant in the House of Commons and even an intern with Global Water Intelligence. About her recent opportunities, Charitha said to Wion: "I'm very lucky to have been able to do two amazing projects so early in my career." She also highlighted the importance of makeup in helping her transform into character. She continued: "I find things that I identify with the character. So, on Alex Rider, it was Sabina's jewelry. "On Bridgerton, it was Edwina's hair."