Arsenal have been backed to sign Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves by their former star Paul Merson. Neves has been linked with a move to Arsenal and Manchester United in recent transfer windows. Merson also thinks the Portugal international is good enough to play for Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool side. Neves has been a key part of the Wolves team who have cemented a spot in the Premier League in recent seasons. But he will soon be entering the final two years of his contract at Molineux. Arsenal could be in the market for a midfielder if Granit Xhaka leaves this summer. Xhaka was a target for Roma last summer but the Serie A side failed to offer what the Gunners wanted for the Switzerland international. JUST IN: Salah injury explained by Klopp after Liverpool star limped off vs Brighton  But he is again linked with a move to link up with Jose Mourinho in the Italian capital. CalcioMercato claimed in February that Mourinho is desperate to sign Xhaka. Merson reckons Neves will leave Wolves this summer and says he would get into both the Arsenal and United starting XIs. “I don’t see him being at Wolves next season," the pundit said on Soccer Saturday. DON'T MISSLionel Messi and Neymar break Pochettino's golden rule he installed at Tottenham [REPORT]Liverpool beat Brighton: Five things learned as Salah injury overshadows title charge [OPINION]Thomas Tuchel makes decision on leaving Chelsea as Man Utd show interest [REPORT]  "Where do you want to go? He could play at Arsenal in their midfield, Manchester United, he could.” Merson also said he thinks Neves is of the quality to play for Liverpool but can see him joining the Gunners. He added: “I think he could go to Arsenal, he could go to Liverpool, if I am being honest.” Like Neves, Xhaka also sees his current contract expire in 2024. The 29-year-old has played slightly further forward of late under Mikel Arteta.  Arteta has long hoped to play with a 4-3-3 formation, previously admitting he did not have the players to do so. Speaking at his press conference on Friday, the Spaniard explained Xhaka's slight change of position. Arteta said: "Sometimes you have to take players out of their comfort zone and open a different door to explore how the team will react to it and what the opposition will do when you do certain things. "Then it’s more unpredictable because if not, it’s pretty easy to prepare the same thing against the same opposition."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here