Boris Johnson took aim at Putin in a spotlight on Ukraine as he closed the Conservative Party spring conference. The Prime Minister explained Putin is "in total panic" over Ukraine's influence over Russia. He said: "Why did he decide to invade this totally innocent country? "He didn't really believe that Ukraine was going to join NATO anytime soon. "He knew perfectly well there was no plan to put missiles on Ukrainian soil. "He didn't really believe the semi-mystical guff written about the origins of the Russian people, Nostradamus meets Russian Wikipedia that wasn't what it was about. "I think he was frightened of Ukraine for an entirely different reason. READ MORE: Putin's health unintentionally becomes focus of rally 'Frail' "He was frightened of Ukraine because in the country they have a free press, free elections and with every year that Ukraine progress, not always easily, towards freedom, democracy and open markets - he feared the Ukrainian example. "And he feared the implicit reproach to himself because in Putin's Russia you get jailed for 15 years just for calling an invasion an invasion. "If you stand against Putin in an election, you get poisoned or shot. "It's precisely because Ukraine and Russia have been so historically close that he has been terrified of the effect of that Ukrainian model on him and on Russia. "He's been in a total panic in a so-called colour revolution in Moscow itself." Mr Johnson went on to thank Defence Secretary Ben Wallace for urging him to "read Putin's crazy essay" several months ago ahead of the invasion. He said the pair, along with Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, speak daily about the situation in Ukraine. "We are talking continuously, Liz, Ben and I, to our colleagues in the Ukraine support group to discuss what more we can do. And those conversations are literally every day and there will be more," he told the Conservative spring conference. He said he was "proud" of what the UK did on sanctions, adding: "We must sanction more banks and individuals than any other European country...there is, of course, a cost to all these actions. Of course there is. But the cost of doing nothing will be far higher." DON'T MISS ‘Time for talks!’ Zelensky issues savage warning [INSIGHT]Liz Truss warns West ‘didn’t take Putin seriously’ after the Cold War [ANALYSIS]No funding ready for NHS Ukrainian refugee effort amid backlog [VIDEO] It comes as Putin has embarked on a deadly war of attrition as Russia's advance in Ukraine continues to stall in the face of fierce resistance, Britain's chief of defence intelligence has warned. Lieutenant-General Sir Jim Hockenhull said the Kremlin has been forced to switch tactics, turning to the "reckless and indiscriminate" use of firepower which will inevitably lead to more civilian casualties. The Russians have "enormous" stocks of artillery ammunition and could maintain their bombardment for weeks in an attempt to force Ukraine into submission, Western officials say. The warning came as Mr Putin, Russia's President, made a rare public appearance to address a mass flag-waving rally at Moscow's Luzhniki Stadium to mark the eighth anniversary of his country's annexation of Crimea.