The second season of Bridgerton centres around newcomer Kate and her younger sister who have travelled to London from India to find Edwina a fitting husband. Edwina soon sets her sights on Viscount Anthony Bridgerton (played by Jonathan Bailey), but her fiercely protective sister Kate disapproves. Ahead of the new series landing on Netflix, the on-screen sisters opened up on their character's "isolated" background which "can cause problems at times". Bridgerton fans were thrilled when the second season of the Regency England period drama returned to Netflix last week. As well as being reacquainted with characters from the inaugural season, viewers were also introduced to a variety of new faces including Kate, Edwina and their mother Mary (Shelley Conn). Mary was raised in an aristocratic English family but she married a clerk and moved to India to raise her daughter Edwina and stepdaughter Kate. The mother decided to return to London to help Edwina find a suitable husband after being widowed and estranged from her wealthy parents. READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith Speaking at the Bridgerton season two premiere about the Sharmas, Kate actress Simone began: "I just knew this was a story that I wanted to bring to life, that's for sure." The star explained she was "deeply enthusiastic" to portray Kate and "be part of this whole world" of romance and high society events. Charithra admitted her first day on set was a "baptism of fire" but added it was beneficial to meet everyone at once and get to know them. When asked how the Sharma sisters fit into the Bridgerton world, Simone replied: "I think there is no one really quite like them and the sisterhood which they share, I think, is really special.  "We can't forget our little corgi as well which comes with us." Their four-legged companion is called Newton and in the books, he gets on their mother's nerves. Charitha said what was unique about the Sharma sisters' relationship as opposed to the Featheringtons or the Bridgertons is that they "kind of grow up in isolation". She added: "They only have each other and with that heightened intimacy and dependency comes the greatest love and respect but can also at times cause problems. It's really explorational sisterhood."  DON'T MISS...Bridgerton season 3: Do Marina Thompson and Colin get back together? [EXPLAINER]Bridgerton's Simone Ashley tattooed herself from prison inmate's video [INSIGHT] 'Not graphic biology' Bridgerton star hits back at sex scene criticise [INTERVIEW]  The series is set in 1814 when there were deep economic and political ties between Britain and the Indian subcontinent. It is based on Julia Quinn's second book of romance novels about the Bridgerton siblings called The Viscount Who Loved Me. According to the book, Kate's birth mother died when she was young, leaving her father to find a new wife. He married Edwina's mother Mary much to the distaste of her parents.    After their father died, Kate started to see herself as a parental figure to Edwina. As a result, she put her own love life on hold so she could ensure her younger sister had a promising future. However, as season two unfolds, complications arise when Edwina becomes engaged to Anthony, who starts developing feelings for her sister Kate. Bridgerton seasons one and two are available to stream on Netflix.  