Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has no intention of leaving Stamford Bridge following the sanctions applied on owner Roman Abramovich, according to reports. Abramovich has had his assets frozen, which has massive implications for Chelsea. But Tuchel is determined to stay on as head coach. It was announced on Thursday morning that the UK Government had frozen Abramovich's assets. Chelsea are now not able to sell any tickets or merchandise, and cannot offer new contracts to current players as well as complete transfers. Abramovich's sale of Chelsea has also been put on hold for the time being. The Russian put the club up for sale last week and there has been plenty of interest already. JUST IN: Arsenal chief Edu decides on striker he will 'prioritise' signing in summer after PSG move  But the 55-year-old's reported links with Russia president Vladimir Putin has seen the UK Government step in. However, despite the huge uncertainty at Stamford Bridge, their current manager looks set to stay. The Telegraph claims there has been interest from up to six clubs in Tuchel, with Manchester United one of them. But the former PSG boss is happy in west London and will not be leaving. DON'T MISSWhat Chelsea's £20,000 travel cap means for Champions League fixtures [NEWS]Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta already has perfect captain choice ready to lead young duo [COMMENT]Chelsea given hope with American groups in three-way tussle after Abramovich sanctions [REPORT]  United are still on the lookout for a new permanent manager who will replace interim Ralf Rangnick this summer. But it appears Tuchel will not be available to the Old Trafford side. The Telegraph claims the 48-year-old 'loves' working for Chelsea. However, he may ultimately consider his future depending on who the new owners are once a sale does go through.  Tuchel is set to face questions about what the future will hold for himself, his players and the club before and after Thursday's match away to Norwich. Tuchel has become a hugely popular figure with Chelsea supporters after winning the Champions League just months into his reign. He also led the Blues to their first Club World Cup triumph last month. Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher wrote about Tuchel in his column for the Telegraph on Thursday.  And he backed United to make a move for him. Carragher wrote: "Manchester United have been presented with the ideal opportunity to recruit the manager who should be their number one target: Thomas Tuchel. "All roads have been leading towards Mauricio Pochettino since the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. After Paris St-Germain's latest Champions League failure, [Mauricio] Pochettino will be available soon. "But he may have stronger competition for the United job than he could have imagined." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  