The benefit, which is paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), will increase in-line with the Consumer Price Index (CPI). CPI measures the average change in prices over time that consumers pay for a basket of goods and services. Payments will increase by £2.10 per week, which over the course of the year amounts to £109.20. Carer's Allowance is currently paid at a weekly rate of £67.60. It will rise to £69.70 from April 11, 2022. Carer’s Allowance recipients will see the benefits earnings limit rise £132 per week if they look after someone for 35 hours per week. READ MORE: 'Stop and think' NatWest urges customers to beware common mobile text scam  There are roughly seven million carer’s in the UK, however 400,000 carers are potentially missing out on the benefit, according to Carers UK. To be eligible for the benefit, Britons must be over the age of 16 and not in full-time education. They must also earn less than £128 a week from employment or self-employment after deductions such as income tax, National Insurance and half of their pension contributions. The person they care for must already get one of these benefits: People cannot get Carer’s Allowance if they share the care of someone and the other carer is already claiming Carer’s Allowance for that person. It is also not possible to receive Carer's Allowance if a person receives benefits such as state retirement pension, contributory ESA, contribution-based JSA or Maternity Allowance. People cannot get the full amount of both Carer’s Allowance and their state pension at the same time. If their pension is £67.60 a week or more, they will not get a Carer’s Allowance payment. If their pension is less than £67.60 a week, they’ll get a Carer’s Allowance payment to make up the difference. For those Britons getting Pension Credit, if their state pension is more than £67.60 a week, they will not get a Carer’s Allowance payment but their Pension Credit payments will increase instead. Helen Walker, the Chief Executive of Carers UK, explained that more needs to be done to support unpaid carers. She said: “Whilst we are pleased that the earnings limit has risen, it has only done so in line with CPI and not wage inflation which we know is far higher. “This will mean many carers making tough decisions to either reduce work or leave work altogether. “Despite the rise, carers are still losing out on working hours year on year as increases have not kept pace with the National Living Wage or average wage rises. “This is completely counter to the Government’s objective to make work pay. What we need urgently is a system that legislates for a year-on-year rise, in line with at least 16 times the National Living Wage. “This would allow carers to remain in work which is so important for carers’ income and finances in the short and longer term – and many also want to work."