NCIS Los Angeles is midway through its 13th series on CBS, with the team getting to the heart of new investigations every week. The police procedural regularly welcomes guest stars that are involved in each case and Murmuration, which aired on Sunday, March 20, was no different. This particular episode had a number of famous faces, one of which really caught viewers' eye. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles.NCIS Los Angeles' Murmuration focused on an investigation into an "unidentified aircraft" after it flew into US airspace and crashed into a Navy plane. There was footage of the aircraft in question that was making the rounds on social media. Those who saw the video believed it was aliens and Navy Lieutenant Joseph Landry (played by Graham Patrick Martin), who NCIS were in talks with, had no better suggestions of what it could be. As the team began to figure out what this suspicious airship could be, viewers were also wondering who the actor is behind the lieutenant. READ MORE: Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star Portraying Navy Lieutenant Joseph Landry in NCIS Los Angeles' Murmuration is actor Graham Patrick Martin. Actor Martin has had a number of minor roles in popular shows over the years, including Law and Order: Criminal Intent, Good Luck Charlie, The Good Doctor and SWAT. For two years, the 30-year-old was Eldridge Mackelroy, Jake's (Angus T Jones) friend in Two and a Half Men. He then went on to have a small part in the TNT drama The Closer as Rusty Beck which led to a meatier role in the spin-off. Martin reprised his role of Rusty in Major Crimes, following the activities of an LAPD Major Crimes squad, for six years. Two other shows he may be recognised for are The Bill Engvall Show as Trent Pearson in 2007 and Sky Atlantic's Catch-22 mini-series as Orr in 2019. According to his IMDB page, Martin has got a few movies in the pipeline that are entitled You Can't Run Forever, The Line and 40. He was far from the only guest star who featured in this episode either. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street heartache as Abi Franklin flees with Imran Habeeb? [THEORY]NCIS LA viewers swoon as General Hospital alum makes guest appearance [CAST]Vanessa Lachey age: How old is the NCIS Hawaii actress? [EXPLAINER] Murmuration welcomed actor William deVry as Navy Captain Lombardo to the NCIS Los Angeles cast. He is best known for starring in daytime soap operas such as General Hospital, Port Charles, All My Children and The Bold and the Beautiful. DeVry was joined by Modern Family actress Rahnuma Panthaky as Taylor Dubrons and actor Benjamin Papac as Gabe Dawson. Actor Papac has been in Greenhouse Academy, Into the Badlands and Saving the Human Race: Webisodes. NCIS Los Angeles fans are going to be treated to not one, but two episodes next week. On Sunday, March 27, there will be a double bill of NCIS Los Angeles with episodes 13 and 14 called Bonafides and Pandora's Box respectively. A release date for episode 15 hasn't been announced yet but the double episodes could mean that NCIS Los Angeles will not return on Sunday, April 3. NCIS Los Angeles season 13 continues every Sunday on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced.