Pep Guardiola has dismissed suggestions Manchester United's Cristiano Ronaldo is a fading force, insisting the Portuguese legend remains “unstoppable”. The Manchester City manager believes controlling the United striker could be key to winning the Manchester derby when they clash at the Etihad tomorrow. And he admits doing it without his own Portuguese superstar in Ruben Dias, ruled out for up to six weeks with a hamstring injury, will be tough. Ronaldo, 37, has found goals hard to come by lately with just one since the turn of the year leading to questions about his declining powers. But Guardiola, who tried to sign the striker last summer, has not been fooled into relaxing his guard. “When you are one of the greatest that he was in terms of being a goalscoring machine, you will always be there,” said Guardiola. MUST READ: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick shuts down reporter on manager interest “And he has been one of the greatest in the last 15 years, alongside Messi. What these two guys have done, we're not going to see again. “When you achieve these things and under scrutiny every second of your life and today, even more now with social media, it's incredible. “He is so strong mentally. He handled pressure without a problem because he lived with expectation throughout his career and always responded in a positive way. “As a finisher he’s exceptional, I'm not going to disguise it was a joy to watch him these years. DON'T MISS: Man Utd told they have advantage over Arsenal because of three players “We have to explode our game, our strength to avoid Cristiano close to the box because there he is almost unstoppable. We have to control him.” If Dias is missing for six weeks he will miss City’s Champions League and FA Cup quarter-finals as well as what looks like a key clash against Liverpool on the second weekend of April. Guardiola added: “It’ll be four to six weeks and it happens in a season. One season – one of the best players was out for eight or nine months – Kevin de Bruyne. “Ruben is massively important for us but he is not there so I’m not going to cry. We have just two central defenders with Nathan Ake and Ruben not available – it is what it is. MORE PREMIER LEAGUE NEWS...Tottenham boss Antonio Conte blasts own team's medical departmentWright lauds Arsenal boss Arteta for having last laugh on four callsMan Utd skipper Harry Maguire 'upsets team-mates' “We’re going to fight. We’re going to try to play good.” United’s form has been in and out under interim Ralf Rangnick but Guardiola insists he will prepare for their best version having won their last three visits to the Etihad in all competitions. “I see the weakness points they have and I see the strengths points they have, but if I see this as an easy game, I’m not going to sleep well,” he said. “To sleep well I have to see the best of them but when they don’t have the ball I try to find the weaknesses that they have. “But of course always I think the best version of all of them.”