Former BBC Breakfast presenter Louise Minchin, 53, has taken on another physical challenge as she learnt how to free dive under ice in Finland. The presenter said the experience was “extraordinary” but admitted she will need some more time to recover from the freezing temperatures. Louise detailed the venture with a series of pictures shared to her 128,000 Instagram followers. The mum-of-two looked incredible as she submerged into the freezing water in a long-sleeved swimsuit which provided no cover on her toned legs. Still managing to smile her way through the tough challenge, Louise told her followers: “What an extraordinary experience. “To be persuaded to get into freezing water with the awesome ice-swimming queens. READ MORE:'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star “What a stunning country Finland is, an incredible place to learn to free dive under ice. “I will tell you more when I have recovered from the exhilaration!” Louise’s fans took to the comments to congratulate the presenter on her achievement. Paddy commented: “Looking good Lou.” @Houseofdog.club echoed: “Wow, that looks amazing and so do you!” While Stuart said: Mad! Well done, but still mad.” And James added: “Blinking heck Louise! Absolutely cracking effort! You must be freezing!” It comes after Louise released her new podcast, Push Your Peak, which sees her sit down with “superhumans who have done extraordinary things”. DON'T MISS'Will miss it!' Lorraine Kelly devastated at show cancellation[LATEST]Emmerdale’s Samantha Giles rushed to hospital with mystery illness[INSIGHT]Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma[NEWS] In a trailer for the series, Louise explained she will be joined by some of the world’s most impressive sportspeople to “learn what it takes to mentally and physically push yourself beyond your limits”. She continued: “Whether you are an elite or everyday athlete, it can be hard to continually progress. “How do you push yourself out of your comfort zone? Where do you go to find that inner drive? “Tune in to hear these inspiring stories and take away the belief that you can achieve your own goals no matter how big or small.” Four episodes have been released so far with guests including Strictly pro Karen Hauer, cyclist Mark Beaumont, surfer Andrew Cotton and mental skills coach Gilbert Enoka. You can also catch Louise hosting the Her Spirit podcast which aims to “inspire women everywhere to live a healthier, happier life". The podcast’s release came after Louise pushed herself to her limits when she completed a month-long bike ride across Argentina. Upon her return to the UK, Louise promised fans she will detail the “test of endurance” in her new book, Adventures With Superwomen.