The Cessna aircraft was prevented from taking off from London Biggin Hill airport on Saturday, while checks were carried out on its ownership. Recent sanctions imposed on Moscow by the British Government make it a criminal offence for planes owned, operated or chartered by Russians, including private jets, to fly or land in the UK. Transport Secretary, Grant Shapps, said: "Today I have taken rapid action to identify and ground another plane pending inquiries about possible Russian links.   "We are continuing to take decisive action against Putin and his illegal war in Ukraine." Western leaders announced a package of stringent sanction against Moscow in retaliation for Vladimir Putin's decision to invade Ukraine. These have targeted Russia's financial, defence and industrial sectors amongst others, as well as individuals connected to the Putin regime. The measures have had a devastating effect on the Russian economy, with factory closures and job losses already reported. At the same time the rouble has plummeted in value by almost 30 percent and interests rates have been hiked from 10 to 20 percent. UK sanctions have targeted the British assets of major Russian banks, including those of VTB - Russia's second largest bank with assets totalling £154bn. The Government has also imposed asset freezes and travel bans on seven leading oligarchs and 386 members of the Russian parliament (Duma). One of the most high profile oligarchs to be hit by UK sanctions has been the Chelsea owner, Roman Abramovich. Mr Abramovich is currently in the process of trying to find new owners for the London football club. Last week, Prime Minister Boris Johnson introduced legislation to deny Russia and Belarus access to Most Favoured Nation tariff for hundreds of their exports, depriving both nations key benefits of World Trade Organisation (WTO) membership. This means that Russian vodka will see a 35 percent hike in import tariffs imposed on it. READ MORE: Dead Russian soldiers loaded on to trains at night to hide death toll Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak said: "Our new tariffs will further isolate the Russian economy from global trade, ensuring it does not benefit from the rules-based international system it does not respect. "These tariffs build on the UK’s existing work to starve Russia’s access to international finance, sanction Putin’s cronies and exert maximum economic pressure on his regime." Mr Johnson's Government has played a leading role in supplying the Ukrainian army with weapons. Currently, the UK has delivered over 3,6000 anti-tank missiles to Ukrainian troops on the front line. The British-Swedish missiles weigh only 12.5kg and are just over 1 metre long, making them easy for infantry to use. DON'T MISSUkrainian soldiers sing 'God Save The Queen' and praise UK weapons [REVEAL]Putin shame: Sugar delivery causes desperate scramble in shop - VIDEO [SPOTLIGHT]Female Russian spies may pose as Ukrainians to launch Salisbury-style [INSIGHT] They have a maximum range of just 800 metres and have proved deadly effective, according to reports. The British Government is expected to send hundreds more at a cost of another £120m. Ben Wallace, the UK's Defence Minister, has also promised to supply an unspecified number of high-velocity Starstreak anti-aircraft weapons to Ukraine. The Belfast-made weapons are known to be the fastest short-range surface-to-air missile. They accelerate after launch and include three laser-guided submunitions to increase the chance of hitting their targets.