Episode two of Channel 5's drama The Holiday aired on Tuesday night and left viewers with more questions than answers by the end of the episode. Kate's (played by Jill Halfpenny) suspicions of her husband Sean (Owen McDonnell) as he continued to act mysterious and always seemed to be missing. During the episode, many fans all had the same opinions of the characters and immediately picked up on the frosty chemistry they all shared with one another. Kicking off the second episode, the ladies all enjoyed a night out without their husbands and children. Whilst doing a lot of drinking, Kate asked the rest of the group if they knew Jenny (Liv Mjones) had slept with Sean in their first year of university. Rowan (Siobhan Hewlett) and Izzy (Cat Simmons) both looked at each other awkwardly, then reassured Kate that it was before they were together. Back at the hotel, a drunk Jenny told Kate: "I would never do anything to hurt you", before falling into a drunken slumber. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series The next morning when Kate woke up, Sean was once again nowhere to be seen and began to worry Kate as Rowan's husband Alistair (Aidan McArdle) was also looking for her. She soon found him in the basement on an old-style rowing machine where she soon realised his wedding ring was missing. Asking him where it was, the pair ended up in an explosive row before Sean walked out to tend to Jenny, who had been hit in the face was a volleyball. Later, Kate's daughter Lucy (Lara McDonnell) was heard shouting at her younger brother Daniel (Aidan McCann) after finding videos of her crying on his iPad.  As Kate looked through the videos and comforted her daughter, she continued to watch the clips and soon found one of Sean and Jenny embracing one another. Fed up of the lies from her husband, she once again unlocked his phone whilst he was sleeping and messaged the mystery woman to meet her in a private place. Before leaving the villa, she found an open and used pack of condoms in her husband's bag along with their other holiday belongings. As she stormed out of the villa, she made her way through the woods and hid to wait and see who turned up in the spot. DON'T MISS...Jill Halfpenny opens up on grief after partner's devastating death [INSIGHT]The Holiday viewers distracted over camera work [LATEST]Jill Halfpenny details hardest filming challenge in The Holiday [WATCH] After a couple of minutes, it turned out to be Izzy, who was left waiting in the open, looking at her phone as if she was there to meet Sean. Before the episode ended, Kate was seen seething with anger before opening a pocket knife. Is Izzy the one who Sean has been having an affair with? Or is it just a coincidence? Whilst watching the episode, fans soon became annoyed at the lack of "chemistry" and friendship between the families and took to Twitter to air their frustrations.  Cherry Jackson said: "These friends are all full of simmering dislike for each other, I don't understand #TheHoliday." @Andi000211 commented: "If this lot are friends, I wouldn't like to meet their enemies. #TheHoliday." Luca JH sarcastically wrote: "They all get on sooooo well! #TheHoliday." @MissEmmaJV added: "Those women just wouldn’t be friends in real life!! #TheHoliday." Tommo exclaimed: "They are all supposed to be friends of 20 years, it’s as if they all hate each other really, how odd #TheHoliday." Whilst @ASuperGav quipped: "The characters are anti-social, most are neurotic or paranoid. What a waste of beautiful Malta #TheHoliday." (sic) The Holiday continues Thursday at 9pm on Channel 5.