According to Home Owners Alliance, the majority of prospective buyers spend just 20 minutes looking round a property, while missing out on key features that could end up costing them more in the long run. Spring is one of the most popular times of year to buy a house, with more stock on the market and quicker sales as people often want to complete it in time for summer. With that in mind, Swyft's design director, John O’Leary, has shared his tips for what to look out for when buying a property for those considering joining the property ladder (or moving up it) in spring 2022. When looking for a new house there are quite a few things to consider, but what about the interiors you should watch out for when viewing properties? Swyft's design director, John O’Leary, has shared his tips for what to look out for when buying a property that may cost you more in the long run. Natural light is one of the key things to ensure a new home has. John said: “Making a conscious effort to check how much natural light each room gets and where exactly it hits is crucial, especially for smaller properties. “The first reason being, most of us enjoy a home that attracts a good amount of light. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share how not to wash towels - ‘they’ll go nasty’ “The second, and less obvious reason is, thinking about whether you plan to place any key pieces of furniture where the light hits.” Hats more, over time, sunlight can impact the shade and finish of furniture and other things such as leather sofas. One way to combat this is to opt for fabrics that aren’t hugely impacted by sunlight, such as velvets and linens. When viewing a property, a key feature to look out for is storage space. Potential buyers need to decide whether the property is easily accessible and plentiful to hold everything they plan to put in it. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fan shares £1 trick to remove bathroom radiator rust [COMMENT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to remove toilet bowl stains [TIPS]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean floor tile grout [INSIGHT] John explained: “My main tip here would be around the accessibility side, it’s great to have storage but if you can’t manoeuvre a piece of furniture you want to put in it because it’s placed in an awkward position in the house, it will be of little use. “This is where a measuring tape on viewing day comes in handy.” Carpets are very expensive to fit so it’s worth checking which rooms need carpet replacing. John said: “I’m sure we’ve all seen a property listing, fallen in love, then noticed the bright red carpet in the living room. “While it’s easy to think we can just replace that, it’s worth bearing in mind that this can cost anywhere between £700-£2,000. “So, if it’s just in one room it’s probably not a huge issue but if it’s the entire house it’s worth factoring that into your house price budget.” He also explained that it would be a good idea to ask the estate agent what’s underneath the carpet, if it’s a rugged oak flooring, “you’re onto a winner”. The finish of the walls can be an issue, especially if it is wallpapered. John commented: “The colour or pattern may not be to your taste. “This can take more time than one might think to strip and re-wallpaper, or to prepare the walls and paint.” Sometimes walls are papered over to hide cracks, this could take a lot of time to repair and paint over. In some cases, a DIY expert may even be needed for the job. Staircases, metals and fireplaces can be expensive to replace or renovate. John advised: “You want to be checking whether they’ve been panelled in or enclosed, and what type of work will need to be done in order to get them to a place where you’re happy with them. “Typically, these types of replacements can cost anywhere upwards of £800.”