Liverpool star Joel Matip is better than his centre-back partner Virgil van Dijk in one key area, according to Manchester United hero Rio Ferdinand. Reds boss Jurgen Klopp is a huge fan of the Cameroonian, who was trusted to start in Sunday's Carabao Cup final. It was the familiar partnership of Matip and Van Dijk at Wembley, as Liverpool edged out Chelsea to get their hands on the season's first major domestic silverware. The Reds' defenders were kept busy too, with a 0-0 scoreline not doing justice to the thrilling nature of the contest. With Joe Gomez and Ibrahima Konate waiting in the wings, Klopp has more centre-backs than he knows what to do with at present. But the German continues to show loyalty to Matip, and Ferdinand's assessment highlights why. JUST IN: Man Utd backed to axe Harry Maguire in summer with two stars ready to step up - EXCLUSIVE "Matip's underrated," claimed the former England captain on his Vibe with Five podcast. "He’s better at passing through the lines than Virgil. He passes through to the strikers much cleaner. "But Virgil has got that big switch, it's a bad weapon." Matip's vision for a forward pass fits perfectly with Klopp's famous 'heavy metal' brand of football, which sees his teams spring rapid counter-attacks to sting the opposition. DON'T MISS...Tottenham flop Bryan Gil lifts lid on reasons for disappointing spellDonny van de Beek explains view on proving Man Utd ‘wrong’ at EvertonJoao Felix spotted at Carabao Cup final amid Arsenal transfer rumours Having signed for free from Schalke way back in 2016, the 6ft 5in defender, now 30-years-old, has already proven to be one of Klopp's most impressive pieces of transfer business since taking the reins at Anfield. Ferdinand's praise is not to take away from Van Dijk, meanwhile, who also drew praise for his mesmeric ability to play raking cross-field passes. The Dutchman has the accolades to prove his worth, having scooped up the UEFA Men's Player of the Year award back in 2018/19. But Van Dijk recently expressed concern about how his performances are being received since recovering from a cruciate ligament injury which kept him out for most of last season.  "I felt a little bit taken for granted at times, like people were acting as if nothing had happened and everything was normal," he told The Daily Mail before the weekend's win over Chelsea. "I had to really switch off and get myself clear in my head and make sure I told myself that everything that is happening right now is quite good and be proud of it. "It isn’t really normal, after the injury I had, to be able to already play that amount of games and the level I had already reached, in my opinion." 