Italy are out of the 2022 World Cup after underdogs North Macedonia snatched a dramatic late winner in their European qualifying play-off. Played on home turf, the result will go down in history for the reigning European champions who were expected to kick on and show the world what they can do in Qatar. Italy were forced into a World Cup qualifying play-off after finishing two points behind Switzerland in Group C. North Macedonia, meanwhile, had exceeded expectations by pipping the likes of Iceland and Romania to second spot behind Germany in Group J. Nevertheless, the Eastern European side came into the contest as huge underogs, particularly as it was played out in Palmero's Stadio Renzo Barbera. On the night, Italy enjoyed most of the possession and dispatched more than 30 shots at their opposition's goal. Only five of them were on target though and none of them found a way past North Macedonian stopper Stole Mitrievski. Conversely, the visitors converted one of their two shots on target in the 92nd minute when Aleksandar Trajkovski sparked bedlam with a superb long-range strike. JUST IN: Gareth Bale fires angry message to critics after starring for Wales - 'Should be ashamed'  Players, coaches, staff and fans could hardly contain their jubilation at the dramatic turn of events. They reached the Euro 2020 group stages last summer in what was their first major tournament appearance since becoming a member of FIFA in 1994. While they rejoiced in getting that far and losing each of their three matches, Italy went on to win the whole tournament after a penalty shootout victory over England in the final. Their players were left shellshocked as Trajkovski's spectacular effort flew into the net which saw them miss out on a second successive World Cup tournament.  North Macedonia will be rewarded for their historic triumph over Italy by facing Portugal in the next and final round. Otavio, Diogo Jota and Matheus Nunes fired them to a convincing 3-1 win over Turkey on Thursday in a rare encounter which saw Cristiano Ronaldo fail to add to his stunning 115-goal international tally. Elsewhere in the European World Cup qualifier play-offs, Wales saw off Austria 2-1 thanks to two sensational efforts from Gareth Bale. Also scheduled for Thursday evening was Scotland vs Ukraine which was postponed, and Russia vs Poland which was cancelled.  After the final whistle, defeated Italy boss Roberto Mancini said: "I’m more than disappointed, I’ve nothing to say. Something incredible happened tonight. "We deserved to win the Euros, now we’ve been really unlucky… but that’s it, that’s the reality. I’m sorry for the players." 