Lucy Boynton recently starred as Freddie Mercury's girlfriend Mary Austin in the hit movie Bohemian Rhapsody. She has since landed a role in ITV's newest drama, The Ipcress File, as Jean Courtney. Here's what Express.co.uk knows about Lucy's personal life away from the cameras. Lucy has been dating fellow Bohemian Rhapsody star Rami Malek since 2017. The pair met on the set of the 2018 film, which saw the life of Freddie Mercury through his eyes and quickly became a success. They made their relationship public in January 2018 after attending a party in London for one of Alexa Chung's collections. A couple of months later, they were seen sitting next to one another at Paris Fashion Week in March 2018. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series After their initial red carpet appearance, US Weekly confirmed the pair were dating in April. Lucy and Rami allowed for speculation and rumours to run for the rest of the year before Rami confirmed their romance in January 2019 after accepting an award at the Palm Springs International Film Festival. He said: "Thank you, Lucy Boynton. You have been my ally, my confidant, my love. Thank you so much." In an interview with Net-a-Porter in September 2019, Lucy opened up about Rami's success and their relationship. "It's lovely to see people who are excited about his work — if they've seen Mr Robot or [the] Freddie [Mercury biopic, Bohemian Rhapsody] — but it's just that thing of people grabbing him. "I mean, you'd never grab a complete stranger in the street. And I think there's a sense of ownership." The pair keep their relationship relatively private, with neither of them posting on social media about their private life. Lucy recently joined Lorraine on her ITV daytime talkshow and still didn't give much away about their relationship when probed by host Lorraine Kelly. DON'T MISS...Rami Malek's real-life romance with Bohemian Rhapsody co-star [INSIGHT]Rami Malek's actress girlfriend on 'crude' queries about romance [LATEST]Queen: Rami Malek reveals incredible Bohemian Rhapsody Freddie trick [WATCH] Lorraine said: "Congratulations on Bohemian Rhapsody, that was enormous, I mean, it won Oscars. "It won all sorts of things, and that part of Mary was really pivotal to getting to know the character Freddie Mercury, it was a very important role." Lucy agreed: "Absolutely, and I think it is kind of someone that is so a part of Freddie's private life, so not much was known about her. "It was really beautiful getting to investigate that relationship and see how they were each other's safe place." Lorraine probed: "Very much so, they loved each other very, very much, and I am sure she still does. "And you met your gorgeous Rami, isn't he lovely, even when he was a Bond villain!" Lucy reluctantly responded: "He is, yeah, even then." So while the pair are clearly still smitten with one another, there has been no official news of wedding bells just yet. The Ipcress File airs Sunday, March 6 at 9pm on ITV.