There are also a number of signs of long Covid, which may not be related to the severity of illness. A large study shows a long-term, substantial rise in risk of cardiovascular disease, including heart attack and stroke, after a SARS-CoV-2 infection. The researchers compared more than 150,000 veterans who survived for at least 30 days after contracting COVID-19 with two groups of uninfected people. People who had recovered from COVID-19 showed marked increases in 20 cardiovascular problems over the year after infection. These were a group of more than five million people who used the VA medical system during the pandemic, and a similarly sized group that used the system in 2017, before SARS-CoV-2 was circulating. Researchers rates of heart failure and stroke were substantially higher in people who had recovered from COVID-19 than in similar people who hadn’t had the disease. It says: “These risks and burdens were evident even among individuals who were not hospitalised during the acute phase of the infection.” READ MORE: Do hair loss prevention shampoos work? Expert on caffeine treatments  The study researchers state: “Our results provide evidence that the risk and one year burden of cardiovascular disease in survivors of acute COVID-19 are substantial. “Care pathways of those surviving the acute episode of COVID-19 should include attention to cardiovascular health and disease.” It adds information on vaccination status and how this can impact people's risk. “Our analyses censoring participants at time of vaccination and controlling for vaccination as a time-varying covariate show that the increased risk of myocarditis and pericarditis reported in this study is significant in people who were not vaccinated and is evident regardless of vaccination status.”  The NHS says: “Most infections with Covid resolve within the first four weeks. “Long Covid” is an informal term that is commonly used to describe signs and symptoms that continue or develop after an acute infection of Covid.” It notes: “The length of your recovery is not necessarily related to the severity of your initial illness or whether you were in hospital.” The NHS says you should see a GP if you're worried about symptoms four weeks or more after having COVID-19.It adds there are lots of symptoms you can have after a COVID-19 infection, including extreme tiredness, shortness of breath, chest pain or tightness, problems with memory and concentration and difficulty sleeping. The NHS says that other signs are heart palpitations, dizziness, joint pain, depression and anxiety and tinnitus or earaches. The health body says other signs can include feeling sick, diarrhoea, stomach aches, loss of appetite, a high temperature, cough, headaches, sore throat, changes to sense of smell or taste, or rashes. The British Heart Foundation (BHF) says that there is no singular test for long Covid. The BHF says: “Make an appointment to see your doctor if you are experiencing lasting symptoms after Covid. They may refer you for tests such as blood tests and other tests, which could help to show how long Covid is affecting you and how it could be treated, or it may even be that there is another cause for your symptoms.”