Ex-Manchester United midfielder Owen Hargreaves has called for his former side to reconsider their expectations as they embark on a project to return to the top, starting with replacing those who are out of contract at the end of the season. The Red Devils were knocked out of the Champions League on Tuesday night following a disappointing second-leg display against Atletico Madrid. Wingback Renan Lodi scored the all-important goal for the La Liga outfit to secure a 1-0 victory (2-1 aggregate). United struggled to break down Atletico’s strong defensive line and could hardly muster up a chance in the closing stages of the match despite Ralf Rangnick substituting on numerous attacking-minded players. The defeat matched with United’s slim chances of finishing in the top four this season indicates that change needs to begin quickly at Old Trafford, with a new manager expected in the dugout in the summer. But United will need to be patient in their pursuit of returning to the top. Speaking to BT Sport after the 1-0 defeat on Tuesday, Hargreaves said: “There’s a lot of players out of contract in the summer, Pogba, Cavani; Martial’s future is uncertain, Matic as well. There’s a lot of work to be done there." Jesse Lingard is also out of contract in the summer in what will be a forced clearout for Rangnick’s successor. But Hargreaves spoke of how he hopes the new manager is not pressured into needing success now, calling for the higher powers at United to reconsider their expectations. DON'T MISSBillionaire friend of Donald Trump to make last-gasp Chelsea bid as deadline draws nearer [GOSSIP]Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick lands first signing as transfer terms signed [TRANSFERS]Man Utd ‘make another transfer approach’ as Harry Maguire faces being replaced [GOSSIP] "I think take a step back from chasing Liverpool and Man City, they’re in a completely different category right now, they (United) need to get a lot of stuff sorted out behind the scenes. Get a great coach in, get a sporting director, sort out the recruitment strategy.” United are expected to be busy in the summer transfer window, but they have previously splashed the cash wastefully and they are no longer in a position to waste time on stars who aren’t up to the mark. With Cristiano Ronaldo set to be the last striker on the United books, another forward is expected to arrive at the Theatre of Dreams and is a priority. But with, as Hargreaves mentioned, Paul Pogba set to leave too and potentially Nemanja Matic, the club’s long-term issues in the centre of the park will be heightened once more and must be addressed as well.