Prince William and Kate Middleton enjoy a bustling London life at Apartment 1A, Kensington Palace. But when they fancy a change of scenery, where better than their Norfolk residence on the Sandringham Estate? Anmer Hall is steeped in history, coming into possession of the Royal Family in the late 1800s. The Sandringham Estate was bought by Queen Victoria for her son Edward VIII. The current Royal Family spend their Christmases at Sandringham, with the Queen’s residence there being £48.5million Sandringham House. Just over 100 miles north of London, the Estate is the perfect green getaway. READ MORE: 'Great product' to use daily on the toilet to prevent stains The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge opted to spend their time there during lockdown. With three small children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, the 200 acre Sandringham Estate would make for an idyllic daily walk and play. The Cambridges came into possession of Anmer Hall when it was given as a gift to them by Queen Elizabeth II. To make the place their own, the royal couple spent a reported £1.5million in renovations, paid for with Royal Family funds. It already had a swimming call and tennis court for the royals’ recreation time. Renovations included a new pantiles roof, estimated at more than £500,000. Tony Passmore, managing director of Passmore Group called the tiles “rather bog standard”. “Surprisingly, they aren’t much different from the kind of tiles you and I would have on our houses and are actually in keeping with a traditional-style house. “The colour is rather bright but they will weather and in five years or so will look as if they have been there forever,” he told Mail Online. Prince Charles also put his signature stamp on Anmer Hall, with one of his favourite architects, Charles Morris, designing the garden room. This cost approximately £250,000-£300,000. However, Tony revealed that the garden room looks “rather stuck on and doesn’t really fit with the rest of the property”. He stated: “They have incorporated columns to match those on the door to the building but the roof tiles don’t even match. Prince Charles would probably describe it as a carbuncle anywhere else, although I wouldn’t go that far. But it just doesn’t flow.” Nevertheless, House & Garden referred to Anmer Hall as “one of England's loveliest country houses”. Ben Pentreath, who designed the interiors of the marvellous home, stated: “I like effortless rooms that don’t shout “interior designer.” TV interior designer and expert Steph Briggs weighed in on the renovations and the inspiration behind them: “Anmer Hall is a Georgian Country House built in red brick with large windows that offer symmetry, wonderfully high ceilings and fabulous natural light internally. “Although William and Kate have renovated the property extensively it is still packed full of period features that have been sympathetically bought up to date. Kate Middleton was rumoured to have designed it alongside Ben Pentreath, making it a “relaxed modern family home”. But she noted: “This is clearly no ordinary DIY project and the budget has clearly not been frittered.”