Nearly one in three drivers believe people should resit their driving tests when they reach the age of 60. This is increased to more than half of drivers who think people should be tested again when they reach 70 years of age. Those in Northern Ireland agree the most that drivers should retest when they reach 60, with 35 percent supporting the move. Around 31 percent in Scotland thought the same, while just 28 percent of drivers in Wales agreed. This comes as one third of drivers said they wouldn’t be able to repass their theory test, with one in six saying they wouldn't be capable of re-passing their practical driving test. Many drivers have spoken about their confidence declining the longer they drive, prompting the calls for elderly drivers to be retested. READ MORE: Thirty year-old cars pulled from bottom of Scottish reservoir A spokesperson for comparethemarket.com, said: “Age and experience were found to play a significant role in driving confidence. “When asked how many years of driving experience respondents had when they felt the most confident, the research revealed confidence peaks between one and six years of driving experience and then significantly reduces around seven years. “It’s therefore surprising that 57 percent of drivers say they have not taken any proactive steps to become more confident. “When asking participants why they hadn’t chosen to take additional lessons, one in five agreed it was down to expense.” DON'T MISSWhat to do if someone parks in front of your driveway [INSIGHT]Drivers react with fury to city banning petrol and diesel cars [SHOCKING]Sadiq Khan urges drivers to avoid 'unnecessary' car journeys [WARNING] They advise elderly motorists to take steps to increase their confidence when driving. This includes taking additional motorway-specific driving lessons as a way to build up confidence, as well as slowing down and sticking to speed limits. Once a road user reaches 70 years of age, they will need to renew their driving licence if they wish to continue driving. Following this, they will need to renew it every three years afterwards. At the end of 2021, there were calls for elderly drivers to be required to have mandatory eyesight tests. The Older Drivers Task Force said this would act as a “driver MOT”. This would be done for the renewal of a driving licence at the age of 70 and every subsequent renewal. Steve Gooding, director of the RAC Foundation, said: “Allowing older drivers to remain mobile is critical to their mental and physical wellbeing, but so is safety. “A system which helps people address their shortcomings rather than simply penalises them could help maintain this balance. “Most older drivers are very safe and self-regulate their driving, avoiding travelling at night or during rush hour, for example. “But any encouragement we can all be given to reassess our ability to drive safely should be welcomed, not just after an incident but throughout our driving lives.”