Philippe Coutinho is not even considering the prospect of joining Newcastle this summer and the Brazilian will instead focus his effort on joining Aston Villa or Arsenal, according to reports from Spain. The ex-Liverpool playmaker has made quite the impact upon his return to England after teaming up with former Reds team-mate Steven Gerrard at Villa Park. Coutinho has four goals and three assists to his name to date since joining on loan from Barcelona in January. The 29-year-old has also forced his way back into the international picture with Brazil following a turbulent season with injury last term. His remarkable form is now attracting interest from Newcastle, among a list of other Premier League clubs. However, Mundo Deportivo claim Coutinho is only interested in joining two clubs - Villa or Arsenal. READ MORE: Man Utd and Ajax 'have already discussed' Erik ten Hag announcement and compensation fee The Gunners are now said to have 'entered the bidding' as they sound out a potential move for the 29-year-old. Villa can reportedly sign Coutinho for just £34million at the end of the season, as part of their loan agreement. That looks a no-brainer given the level he has performed at since arriving in the Midlands after he netted a goal and provided an assist on his debut from the bench against Manchester United. West Ham have also been loosely linked with a move for Coutinho, who won't be short of options once the campaign has been completed. READ MOREMohamed Salah and Egypt targeted with lasers by Senegal fans in World Cup play-off deciderSadio Mane sends Senegal to World Cup as Liverpool team-mate Mo Salah skies penaltyAjax director shines light on Erik ten Hag mindset after completing Man Utd interview Arsenal have been offered the chance to sign Coutinho on more than one occasion by his agent Kia Joorabchian in the past. Villa remain favourites given they have helped Coutinho find his love for football once again, with the Brazilian planning to base his decision on where he feels 'comfortable rather than money'. His manager Gerrard recently played down the club's position on a permanent transfer, saying they are in no rush to make any final decision until the end of the season. "When he's comfortable, he's happy and he's enjoying his football we all know we're dealing with a world-class talent," Gerrard said. "For me, it doesn't make sense to make any decisions now or say anything else on this, we just need to keep enjoying him and keep him healthy from now until the end of the season." Barcelona signed Coutinho in a blockbuster deal worth up to £142m over four years ago in January 2018. Now Barca are desperate to get him off the books as they look to free up some extra cash to spend. His purple patch since returning to the Premier League this winter means Coutinho is unlikely to be short of suitors this summer - something that hasn't always been the case in recent times.