The Moon is in Virgo all day on Thursday, gradually getting fuller and fuller until it peaks in the early hours of Friday morning. A Virgo Full Moon is significant and all about letting go of what is preventing you from being as productive and successful as you want to be. Express.co.uk reveals the spiritual meaning of Thursday’s Virgo Full Moon. We’re building up to this week's Full Moon in Virgo, and Moon Mentor Kirsty Gallagher said you might be feeling it already. In her recent Instagram post, Kirsty explained that this Full Moon is the last before the Spring Equinox and before Jupiter and Neptune meet. She said: “This Full Moon is a powerful portal for releasing what you don’t want to take into your future with you. “This week is going to be huge for showing you what you need to shed, release, clear and let go of, so as not to take it into this new season and cycle. “All of this will be highlighted by the waxing gibbous moon, and certain areas of your life may feel difficult, uncomfortable and challenging.” READ MORE- Astrology predictions for 2022: What the Jupiter-Neptune conjunctio... All Full Moons bring heightened energy and emotion, but the lead up to this one could be extra bumpy. It might feel uncomfortable at the moment, but the issues you work through will be life-changing. The Moon Mentor and author wrote: “This full moon shows you where you have been holding back from making change and avoided letting go of the comfortable, familiar and what you are complete with. “On Sunday we have the Spring Equinox, the start of the astrological new year and a true new beginning. This week and this full moon are preparing us so that we are ready.” Virgo is a practical and mutable sign, so themes of “editing, adjusting, and grounding” are present right now. Astrology.com explained: “Now is the time to wrap it up. Now is the time for any last-minute edits before the final product. “Full moons represent a six-month cycle coming to head, either with a cycle coming to an end or peaking with a major milestone. “Final touches could be put on long-term endeavours, like tying up loose ends or perfecting something that you’ve slaved over for months. “The Virginal influence has the power to wipe the slate clean of mistakes, leaving a perfected chapter behind with something to show for the work that has been executed.” DON'T MISS...Pisces 2022 yearly horoscope: What the water sign can expect from 2022 [INFORMER]Capricorn 2022 yearly horoscope: What Capricorn can expect from 2022 [INSIGHT]Sagittarius 2022 yearly horoscope: What the sign can expect from 2022 [EXPLAINER] Sixth house themes could also be present during the lunation. This includes routines, healthy habits, work, jobs, and even pets, according to Astrology.com. The site warns: “It is imperative to take note of the regular, daily themes that could come up during the full moon. Ask yourself, ‘Is this how I want to live?’. “Luckily, if you want to make some last-minute adjustments to your routine, now is the time to do so. “Luna is ready to let go of any anxiety-fuelling aspects of your usual processes. “With that, you can also let go of any criticalness since you have the lunar power to make a significant change in your life!”