Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle famously stepped down from their roles as working royals two years ago. Their bombshell exit and subsequent allegations rocked the Royal Family, with the rift yet to be resolved, according to reports. Harry and Meghan now reside in Montecito, an affluent neighbourhood in California. The Duke of Sussex has returned to home just twice since leaving the Firm, both times travelling on his own without Meghan or their two children, Archie and Lilibet. His grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II, has not met Lilibet yet but is thought to be keen on greeting her 11th great-grandchild. This year marks her 70th year on the throne — the first Platinum Jubilee of any British monarch, and will be celebrated throughout the year with various events and activities, including a four-day bank holiday in June. Harry and Meghan have not made any clear indications of whether they will return for the celebrations. JUST IN: Queen 'will remain' head of state after Scottish independence, Ian Blackford says Tom Bower, a royal author, has said that the Duke of Sussex could “regret” not celebrating with the Queen “forever”. Last week, he told Closer magazine: "The next few months will be the ultimate test for Harry, the ultimate dilemma. "He insists he adores his grandmother, so will he come back to support her at Prince Philip’s memorial service, and will he come back to support her and celebrate her reign in the Platinum Jubilee? "These are milestone moments and, sadly, time is running out.” He claimed: "If he doesn’t come back, it’s a clear statement of where lies his loyalty and his own interest. "He’s had many opportunities to return home and spend time with his family – and hasn’t – but this really will show where his and Meghan’s mindsets are. "And if they don’t come back soon, and Lilibet doesn’t meet the Queen and Harry doesn’t celebrate her life and reign with her, it could be something he comes to regret forever." As part of their exit, Meghan and Harry lost their taxpayer-funded UK police protection. In mid-January, it emerged that Harry had filed a claim for a judicial review over a Home Office decision that has prevented him from personally paying for Metropolitan Police protection.  DON’T MISSMeghan and Harry baby number three: Duke and Duchess of Sussex on welcoming another child [LATEST]Prince William’s friends had ‘a problem’ with Kate: ‘Social divide created tensions’  [INSIGHT]Meghan & Harry’s subtle ‘physical clues’ to 'show fans their marriage is strong' unveiled [ANALYSIS] The Duke’s legal representatives claim he “inherited a security risk at birth, for life” which necessitated the need for such security measures. They said: “In absence of such protection, Prince Harry and his family are unable to return home.” Last month, a court heard that the Duke does not “feel safe” in Britain without police protection. He returned to the UK for Prince Philip’s funeral last year but due to the coronavirus pandemic, only a small guest list was permitted at the service. Now restrictions have been completely lifted, Philip’s A Service of Thanksgiving will be held on March 29 in Westminster Abbey.  The congregation will include family, friends, dignitaries and representatives of the many charities and organisations the Duke of Edinburgh was associated with. Royal experts have suggested that Harry may return to the UK despite the ongoing police dispute with the Home Office. Speaking on an episode of Pod Save The Queen last week, Daily Mirror’s royal photographer said: “He’s [Harry] got to come for that [Prince Philip’s Memorial Service] surely. “I think people looking to spot Harry, I think there’s going to be some sightings.” “I’m sure he’ll come for the memorial event.”