Ricky Gervais has been weighing in on the drama of the 2022 Oscars after Will Smith slapped Chris Rock at Sunday’s event. Ricky was quizzed on whether he thought that would have happened to him if he presented the award and made that joke. Ricky has hosted several glitzy awards shows in the past, including fronting the Golden Globes for many years. As a dab hand at presenting the events, many have been wondering about his approach if he’d hosted the Oscars. In particular, viewers were wondering what might have happened had he made the same joke Chris had at the event. As viewers will recall, Will took to the stage and slapped the comedian, warning him to keep his wife’s name out of his mouth.  This was because Chris had quipped he was looking forward to seeing Jada Pinkett Smith in GI Jane 2 over her short hair. This was a sore point for the actress as she’s been open about suffering from alopecia. Posting on Twitter yesterday, user Michael McKean wondered how Ricky may have responded. He wrote: "Thought experiment: same scene, same joke, but replace Chris Rock with Ricky Gervais."  Ricky was quick to reply with a hilarious response to the question. The stand-up comedian quipped back: “You're basically asking if he would slap a much heavier, angrier, drunker man [laughing emoji].” Michael then said: “Maybe you’d have known WS wasn’t coming up for a chummy hug. Discretion, valor, all that.” (sic) However, Ricky couldn’t help but joke: “‘Chummy Hug' is prison slang where I come from.” DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty reacts to 'brilliant news' producer joined The One Show [INSIGHT]‘Broke my heart’ Claire Sweeney forced to sell Mallorca villa [INTERVIEW]Ricky Gervais makes dig at Oscar gift bags degrading 'poor people' [PICTURES]   Following the controversial moment at the Oscars, Will has issued an apology after the Academy condemned his actions. He wrote in a post on Instagram: “Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive. “My behavior at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. (sic) “Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally.” Will also took the opportunity to publicly apologise to Chris.  He wrote: “I was out of line and I was wrong. “I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. “There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness.” Will had previously apologised to the Academy during a tearful speech when he won Best Actor. He also shared how he felt the need to “protect his family” in the industry. 