The television personality appeared on the ITV show to talk about how people can still enjoy their sex lives beyond the age of 60. This Morning's Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby discussed with the broadcaster how her life has changed since she reached the milestone age last month. Explaining the expectation for people to stop enjoying things beyond a certain age, Vanessa revealed she still enjoys sex and offered tips to others. Fans of the show threatened to "switch off" as they accused her chat of being "too much" for a Monday morning. Elaborating on what Vanessa had said, Holly explained: "As a female who has always enjoyed things, whether it be sex, whether it be dining out, whether it be the colour pink, none of that drops off a cliff because you're 60." "That's it!" Vanessa agreed. "I just wanted to say that you know, nobody would say 'On your 32nd birthday, you will suddenly go off lasagna, you won't want to go skiing and you won't want to have sex.' "You won't say that on your 45th birthday. On your 45th birthday, you suddenly won't like anymore the soap that's been your favourite soap your whole life because you're 45. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? "So why, when you're 60, do you suddenly change? "It's as if there's this kind of wall that comes out and you go into 'old lady country' or 'old person country'. "Which is this horrible land where you're not yourself anymore, you're this aged crone and you don't like any of the things you used to like. "And all I want to say is if you liked sex before you still like it." She continued: "If you never really liked it before and you weren't that bothered and you'd rather have a cup of tea and a biscuit, please do. "I'm not trying to make anyone do anything they don't want to do." Vanessa detailed how much she enjoys having sex while she gave viewers tips on how to spice up their love lives. Not everyone was appreciative of the advice though, with many taking to Twitter to complain about the discussion. DON'T MISS... EastEnders triple exit as Gray Atkins arrested after killing two more? [SPOILER]Martin Compston details reason Our House cast resented him [EXCLUSIVE]Madeley blasts Cleverly over UK's handling of Ukraine refugee crisis [VIDEO] Twitter user Kelly McCartney wrote: "Judging by the comments so far I think many of us will switch off when Vanessa talks about her sex life #thismorning." Kate Maisey penned: "Please! This all too much with Vanessa waffling on about sex. #thismorning." Estella Joyce added: "Too much information with Vanessa in 10 minutes #thismorning. "A little too much Vanessa," Mark P commented. Chris Henderson shared: "#ThisMorning oh Vanessa far too much information after the 5th word." Leanne Thomas joked: "Have a good day everyone and remember if any of you were affected by the talk around Vanessa’s sex life, there are places you can go for help. I mean things are hard enough as they are, we don’t need any more burdens #ThisMorning." "Are they STILL discussing Vanessa's sex life?!!" Steven asked. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.