Kaley Cuoco took to her Instagram page to confirm the second season of The Flight Attendant is almost ready to land on HBO. The unpredictable crime thriller proved the former Big Bang Theory star was ready to take on some more dramatic roles after the CBS sitcom came to an end, and fans can’t wait to see her return as Cassie Bowden in just a few months time. Star of The Flight Attendant Kaley revealed three behind-the-scenes photos of herself and her co-stars in her recent Instagram post. Her update from the set of season two confirmed the series is just about ready to wrap up production. She wrote: “Just a few more days left on this season two flight! “These are just a few humans who have made it so special, and I will miss them with my whole heart.” READ MORE: Emmerdale exit for Will Taylor as he becomes Meena's final victim? In the second crop of images, Kaley added: “Expect more photo dumps comin at you! “Bittersweet ending season 2. So proud of what we did! @flightattendantonmax couldn’t have done it without this team.” Her post drew hundreds of excited comments from her 7.1 million followers, as well as some of her co-stars from the series. Mo McRae, who will play Benjamin Berry, replied: “Thank you for keeping it so damn fun every day!” And Kaley’s stunt double for the show Monette Moio said: “I don't want it to end!!!!!” While actress Cheryl Hines, who worked with Kaley on an episode of Curb Your Enthusiasm, wrote: “Kaley! I miss us already!” Fans who fell in love with the show’s first season will have waited well over a year to see the drama continue. The first season wrapped up with plenty of twists back in December 2020. DON'T MISS:Below Deck’s Captain Lee recalls ‘huge mistake’ with wife [INSIGHT]After Life’s Ricky Gervais’ inspiration behind squash scene [INTERVIEW]The Blacklist’s Mierce Xiu star on infuriating storyline [OPINION] The Flight Attendant will be returning for its new season on Thursday, April 21, on HBO Max. The first two episodes are going to be out on this date with the next two instalments released on April 28. Following this point, fans are going to have to wait for one new episode every week. The Flight Attendant season two will conclude on Thursday, May 26. After proving a hit amongst HBO Max subscribers, the network wasted no time in ordering a second season the very next day after the finale. By the end of the first season, viewers finally learned the identity of Alex Sokolov’s (played by Michiel Huisman) killer. However, Cassie isn’t out of the woods yet as the CIA is interested in taking her on as a human asset. Plot details for the second outing are being kept under wraps, but fans should expect another thrilling case for Cassie to solve once the season premieres. The Flight Attendant season 2 premieres on Thursday, April 21, on HBO Max.