A property "set in the heart" of the monarch's Sandringham estate in Norfolk has come on the market. Estate agents have described the home being put up for sale as a "once-in-a-lifetime opportunity". But the incredible property in the 20,000-acre royal estate will set buyers back around £1.2 million. The Grade II-listed home, called Station House, features three double bedrooms and two bathrooms. The residence also boasts an immaculate garden and terrace with views of the stunning Norfolk countryside. The home was built in 1898 and sits next to the now-defunct Wolferton train station, previously used by members of the Royal Family when they travelled to Sandringham. The property is around two miles from Her Majesty's Sandringham House. It was historically the station master's residence. Estate agent Sowerbys said the property is a "magnificent example of a beautiful home capturing the nostalgia of a bygone era". They added: "Set in the heart of the royal Sandringham Estate, Station House is a stunning family home and a truly unique property. READ MORE: Camilla health fears as Duchess forced to pull out of event  "'Rarely available' is a phrase used frequently by estate agents but in the case of Station House this can not be emphasised enough. "This is a once in a lifetime opportunity to occupy an individual and historic home in a prestigious location." The home features two formal reception rooms, a dining room and a sitting room complete with a turret and fireplace. DON'T MISSQueen has 'earned right' to retire on her own terms [POLL]Sophie Wessex’s 'no drama' body language in New York is 'assertive' [ANALYSIS]Inside Lady Louise Windsor’s 120-room Surrey home with Sophie Wessex [INSIGHT] The beautiful property has a turning staircase leading to the bedrooms upstairs. The new owners can look forward to possible glimpses of the royals. The Queen traditionally spends the Christmas period at Sandringham where she is joined by other members of the Royal Family. The head of state will not be the new owner's only royal neighbours. Prince William and Kate have their country retreat Anmer Hall on the Sandringham estate. View the property listing here. 