Regency-era romantic drama Bridgerton is back with its second season and viewers have been introduced to Kate Sharma (played by Simone Ashley). As fans might expect, things get steamy between Viscount Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey) and Kate as they find themselves head over heels in love but their relationship doesn't come without its setbacks. While watching the new episodes of the Netflix drama, fans have questioned how tall actress Simone is.  According to IMDb, the TV star was born on March 30 in 1995, which would make her 27-years-old. She stands at approximately 5 ft 10in (1.78 m) tall. Simone is one inch smaller than her male co-star Jonathan, who is 5ft 11in (1.8 m). READ MORE:Power Book 4: Walter and Serbian war teased in promo  Simone is known for parts in Sex Education, Broadchurch and Pokémon Detective Pikachu. The 27-year-old starlet was born to Indian parents Latha and Gunasekharan, who she lived with in Camberley, Surrey along with her older brother. Despite being raised in a household of academics, she grew up being drawn to the creative arts. Simone and her family later moved to Beaconsfield in Buckinghamshire and have spent time with relatives in Ojai, California. At the start of her acting career, Simone went on to train in acting at Arts Educational School in London.       Taking on the lead in one of Netflix’s most-watched shows, the TV star gushed over female actors who have helped shape her. Hopeful to work with some of the biggest names in her field, she beamed: “I remember watching Freida [Pinto] in Slumdog Millionaire and Mindy [Kaling] in everything she’s done. “She’s incredible. There’s no one like her,” Simone went on to say. “She’s so cool. I’d love to work with her.” She added to Glamour Magazine: “I think she’s an amazing writer, producer.”  Kate’s family includes her mother Lady Mary Sharma (Shelley Conn), who was raised in an aristocratic English family. The Viscount is insistent he will never find his match until Kate arrives on the scene, along with her younger sister Edwina (Charithra Chandran), who is keen to find a suitor. Viewers are drawn in by Kate’s sibling relationship, which is just as important as their romantic love interests, according to the show’s creator Chris Van Dusen.  The showrunner explained why their relationship was fundamental in the latest season of the Netflix smash hit. He told Entertainment Weekly: “I always saw the sisterhood relationship between Kate and Edwina just as important and crucial as the main love story." Shortly after the season release, fans wasted no time binge-watching the entire series. On Twitter, @tomhollandsdaya shared a photo of Anthony and Kate, saying: “Omggg just finished (sic) season 2 I looooove these two #bridgerton.” (sic) @chaoticguitar remarked: “I knew I’d never get over s2 of #bridgerton when anthony realizes Kate is ok and bursts into tears.” “I can never get over Jonathan Bailey’s performance throughout season two," they added. Bridgerton season two is available to stream on Netflix