Kate Middleton and Prince William are in the Caribbean on tour to commemorate the Platinum Jubilee year of Queen Elizabeth II. The couple is making the rounds travelling to Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas. Some individuals also believe that the tour is to persuade the three countries to keep the Queen as their head of state. Royal expert Angela Levin spoke out about their trip on GB News and voiced what hasn't worked this time around. Esther McVey and her husband Philip Davies hosted the Saturday segment where Angela shared her insight on the current tour. Recent published images and videos show the royal couple meeting locals, experiencing some Caribbean customs and meeting official members of power in each location. Angela, however, thinks that not everything is going to plan. She said: 'It's very difficult for them actually. Read More: All Creatures Great and Small's Callum Woodhouse talks season three and 'missing' the pub  "I think they were blocked by pre-organised plans against them. "I think it was extremely rude in Jamaica that as soon as they arrived, just came through the door, that the Prime Minister said 'you should know we are going to take this further and we got our independence, and we want to get rid of the Queen as our head, all together.' "I mean, you don't do that when someone comes through the door, it's basic good manners, isn't it? "You could have had a session where they had a round the table talk about it. "It could have been done in a non-aggressive way." Esther was quick to question that with "isn't that the way now" where people invite selected individuals to talk at events and then ambush them. The host continued: "People want to make that statement themselves, lure you in, make you feel that you're welcome, and actually all it was to do was to make this pronouncement?" Angela couldn't agree more, stating she was "going to say the same thing" and that "social media" is a platform to attack people. The 54-year-old politician and television presenter asked: "Would you say they didn't help themselves?" DON’T MISS…Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle and Rhona Goskirk leave village in April Windsor twist [SPOILERS]How to watch Yellowstone for free in the UK [LATEST]Game of Thrones' Varys star admits being shunned after 'unrecognisable' transformation  [LATEST] She referenced images of the pair shaking the hands of people through a fence and "the other one which I hated where they were on top of a land rover" and said that they "looked from a different age." Angela replied, "No not at all, I quite agree. It was a real public affairs disaster. "Usually their aids go out and investigate the places very, very meticulously." @mythslegendsQ tweeted their thoughts: "I Completely agree. I was also disappointed in William's apology. Why do people who've never been slaves want people who've never been slavers to apologise anyway?" @bignose_billy tweeted: "Woke at its best. "How gently can you say f**k off out of our country & take your white privilege with you." Julio Fartley-Spewer added: "It's sad to see people have nothing better to do than pick on the posh scroungers." GB News continues on Sky on channel 515, Freeview channel 236 and Virgin Media channel 626.