International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan secured a resolution with the US to end the ongoing issue around steel and aluminium tariffs on Tuesday. Ms Trevelyan met Commerce Secretary Gina Raimondo in Washington DC this evening and the US announced an expansive removal of section 232 tariffs. The move re-opens tariff free access for UK steel and aluminium exporters to the US. Ms Trevelyan said: "Today’s announcement is good news for our steel and aluminium industries who have been unfairly hit by these tariffs, and the 80,000 people employed across the sector. It means our manufacturers can now enjoy a high level of tariff-free access to the US market once again. "We have been clear from the start that we would only accept a solution that works for the UK and is in the best interests of both our steel and aluminium industries and this bespoke agreement does just that. "Hopefully we can now move forward and focus on deepening our thriving trading relationship with the US."    The announcement has been hailed by the Government as good news for the steel and aluminium sectors which support the jobs of over 80,000 people across the UK. The changes are due to take effect on June 1. In response, the UK says it will suspend rebalancing measures on US products including whiskey, blue jeans and motorcycles. Both sides have also agreed to work closely to address the wider issue of global steel excess capacity and market-distorting practices.  READ MORE ABOUT CHANGES TO SICK PAY RULES  The announcement is expected to benefit businesses on both sides of the Atlantic and clear the way for the Government to focus on the next steps for the UK-US trade relationship. Gareth Stace, Director General of UK Steel, said: "I would like to congratulate the Government on behalf of the entire steel sector for its success in these hard-fought negotiations which have resulted in a hugely positive outcome for UK steelmakers. "This deal is the culmination of months of dedicated work from Anne-Marie Trevelyan and her department, removing long-standing export barriers and opening up access to the important and high-value US steel market. "The benefits of this deal will be felt by steel companies and their employees right across the UK and is immensely welcome."  DON'T MISS: Dr Shola in incredible attack on Queen 'day of reckoning for royals' [LATEST] 'They're getting cross!' Prince William and Kate in stitches [REVEALED] Flight from Frankfurt-Houston U-turns after 7700 squawk alert [REPORT]     Allan Bell, British Steel’s Chief Commercial and Procurement Officer, said: "British Steel has a long-standing history of supplying quality steel into the US and we welcome this agreement and the opportunities it will bring. "We’ll work with Government to provide any necessary information and look forward to further strengthening relations with our US customers to deliver the products they require." Nick Thomas-Symonds, Labour's shadow international trade secretary, said the partial removal of section 232 tariffs on steel and aluminium was a "long-overdue step". He said: "UK steel and aluminium manufactures have had to face four years of punitive tariffs initially imposed by President Trump."    "Ministers have dithered and delayed, so finally getting these tariffs lifted is a welcome relief. The Government now needs to make sure that this agreement comes into effect at the earliest opportunity. "In their 2019 manifesto, the Conservatives promised a US trade deal by the end of 2022. Ministers need to get moving to secure a stable long-term trading arrangement with the US, and keep their promise to the public." The four-year dispute stemmed from then-President Donald Trump's 2018 global tariffs of 25 percent on steel and 10 percent on aluminum on national security grounds. Britain is a relatively small supplier of steel to the United States.    Its 500,000-tonne quota for finished steel slightly exceeds average UK shipments to the US for 2018 and 2019, and is considerably smaller than the EU quota of about four million tons and Japan's quota of 1.25 million tons. The deal will also allow duty-free imports of another 38,000 tonnes of raw steel made in Britain but finished in EU countries, sources have said. Another unique feature is a requirement that British Steel undergo an annual third-party audit to ensure that it is not receiving unfair subsidies or transshipped products via its Chinese owner, Jingye Group.  US steelmakers had voiced concerns that easing tariffs for allies would allow surges of steel into the United States which could hurt industry profitability. However, futures prices for Midwest hot-rolled steel remain elevated at £858 ($1,138) per ton, compared to £954 ($1,265) a year ago, more than £1433 ($1,900) last August and £622 ($825) when tariffs were first imposed in 2018.