Spurs' North London rivals Arsenal have taken a firm on the remaining Champions League qualification spot in the past month, leaving little room for error to the others still in the hunt. Mikel Arteta's side currently sit in fourth spot with one game in hand on Tottenham and three games in hand on Man Utd. Antonio Conte will be hoping his side can replicate their performance the last time they were in Manchester. Spurs have also won two of their last three visits to Old Trafford - the same number of victories they'd recorded in their previous 26 matches before this current run. Action from Old Trafford will be broadcast live on Sky Sports Main Event and Sky Sports Premier League. The match rounds off Saturday's Premier League action. Coverage starts at 5pm, with kick-off at 5.30pm. The game will be shown live on Sky Sports. If you're not a Sky Sports subscriber, click here to upgrade or check out the latest packages. Along with the Sky Sports coverage in the UK and Ireland, the game will also be shown on several channels across the globe. Man Utd against Tottenham Hotspur will be broadcast on Optus Sport in Australia, Sky Sport 1/HD in Austria, Play Sports 2 in Belgium, Star+ in Brazil, DAZN in Canada, PPTV Sport in China, V Sport Ultra in Denmark, RMC Sport 1 in France, Sky Sport 1/HD in Germany, Cosmote Sport 1 in Greece, 620 NOW Premier League TV in Hong Kong, Sky Sport Football in Italy, DAZN in Japan, Ziggo Sport 14 in the Netherlands, Spark Sport in New Zealand, TV2 Sport in Norway, Canal+ Sport in Poland, Sport TV2 in Portugal, 102 mio Stadium in Singapore, SuperSport Maximo 1 in South Africa, DAZN 1 in Spain, V Sport Premium in Sweden, RMC Sport 1 in Switzerland, and Peacock in the United States. Sky Sports coverage can be accessed online via the dedicated Sky Sports app that is available to download on Apple and Android as well as your Windows or Mac desktop or laptop computer. UK and Ireland readers among you who are out of the country this weekend can also access their Sky Sports account through the use of a VPN service such as NordVPN who are currently offering 70% off two-year contracts and also have a 30-day money-back guarantee. Click here to find out more. 