Manchester United currently have Erik ten Hag on their managerial shortlist as they consider replacements for Ralf Rangnick. The Dutchman has done well at Ajax in recent years, helping them rejoin Europe’s elite. So Express Sport will now take a look at how the Red Devils could line up if they hire the 52-year-old and splash out on the likes of Antony, Declan Rice and Manuel Akanji. Dean Henderson was expected to be United’s No 1 at the start of the season. However, after he missed the early weeks of the campaign due to Covid, he’s struggled for regular action. And that’s because David De Gea is finally back to his best. The Spain international has been a shining light this term, resembling the world-class asset he was during Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho’s spells in charge. So it’s feasible Ten Hag will stick with De Gea, meaning Henderson will likely push to leave. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Aaron Wan-Bissaka has endured a tough season so far, like many other United players. However, given he’s usually solid defensively, he could be Ten Hag’s first-choice right-back over Diogo Dalot if he can improve the attacking side of his game. Likewise Luke Shaw, who is perhaps the better pick at left-back over Alex Telles despite his lack of consistency. With Harry Maguire struggling, United have been tipped to pursue Borussia Dortmund’s Manuel Akanji. So, if they’re able to snap him up, he’ll likely partner Raphael Varane at centre-back. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Ten Hag likes to play a 4-2-3-1 formation at Ajax. And, given he previously managed Donny van de Beek over in Amsterdam, it’s possible the midfielder will get a chance to show what he’s capable of. Paul Pogba should depart on a free transfer and United can use money saved on his big wages to go towards the possible acquisition of Declan Rice. He’s their top target and West Ham may find themselves forced to cash in if the big teams come calling. Playing ahead of Rice and Van de Beek would be Bruno Fernandes, who is a good player for United’s next manager to inherit. Ten Hag has previously hailed Cristiano Ronaldo. So, amid news he’s decided to stay at United, it’s likely he’d start up top as their attacking spearhead. Jadon Sancho has dazzled since Rangnick took charge and the former Borussia Dortmund star would go on the left. Then, on the right, Antony would be a good option. Ten Hag manages the Brazilian at Ajax and a reunion at Old Trafford could possibly appeal to all parties. Speaking recently, former United star Jaap Stam sent a warning over a potential Ten Hag appointment by saying: “Ten Hag is doing very well at Ajax; he makes the team a difficult opponent for everyone in Europe and Holland. “He is very good at showing the players what to do and also at improving individual players. “At Ajax, he obviously has the finances to grow the team with young players. “For him, Man United would be another thing compared to what he is experiencing in Holland. “He has to take this step forward in his career.”