As an accomplished philanthropist and presenter, Bunton is one of the hosts of ITV’s Concert for Ukraine, which is taking place tonight, in order to support the Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal. Last year, the singer spoke out about her heartbreak as she feared she missed the chance to have another child after entering perimenopause. After being diagnosed with endometriosis at the age of 25, Bunton was warned by doctors that she might not be able to have children at all. Fortunately now the mother to two sons, Bunton has faced more heartache as she discovered it may be too late to become a mother again. Reflecting on how she felt after being diagnosed with endometriosis, Bunton told Stella Magazine: “That nearly broke me, I knew I had the right partner and that I wanted to be a mum. I didn’t give up hope; it just wasn’t happening.” Speaking again of her ordeal with friend Rochelle Humes, Bunton said: “It broke my heart. It literally broke my heart and I was frightened.” The NHS explains that endometriosis is a condition where tissue similar to the lining of the womb starts to grow in other places such as the ovaries or fallopian tubes. Symptoms of endometriosis can be extremely severe, with some women badly affected. The main symptoms include:  READ MORE: Pfizer vaccine: Musculoskeletal tissue and nervous system disorders reported in document  Fortunately, Bunton fell pregnant five years after she was diagnosed with endometriosis, and whilst she was taking part in Strictly Come Dancing. “I did a test straight away and I was. I have no idea whether it was doing all that exercise but I was so happy. Strictly got me pregnant,” she said at the time. The 46-year-old now has two sons, Beau and Tate, with husband Jade but in 2021, Bunton revealed that she “cried her eyes out” after discovering she was perimenopausal. Talking to the Mail on Sunday’s You magazine about her initial symptoms, Bunton said: “I started to feel unbalanced and anxious.  “At first I put it down to the pandemic. But then the anxiety became more regular, until it was daily. “I was also lethargic. Something wasn’t right. I looked up the symptoms and saw I had quite a few. So I spoke to someone on Zoom who came to the same conclusion. I was perimenopausal. “It’s been a very weird time. I’m a very mumsy person – when I see my friends’ babies, I always become broody. But now I thought, ‘OK, this is it’.” The Mayo Clinic explains that perimenopause refers to the time during which the body makes the natural transition to menopause, marking the end of the period where individuals can have children naturally.  Individuals can start perimenopause at different ages, with the average age somewhere between mid-30s and 40s. Throughout the menopausal transition, and as oestrogen levels decline, individuals might experience: In order to cope with the perimenopause, Bunton started a course of low dose hormone replacement therapy (HRT), the most common treatment to help individuals cope with menopause. There are many different types of HRT and individuals can either use tablets, skin patches, gels and vaginal creams. Alternatives treatments to HRT include vaginal oestrogen, which releases a small amount of the hormone which is then absorbed by vaginal tissue or antidepressants which ay reduce certain symptoms of menopause including hot flushes. 