As the property market continues to boom across the country, many homeowners are looking to get their homes on the market and sold for a good price. To get the best price for a property, it’s important that the interior of a home looks its best. To help homeowners get the best out of their home and boost property value, premium home interiors brand, Neville Johnson has worked closely with leading property experts at Foxtons estate agents to unveil the five renovations which could add value to a home. Ryan Ninnis from Foxtons said: “Presenting a stylish, well-designed, and functional home to buyers is a key way to differentiate and sell your property quickly. “We regularly see increases in value of 15-20 percent for owners who have made home improvements that appeal to the demands of the local market.” The experts have focussed on five key areas of the home to help create a well-organised, stylish home that will appeal to potential buyers. Staircases are often overlooked in a home but they’re actually one of the first aspects of a home buyers see. READ MORE: Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home Property experts at Foxtons said a buyer will make up their mind about a property within the first 30 seconds of walking into a home. Therefore, homeowners need to ensure their hallways and staircases look well-presented to attract buyers from the offset. Homeowners are currently putting a premium on space which means fitted bedroom furniture is a sure way to add value to a property. The experts said buyers will likely be looking for clever storage solutions in all property types, especially in new-build homes.  DON'T MISSHow to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [INSIGHT]‘The risk is real’: Monty Don shares warning on Gardeners’ World [UPDATE]Lawn care: The ‘crucial’ mowing trick to avoid lawns diseases [ANALYSIS] In period properties, fitted wardrobes can be a great way to maximise on storage while still working with original features. As homeowners continue to work from home, a multifunctional study has never been more important to a property. A multifunctional study is, historically, a great way to add value to a property and can be a massive asset when it comes to selling. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea A luxurious, fitted dressing room can make buyers fall in love with a home. A master bedroom with a dressing room and an ensuite is high on the list for buyers now, according to the experts. Adding a dressing room can add value to a property, with buyers willing to pay more for the space. With more people working from home, it has never been more important for homeowners to have a space where they can escape from the stresses of home-working life.   Over the past two years Neville Johnson have seen an increase in home library projects. A home library can be a real focal point in a home, especially if its finished to a high standard. For period homes, a traditional-looking library with mullions, skirting and cornicing will look luxurious and fitting with the age of the property. In a modern home, homeowners can opt for a contemporary library with shelf lighting and seamless doors.