Monday may not be the most popular day of the week, especially if it's back to work after a weekend of relaxing. On the plus side, a new day means a new Wordle, even if the latest puzzle is one of the hardest yet. With Wordle 261 available for March 7, Express Online has put together a selection of spoiler-free clues to help you uncover the correct answer. Just head down to the bottom of the page for specific hints for Wordle 261. And remember, you'll need to figure it out before March 8. Good luck! Wordle is a pretty straightforward game, but just in case you're new to the daily puzzle, this is how it works. Fans are given six chances to correctly guess a five-letter word. For each guess, the letter tiles will show up in one of three colours. If the letter tile turns grey, the letter does not appear in the word you are guessing. If the tile turns yellow, the letter you guessed is in the word, just not in the correct position. If the tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the right place. You can share your score on social media (for bragging rights), while the app keeps track of your statistics. Indeed, if you've been a fan since the early days of Wordle, chances are you've built up quite the winning streak. If you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the next day for a new Wordle to be released - plus your streak will be reset back to zero. Read on for some general Wordle tips, followed by three specific clues for Wordle 261... Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'CRANE' is a good word to start with, while 'GHOUL' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 261 clues... 1. Wordle 261 contains two vowels. 2. Wordle 261 starts with the letter 'H'. 3. If you've been playing Wordle since day one, you've probably amassed a huge collection of victories. Don't hide them away.