Outlander fans are being treated to an extra-long premiere of the Starz historical drama as it returns. The first episode will be 80 minutes, which makes up for the shorter season. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time the show will be arriving. Fans of the time travel drama were sad to hear season six would be shorter than previous instalments. A total of eight episodes, instead of the usual 12, will air this year. The premiere is the longest of its kind to date for the series, making it a night to remember. Fans can expect plenty of romantic moments between Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) and Claire (Caitriona Balfe). There is also a crucial flashback introducing viewers to antagonist Tom Christie (Mark Lewis Jones). READ MORE: Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe shares concerns over playing Claire Outlander season six premieres on Sunday, March 6 on Starz at 9pm Eastern Time. The new series will also air on Netflix in other parts of the world such as Belgium, France and Japan. For fans in the UK, they are able to watch the new episodes via STARZPLAY. The channel is available to watch via Amazon Prime Video and it can be downloaded on Android and Apple devices. An exact time for the STARZPLAY release has not been announced. Viewers have already been given some clues as to what to expect this season. The Christies will be moving to Fraser's Ridge and Jamie has plenty of history with Tom. They spent time at Ardsmuir together and did not always get along. The premiere length has been extended so it can set up all the new storylines. Another newcomer to season six is Amy McCallum (Joanne Thomson). DON'T MISS... Outlander: Jamie star Sam Heughan on ‘awkward’ sex scenes [INTERVIEW] Outlander's Sam Heughan shares his reaction being called ‘grotesque’ [INSIGHT] Outlander’s Sophie Skelton opens up on adapting to ‘different’ set [INTERVIEW] In the original books by Diana Gabaldon, Amy McCallum is a widow from Scotland living on Fraser's Ridge. Her husband died a month after they arrived and she is the mother of Aidan and Orrie McCallum. Fraser's Ridge is under threat as the American Revolutionary War looms. In the sixth book, the year is 1772 and there are already men dead in the streets of Boston. The book's synopsis warns: "With chaos brewing, the governor calls upon Jamie Fraser to unite the backcountry and safeguard the colony for King and Crown. "But from his wife, Jamie knows that three years hence the shot heard round the world will be fired, and the result will be independence — with those loyal to the King either dead or in exile. "And there is also the matter of a tiny clipping from The Wilmington Gazette, dated 1776, which reports Jamie’s death, along with his kin. "For once, he hopes, his time-travelling family may be wrong about the future." Fans can sign up and receive three months of Starz for $5 per month. Via an Amazon Prime Video account, it will cost $.99 per month for two months and $8.99 per month after that.  Outlander season 6 will arrive on Starz on Sunday, March 6 at 9pm ET. Fans in the UK can watch via STARZPLAY.