Dawn French was the main actress in the popular comedy show French and Saunders, along Jennifer Saunders. Dawn dropped over seven stone after she broke up with her ex-husband Lenny Henry. The actress explained, however, that she also needed to slim down for a hysterectomy. Before her weight loss journey began, the star weighed 19 stone. In order to get her keyhole surgery after a cancer scare, she admitted she had no choice but to lose weight. READ MORE: Kate and William to spend 'quality time' with Meghan and Harry soon  Dawn said: “When I was due to have my hysterectomy the doctor told me that if I could lose some weight before the op, they would be able to do it via keyhole, and I would recover in three weeks or so. “Otherwise it would be big open surgery, and three months to recover.” But how did she do it? The star revealed she based her new diet on low-calorie meals and started exercising regularly. She explained: "I set about dropping a few stone. No magic wand, just tiny, joyless low-cal eating and lots more walking for weeks and weeks. “It was grim. I lost seven-and-a-half stone. I could have the keyhole surgery. Great. That’s all it was, practical," she explained. Dawn managed to lose an impressive seven stone by following a balanced and healthy diet and exercising more often. However, she admitted struggling to maintain her new weight. The star said: "I shed the weight a long time ago, I go up a bit, down a bit, feel no different. "I'm still Dawn, I liked the old Dawn, I may go there again, depends how many doughnuts I decide to eat," she told Loose Women. “I've gone back to being an entire barrel but do you know what, I'm going to be 63 this year, I don't give a f***, I really don't, so long as I can walk. “I’m not going to be stingy to myself anymore. I never did dislike anything about my body, even when I was very, very fat. I refuse to be forced to dislike myself. “I used to get really angry when I did lose weight, people going, 'You look so well,' as if you looked awful before - rewarding you for managing it, which is not easy, I accept that. “But I didn't want people to give me approval. It's so patronising." The NHS explains a low calorie diet "is a clinically supervised diet plan that involves eating about 800 calories a day or fewer". "They are sometimes considered for obese and severely obese people who are managing diabetes, going to have surgery or preparing for fertility treatment. The diet usually involves replacing normal food with low-calorie shakes, soups, bars, or porridge containing milk." However, the health body warns: "Very low calorie diets should only be followed under medical supervision for a maximum of 12 weeks. Do not follow a very low calorie diet unless a GP has suggested it to you."