Series 11 of Vera was put on hold due to the coronavirus pandemic, meaning ITV bosses had to spread out when the episodes would air. Four episodes of the drama have already aired, and the final two instalments are expected to air later this year. Brenda Blethyn has played leading lady DCI Stanhope since series one, and her original sidekick was Joe Ashworth (played by David Leon). However, following his sudden departure, Joe was replaced with Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty), who joined in 2015. Despite having a rocky start to their working relationship, Vera and Aiden have become like peas in a pod when solving murders. Throughout the pandemic, the cast and crew faced difficulties when filming but they managed to make it work. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one Speaking in a new interview, Kenny paid a tribute to his co-star as he admitted he wouldn't have gotten through the difficult times without her. He began: "We might have had a tough day at work and we’d come in, make a cup of tea, sit down and watch the TV and we wouldn’t have even said a word to each other. "Other nights we’d come in and howl with laughter, talk about the day we’d had, run through lines for the next day, talk about the scripts and the people we’d been working with. "We loved watching the Euros together too, that was something we could discuss and get involved with." The Aiden Healy star went on to admit that Brenda was his "saving grace". He continued: "But it was really hard not doing any of the things we used to do like going out for a meal, going to the pub or to the theatre and although I did feel very lucky to be working I naively thought that I would have been able to get through that time a lot easier than anticipated. “The saving grace of this difficult time was Brenda. I couldn’t have gotten through it without Brenda’s wicked sense of humour." Brenda explained both the cast and crew "play a very important part to the success of Vera". DON'T MISS...Bake Off's Paul Hollywood opens up on Matt Lucas' 'nerves' [INSIGHT]Emmerdale tragedy as Arthur Thomas goes missing? [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise's Madeleine star spills on friendship with Ardal [EXCLUSIVE] "The Vera family works very well together," the actress said. "We have a great rapport. A great laugh too. Lots of people have told me that Jon Morrison is the most convincing copper on the telly. "He’s been with Vera the longest and a real anchor, and where would Vera be without Aiden, Mark and Jac? "She gives them some stick but their loyalty remains steadfast. Even the grumpy pathologist seems to enjoy goading Vera. "Paul Kaye is hilarious, I love my scenes with him." The remaining episodes of series 11 may not have aired just yet, but the cast is already back in Newcastle filming for season 12. During an appearance on This Morning, Brenda told hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby that filming began on Monday, March 14. Brenda explained that she had just finished filming for Kate and Koji and was straight back to filming Vera. When asked about how long filming would go on for, the actress said: "It is about six or seven months.” Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.