Saturday Night Takeaway host Stephen Mulhern has taken to Twitter to share a health update with his concerned fans after going missing from the show since the latest series started a few weeks ago. The Catchphrase presenter, 44, explained he had been told to take a break from the show "on doctors orders" as he promised fans that he'll be "back to work soon". In view of his 674,000 followers, Stephen wrote: "Hello all, Sorry I’ve been quiet on here recently and thank you for all your lovely messages. I’ve had some time off and been resting up on doctors orders. "I’m on the mend, I’m happy to say, and looking forward to getting back to work soon. "In the meantime..." he went on before continuing in another post. Stephen wrote: "... I’ll put my feet up and watch Saturday Night Takeaway tonight with the rest of you lot. READ MORE: BBC's Deborah James 'so sad' after being rushed back to hospital "Please don’t miss me too much! "Lots of love, Stephen. X" he signed off. Following his update, fans of the magician flocked to the comments to inundate the star with well-wishes. Gemma Willmott wrote: "Sorry to hear you are poorly. "Saturday Night Takeaway is not the same without you. "Sending you lots of get well wishes. "You are amazing and our favourite entertainer. Take care xx" they ended the post. While Cymoril Gray penned: "We’ve missed your special brand of humour, but are pleased you are taking doctors orders seriously and resting up. Sending healing hugs." DON'T MISS... ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Martin Roberts shares update as he heads to Ukraine border in his van [UPDATE]J.K. Rowling slams Keir Starmer as 'unable to defend women's rights' [ANALYSIS] Stephen sparked concern amongst Saturday Night Takeaway viewers last week following his repeated absence a few episodes into the series. The show's most recent episode where contestants "don't just watch the adverts, they win them" had Paloma Faith as the guest announcer with appearances from Fleur East and Strictly Come Dancing's Craig Revel Horwood. Despite having a star-studded roster, regular Mulhern was nowhere to be seen. As the 90-minute show progressed, fans soon took to social media to voice their concern, with the star having missed two weekends in a row. @drs710 tweeted: "I hope @StephenMulhern is OK, the show very much missed his presence ... #SaturdayNightTakeaway." Gemma Browne added: "#SaturdayNightTakeaway where is Stephen? He's not been in the show for the past two weeks??" "I love #SaturdayNightTakeaway, but where's @StephenMulhern star of stage and screen?!" Hayley Cahill commented. Stephen has worked with Geordie pair Ant and Dec for many years and is a staple on ITV, appearing on many of the channel's shows, including In for a Penny and Rolling In It.