The advanced rates of PIP can provide disabled Britons with £152.15 per week, with rates due to increase by 3.1 percent next month. The assessment for PIP is notoriously intimidating, but the charity Turn2Us has revealed what assessors are looking for and how points are accumulated to help disabled Britons get what they are entitled to. PIP is split into two aspects, each of which have a higher and lower rate, depending on the type and impact severity of their illness or disability. The daily living component currently offers £60 on the lower rate and £89.60 for the higher and  the mobility part provides £23.70 and £62.55 on the lower and higher rate respectively for Britons who struggle with getting around. The assessment is also split into two parts to measure claimants’ entitlement to each part. To receive the lower weekly rate, claimants must achieve between eight and 11 points for the daily living needs and mobility needs tests. The higher rate requires a score of 12 points or more. The daily living section of the assessment includes the following activities: If a claimant can make a simple, hot meal like a cheese and tomato omelette, on their own without aids, such as a stool to sit on, they will not receive any points for this task.  Claimants that can make this meal using an aid, use a microwave instead of a cooker or need someone to remind them or tell them to make it will receive two points. Four points can be achieved if the claimant needs someone with them to supervise or assist and eight points can be awarded to those who cannot make a meal at all. Claimants that do not need assistance cutting food, putting food and drink in their mouth, chewing and swallowing will not receive any points. Two points are awarded for claimants that need someone else to cut their food, watch them as they eat, use a parenteral or enteral tube with a delivery system or require a special aid to feed themselves. Those who need to be reminded to cut food, put it to their mouth, chew and swallow will be awarded four points and six is given to those with a parenteral or enteral tube that they require assistance with.    If claimants require someone else to put the food or drink in their mouth they can get 10 points. Britons who have no prescription medication or activities to do at home or are able to take and do these activities on their own will not receive any points. One point is awarded to those that need an aid or someone to remind and two points are awarded to Britons who have therapy that take up to 3.5 hours per week that requires assistance or someone to remind or watch them. Britons can get four points for therapy that takes 3.5 to seven hours per week, six points for therapy that takes seven to 14 hours per week and eight points for over 14 hours per week with the same requirements as the two points. Britons that can wash and bathe without help will not get points, while those who need aid, reminder, someone to watch or help with hair and washing below the waist can get two points. Three points are awarded if they need help getting in or out of the shower and four for those who need someone to help wash between their shoulders and waist. Britons who cannot wash or bathe themselves can get eight points. Britons who can go to the toilet and clean themselves without special aids or have incontinence but can manage it themselves without special aids will not receive any points. Those that need an aid, reminder to use the toilet or manage their incontinence can get two points while claimants who need assistance from another person to get on or off the toilet, go to the bathroom or clean themselves can get four points. Six points are awarded to those who suffer from incontinence and need assistance to manage and clean themselves. No points are given to those that do not need assistance or aid to complete this task while those that need aid, reminder or assistance to dress or undress their lower body can get two points. Four points are awarded to those that need help with their upper body and eight for those that cannot do this task independently at all. Claimants that can speak and understand others without help or aid will not receive points but those with aid can receive two and claimants who need a trained or experienced person to help them can receive four points. Eight points are awarded to those who need a specially trained person to help them say or understand a simple sentence and those that cannot speak or understand even with specially trained assistance can receive 12 points. Britons who can read and understand written sentences with glasses, contact lenses or without help or aids will not receive points, while those who do use aids or needs assistance or encouragement can receive two points. Four points are given for those who can only read or understand when reminded or encouraged and eight points for those that cannot read or understand signs, symbols or words at all. People that can socialise with others, on their own or in small groups without assistance won’t receive points and those that can only socialise if reminded or encouraged can receive two. Four points are awarded for those that require a specially trained person to help them social and eight points for those that can’t socialise as it makes them distressed or want to hurt themselves or others. No points are given to claimants that can budget and pay their bills without help, two points are given to those that need help or reminders, four if they can only add up their shopping and work out the change if reminded or assisted and six points if they cannot do this even with assistance.