British tourists can now visit the areas of South Sinai and Faiyum without essential reasons for travel. Egypt has many popular tourist resorts including those in Sharm El-Sheikh. Gareth Bayley, British Ambassador to Egypt, tweeted: “Great news for British tourists! “We’ve changed our travel advice to no longer advise against all but essential travel to the southern part of South Sinai and Faiyum. “It’s now easier than ever for the 100s of 1,000s of Britons who visit Egypt yearly to see more of this amazing country.” The FCDO still advises against all travel to the Governorate of North Sinai in Egypt. READ MORE: Ryanair hand luggage policy - cabin bags It advises against all but essential travel to the northern part of the Governorate of South Sinai beyond the St-Catherine Nuweiba road and the area west of the Nile Valley. British tourists can find all the current information and travel advice for Egypt on the FCDO website. The British Embassy in Egypt tweeted: “We’ve updated our travel advice today, making it easier for Brits to visit Egypt. “With the removal of Covid-19 measures on return to the UK, now is the perfect time to book that holiday.” Egypt’s ambassador to the UK, Sherif Kamel, welcomed the UK’s Government’s move to relax restrictions. Before the travel update, Sharm el-Sheikh was the only region in Egypt’s Sinai Peninsula which was judged safe for travel. The region has many all-inclusive resorts where tourists can enjoy beaches, nightlife and good weather. Tourists visiting the South Sinai could explore the Ras Mohamed National Park which offers incredible yachting and diving. Britons could enjoy a 4x4 desert safari in Faiyum, which is located 100km south of Egypt’s capital Cairo. Egypt has suffered from terrorist attacks in the past with the majority of attacks taking place in the North Sinai. In 2015, a Russian passenger plane was brought down by a bomb in the Sinai Peninsula, killing all 224 people onboard. Egypt is a popular holiday destination in Russia and could be impacted by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Fully vaccinated British tourists can travel to Egypt without needing to quarantine or take a test . Unvaccinated Britons will need to present a negative Covid test taken within the last 72 hours. Egypt will not accept proof of recovery certificates to enter. Unvaccinated passengers may be able to pay to take a PCR test on arrival at some resort areas. They will need to self-isolate at their hotel until they receive a negative test result which could take around 24 hours.