The Duchess of Cambridge was joined by other senior royals at the Commonwealth Day Service, which is marked each year on the second Monday in March. Kate was joined by her husband Prince William alongside Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. The Queen missed the occasion for the first time in a decade. According to Buckingham Palace, the monarch asked her son Prince Charles to represent her at the service. A statement from the Palace said: "After discussing the arrangements with the royal household, the Queen has asked the Prince of Wales to represent Her Majesty at the Commonwealth service at Westminster Abbey on Monday. "The Queen will continue with other planned engagements, including in-person audiences, in the week ahead." The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrived at Westminster Abbey yesterday afternoon and were greeted by politicians, dignitaries and foreign leaders in attendance. Kate, 40, stunned in a bespoke royal blue coat dress designed by Catherine Walker paired with a matching hat, blue velvet heels and black gloves. Her outfit instantly sparked a frenzy on social media with royal fans saying they were stunned by the look, which they called “classy” and “elegant”. One Twitter user, Isabel C Martins, said: “Wonderful coat dressed in a beautiful color. I love the hat, it is absolutely beautiful, Lovely and elegant couple” Another, Alison C, also commented on the couple: “They look so relaxed and happy.” Many royal observers viewed the Duchess’ choice of a vibrant blue outfit as a show of support for Ukraine and the millions of people suffering at the hands of Russian President Vladimir Putin, who invaded the country nearly three weeks ago. Kate also opted for the same earrings and necklace she wore back in 2020 when she and her husband William met Ukrainian Volodymyr Zelensky and his wife Olena at Buckingham Palace in another apparent nod to the people of Ukraine and their leader. It comes just days after the Duchess donned a bright blue jumper and a Ukrainian flag badge when she visited the Ukrainian Cultural Centre in London last week. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were warmly welcomed by members of the public when they arrived at Westminster Abbey, where they were married almost 11 years ago, before taking their place inside the abbey. READ MORE: Kate and Prince William stand united at Commonwealth Day service The royals were joined by Prime Minister Boris Johnson and hundreds of other foreign leaders and dignitaries for the event, which takes place annually to celebrate the 54-strong membership of the independent nations that make up the Commonwealth. Yesterday’s service was the first in-person meeting of Commonwealth leaders and members since the beginning of the pandemic. The Queen issued a heartfelt message ahead of the service, where she was not present for the first time in a decade. In a message on the Royal Family’s official Twitter account, she said: "Our family of nations continues to be a point of connection, cooperation and friendship. "It is a place to come together to pursue common goals and the common good, providing everyone with the opportunity to serve and benefit. "In these testing times, it is my hope that you can draw strength and inspiration from what we share, as we work together towards a sustainable and prosperous future for all." DON'T MISS:Ukraine war LIVE: Putin's troops 'walk into ambush' [LIVE]Russian TV protestor hailed as ‘unflinchingly brave’ [LATEST]44,000 Brits rush to help refugees as new website crashes [BREAKING] The monarch was represented by her husband Prince Charles who was joined by his wife Camilla. Prince Charles was named the next Head of the Commonwealth in 2018, meaning he will succeed the Queen in the role after her reign ends. Clarence House confirmed that the Prince of Wales will also represent the Queen on June 20, when he and Camilla will attend the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Kigali, Rwanda, in June. In a statement regarding the upcoming meeting, the Prince of Wales said: "As the world works to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic, and in this Jubilee year, it is more important than ever that the countries of the Commonwealth come together. "As a family of some 2.6 billion people from 54 nations across six continents, the Commonwealth represents a rich diversity of traditions, experience and talents which can help to build a more equal, sustainable and prosperous future. "With this shared sense of common purpose, and in view of recent, enforced postponements, my wife and I are delighted to be attending the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Kigali, Rwanda, in June."