As the cost of living crisis shows no sign of slowing down, there has never been a better time to see if you could save money. Almost half a million people (400,000) are thought to be paying too much council tax because they’re in the wrong band. News that council tax is also due to rise next month will leave many households worried about how they are going to manage. While low income households could be eligible for a 100 percent reduction, others could be owed a refund because they’re in the wrong council tax band. Financial journalist Martin Lewis has been campaigning on this issue for years in an attempt to help people make savings where they can. On his Money Saving Expert (MSE) website he recently wrote: “Council tax bills are set to rise by around 3 percent for millions of households on 1 April, adding to the cost of living crunch. READ MORE: Pensioners urged to claim disability benefits worth hundreds of pounds He continued: “It's more important than ever therefore to check you're paying the right amount of council tax, whether that's because you're in the wrong band or simply not claiming a legitimate discount. “Thousands have tried and succeeded, and payouts or discounts worth £100s or £1,000s are commonplace.” A successful evaluation of someone’s council tax band could save people up to £400 each year. In addition, payments can be backdated to when the current householder moved into the property which could add up to thousands. DON'T MISS:State pensioners could be eligible for extra £358 a month [UPDATE]‘It’s a joke!’ State pensioners demand reversal of triple lock freeze [INSIGHT]PIP claimants urged to claim 10 freebies that could save thousands [ALERT] In 2020, one man challenged his band and saved himself and his 29 neighbours tens of thousands of pounds, according to MSE. People can check their council tax band by using the online tool at Gov.uk. For properties in England and Wales, people need to submit their challenge to the Valuation Office Agency (VOA). They will usually review the band and decide whether to agree to the challenge. Anyone who lives in a Band A to D property should receive a £150 rebate on their council tax soon. People who are exempt from paying council tax could still get this financial help but they’ll need to get in touch with their local council. Meanwhile, nearly three million (2,770,000) people are missing out on council tax discounts according to data from Turn2Us. This could be because they aren’t aware that they are entitled to a reduction on their bill. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Eight ways to save money on council tax: