The fate of some of Ukraine’s cities remains uncertain as of Monday evening, with heavy attacks from Russian forces killing countless civilians in the process. Guerrilla warfare is being witnessed in some of the most heavily bombarded cities - but how much of Ukraine has Russia captured, and what remains? Kyiv remains Russia’s key objective, and would hold the key to any chance Russia has of placing its own regime in the country. Russia is not yet within effective artillery range of Kyiv, according to the Institute for the Study of War - but this is expected to change in the near future. Russian forces bombed a mall in central Kyiv on Sunday night, burying several people in rubble and killing eight. Due to a lack of advancement on the capital, military experts have warned that Moscow could turn to progressively deadlier siege tactics and missile strikes on Ukrainian cities and civilians, to compensate for its lack of battlefield progress.  READ MORE: Zelensky proposes radical new referendum plan to END Russian war Mariupol is currently the most bombarded city in Ukraine, having suffered the brunt of Moscow’s most recent attacks. Mariupol is of significant strategic importance to Russia, as it secures a land corridor between Crimea and Donbas - both Russia held territories. It’s also a key export hub, meaning its seizure will strangle the Ukrainian economy. The city rejected a surrender call from Russia’s military, even as guerrilla warfare continues on the streets. However, much of the city is not under Russian control yet, and the Ukrainian defenders may hold out for some time depending on the availability of weaponry, food, energy and water. Kherson is the largest Ukrainian city captured by Russian forces, and has seen regular protests since the occupation began in March. Protesters were shot by Russian forces today, within any fatalities currently unknown. The Ukrainian armed forces' press service said in a statement: "Russian security forces ran up, started throwing stun grenades into the crowd and shooting.”  DON'T MISSPutin's Plan B: What will Russia do next in Ukraine? [ANALYSIS]Russia and China's terrifying combined army size [EXPLAINER]Russia puts EU on nuclear alert as block stockpiles iodine tablets [REPORT] The key port city of Odesa was first raided by Russian forces on Monday morning, according to Ukrainian officials. The city council has so far confirmed no casualties. However, after Mariupol, the UK Joint Forces Command warned that Odesa is Russia's next "logical" target. Sir Richard Barrons said: "I think they will now turn to Odesa because that is logically the next place to go in the south and there seem to be more ships in the Black Sea pointing at it." Russian forces currently hold the eastern city of Kharkiv. Russian shelling this week in Kharkiv has caused numerous casualties, including Holocaust and concentration camp survivor Boris Romantschenko, who died aged 96.