Cut flowers make a gorgeous centrepiece for a table or are an easy way to add a pop of colour to your home. While they can not stand the test of time, there are some simple hacks that can keep your bouquets blooming for a little while longer. Experts from Pro Flowers conducted a study where they tried out an array of hacks and old wives' tales said to keep flowers healthy - and one unusual hack came out on top. According to the study, popping your flowers into the fridge overnight is the "best" way to keep flowers alive for longer. Though the idea of putting your vase in the fridge when you go to bed might sound odd, there is actually logic behind it. You may have noticed that florets keep their bouquets in fridges, and there is a good reason why. READ MORE: How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients Pro Flowers explained: "Flowers are said to thrive in cooler temperatures. "It is thought that the low temps help slow the ageing." Keeping your flowers at a cooler temperature can also slow water loss and keep your blooms looking crisp. To store the flowers correctly, fill around three-quarters of your vase with water, then place your blooms into the vase. DON'T MISS‘Highly effective’ 30p trick to kill driveway and patio weeds [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share £1 baby product for getting rid of ants [REVEALED]'Pick me up for your lawn': 'Amazing' product will make grass greener [COMMENT] For the best results, Pro Flowers recommend storing your flowers for eight hours - which is enough time for your to get a good night's sleep. The experts added: "The bouquet that went in the fridge overnight came in first place and is the best way to make flowers last longer. "This bouquet was looking healthy even on day 10." In their study, Pro Flowers also found that adding sugar to the water in your vase can help flowers to last a little bit longer, and recommended doing this in the form of a fizzy drink. According to the experts, adding a quarter cup of effervescent liquid into a vase full of fresh flowers can help them to "last longer". They said: "Looks like flowers enjoy some extra sweetness, the soda came in as our runner up trick to making flowers last longer. "In fact, even on day 10, the soda bouquet was looking just as healthy as day one with the only difference being the flowers opening up more."