The 46th US President made the comments to reporters on Wednesday in the first time the White House has used such language about the Russian President. However, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov hit back, branding Biden’s remarks “unacceptable” and blasted the hypocrisy of the US President.  He said: “Unacceptable and unforgivable on the part of the head of a state, whose bombs have killed hundreds of thousands of people around the world.” White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki said the President had been “speaking from the heart” when making the comment. Ms Paski added that Mr Biden had made the comment after seeing “barbaric” footage of the violence in Ukraine rather than making an official declaration. It comes after Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky made a virtual appearance in the US Congress appealing for help and a no-fly zone over his country.  Mr Zelensky also compared the Russian invasion of Ukraine to the September 11 attacks in the United States. Vladimir Putin has not limited his backlash to his American counterpart, however. Speaking overnight, the Russian President blasted Russians who didn’t back the invasion in Ukraine. Putin argued Russians “will always be able to distinguish true patriots from scum and traitors and will simply spit them out like a gnat that accidentally flew into their mouths”. READ MORE: Putin Shambles: Russian forces routed - column wiped out VIDEO He went on to argue that the West was creating a “fifth column” of traitorous Russians to create civil unrest in a clear reference to the anti-war protests in his country. He said: “And there is only one goal, I have already spoken about it — the destruction of Russia. “I am convinced that such a natural and necessary self-purification of society will only strengthen our country.” Putin went on to slam Russian oligarchs living in the West. DON'T MISS:  Chilling reason Putin has not assassinated Ukraine's Zelensky [REVEAL] Putin's daughter 'flipped out' after hearing of father's big news [INSIGHT] Ukraine LIVE: Putin's new low - hundreds feared dead  [SPOTLIGHT]   He said: “I am not at all judging those who have a villa in Miami or the French Riviera, who cannot do without foie gras, oysters or so-called gender freedoms. “The problem is absolutely not in this, but I repeat, in the fact that many of these people, by their very nature, are mentally located precisely there, and not here, not with our people, not with Russia. “This is what they think - in their opinion - a sign of belonging to a higher caste, to a higher race.” 