A variety of Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) backed benefits are due to increase next month including Universal Credit and Attendance Allowance, alongside payments such as the state pension. The 3.1 percent increase could help Britons hold the front against the rising cost of living crisis. Attendance Allowance provides financial assistance to those over the state pension age who require help. There are two different rates for Attendance Allowance which is awarded depending on the amount and type of assistance claimants require. Currently, the rates are as follows:  From April, the new rates will be as follows: This increase will see Britons going from an annual benefit income of £4,659.20 to £4,804.80, a yearly increase of £145.60. Although, the benefit’s 58 percent rejection rate for new claims is often a deterrent for those who may be eligible.    The lower rate is provided for those that need limited supervision or care during either the day or night. On the other hand, the higher rate is awarded for those that need assistance during the day and night. Alongside the rejection rate for new claimants, some have described the application process as intimidating. However, the DWP has endeavoured to make the process as straightforward as possible. Britons are encouraged to fill out the form to claim what they are entitled to, as Attendance Allowance is not just financial assistance. Successfully claiming Attendance Allowance can also qualify Britons for various other benefits such as Pension Credit, council tax reduction or housing benefit. Many charities and advice websites note that the high rejection rate for Attendance Allowance is often due to the way claimants fill out their application. The questions can often be quite personal and applicants may find they want to understate their needs out of embarrassment or simply forget to note everything. This can be detrimental as the benefit is reliant on claimants needing a certain amount of care for a certain amount of time and but understating or underestimating one’s needs they run the risk of being seen as ineligible for the benefit. To be eligible for Attendance Allowance all of the following must apply to the claimant: