Former England Cricket Captain Mike Gatting, joined BBC Breakfast presenters Naga Munchetty, Ben Thompson and Mike Bushell on Saturday morning to discuss the death of cricketer Shane Warne. Yesterday, it was reported that Shane had died at the age of 52 of a suspected heart attack, just days after the death of Rod Marsh. Discussing their friendship, Mike revealed that he hadn't spoken to Shane for "over a year" and detailed what a great friend and cricketer he was. Touching on how sudden his death was, Mike Bushell said: "He was his usual self when he spoke to us on Breakfast about his life and career just a few weeks ago. "When did you last manage to speak to him?" Gatting admitted: "Sadly, it was probably last year, over a year ago, on a video Zoom call, we had an MCC world group committee meeting. "He was, as usual, his forthright self and thinking about a different angle on how to change the game and how to make it better. READ MORE: Danny Sebastian partner: Who is Bargain Hunt's Danny Sebastian with? "He was the usual Warny, combative, just having that love and fun for the game whilst we were having a meeting. "And he just wanted to make the game better, he wanted to make people love the game, and he certainly did that." Bushell added: "He said that ball of the century to you changed his life, what was the impact on you, what are your memories of this moment now and what are your thoughts?" Gatting explained: "At the end of the day, the ball came down, and we often talked about it, and he said, 'Look, I just tried to get it down the other end mate, I tried spinning as much as I could'. "I said, 'I'm pretty wired, and it had to spin a long way to get past me and my bat and everything and still hit the stumps'. "But you know he didn't lack confidence, let's put it that way, but he just needed that little bit of a nudge to get him into greatness. "That was the nudge, and he didn't look back from then, and as I said, he inspired a lot of young kids to bowl. "[He] just brought a bit of fun to the game and that will to win and desire and passion for cricket." DON'T MISS...Shane Warne heartbreak as legend 'lying on hotel floor crying' [INSIGHT]Shane Warne's heartbroken parents break silence after outliving son [LATEST]Shane Warne dead: Aussie's pal Wayne Riley breaks down on Sky Sports [NEWS] During a Fox Sport special, Remembering Shane Warne, his long-time friend and manager James Erskine detailed Shane's break from his work life. He revealed: "Shane had sort of decided he was going to have three months off. "He wanted a year off, and I said 'there's no way you can have a year off, they would've forgotten you by a year,' so he decided to have three months off." Shane died whilst on holiday in Koh Samui, Thailand, with friends and general managers. Erskine added: "They were going to have a drink at 5pm or go and meet someone to go out and have a drink at 5pm, and Neo knocked on his door at 5.15 because Warnie is always on time. "And he went in there and said 'come on, you're going to be late' and then realised something was wrong. "And he turned him over and gave him CPR and mouth to mouth, which lasted about 20 minutes and then the ambulance came. "They took him to the hospital, which was about a 20-minute drive, and I got a phone call about 45 minutes later saying he was pronounced dead." BBC Breakfast airs everyday from 6am on BBC One.