The Mayor of London has triggered a “high” air pollution alert this week as London experiences “imported pollution from the continent" alongside a build-up of local emissions. This is the first “high” pollution alert that Sadiq Khan has issued since August 2020, and has urged drivers to leave their cars at home if journeys are “unnecessary”. Despite London’s Ultra Low Emission Zone, air pollution is still a real issue in London, which is said to contribute around 9,400 extra deaths per year. In a statement, Sadiq Khan, said: "Toxic air is extremely dangerous for Londoners – and I’m doing everything in my power to tackle it. “Today we have seen the capital experiencing high levels of air pollution and are expecting this to continue for two days. “For this reason, I am issuing a ‘high’ air pollution alert from today until Thursday. READ MORE: Drivers will face a 'sharper sting' when paying car tax this year “I’m urging Londoners to look after each other by choosing to walk, cycle or take public transport, avoiding unnecessary car journeys, stopping engine idling and not burning wood or garden waste, all of which contributes to high levels of pollution. “This is particularly important in order to protect those who are more vulnerable to high pollution. “While this alert is in place people with heart and lung problems should avoid physical exertion.” According to London Air, current air pollution rates in the capital are at a “moderate level”. DON'T MISSBritons urged to ban cars on Sundays to reduce petrol and diesel costs [INSIGHT]Thirty year-old cars pulled from bottom of Scottish reservoir [SHOCKING]Car tax rates should be 'maintained' to help millions of drivers [WARNING] On many major roads, however, levels do reach up to level nine, which London Air categorises as “high”. At the beginning of March, the Mayor announced proposals for an expansion to the ULEZ charging area to include all of London. Under the current scheme, drivers of older, more polluting vehicles are being charged to enter London's north and south-circular orbital roads. New proposals will see the scheme extend to the edges of London's boroughs in 2023, with Sadiq Khan saying there was “no more time to waste”. Most vehicles which are not compliant with the scheme will have to pay a £12.50 daily charge to enter the zone, in addition to the Congestion Charge. A London-wide ULEZ would also remove between 285 and 330 tonnes of the dangerous nitrogen oxide emissions from London's air, while between 135,000 to 150,000 tonnes of CO2 emissions would be removed, according to City Hall. The mayor promised to introduce "the biggest" car scrappage scheme feasible "to help Londoners on low incomes, disabled Londoners and businesses" adapt to the new scheme. Earlier this year, Sadiq Khan warned that London faces a crisis of “filthy air and gridlocked roads” unless car use is reduced. A report found that London was the world’s most congested city last year, with traffic costing London’s economy around £5.1billion. Mr Khan said unless more was done to deliver a sustainable future, the city would be replacing one public health crisis - Covid - with another. It is believed that car usage is close to being back to pre-pandemic levels, while public transport has not yet reached 2019 levels.