Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, inspired an army of cleaning enthusiasts when she began posting her tips and tricks on social media. Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips is a Facebook group dedicated to providing help with cleaning, tidying and chores. Anna Rooke-Farrar took to the Facebook page to ask for advice. She said: “My daughter spilt quite a lot of milk on my carpet. I got the carpet cleaner on it but still smells sour. “I will be getting new carpet but until then anyone know how to get the smell out.” She added: “I’ve done baking soda and left overnight and can still smell it. Thanks.” READ MORE: When to plant new potatoes - Best time for tasty harvest Cleaning enthusiasts came to her rescue with great sympathy, with Alison Penketh empathising: “Milk is the worst.” Many provided tips to make the baking soda more effective. Stephanie McLean Lawrie stated: “The bicarbonate soda flash spray works, I had the same thing. “It definitely works. Maybe you need to do it twice and let it dry in between, as it was sickly smell we had.” Michelle Cairns offered: “Sprinkle with plenty of bicarbonate and cover with white vinegar." She added: “Leave it for a couple of hours, then sweep or hoover.” To eliminate the stain and pungent smell, Sarah Dowson also suggested bicarbonate of soda. She said: “Use loads and leave on top overnight. Brush it the next day, and leave it as long as you can, then hoover. You may need to repeat.” She added: “Leaving a window open will help too.” Baking soda is a firm favourite amongst Mrs Hinch fans. On another post, cleaning enthusiast Gaye Holmes asked for carpet cleaner recommendations after her dog had “had a few accidents”. Kay Corcoran shared this baking soda hack: “White vinegar and bicarbonate soda. Be careful adding soda as it fizzes up. It works. Leave for a few minutes and clean with a cloth.” She warned: “The only thing is that vinegar smells for a while.” Others gave alternative methods to getting pungent odours out of carpets. Under Anna Rooke-Farrar’s original post, Sharon Kightley commented: “Put a bowl of coffee granules in the room and leave overnight, it should absorb the smell. “I'd use the flash spray too. It might take a few nights.” Val Steele offered: “Someone recently put on here to put cut onions in the room as the absorb the smell. Not tried it myself but worth a try.’ Jean Kirton stated: “I poured neat Zoflora Citrus on mine and it got rid of the smell.” Dawn Beattie advised: “Try Nilodor in with the Carpet Shampoo. Works like a charm for any carpet protein spills.”