With average petrol and diesel prices sitting at an average per litre cost of 162.3p and 170.9p respectively it’s more important than ever to minimise spending and get the most for your money. Experts at Which? have put together a list of simple ways to cut spending at the pumps and ease the strain on drivers’ wallets. Empty the boot and keep windows closedRemove all unnecessary equipment. Roof racks and external boxes and bicycle carriers all add weight, so detach them when they're not needed. Extra weight means the engine has to work harder to get the car up to speed, thereby increasing fuel consumption. They will also increase wind resistance. The same also applies to any bent bodywork or ill-fitting trim pieces. Opening windows can also cause significant drag, so they should be closed at higher speeds. Fill up your tank at the supermarketFilling up when doing a supermarket shop will cut fuel costs - a litre of petrol at supermarkets typically costs a few pence less than at other fuel forecourts.Petrol is also generally cheaper in towns and cities than in rural locations. But supermarkets - even those in the countryside - are often still cheaper than oil-company-owned petrol stations in cities. READ MORE: Drivers to be fined £200 just for touching a mobile phone Avoid premium unleadedWhile there's no harm in using super unleaded, there's usually no benefit either – unless driving a high-performance or imported car that specifically requires it. So for most drivers, given that super unleaded typically costs 10 to 15p more per litre than normal unleaded, avoiding the premium pumps will save money. Drive smoothlyWhen driving, try to accelerate smoothly and avoid harsh throttle inputs which use more fuel.As a general guide, keep the revs between 1,500 and 2,500rpm (petrol engine) and 1,200 and 2,000rpm (diesel engine).Braking wastes the energy used to get a car up to speed so if approaching traffic lights, try to coast (leaving the car in gear) to a stop rather than braking. Gentle acceleration and avoiding unnecessary braking applies to electric cars, too so using regenerative braking as much as possible is best. DON'T MISSThirty year-old cars pulled from bottom of Scottish reservoir [SHOCKING]Major UK city to ban petrol and diesel cars [WARNING]Parking law changes will 'protect car park users' with reduced fines [INSIGHT] Change gears earlierEvery car will be different, but there will be a happy medium between opting for a higher gear earlier and not labouring the engine too much. Many new manual cars will have a gear-shift indicator, showing the most economical point to change gear. Short shifting (skipping gears such as going directly from first to third) can also help to reduce fuel consumption. Stick to the speed limitThe faster a car is driven, the higher the fuel consumption will be. Department for Transport (DfT) figures show that driving on the motorway at 80mph uses around 25 percent more fuel than driving at 70mph. Travelling at 70mph instead of 60mph in an open speed limit zone will use nine percent more fuel, and an additional five percent more than driving at 50mph. Check tyre pressureMake sure tyres are at the correct pressure as stated in the car's handbook (or often on a sticker on the driver's door pillar). Underinflated tyres develop more rolling resistance than correctly inflated tyres, so the engine will work slightly harder when there isn’t enough air in them. An incorrectly inflated tyre is also likely to wear prematurely or unevenly, meaning they’ll need to be changed more often. Don't warm up the engineWhile advice varies from manufacturer to manufacturer, it is normally preferable to drive a car gently immediately after turning it on, rather than leaving it to warm up. Not only will the engine warm up more quickly, reducing the potential for engine wear, less fuel will be consumed in the process. Turn equipment offThe biggest sapping item of equipment in most modern cars is the air con. It should only be used when necessary, which isn’t too often in the UK.The same goes for the heated rear screen, demisters and headlights – if they aren’t needed they should be switched off. Use a sat navSat navs, whether they are on a phone app or a dedicated device, will show the quickest route to your destination, saving fuel. They can also replot a route on the fly to avoid traffic jams. Some models can even select the most economical route and will avoid fuel-sapping obstacles such as large hills and areas with heavy stop-start traffic. Maintain your carEnsuring a car is regularly maintained, according to its service schedule will not only reduce the potential for big bills further down the line, a newly serviced car with clean oil and fresh filters will run more efficiently. Use cashback schemesLots of petrol stations and supermarkets now offer loyalty cards to encourage customers to continue filling up with them. The schemes usually work in the same way: every time a customer buys fuel, they swipe their loyalty card and points are accumulated that can be exchanged for discounts at a later date. Switch to an EV if possibleDrivers can reduce running costs by making the switch to an electric car.As a guide, running an electric car should save around £1,000 per year in fuel costs compared to petrol and diesel cars.If charged at home and on a competitive electricity tariff, EVs should reduce a monthly fuel spend by around 30-40 percent, despite the rising cost of electricity.If an EV can’t be charged at home, free public chargers could result in a bigger saving.