Mercedes chief Toto Wolff insists there was no manipulation of drivers during a crunch four-hour meeting in which some racers expressed concerns about going ahead with the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. Lewis Hamilton is believed to have led calls for a boycott after a nearby oil depot was attacked. Friday's first two practice sessions in Jeddah were played out while visible smoke ascended into the sky due to an attack by Yemeni rebel group, the Houthis. Concerns for the security of the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix prompted a lengthy set of meetings between drivers and officials. It has been widely reported that Mercedes driver Hamilton led calls for a boycott of the event. Team principals all attended a meeting between the drivers in an attempt to reassure them of their safety. The race went ahead on Sunday as scheduled after intervention from Saudi government officials and Wolff insists there was no ‘arm-twisting’ from the team principals, implying the drivers were fully on board with racing. “There wasn’t any arm-twisting from our side," said Wolff.   JUST IN: Hamilton quitting F1 could be on as retirement prophecy comes true "There were good discussions and when the team principals talked to the drivers, I think what we talked was sense and not at all with any pressure but maybe that was perceived in a different way. “In the end, the show and the spectacle was amazing and what we delivered as a sport was great and I think this is what sport should do." There had already been calls to stop racing in Saudi Arabia due to the country’s poor human rights record. Amnesty International has condemned the nation for its treatment of workers, women and the LGBT community.   DON'T MISS...George Russell demands Mercedes improvement as he issues title verdictGeorge Russell details Mercedes' biggest issue after Saudi Arabia GPChristian Horner explains Red Bull concern which may affect Verstappen A fortnight ago, 81 individuals were killed in one of the largest mass executions on record. But Wolff insists he has seen change in the last five years. He added: “To be honest, I have been here since five years [ago] and I have seen change. But I repeat what I have said before, there is just so much more to do. I mean, a lot.” Red Bull’s Max Verstappen won his first Grand Prix of the year following a thrilling battle with Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc. Hamilton finished way back in 10th. Concerned by the safety of his colleagues and already a strong critic of Saudi Arabia, Hamilton later posted on social media that he ‘just wants to go home’. He wrote: “I am so happy the weekend is done. I am so happy that everyone is safe, I am just looking forward to getting out. I just want to go home.”   