Liverpool star Tsimikas was accused of spitting on fans from the royal box at Wembley as he celebrated winning the Carabao Cup, but it appears the incident was a mix-up. Liverpool star Tsimikas has been accused of spitting on Wembley Way as he celebrated winning the Carabao Cup. The Reds beat Chelsea on penalties in an enthralling clash for the domestic trophy - the first one they have won since 2012. Caoimhin Kelleher was the hero after netting the winning penalty after his counterpart Kepa Arrizabalaga, who was sent on for the shootout, blasted his effort over the bar. But as Liverpool celebrated lifting the trophy at Wembley, eagle-eyed fans noticed Tsimikas - who was on the bench for Jurgen Klopp’s side - spitting over the edge of the Royal Box. The left-back was spotted leaning forward over and appearing to spit towards the stand below the box, though angles showed that no one was underneath. However, Liverpool have insisted that Tsimikas was getting rid of his chewing gum rather than spitting. According to the Daily Mail, the club have reminded the Greece international of his duties as a player of their club, while he is also said to be apologetic of the incident. Fans watching the celebrations vented their disgust on social media, with one saying: “What have I just seen?! That is disgusting.” Another exclaimed: “What is he playing at?” And a third wrote: “Proper proper vile this.” Tsimikas celebrated wildly on the pitch after Liverpool’s success in the competition, despite not playing in the final. The former Olympiacos star is a popular member of the squad and footage also emerged of the player dancing in the dressing room with his teammates. The 25-year-old joined Liverpool in 2020 for around £12million but has yet to make a major impact on the first-team. He made just seven appearances in his debut campaign, with James Milner preferred as a back-up left-back to Andy Robertson. However, he has had more success this season with 18 matches under his belt in all competitions.