 Jo Whiley was welcomed onto BBC Breakfast on Sunday to chat about the tragic death of Taylor Hawkins. The 50-year-old Foo Fighters drummer was found dead at a hotel in Bogota, Columbia, but a cause of death has not yet been confirmed. While speaking about the musician on the show, Jo was questioned about his past. However, when host Roger Johnson asked about the drummer’s drug use, Jo swiftly insisted she was just there to “remember Taylor”.   Sharing her memories of Taylor, Jo began: “He was sunshine on skinny legs that’s the best way I can think to describe him. “He had this incredibly skinny frame and was always wearing, like a drummer, tracksuit bottoms or shorts. "He just had the best smile I’ve ever seen on anybody and he just radiated. “He radiated joy and vitality, and he was the friendliest loveliest person. READ MORE: Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now?  “He was the pulse of the band, he was an iconic drummer. He was just lovely,” she added. Later in the interview, Roger questioned if Taylor had a history of drug use. The BBC Breakfast presenter said: “We don’t know the circumstances around his death. “The Colombian authorities have said there were 10 different substances found in his blood, we don’t know why they were there.   “Did he have a troubled time in the past?” Roger asked. Jo swiftly shut down the question, insisting she just wanted to share her positive memories of the Foo Fighters star. She replied: “In the past he did, yeah. But I’m just here to remember Taylor as he was as a person and a life-force, and that’s all I want to talk about, you know. “There were issues in the past. Last time I saw him he was the picture of health, he was so full of vitality and such a force for good. “So, you know, we have no idea. We don’t know at the moment what happened,” she commented. DON'T MISS...Nicola Coughlan states Derry Girls delay caused ‘insane stress’ [INSIGHT]Emmerdale’s Mandy star teases exit for Liv as she splits from Vinny [MUST SEE]Saturday Kitchen guests change outfits after Matt Tebbutt jibe [WATCH]   While watching the interview, BBC viewers quickly took to Twitter to praise Jo for her response to the question. “Gotta shout out to @jowhiley on #BBCBreakfast today being asked a question about Taylor's death and the accusations of substances. Without missing a beat, she brings it right back on being positive about Taylor and how much he'll be missed,” @JeddKenobi wrote. “Love it when people like Jo Whiley put an interviewer in their place on digging s**t #BBCBreakfast,” @Bufferb2012 said. “Well done @jowhiley! #BBCBreakfast #Taylor!” @BRUMSTOKIE added.    “Well done @jowhiley not responding to the gutter journalist on #bbcbreakfast. Start by expressing their sadness about personal loss and then try to dig about drug use. Shameful,” @Tagfcuk commented. However, some suggested Roger was right to ask about Taylor’s past and criticised Jo for avoiding the question. “Thought it was disgraceful. Everything wasn't rosey. Ignoring the amount of music stars that died from overdoses is a massive issue. Maybe if they talk about it then it will help. #bbcbreakfast #BBCBreakfast #JoWhiley,” @ObiOneTwo3 said. If you’re struggling with drug use, call the Frank drugs helpline on 0300 123 6600. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One. 