Emma Raducanu paid a subtle tribute to Rafael Nadal after her Miami Open loss, while the Spaniard is currently sidelined with a rib injury. The 19-year-old continued her string of early exits for the season as she crashed out to Katerina Siniakova in three sets on Thursday. Raducanu has struggled with injuries and niggles so far in her first full season on the pro tour. The world No 13 caught Covid in the pre-season, suffered severe blistering at the Australian Open, picked up a leg injury in Mexico and dealt with a stiff back last week in Indian Wells as her body adjusted to the demands of the tour. Her best showing of the year so far came at the BNP Paribas Open, where she made it to the third round before losing to Petra Martic. But it was another round two loss for the Bromley teenager in Miami on Thursday, as she received a bye past the first round and made her Miami Open debut against Katerina Siniakova - the world No 1 doubles player. It looked to finally be smooth sailing for Raducanu, who has played some marathon matches already this season, as she went a set and a break up while the Czech player appeared to be struggling with injuries but Siniakova fired back to win 3-6 6-4 7-5 in just under three hours. The 19-year-old had even served for the match at 5-4 in the third but went on to lose the next three games, costing her the match. When she arrived for her post-match press conference, Raducanu was donning a Rafael Nadal cap made by both players' sponsor Nike. The 21-time Major champion is the brand's top male tennis player signing and, as a result, has his own custom bull logo put onto his own range of clothes, match kit and accessories. JUST IN: Kyrgios fights injury worry to blow Rublev away in superb Miami win  The ATP world No 3 is not playing in Miami this week, having pulled out in advance to give his body more time to adjust to the transition between the hard and clay courts to prevent injury after dealing with a chronic foot problem that kept him sidelined for the back-end of 2021. But Nadal unfortunately picked up a new injury during Indian Wells and will now be out for four to six weeks with a stress fracture in his rib, forcing him to miss the start of the clay swing. With the Spaniard absent in Miami, Raducanu paid a subtle tribute to him and hinted that she was a Nadal fan by adoring his bull-logo cap. Speaking in her post-match press conference, she admitted it was tough to lose the three-hour battle with the world No 53. "I mean, it was a long match. Very long rallies. I thought that she played really good. There was some good tennis on both sides, to be honest, but yeah, obviously it sucks to lose that one," she said. DON'T MISSNorrie's exciting Draper verdict in Miami as pair seek to copy MurrayBrooksby apologises for Miami outburst after Kyrgios and Zverev remarkCam Norrie wins battle of the Brits against Jack Draper in Miami Open  The US Open champion will next be in action on the clay, having entered the WTA 500 in Stuttgart, beginning on April 18. While Nadal will be hoping to add to his tally of 13 French Open titles after being forced to miss a period of his most successful surface, it will be Raducanu's first-ever foray onto the clay in her professional career. It will also be Raducanu's last portion of the season without any points to defend on her ranking, as she made the round-of-16 at Wimbledon last year as a 338th-ranked wildcard in her Grand Slam debut before going on to win the US Open later that summer, becoming the first qualifier in history to win a Major.