The Duke of Sussex has said in an annual report for his charity Sentebale that “existing inequalities have either deepened or exacerbated” and that they have seen levels of violence against women “rocket”. Mental health levels amongst young people have also “deteriorated” and the COVID-19 vaccine rollout has been called out for being “far too slow” in Lesotho and Botswana, where the charity carries out its work, the Prince stated. Prince Harry co-founded the charity with Prince Seeiso of Lesotho in 2006, with the aim of improving the lives of children and vulnerable people in the southern African countries Botswana and Lesotho. They work to provide communities with educational opportunities and good healthcare, in particular HIV treatment. According to the Evening Standard, Harry and Seeiso acknowledged the improvement of vaccine rates in southern Africa, but they knew from the HIV pandemic that recovery can be a slow process. The pair wrote: “The reality is that existing inequalities have either deepened or been exacerbated during the past two years  “This has created a compounding effect, as the COVID-19 and HIV pandemics are intrinsically intertwined in many ways. “Parents and carers have lost their jobs; young people can’t find work; children have missed out on schooling; gender-based violence has rocketed and young people tell us their mental health has deteriorated. “Poverty is on the rise. The global vaccine roll-out has been far too slow and far too many have been left at risk.  READ MORE: Queen needed 'generous deal' as the royals were 'running out of money' “Thankfully, vaccination rates across the Southern African region are picking up but as many in the HIV advocacy community have known for decades, we cannot hope just hope for a pandemic to disappear. “It takes resources, investment, ingenuity, leadership and access to solve a public health crisis. “Out of these difficult times we have also learnt some valuable lessons.  DON'T MISS:The most unusual Royal Family nicknames - from 'Gary' to 'Wombat' [LIST]ON THIS DAY: 105 years since Tsar Nicholas II was forced to step down [ROYAL HISTORY]Prince Charles could make Harry 'plain Mr Henry' when king [REVEAL] “It has shown us the potential of a new hybrid way of working, mixing face-to-face and virtual programming to help us reach many more children and young people as well as increase our capacity to provide one-to-one support. “As we look ahead, we are working to best utilise technology to deliver our programmes whilst continuing to ensure young people feel safe and empowered.” Prince Harry is well-known for his charity work, having founded the Invictus Games for injured ex-service personnel in 2014.  