Sophie Wessex, 57, stunned today in Bulford when she was out for an important royal visit. The Countess of Wessex visited the Battalion’s headquarters for the 5th Battalion. Her Royal Highness is the Royal Colonel of the 5th Rifles.  For the occasion Sophie wore a crisp, double-breasted white blazer. Her blazer is the £1,180 Altazarra 'Indiana' jacket which she previously wore back in October 2019. This was paired with a salmon pink knee-length skirt designed by Victoria Beckham. She accessorised her outfit with small hoop silver earrings as well as a gorgeous pendant necklace by Maison Birks that featured a red diamond maple leaf. The diamond maple leaf pendant is set in 18kt white gold with a total carat weight of 0.17ct.  READ MORE: Royal LIVE: Oscars threatened with boycott over Meghan and Harry It currently retails for a whopping £927.70. For the momentous day, Sophie donned a beautiful pair of £640 Prada nude stiletto shoes. Sophie tied her hair in a half up, half down fashion, whilst slightly curling her blonde locks into a wavy fashion. The Countess carried with her a beige Sophie Habsburg ‘Amber’ clutch bag which worked perfectly with her chic outfit.  She also wore a particularly special silver brooch to represent her role as Royal Colonel of the 5th Battalion The Rifles. The brooch is silver and features a horn, topped with a crown to represent the Queen. The silver Bugle Horn is used as the cap badge of The Rifles and is worn by every Rifleman today. Considered to be the ideal replacement for the drum, the bugle horn was adopted by Light Infantry and later Rifle Regiments from the early 1800s to pass orders across the battlefield. The Countess last wore the brooch for Remembrance Day in November 2021.  Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall also owns the exact same brooch and has worn it in the past at Remembrance Day. According to Nicole Ciccanti, a gemologist at Prestige Pawnbrokers of Channel Four’s Posh Pawn, the brooch could be worth around £40,000. She said: “The brooch represents the heritage of the regiment. In fact, every rifleman wears a silver bugle as their cap badge. “It is considered to be the ideal replacement for the drum, the bugle horn was adopted by Light Infantry and later Rifle Regiments from the early 1800s to pass orders across the battlefield. In terms of its design: “The brooch depicts the crown symbol at the top followed by the bugle horn.”  Royal fans took to social media to express their love for Sophie’s outfit. Twitter user @SabirahLohn said: “Sophie looks great!” Another fan, @BRFguards wrote: “Sophie is also out and about today! “The royals are in full swing.” Social media user @sarahinroyal commented saying: “Love HRH’s hair style.”  Royal fan @cambridgemoment tweeted: "Sophie looks elegant!"