A recovery mission to get the dumped vehicles out of the Lower Glen Dam revealed a host of 1980s and 1990s models. Specialist teams were required to carefully extricate the cars from the bottom of the reservoir after they were revealed during hot weather last year. “Military precision” was used by the teams to avoid any impact on the environment and wildlife in the area Although the reservoir hasn’t ever been used to provide drinking water, there were concerns about the old cars raised by locals. The extraction required meticulous planning according to Scottish water, in conjunction with the Scottish Environment Protection Agency (SEPA), Police Scotland and the Ayrshire Rivers Trust. The team included specialist divers and environmental protection experts. READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ Lurking at the bottom of the reservoir was an array of old British cars including the likes of Vauxhalls, Fords and Rovers. Many hailed from as far back as the 1980s and production long ceased on any of the cars found. Gerry O’Hara, Scottish Water project manager, said: “Protecting the environment, the safety of the twenty-strong team on site and the park-users was paramount for us. “This tricky operation was months in the planning to ensure every little detail had been thought of and that we got it right.” DON'T MISSHow motorists can save on fuel costs by driving with a bowl of water [INSIGHT]New red diesel rule is a 'cash grab' with law change weeks away [SHOCKING]Major diesel changes are an 'absolute mess' with ban just weeks away [WARNING] Before the cars were removed, the water level of the reservoir was gradually lowered daily to bring it to a workable level that would help mitigate any possible environmental impact. Rigorous testing and monitoring of the water was carried out on a regular basis. Once the reservoir was at a safe level, divers from Clyde Commercial Diving entered the boggy basin to pre-sling the cars in preparation for them being winched from the mud and silt by a recovery truck. In the end it took just a day to pull all nine vehicles from the mud. The cars were washed down, inspected by local police and then transported off site where they will now be scrapped. Mr O’Hara added: “Our attention now turns to getting things in the park back to normal for everyone. “We’re refilling the reservoir to its original level, in a controlled manner, and we’re continuing to test water quality to ensure there are no issues. “Mother Nature will take its course and the people of Paisley can once again enjoy this space in a safe manner.” List of cars found:Rover 827 (1988)Citroen AX (1995)Ford Mondeo (1994)Citroen XM (1989)Nissan Prairie (1988)Vauxhall Astra (1987)Peugeot 605 (1990)Vauxhall Carlton (1984)Fiat Uno (year unknown)