Diamond’s (played by Isaac Keys) loyalties are being tested heading into the final stretch of Power Book IV: Force’s first season. As tensions run high with his brother Jenard (Kris D Lofton) and partner Tommy Egan (Joseph Sikora), the Power newcomer spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about where the next instalment of the Starz series could find the CBI head. Force star Isaac Keys hinted Diamond will very much be a part of the Power spin-off’s next season. The Starz network recently confirmed the crime drama will indeed return for a second instalment, following a heated social media tirade from producer 50 Cent. With four episodes left of the first season, Diamond is starting to come into his own after partnering up with Chicago newcomer, Tommy. After ditching New York following the death of James ‘Ghost’ St Patrick (Omari Hardwick), Tommy set up shop in a new city and soon found himself caught up with the local Irish crime family, the Flynns. READ MORE: Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? However, Diamond and his brother are engaged in a power struggle of their own, and it was recently revealed Jenard attempted to take Tommy out in a drive-by shooting. While there’ll almost certainly be some bloodshed in the upcoming finale, Isaac is eager to see his role in the show continue in the follow-up. He told Express.co.uk: “I just want to see Diamond evolve. I’m curious, I’m very curious about where he goes in this.” In episode seven, This is Who We Are, Jenard made it clear he blames Tommy for the death of their lieutenant, Elijah (Jeremih). Later on, Diamond’s love life takes a worrying turn after he sleeps with Adrienne (Blyth Howard), whom he doesn’t know is actually a crime reporter in the middle of writing a story about him. As the CBI leader’s loyalties remain up in the air heading into the final stretch of the first season, Force season two could start with Diamond in a completely different place to where we found him at the start of the premiere. Isaac continued: “Any time a person is transitioning how they move and wanting more for themselves, and their alliances and friends and circles they keep, new things come about. “You can’t always predict those things. So I think it’s great that it’s kind of unpredictable.” DON'T MISS:Good Sam delayed: CBS medical drama off-air for another week [LATEST]NCIS LA: Callen dealt huge blow in hunt for deep fake culprit [TEASER]Yellowstone’s Kevin Costner posts tribute to late co-star [COMMENT] Power’s original six seasons were infamous for their twists and turns, and multiple ruthless deaths of the show’s most beloved characters. So far, spin-offs Ghost, Raising Kanan and Force have been no different, and fans are no doubt bracing themselves for a wild ride over the next four weeks. Diamond’s survival is by no means guaranteed, but Isaac appeared confident he’ll be back and taking his character in some brand new directions when the spin-off continues. He explained: “I would love to see Diamond kind of live in his presence, live in his strength.” “And really come to grips with exactly who he is, and just go from there. Just ride the rollercoaster with his hands up. “I think there are times he’s reserved. I want him to come to a place of acceptance.” As the series is unlikely to kill its main character any time soon, Isaac’s hints could point towards a final stand-off between Diamond and Jenard to finally determine who’s running the streets of Chicago. Power Book IV: Force season 1 continues Sundays on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.