The MP appeared on Monday's BBC Breakfast to discuss the Ukrainian invasion with Dan Walker. As the BBC broadcaster probed him on plans to increase British assistance in Ukraine, Cleverly shut down questions and stated he wasn't prepared to discuss how Ukraine would be supported. Viewers took to social media to label the MP "out of his depth".  The Minister for European Neighbourhood began: "Ultimately, the most humanitarian things Russians could do is to end this completely illegal, completely unjustified invasion of Ukraine." The journalist replied: "And president Zelenskyy of Ukraine has called for the west to impost this no-fly zone. NATO members are still saying why it won't be implemented. "Is there any possibility of any change on that from the perspective of those NATO countries, those in the west?" "We desperately want to help the Ukrainians. President Zelenskyy and other people in this government have shown a level of fortitude which is breathtaking," the MP responded. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? "But the secretary-general of NATO and the other NATO member states have made it clear that Vladimir Putin is desperately trying to drag NATO directly into this conflict to justify his completely false narrative that somehow he's defending Russia against NATO aggression. "And that's why it's really important we don't get directly involved with this conflict." Clerverly added: "We will keep providing military support, military equipment support so the Ukrainians can defend themselves." Walker asked: "On that issue of supplying Ukraine with what they need, the US secretary of state said the UK are actually looking at giving them military aircraft, are we doing the same?" The MP answered: "Well, look we have seen that the equipment we have provided Ukrainians with, those missiles, have been incredibly effective. "The training that we have provided over the years has helped them in this amazing defence. What other stuff we might do is not necessarily something I'm prepared to discuss on the programme." Walker went on to ask if the UK was increasing the amount of refugees it would accept: "Hopefully we will be able to discuss Ukrainians coming here to the UK because anybody reading one of the main newspapers this morning will see that according to quotes they've got from the Home Secretary, Priti Patel, it would appear to suggest that the UK will be open to all Ukrainians. DON'T MISS... The Ipcress File’s Joe Cole opens up on ‘tricky’ Harry Palmer trait [LATEST]Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series 'No-brainer' [INTERVIEW]EastEnders' Mitch Baker arrested after Gray exposed? [SPOILERS] "Now, our correspondent Alan Flemming seems to be saying that's not the case, could you clear that up for us?" "Well, we've got two routes by which Ukrainians can come to the UK," the MP replied. "One is where they have pre-existing family connections, but we also have a broader humanitarian route for Ukrainians who do not have family here in the UK." He went on: "We do need to have some kind of process, who's here, where they're staying, what support they might need. There does need to be a process, we are going to make that as quick and easy and as fast as possible."  "Do you know the figures?" Walker asked. "How many Ukrainians have been granted visas to come to the UK?" "Well there were figures kicking around at the weekend that there were just 50," the MP replied. "I haven't had confirmation on that as yet, there will be significantly more than that but we don't really know exactly what the numbers will be." "Just to clarify, you're saying far more than those 50 visas have been granted already?" Walker probed. "No, that's not what I said," snapped Cleverly. "What I said is that number will inevitably grow." Viewers began to question Cleverly's competence as minister and took to Twitter to slam the interview. Twitter user Sean Davids wrote: "James Cleverly. Utterly out of his depth. #bbcbreakfast." Guy Duncan echoed this, commenting: "#BBCBreakfast #skynews this morning and @JamesCleverly is proving himself to be way out of his depth on the issue of British shame and Ukraine refugee numbers. So detached. So arrogant. So abysmal. So Tory." "Out of his depth Dan and Mr not Cleverly offering razor sharp analysis #BBCBreakfast," @sam_hasell penned. Richard Burton remarked: "Absolutely ludicrous interview with James Cleverly this morning. A government without conscience. #BBCBreakfast." Kat wrote: "James Cleverly showing how the UK govt's stance on Ukrainian refugees is to talk big and use it as a PR exercise, whilst simultaneously doing the very, very bare minimum to actually help the people who need it. #BBCBreakfast." "James Cleverly is living in cloud cuckoo land. By any measure, the U.K. is NOT doing everything it can to help #Ukraine refugees. The U.K. claimed leaving the EU would allow it to ‘move quickly in every area’. EU: 1.1m, U.K. 50. Shameful. #BBCBreakfast," Doddsy added. BBC Breakfast airs daily at 6am on BBC