  Amy Schumer appeared to accidentally let slip her Life & Beth co-star Michael Cera’s baby news in a new interview. It seems the Superbad star has welcomed his first child, according to the famous comedienne.      Amy, 40, was busy promoting her new series Life & Beth when she blurted out the news. The actress told journalists that co-star Michael had secretly welcomed a new addition to his family. The news was revealed yesterday in a joint interview with Entertainment Tonight that the 33-year-old star is now a father. During the interview, Amy spoke about passing down lessons to her two-year-old son Gene, who she shares with husband Chris Fischer. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update     She then went on to say: “Michael has a baby, too.” Realising her mistake, Amy continued: “Is that public knowledge? “I just outed him, I just outed his baby,” she admitted before her co-star went on to confirm the news. The Arrested Development actor told the outlet that he had been swapping parenting tips with Amy, saying: “We're right at the beginning of it.      “We're doing the very basics right now,” he added, without revealing anything else about his new bundle of joy. Michael also didn’t share his child’s mother’s identity and didn’t reveal the baby’s name or gender. The star is famously secretive about his family life, although he reportedly married his wife Nadine in private back in 2018. In a rare outing for the pair, Nadine accompanied Michael to the 2018 Tony Awards, where he was nominated for Best Performance by an Actor in a Featured Role in a Play for Lobby Hero. READ MORE... ‘Doesn’t do it for a Range Rover’ James Martin defends Amanda Owen [NEWS] Charlie Sheen apologised to Shane Warne for Liz Hurley admission [LATEST] Michael Douglas reflects on tragedy as he issues career update [UPDATE]      The star kept his love life so private that fans were shocked to learn that he dated his Scott Pilgrim vs the World co-star Aubrey Plaza in secret for a year and a half. The actress spilt the beans on their past romance six years on from the film’s release during an episode of RuPaul and Michelle Visage's podcast What the Tee? in 2016. Aubrey said at the time: “We drove across the country after we shot that movie and almost got married in Vegas.” The actress went on to add that, while the pair have since called it quits, they are "still really good friends," calling him "one of the funniest people I know".      Express.co.uk has contacted Michael’s representatives for further comment. Amy’s new Hulu show Life & Beth follows Beth who, after an unexpected incident, starts having flashbacks to her teen self and learns how she became who she is and who she wants to become. Michael plays a local farmer named John in the series, who Beth soon develops feelings for. Life & Beth premieres March 18 on Hulu and will soon be available to UK viewers on Disney+.   