Starz’s hit time-travelling series Outlander has continued to hook viewers who were eagerly awaiting the next episode. With the upcoming fourth instalment set to be released this week, fans spotted a major clue in the promo which could hint at a look at Young Ian Murray’s (played by John Bell) past.  Outlander will be returning to screens with its fourth episode titled ’Hour of the Wolf’. In the promo video Young Ian was in the spotlight alongside the Cherokee tribe, which led viewers to believe his past will finally be explored. Fans will remember in season five when Young Ian made the surprising decision to join the Mohawk tribe. It was a decision he made to save Roger MacKenzie’s (Richard Rankin) life, but when he made an unexpected return people noticed things with him were different. READ MORE: Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show Upon his return, he sat silently when quizzed about how things were at the tribe only to discover he had left. Instead of returning to Fraser’s Ridge, Young Ian disclosed he would be residing with his aunt and uncle for the foreseeable future. However, the promo video hinted at his return after a member of the Cherokee tribe approached him. Taking to Reddit, user DRups wrote: “HOUR OF THE WOLF - since he's Wolf's Brother, I think this will be when Ian opens up to Brianna about his life with Emily done as flashbacks.”  As well as his secretive background being unveiled, fans are convinced they will also gain insight into his relationship with Emily, which has rarely been addressed on screen. She was only briefly spoken about when Young Ian was having a heart to heart conversation with Roger. When he asked who he saw in his thoughts about death, Roger responded: “I saw my wife’s face.” Which led the youngster to say: “There’s no escape, even in death, I would see her face.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? [THEORY]What happened to Malva Christie’s mother in Outlander? [INSIGHT]'Had a great time' Outlander's Allan star shares peek at new role [INSIGHT] When Roger tried to press and ask about Young Ian's wife, he simply stroked a bracelet and stated: “It doesn’t matter now.” Then added: “She’s lost to me, I only wanted the pain to end. To be at peace,” which hinted at her still being alive. Outlander is the on screen adaptation of a series of bestselling novels written by Diana Gabaldon, with season six being based on her sixth novel, ‘A Breath of Snow and Ashes’. Fans who have read the books provided intel about Young Ian’s wife Emily and revealed she was a native American woman called Wakyo'teyehsnonhsa, but used Emily as a nickname.  It was also revealed that although the two had married, their relationship didn’t last at all. After taking advice from her grandmother Young Ian left his wife and the tribe after she suffered several miscarriages. While the series may not follow the book, fans will have to stay tuned to finally find out more about Young Ian's past and his experience with the Mohawk tribe. Outlander is available on Starz in the USA and on Starzplay in the UK. 