Gary Windass (played by Mikey North) killed Rick Neelan (Greg Wood) in 2019 after being lured to the forest by the loan shark. Although he lashed out in self-defence, Gary covered up the crime and has spent the last year three years keeping the truth hidden from Laura Neelan (Kel Allen) and Kelly Neelan (Millie Gibson). The businessman has tried to turn his life around but will he kill again when Laura confronts him about her husband’s disappearance on Coronation Street? In upcoming scenes, the private investigator asks Gary some uncomfortable questions about his association with Rick. Meanwhile, in the Rovers, Laura drowns her sorrows with alcohol and morphine tablets. The mum opens up about her relationship with her daughter and admits she’s never really been there for Kelly. As Laura stumbles out of the Rovers, she’s spotted by Gary who expresses his concern. When Aggie Bailey (Lorna Laidlaw) inadvertently tells Kelly about her mum’s drinking she's not impressed. The schoolgirl is furious with her mum and lashes out branding her the “most selfish mother in the world”. Read more: Coronation Street's Gary Windass tricks Laura into murder confession? Gary steps in and urges Kelly to rethink her feelings towards her mum and make the most of the time she has left. Later, the businessman is left stunned when Laura asks him to become Kelly’s guardian. Coronation Street fans will know Gary’s been desperately trying to cover up his crimes after killing Rick. Will he agree and continue to keep this devastating secret from Kelly? However, it seems Gary’s world could be about to crumble around him. Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon) shows her husband a picture of the new site for the County’s training ground. The campaigner is thrilled with the news as it’s down to her actions the site is being moved. But, Gray is mortified when he realises the site is the spot where he moved Rick’s body to. He opens up to his wife and reveals his plan to move the boy before construction work begins. Meanwhile, Laura is told by the private investigator that he’s had no success in tracking down Kelly’s father. However, he explains all of the evidence points to Gary being the prime suspect. Laura’s horrified and decides she has to confront Gary for the sake of her daughter. As Gary tries to break into the building site to move Rick’s body, he has no idea Laura is close by. DON'T MISSCoronation Street's Adam Barlow left with life changing injuries? [SPOILER]Coronation Street twist as Daisy Midgeley uncovers link to Sean Tully? [INSIGHT]Coronation Street horror as Carla killed proving Adam's innocence? [THEORY] A security guard spots the reformed loan shark and sends him on his way. Gary contemplates his fate and comes to the realisation he might not be able to stop Rick’s body from being discovered. As he worries about his future, Laura turns up and confronts Gary about her husband’s disappearance. He attempts to throw her off the scent but she refuses to be placated. Will he finally tell her the truth by admitting to killing her husband and covering it up? Coronation Street fans will know Gary has gone to drastic measures in the past to keep his deadly secrets hidden. Will Gary lash out and kill terminally ill Laura to silence her and keep Kelly in the dark? The businessman knows Kelly has no family and no one who will look out for her. If she discovered the truth about his involvement in Rick’s death, Kelly would likely never forgive Gary and run away from her home in Weatherfield. Fearing for Kelly’s safety, will Gary reason killing Laura is in the best interests of her daughter? Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm.