Russian soldiers are edging closer and closer toward Ukraine’s capital Kyiv and a ground assault is expected within a matter of days. Ukrainian forces have put up a considerable fight in two weeks of the war so far - but fears that the capital could fall to the aggressor are growing. Are Russian forces about to take Kyiv? According to the latest maps from the Institute for the Study of War, Russian troops are located to the northwest and east of Kyiv currently. Russian troops currently have control of Kukhari, a village northwest of the capital, and its immediately surrounding areas, and along the western bank of the Dnieper River that runs through Ukraine. According to the ISW, Russian forces failed to make any substantial gains on March 10.  READ MORE: Russia's war playbook: What Putin could do next They report: “The Ukrainian military reported it halted Russian advances “in all directions” and that Russian forces have reduced their offensive pace due to demoralization on March 10. “The Ukrainian Air Force and Ukrainian air defenses additionally remain operational. “The Ukrainian General Staff claimed that Ukrainian air defenses and fighters shot down four Russian Su-25 aircraft, two helicopters, and two cruise missiles on March 8 to 9.” In the area, there has reportedly been heavy fighting for control of the main highway leading into Kyiv from the region - the M07. This is also the highway that many Kyiv residents have been using to escape the capital, as it connects the capital with the border of Poland to the northwest. It has also been reported that a huge Russian military convoy stationed outside the capital has been dispersed. US-based Maxar Technologies said satellite images taken on Thursday showed that the 64km long line of vehicles, tanks and artillery has broken up and been redeployed. The company said the images showed armoured units maneuvering in and through the surrounding towns close to the Antonov airport, northwest of Kyiv.  DON'T MISSRussia lays groundwork for chemical attack by using US 'tactics' [INSIGHT]Putin's plan unmasked: Russia's four key targets for Ukraine invasion [ANALYSIS]Have your say: Should Britain open door to ALL Ukrainians fleeing war? [COMMENT] The company also reported that some of the vehicles have moved into forests in the area. The convoy arrived outside of Kyiv last week but was beleaguered by food and fuel shortages. On Wednesday, the ISW said Russian forces “continued concentrating in the eastern, north-western and western outskirts of Kyiv for an assault on the Ukrainian capital in the coming 24-96 hours”. Kyiv Mayor, former boxer Vitali Klitschko, said the capital has now been “transformed into a fortress”. Speaking to Ukrainian television, he said: “Every street, every house … is being fortified. “Even people who in their lives never intended to change their clothes, now they are in uniform with machine guns in their hands.” He also confirmed that half of all residents of Kyiv have now left the city - some two million people. He said: “From our information, one in two Kyiv residents has left the city.”