Now spring is finally here, more gardeners will be thinking about what they can grow in their gardens. Tomatoes are a popular choice among gardeners and are fairly easy to grow from seed, germinating in just a few weeks. Tomatoes can be sown from January through to April. However, those sowing from January to mid-March need to put them in a greenhouse or sow them indoors. From late March to early April, they can be put outside. Squire's Garden Centres have shared their method for growing tomatoes from seed in a video. They said in the video description: “Grow juicy fresh tomatoes at home from seed with an amazing flavour straight from your garden. READ MORE: Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home “Follow our simple guide to growing tomatoes from seed in the garden at home.” Tomato seeds Multipurpose, peat-free compost Pots - either compostable seed pots or equivalent 1. Fill seed pots almost to the top with compost. Compostable pots are an easy way to grow plants from seed as the seedlings can be transplanted into the garden or a larger container/grow bag. The pots break down naturally over time so the entire pot can be put in the soil.  DON'T MISSHow to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [INSIGHT]‘The risk is real’: Monty Don shares warning on Gardeners’ World [UPDATE]Lawn care: The ‘crucial’ mowing trick to avoid lawns diseases [ANALYSIS] However, there are alternatives to buying biodegradable pots. Seedlings pots can be made out of empty paper egg cartons, newspapers or toilet roll tubes. These can all be put into the ground as they are biodegradable. 2. Push a tomato seed into the soil and lightly cover it with compost. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Gardeners can then cover the compost with vermiculite, if they wish. 3. Lightly water the pots, being careful not to drench them. 4. Cover the pots either with plastic or cling film. If the pots are in a tray, these can be covered with a plastic cover. Alternatively, the pot can be covered with a piece of clingfilm to keep the compost moist. 5. Wait for around six to eight weeks for the seeds to sprout.  6. Once the seedlings are around 20cm tall, they can be planted in a grow bag. Alternatively, for those using seed trays, small pots or egg trays, pot on the seedlings when they’re 10cm tall into an individual 7.5cm pot. Once bigger, they can be put in their final planting position. If growing tomatoes on a window sill, turn the pot regularly to prevent them from growing towards the sun. 7. Once in their final position, add a bamboo cane and string to support the plant. 8. Water daily and feed them weekly.