Outlander has been airing on Starz and the second instalment focussed on husband and wife Fergus (played by César Domboy) and Marsali (Lauren Lyle). In Diana Gabaldon's book, A Breath Of Snow And Ashes, the couple feature in an eyebrow-raising moment. Whilst Marsali is in labour with their next child, they take part in an intimate sex scene - but how does it all end for Marsali?  Whilst Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) is acting as Marsali's midwife, the latter finds herself preoccupied with her husband. Jamie (Sam Heughan) and the rest of the family make themselves scarce to avoid embarrassment. Fergus explains how his sexual acts could help induce labour and reduce pain. Fergus and Marsali's interaction has become one of the most memorable scenes from the season. In Gabaldon's sixth book, on which the latest season is based, Marsali and Claire are attacked while tending the malting shed. READ MORE: Outlander season 6: Richard Rankin dissects ‘ridiculous’ Roger scene Later on, Marsali gives birth to her fourth child, a boy named Henri-Christian, who has dwarfism. By October 1774, Marsali and Fergus move from Fraser's Ridge to New Bern. There, they take over a printing shop and start publishing a weekly newspaper. Fans will be pleased to hear that Marsali is still alive in the world of Outlander. She appears in Gabaldon's latest novel titled Go Tell the Bees That I Am Gone. At the end of the last book, Marsali is pregnant with her fifth child. This could be the case for the character later in the TV adaptation. Actress Lyle teased what was in store for her character in the latest season. Speaking to Hollywood Life she said: "We’ve always said we’re like the cool, young couple that don’t fight. "They’re in a much more adult, dark, sort of stressful place, and both going through their own things [in season 6]. DON'T MISS... Outlander season 6, episode 2 cast: Who stars in episode 2? [INSIGHT] Alexander Vlahos age: How old is Outlander’s Allan Christie star? [EXPLAINER] Caitriona Balfe on difficulties of shooting Outlander pregnant [INSIGHT] "Fergus is dealing with mental health and his own sort of demons. "And then Marsali is left to pick up the pieces in many ways. "And also with another kid on the way… I mean, I don’t know how she does it. I couldn’t.” The actress has been praised for her portrayal of Marsali in the latest episode. Taking to Twitter, Mo Nighean Donn said: "Great performance by Marsali in this chapter! "A great brave woman I was very moved! Congratulations." Outlander SoCal said: "Fergus and Marsali appreciation post. I mean. C’mon. "How much do you f******ng love them??!!! @LlaurenLyle and @CesarDomboy are absolute magic together." Teresa shared: "That Marsali #LaurenLyle is one strong beautiful woman!"  Outlander season 6 airs on Sundays on Starz and is available to watch on Starzplay in the UK.