Santos have hit back at Jamie Carragher over his claims that Pele is a "myth" as he declared he doesn't believe the legendary Brazilian striker scored in excess of 1,000 goals during his illustrious career. The Brazilian giants took to Twitter as they leapt to the defence of their club icon, ordering sceptics not to "cry".  The unlikely feud has stemmed following Carragher's tongue-in-cheek comments on the back of Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning hat-trick in Manchester United's 3-2 win over Tottenham last weekend. The Portuguese superstar's exploits saw him reach a total of 807 career goals to create football history. Ronaldo's treble means he has surpassed the previous best of 805 goals set by Czech legend Josef Bican to earn recognition from FIFA as the game's all-time record goalscorer. However, three-time World Cup winner Pele has always insisted he bagged over a thousand goals during his prestigious career. The 81-year-old's claim was previously backed by the book of Guinness World Records in 2013, who credited the forward with 1,279 strikes. Prior to the age of the internet and globalisation, it was deemed difficult to accurately keep track of football data, which has resulted in discrepancies over Pele's official total. JUST IN: Mourinho's brutal Man Utd statement proves Champions League failure According to ESPN, the general consensus is that he scored 757 official first-class goals in competitive games, however, different sources quote varying numbers. The Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation have Pele's tally at 775. On Monday Night Football this week, Liverpool legend Carragher questioned Pele's 1,000-goals claim, before jokingly labelling the Brazil legend a "myth". Fellow Sky Sports pundit Gary Neville stated: “This Pele figure - you’ve got a theory on that haven’t you." DON'T MISS Chelsea boss Tuchel overtakes Pochettino as Man Utd's No 1 target Man Utd star De Gea aims dig at Atletico fans following CL loss Haaland and Mbappe told they couldn't solve Man Utd's current crisis  To which Carragher replied, “I mentioned something in the meeting today. I said Pele’s a bit of a myth - I’m not having this 1,000 goals. So that went down well, calling Pele a myth.” Pele's former team Santos - the club where he spent 19 seasons - have since launched an impassioned defence of their star striker after Carragher's claims saw the debate over his goal tally propelled back into the limelight. The Brazilian giants stated on Twitter: "The King was extremely concerned about the dispute over his greatness and his insurmountable numbers. Don't cry!" - followed by a laughing face emoji. 