Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame online after she started to share clever cleaning tips and tricks. Now with more than 4.4 million followers, her account is more about day-to-day family life. Mrs Hinch fans often share their own advice on dedicated Facebook pages, including how to clean oven racks. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips and tricks Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to clean her oven racks. Pam Fawcett wrote: “Anyone recommend the best way of cleaning these oven racks?” Oven cleaning isn't the most pleasant of household chores. Oven racks tend to be difficult to clean as pieces of food and grease tend to get baked on them. READ MORE: Property: The ‘crucial’ home feature to check when buying a house However, over 1,000 Mrs Hinch fans took to the comments to share their cleaning tips and tricks. The majority of cleaning enthusiasts suggested leaving oven racks on the grass outside. Kelly Chapman said: “Put outside in the grass overnight and just wipe in the morning, no scrubbing required. It works.” Julie Bell commented: “Leave them overnight on the grass, believe me it works.” DON'T MISS: How to remove brown stains from a toilet - 4 ways to shift limescale [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ tip to remove yellow pillow stains [TIPS]Lawn care: The ‘crucial’ mowing trick to avoid lawns diseases [EXPERT] Angela Moore suggested: “Its so easy, leave the racks overnight on the grass and the next morning just rinse them off - it really works.” Susan Phillips said: “There no need to use cleaning products. Just leave your oven racks on the grass outside overnight. It’s free and works incredibly well.” Janine Moss wrote: “Put them on the grass overnight and the grease just falls off.” Michael Rollinson replied: “I can vouch for this, tried and tested and works wonders.” Gemma Clulow added: “Put them on the grass overnight, no scrubbing needed and the next day it just wipes off amazing.” Not only is this cleaning hack free, it also doesn’t require the need to use any harsh chemicals. Other Mrs Hinch fans went down the route of using natural methods to clean their oven racks. The cleaning enthusiasts advised using white vinegar and baking soda together. Nikki Hodgson said: “Cover the rack in baking soda then douse with white vinegar, it’s brilliant.” Alison Young wrote: “Make a paste out of baking soda and white vinegar then apply to the rack. “Leave it for around 30 minutes to one hour and rinse off - the results are amazing.” Cath Evans added: “Baking soda and white vinegar always works for cleaning my oven racks.” The white grains in baking soda are mildly abrasive, which makes it an effective scouring agent without scratching up shiny surfaces. White vinegar’s active ingredient is acetic acid, so it can be used as an effective multi-purpose cleaner. 