To lower your blood pressure, diet will more than often be the driving factor. Over time, excessive salt intake can lead to high blood pressure (hypertension), which stiffens and narrows the blood vessels. Blood and oxygen flow to key organs decreases. So, the heart tries harder to pump blood throughout the body, which further increases blood pressure. What are ten surprising food items high in salt? Diet plays an essential role in lowering or increasing blood pressure. Leading health experts agree that eating too much salt is extremely dangerous for anyone with high blood pressure. Salt makes the body hold onto water and if consuming too much of it means the extra water stored in the body raises the blood pressure. READ MORE: Paracetamol side effects: The warning toilet signs More than 40 percent of the sodium we eat comes from 10 types of food, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). They are: DON'T MISS: Supplements warning: Vitamins 'potentially lead to liver damage' [EXPLAINED]Energy scam warning: Beware of Eon phishing email, warns Which? as pow [NEWS]Prince William makes sweet comment about Kate [INSIGHT] There are several reports that many shop-bought soups contain very high levels of salt. Some reports say soups can have as much salt as “16 bags of crisps”. Research carried out by Consensus Action on Salt & Health (CASH) looked into salt levels in soups sold in the UK and are trying to bring a reduction in the high levels of salt in foods and to educate the public about the dangers of too much salt. CASH found that some soups contained particularly high levels of salt. Overall, 99 percent of the surveyed products contain more salt per portion than a packet of crisps. It was also found that one in four of the surveyed soups still fail to meet the 2010 Food Standard Authority. Adults should eat no more than 6g of salt a day (2.4g sodium) which equates to around one teaspoon. In the UK labels on pre-packed food must say how much salt they contain. Look out for the salt content in the everyday foods you buy and choose lower-salt options. Most pre-packed foods have a nutrition label on the back or side of the packaging. Many foods also display information about the salt content on the front of the packaging.