Saturday Night Takeaway hosts Ant McPartlin and Dec Donnelly returned for another episode of the ITV series, which saw audience members and the public win life-changing prizes. However, as the show went on, many viewers became annoyed at the show and slammed it on Twitter, with some calling the episode "rushed". Ant and Dec opened the show with the fan favourite segment Ring My Bell however, this week, there was a twist. They decided to make it harder for the neighbours and before they were able to run to the front door, they had to bring a random household object. The first was a remote control, the second a toilet roll and the third was an item from the fridge which all three neighbours managed to bring, meaning they won £500 for themselves and their neighbour. Up next was the happiest minute of the week, where they surprised many fans with life-changing prizes such as money and holidays READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one One member was surprised by Jordan North at the cinema where she works and broke down in tears as she couldn't believe she had won. However many viewers began to take to Twitter to express how they felt the show was being rushed. Gavin Evans wrote: "#SaturdayNightTakeaway is losing its appeal, nowhere near as funny as used to be." Sky Burgun commented: "Feel like i'm watching #smtv with #antdec this #SaturdayNightTakeaway gone downhill, unless you have the mentality of a child. It really is immature & unfunny unless you're a kid @itvtakeaway." @Danofthewibble added: "The lack of Ant Vs Dec is probably what’s making these 90-minute shows drag, features going on a bit too long. #SaturdayNightTakeaway." @missimone shared: "#SaturdayNightTakeaway seems really rushed and overly scripted tonight. Wtf Is my life?!." [Sic] However, not all viewers were upset with the show as many were pleased to see the number of celebrity guests they had appearing and commented on how wholesome the show was. Abbie Ball praised: "Can always count of Ant and Dec to cheer me up after a rubbish week! Never fail to make me laugh." DON'T MISS...Stephen Mulhern in health update amid Saturday Night Takeaway absence [INSIGHT]Saturday Night Take Away and Starstruck cancelled in ITV shake-up [LATEST]Saturday Night Takeaway sparks concern as regular host absent [WATCH] Jay Sims applauded: "The fact Ant and Dec have been doing this for YEARS and always have the most amazing energy is beyond me." (sic). Chase the Rainbow saw Wayne win the Takeaway Holiday and he expressed his excitement to host Fleur East. Acting legend Richard E Grant was also involved in the show and he managed to win holidays for three members of the public. The families who were chosen at home had to act out three films which Richard had to guess, including Batman, Baywatch and Harry Potter. As usual, Win the Ads was played by audience member Claire who came with her husband and her sister. During her quickfire question round, Claire managed to answer six questions correctly, meaning six prizes, and the audience at home got a chance to see what she had won. Ant and Dec offered her the chance to take away the six she had one or the chance to play for all 16 prizes, and she decided to play for the jackpot of 16 prizes. Fortunately for Claire, she knew the answer to the questions immediately and won all 16 prizes for her family. Saturday Night Takeaway will return Saturday, March 26 on ITV at 7pm.