A taxi driver in Nottingham left his passenger staggered when he put on a football match to watch while driving him to his destination. An investigation is now underway by the taxi company DG Cars and the driver in question has been suspended. Jez Heald had booked the taxi one evening last week for a local trip and was surprised when the car arrived to see a match being played on the car’s dashboard screen. Mr Heald claims the match stayed on throughout the 10-minute journey, with the volume on loud. He told Nottinghamshire Live: "He didn't switch it off when he started driving, he was going down the road and watching the football match. "It is definitely illegal under the Highway Code.” READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ Mr Heald added: “If he had been parked up waiting for a ride and watching it I could understand, fair enough. “But watching football when you're driving, instantly I thought 'this isn't right'.” Mr Heald said he needed to gather evidence of what was happening and so he started recording the driver from the back seat. He didn't feel comfortable enough to confront the driver about watching the game, so he then contacted DG Cars to inform them about his journey. DON'T MISSDrivers react with fury to city banning petrol and diesel cars [COMMENT]Cheapest place to buy petrol 'to avoid worst fuel price hikes' [INSIGHT]Fears diesel may be rationed after Russian invade Ukraine [SHOCKING] Mr Heald said: "I told them that their driver had just endangered my life. "To watch TV while driving, I was just in disbelief." DG Cars stated drivers should be trained to not do anything to distract them while driving before they start working with the company. A spokesperson for the said: "At DG Cars we work hard to provide a high standard of service to our customers and customer safety is paramount. "All drivers attend training before they start with us that includes safety first. “No eating, using mobile phones, or anything which might distract them from driving." The spokesperson added: “We pride ourselves on being the only Private Hire company in the East Midlands with a Training Department that trains every driver before they start working with us. "The driver in question has been suspended pending a full investigation. It would be unfair for us to comment further whilst this is under investigation. “We would have welcomed a phone call at the time of the incident from the customer in order that we rectify the situation at the time." The offence would fall under driving without due care and attention, under the Road Traffic Act 1988. It is described as: “Driving that falls below the standard expected of a competent driver; or. Driving that does not show reasonable consideration for other persons using the road.” In many cases, driving without due care and attention will result in a fixed-penalty notice (FPN). This usually means three points on your driving licence and a £100 fine, although some police forces may offer a driver education course as an alternative. Other examples are eating or drinking at the wheel, reading a map or adjusting a seating position.