Russia's foreign ministry warned today that the world could face "global collapse" if Ukraine continues to receive lethal aid from abroad. Sergey Lavrov, Russia's Foreign Minister, said western powers sending mercenaries and military equipment to the front lines would be a "catastrophic development". Yesterday, Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab called on world leaders to support Ukraine with "everything from military hardware through to cyber resilience" to prevent a "creeping normalisation" of what Russia is doing in Ukraine. He urged his international counterparts to supply the under-siege nation to prevent "more aggression in the future". While the UK and other Western nations have supported Ukraine, Ukrainian MP Inna Sovsun tells Express.co.uk that more needs to be done to help the country. She called for a no-fly zone above Ukraine, and also lamented "broken promises" from the UK and US. She said: "In 1994 we gave up our nuclear weapons – in exchange we got assurances from the UK and the US that our security will be guaranteed. "That was a written promise from the UK and the US – right now they are breaking that promise. "Imagine Russia does invade Ukraine fully and take control of the country – that would put Russia on the eastern border of the EU and Poland. "Putin has already said he doesn't like Poland, the Baltic countries, Hungary in the EU. He doesn't like Finland's neutrality or Sweden's neutrality. "Does anyone really believe he will stop with Ukraine? He will go further, and then the West will have to intervene." Ms Sovsun was referring to The Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances, which saw Ukraine give up its nuclear weapons while Russia promised not to attack the country. The treaty dictated that countries such as the UK and US should "provide assistance to Belarus, Kazakhstan or Ukraine if they should become a victim of an act of aggression or an object of a threat of aggression in which nuclear weapons are used". Prime Minister Boris Johnson said last week that NATO leaders are not contemplating a no-fly zone as this risks escalation. READ MORE: ‘I will turn you into fertiliser' Defiant warning to Putin troops He said: “I think for any NATO member to get involved actively in conflict with Russia is a huge step which is not being contemplated by any member. “This is a time when miscalculation and misunderstanding is all too possible and it’s therefore crucial that we get that message over. “When it comes to a no-fly zone in the skies above Ukraine we have to accept the reality that that involves shooting down Russian planes … that’s a very, very big step, it’s simply not on the agenda of any NATO country. “We will not fight Russian forces in Ukraine. Our reinforcements like these reinforcements here in Tapa are firmly within the borders of NATO members.” DON'T MISS Russia 'blackmailing Europe' with attack on nuclear facility [INSIGHT] Thank God Boris is playing a blinder - Now let Putin join Stalin  [ANALYSIS] Russia's soldiers ‘giving up’ and abandoning Putin’s war [INSIGHT] A former RAF commander disagrees with Mr Johnson however. Former Air Marshal Greg Bagwell began his career as a fast jet pilot, and was the RAF’s Deputy Commander Operations from 2013 until 2016. Speaking to the PA news agency, Air Marshal Bagwell criticised western leaders for taking a no-fly zone “off the table”. He said: “I completely recognise all the limitations, all the risks, all the potential pitfalls of any action, let alone a no-fly zone. But why take it off the table? It just makes the job of the bad guy easier."