Whether you're a long time green-thumbed houseplant lover or a first-time plant parent, getting to grips with your indoor garden can be difficult. Most houseplants have their own unique set of care instructions, with some preferring more light than others. However, regardless of the species of plant you have, there are a number of natural hacks that can boost the health of your houseplant. According to plant experts from Balcony Garden Web, vinegar could be the key to helping your plants thrive. The kitchen cupboard ingredient might traditionally be used in cooking, but it also has a number of multi-purpose uses, including cleaning your home. And it seems that also can lend a helping hand when it comes to combatting mould, promoting germination and helping your houseplant get more vital nutrients. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares 88p method to clean dusty skirting boards White vinegar can be used to soften the outer shell of seeds. This hard membrane can interrupt the germination process, but the high percentage of acetic acid in the vinegar can break down this outer layer. The vinegar can also help to get rid of any external pathogens on the seedling. DON'T MISSOrchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms [INSIGHT]Houseplants: 3 reasons your soil has turned mouldy [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘one minute’ trick for unblocking plugholes [REVEALED] According to a study conducted at Capiz State University, Capiz, Philippines, vinegar successfully sped up the germination of eggplant seeds. To do this, mix one tablespoon of vinegar in a cup of water. Soak the seeds in this solution for no more than 12 hours. Plant the seeds as you normally would the next day, directly after the seeds have soaked. White mould on plants is most commonly a saprophytic fungus, also known as powdery mildew. This type of mould is a fungal disease which commonly affects various plants and vegetation, and is usually harmless unless it spreads. However, if you want to get rid of it, vinegar provides a perfect natural solution. To do this, mix two tablespoons of vinegar with a gallon of water in a spray bottle. Be sure to shake up the liquid so that the vinegar and water combine. Them, simply spritz over the affected area of the plant. The pH of your soil affects the number of nutrients and chemicals that are available to your plants. While some plants prefer acidic conditions, others like a more neutral or alkaline environment. If your plants are needing more acidity, then vinegar can be your best friend. However, this isn't something you should do all of the time. Overdoing this could actually make the soil too acidic and ultimately kill your houseplant. To benefit acid-loving plants, such as ferns, mix one tablespoon of white vinegar into a litre of water and then water your plant as usual.