Reports suggest Ivano-Frankivsk, a city in West Ukraine, has prepared around 10,000 “bottled napalm” weapons on rooftops. Should Russian armoured columns attack the city, Ukrainian troops and volunteers have set up barricades and will take to the rooftops to hurl homemade bombs on troops. Ivano-Frankivsk has also prepared stinger chains of sharpened metal girder bits, called “hedgehogs”. These will be pulled across cobbled lanes to spike wheeled armoured vehicles before Molotovs are thrown for a “wall of fire”. Sandbagged machine gun positions have also been erected in the city. Ivano Frankivsk has become a hub of the war effort, with up to £10,000 worth of medication, military clothing and food headed for the frontline. Serhill Syvachuk, Chief of HQ for Carpathian Regional Defence, told the Mirror: “So far this area has sent 150 new volunteers to Kyiv to help fight Russian forces. “We've got 10,000 Molotov Cocktails on roofs above our streets ready to go. If they come here, they're not going home. No way. A nightmare is waiting for them here. “Out east our frontline heroes are lions, they are fighting with such courage and spirit and they have stood up to Russia's military, which has been exposed. “It turns out that the devil is not so scary after all it's just pure evil, attacking women and children. Women and children? We will win. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Unhinged Putin vows to attack entire world “We have learned lessons from the front - now local scientists are helping us make better cocktails for Putin's troops. “They will face a wall of fire. They are just cannon fodder. The whole of Ukraine is mobilised against this evil devil. “Where does the Ukrainian spirit come from? They are on our land, threatening our families, women and children- where do you think it comes from? “We are on our own land, Ukraine, that’s where it comes from. We are Ukrainian. “And this so-called might of the Russian army has been exposed. It’s not so strong is it now?” It comes as Kyiv’s mayor Vitali Klitschko said two million people have fled the capital city, around half of its total population. He said on Ukrainian television: “One in two people living in Kyiv has left.” The exodus follows reports Vladimir Putin’s troops have been within a few miles of Kyiv, but footage shows them being forced to retreat. Russian soldiers launched two attacks on Kyiv on Wednesday, one via the besieged western city of Irpin, and another through the eastern district of Brovary. It also comes as Boris Johnson said he predicts Russia is preparing to deploy chemical weapons in Ukraine. The Prime Minister told Sky News: “I make you one other prediction by the way. “The stuff that you’re hearing about chemicals is straight out of [the Russian] playbook. They start saying that there are chemical weapons stored by their opponents or by the Americans. “And so when they, themselves, deploy chemical weapons – as I fear they may – they have a fake story ready to go. “And you’ve seen it in Syria, you saw it even in the UK ... I just note that that is what they’re already doing. It’s a cynical, barbaric government – I’m afraid.”