Gareth Bale was at his sublime best for Wales against Austria to leave Spanish critics red-faced. The former Tottenham star was criticised heavily by members of the media in Spain ahead of Wales' World Cup play-off match win over Austria on Thursday. Bale has barely featured for Real Madrid of late. He has made just four La Liga appearances all season and just once since last August. The 32-year-old was brutally torn apart by Spanish newspaper Marca this week. Bale was called a 'parasite' who had been 'sucking euros' out of Real during his time at the club. Bale will leave Real when his contract expires at the end of the campaign. But he has proven yet again that he still has a unique quality and silenced his critics in the process. READ MORE: Arsenal and Tottenham target Yves Bissouma makes Brighton exit stance clear  Wales are attempting to qualify for a World Cup for the first time since 1958. Austria stood in their way ahead of a clash against either Scotland or Ukraine for a place at Qatar 2022. And after a nervy start for his team, Bale came up with the goods. The winger opened the scoring in the 25th minute with an inch-perfect free kick from fully 25 yards out. Christoph Baumgartner fouled Harry Wilson and the Fulham star wanted to take the set-piece himself. But Bale took control and proved he was right to do so, with Austria goalkeeper Heinz Lindner helpless to stop the ball going in off the bar. Just six minutes after half-time, Bale had scored his second. The strike was equally impressive, firing across goal with his lethal left foot after a well-worked corner from the hosts. Austria pulled one back but Rob Page's side held on for the win.  Former Wales defender Sam Ricketts says there are not many other players who could have scored the free kick that Bale did. Ricketts told BBC Radio 5 Live: "There was no dummy run, 30,000 people knew he was going to take that free-kick. "There could be 10 players in the wall and no matter how many goalkeepers, nobody is saving that. Even if he’s 60 per cent or 70 per cent fit he’s got that level of ability. How many other players in the world could score that goal?" After his second goal, Wales international Sam Vokes said Bale had proved his critics wrong. Vokes said: "What a finish. "Another great finish from Gareth Bale. Questions were asked during the week but he’s turned up again." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 