Barcelona president Joan Laporta has put potential moves for Kylian Mbappe and Erling Haaland in serious doubt with a hint about the club's transfer strategy. The La Liga giants had been expected to be in the race to sign at least one of the two superstars, who will be on the move in the summer transfer window. Mbappe appears all but certain to join Real Madrid when his contract with Paris Saint-Germain ends. But there has been some suggestion that Barca could attempt to steal the French international from under the noses of their fierce El Clasico rivals. If they missed out on Mbappe, Haaland was also an option if Xavi wanted to make a splash in the transfer market. The Norwegian is expected to depart Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season, with many of Europe's top clubs, including Barca, eyeing a move for the striker. Signing a Galatico-type player would certainly help to restore Barca back to their place at the top of European football. But the club's continuing financial issues has seen Laporta hint that the Blaugrana could in fact avoid the race to bring in Mbappe or Haaland altogether. READ MORE: Barcelona's exciting XI if they complete Salah and Lewandowski deals "We are working so that the salary limit that we have, which according to La Liga is negative in a significant amount, to reverse it in order to incorporate players that reinforce the team. We are doing it in parallel, working on the financial issue and obtaining more resources to have the salary margin we need," he told Mundo Deportivo. "At the same time we are working from the sports management to incorporate four or five reinforcements that we think the team needs to be increasingly competitive. We will not carry out any operation that puts the institution at risk. It has been a maxim that we have followed since we became president again." Those comments would appear to signal that big-money transfers could be off the table heading into this summer for Barca. And Laporta has made it clear to any players eyeing a move to the Nou Camp that they may need to cut their wage demands. DON'T MISS: Liverpool ace Mo Salah ‘fixated’ on Xavi and Barcelona amid exit links (NEWS)Arsenal and Chelsea to consider transfer for Barca's Ronald Araujo (TRANSFERS)Liverpool's Salah fears grow, Barca make plans after star 'sent signs' (INSIGHT) "We are going to continue with this philosophy and this criterion, not to put the institution at risk with operations that, not even if we were already healthy, we would. So, you can talk about players, about big-money operations in which Barça is not going to lose its head," Laporta added. "Most of the players want to come to Barça, they like the club, the team, our philosophy, our way of working, of understanding football. And this is good, we are verifying it in many cases and daily. They will have to adapt to Barça's salary levels and to an economic structure of the operation that maintains the sustainability and balance of the club."