Already, the President is alleged to have survived three previous attempts, with reports emerging that Chenchen soldiers were foiled in a recent mission. Both mercenaries of the Kremlin-backed Wagner group and Chechen special forces had been tasked with killing the president in the past few days. Some reports suggest there are over 400 African mercenaries in Ukraine tasked with the mission of taking his life. The rocket shrapnel reportedly landed in the garden of Mr Zelensky. Sasha Yaruchyk, a Twitter user with over 3000 followers wrote: “A spokesman for the President said a fragment of a rocket fell on the yard of the Presidents dacha in Koncha Zaspa.” The claim is yet to be verified by other sources. The Wagner forces are said to have suffered a lot of losses in their bid to eliminate Mr Zelensky, while a source close to the group told the news outlet they found it “eerie” how his security team appeared to be well briefed. READ MORE: Prince Michael returns top Kremlin honour to Russia An elite group of Chechen special forces, known as Kadyrovites, had sought to “eliminate” the Ukrainian leader but were “destroyed” last week, according to Ukrainian National Security and Defence Council chief Oleksiy Danilov. He said in a post on Telegram: “We are well aware of the special operation that was to take place directly by the Kadyrovites to eliminate our president. “I can say that we have received information from the FSB, who do not want to take part in this bloody war, “And thanks to this, the Kadyrov elite group was destroyed, which came here to eliminate our President.” Reports suggest Russia has a “hit-list” of 24 high profile Ukrainians. DON'T MISS:Macron issues grim warning moments after Putin phone call [REPORT]Truss jets to EU TODAY for urgent Putin talks [REVEAL]Michael Heseltine mocks Jacob Rees-Mogg over job [COMMENT] Names include the President, as well as the Klitschko brothers, Vitali and Wladimir. Mr Zelensky spoke out last week to say he was Russian President Vladimir Putin’s “number one target” with the Kremlin seeking to overthrow his government and install a pro-Russian leader. But despite the danger to himself and his family, he vowed to stay and fight for his country. Mr Zelensky has been seen defiantly standing in front of notable buildings in Kyiv amid reports he had fled the country. Many have taken to Twitter to share their fears over an assassination on the President. Kim said: “Zelensky survives three assassination attempts in days. “I think the world has a collective, protective hug around him that Putin cannot penetrate.” Ami said: “Volodymyr Zelensky survives three assassination attempts in days. “I am seriously going to lose it if Putin gets to this guy.” And Paolo Borghello wrote: “I read there are 400 killers after him in Kyiv Macron offered him to help him leave and he answered they need guns not cabs. “This guy has courage!”