The Duke and Duchess of Sussex quit senior royal duties in 2020 for new lives in California before making a series of bombshell claims about the monarchy in their Oprah Winfrey interview. Former BBC royal correspondent Jennie Bond said the Queen Mother would not approve of Harry and Meghan's actions. Ms Bond added that the Queen Mother would have seen Megxit as similar to King Edward VIII giving up royal life for Wallis Simpson. The royal expert told OK! magazine: “In the Queen Mother’s eyes they’d be opening up ancient wounds. "She’d be unbending and unforgiving. “Here’s another prince of royal blood being taken away by an American actress - I think that’s how she would see it. "To her, it would’ve been Wallis Simpson all over again.” Ms Bond added that the Queen Mother would be proud of Prince William and Prince Charles. She said: “More than anyone, she’d be proud of William. “I think he’s shaping up to be such a popular and modern future monarch. READ MORE: 'Prince Harry will live to regret' not supporting Queen at memorial “And she was always proud of Prince Charles and the role that he’s made for himself. "There was such a love between them.” Harry and Meghan quit as working royals in March 2020 for a new life of personal and financial freedom across the pond. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Kate reassured 'overwhelmed' Charlotte at memorial [LIVE BLOG]Harry's biographer attacks him for 'deliberate slight' on family [INSIGHT]Royal expert slams Prince Harry for missing Prince Philip's memorial [VIDEO] They made a series of explosive claims about the Royal Family in their TV interview in March 2021 which plunged the monarchy into crisis, prompting the Queen to respond saying "some recollections may vary". Since ending royal duties, the Sussexes have signed lucrative deals with Netflix and Spotify as they pursue new careers. The couple have settled into their new home in Montecito with their two children Archie and Lili. Harry has returned to the UK twice since Megxit for Prince Philip's funeral last April and the unveiling of a Princess Diana statue at Kensington Palace in July 2021. He faced criticism for skipping the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service at Westminster Abbey on Tuesday. It comes as he is embroiled in a legal battle with the Home Office as he wants to pay for police protection for his family while in Britain. 