Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal will have an old roadblock in their way to Grand Slam glory this year according to Stan Wawrinka. The Swiss ace has returned after more than a year sidelined with a foot injury and warned the top players that he felt he could still beat them. Wawrinka played his first match in over a year at the Marbella Challenger on Tuesday. The former world No 3 is being joined by another Grand Slam champion making his injury comeback at the event - Dominic Thiem. A day after turning 37, the three-time Major champion lost a tough opening match to 6-2 6-4 Elias Ymer but ahead of his comeback fired a warning to his old rivals Djokovic and Nadal, who he beat to win his three Grand Slam titles. While it was a defeat in his first official match, Wawrinka took some positives from a practice match he played against Thiem and won 7-6 6-4. "I see that I still have in me what it takes to be able in the future if things go well in the other areas [physical and tennis], to hang on against the best and win matches," the current world No 232 told Le Matin. "I’m not where I want to be in terms of fitness yet, but my body allows me to push three-four hour training days." JUST IN: Novak Djokovic 'stronger than ever' before Monte-Carlo Masters return  Speaking about his victorious practice match with his fellow former world No 3, Wawrinka continued: "There with Thiem, it was two hours of high intensity and the level was there, now we will have to do it in matches, repeat it day after day – this is the goal for the next few weeks, see how the foot reacts in competition, as emotions cause the body to behave differently." While the 16-time title winner sounded confident he could get back to beating the best players, he admitted his foot would likely never be 100%. "My foot is doing well overall. Zero pain? It doesn’t exist especially at my age, but I can train the days without these pains that wear mentally," he said. "I’m happy to be here, it’s a small success but already a real one. I will be able to answer this question better this summer, this is where I will really see where I am." DON'T MISSDjokovic 'won't have sponsorship issue' as his brother speaks outMedvedev told 'focus on third goal' with Russian not on Djokovic levelOsaka hits back at Tsitsipas' suggestion about women's tennis   The former world No 3 will be back in action on the main ATP Tour in Monte Carlo, where he is a former champion. While Nadal will be out with injury for the first couple of clay season tournaments, Djokovic will be playing just his second event of the season at the Monte Carlo Masters 1000. Wawrinka has more than enough experience in beating the two titans of the sport, downing Djokovic on the Parisian clay to win the French Open title in 2015 and beating him again in a Major final to win the 2016 US Open. His first Grand Slam title came at the 2014 Australian Open, where Nadal was his victim in the final.