Former Coronation Street stalwart Dame Maureen Lipman is known for her abrupt humour and for freely giving opinions on things she dislikes. She has recently quit Channel 4 series Gogglebox after she felt they weren't airing her jokes as she appeared alongside broadcaster, writer and former politician Gyles Brandreth. Now she has opened up about what she watches on TV when she is at home and has slammed BBC's The Repair Shop for being too "lachrymose" as the series have gone on. Maureen revealed that she "hates" cookery programmes and was appalled when a Nigella Lawson programme aired after Ukrainian news. "I hate cookery programmes," she told Radio Times. "The other night, the news from Ukraine was absolutely heinous. "And then the television changed from the news… and it’s Nigella. Obviously, this isn’t Nigella’s fault, I’m just thinking, 'This is so inappropriate'." She went on to speak about her new role in ITV's DNA Journey with Rula Lenska and why she decided to agree to appear in the show. READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith "I didn’t really want to do it because I’m prejudiced against what I call weeping documentaries. Even The Repair Shop, which I used to love, has gone completely lachrymose. "And also because I knew that Rula was a Countess, whereas I was from some dismal shtetl. As it happened, it turned out to be one of the nicest things I’ve ever done." The new show follows a group of celebrities as they are given a specialist insight into their lives. Viewers can watch as Maureen and other famous faces use the latest in innovative science and technology to trace their ancestry. Maureen has claimed that she has given up her role on Celebrity Gogglebox after she alleged that the show bosses didn't like her jokes. She appeared on the show alongside Gyles after she replaced Dame Sheila Hancock in 2020 for season two. She explained to Radio Times that she imagined the producers wanted her for her "wit and brain" and exclaimed that she and Gyles were "really funny" together. However, when it came to their segments airing, a lot of the jokes the pair made together had been edited out, which left Maureen upset. DON'T MISS...Maureen Lipman fumes as BBC airs Nigella Lawson show amid Ukraine news [INSIGHT]‘F*** them!’ Maureen Lipman hits out at Gogglebox after show exit [WATCH]Maureen Lipman fumes 'we're in the age of woke!' [WATCH]  It is likely that Gyles will continue to appear on the show, but now alongside a new friend on the couch. This isn't the first time that Maureen has had an issue with Gogglebox after she complained she was being subjected to unsightly vision of genitalia whilst watching the dating show Naked Attraction. She hit out at the show last year and said: "They’re not really interested in our opinions on what they’re giving us. "I’d seen Gogglebox, and I thought, ‘Oh, [ours] is the grown-up version, is it?' But it’s your reaction to 12 dangling willies they want. They’re searching for ways to make me go: 'Urgh!' “So I thought, 'Well, actually, no, life is too short to watch a series of hopeless men dangle their bits and pieces in my direction. So I’m going'." Gyles agreed at the time, saying: "Some of the things that Maureen has said are Oscar-winning funny. But what do they use? Us yawning!" The celebrity version of the Channel 4 show is currently in its third season, and Maureen's departure won't be the only partner change on the show. Denise Van Outen will appear alongside somebody new in the new series after her ex-fiancé Eddie Boxhall was dumped from the programme after their split. Gogglebox series 1-3 is available to watch on All4.