Hypertension is an acknowledged major risk factor for cardiovascular disease and death in both men and women. The condition usually develops over time and can happen because of unhealthy lifestyle choices, such as not getting enough regular physical activity. Fortunately, there are a few methods to help lower your reading naturally. Garlic is a good source of vitamin C and vitamin B6 and a healthy way to add flavour to your meals. It has been hypothesised that garlic may help lower blood pressure in part by stimulating the production of nitric oxide. This is a compound that plays a key role in the widening of your blood vessels. READ MORE: Pfizer vaccine: Musculoskeletal tissue and nervous system disorders reported in document In a study published in the National Library of Medicine, garlic to help lower blood pressure in hypertensive individuals was further analysed. The research looked at the Medline database for randomised controlled trials published between 1955 and December 2013 on the effect of garlic preparations on blood pressure. Over 20 trials with 970 participants showed a decrease in systolic blood pressure and a decrease in diastolic blood pressure compared with placebo. “Garlic has immunomodulating effects by increasing macrophage activity, natural killer cells, and the production of T and B cells,” noted the study.  “Clinical trials have shown garlic to significantly reduce the number, duration, and severity of upper respiratory infections.” It concluded that garlic supplements have the potential to lower blood pressure in hypertensive individuals, to regulate slightly elevated cholesterol concentrations, and to stimulate the immune system. “Garlic supplements are highly tolerated and may be considered as a complementary treatment option for hypertension, slightly elevated cholesterol, and stimulation of immunity.” In another study published in Hypertension Research, time-released garlic powder tablets to lower both systolic and diastolic blood pressure in men with mild to moderate hypertension was investigated. The double-blind, placebo-controlled trial looked at the hypotensive action of time-released garlic powder tablets compared with that of regular garlic pills in 84 men with mild or moderate arterial hypertension. The study’s results showed that time-released garlic powder tablets are more effective for the treatment of mild and moderate arterial hypertension than are regular garlic supplements. Other healthy ways to help lower your reading include: