Ranvir Singh has shared her thanks with her followers after their support for her health issue. She’d issued a plea for advice earlier in the week about her sore eyes, as she shared an update on what was going on. Ranvir had even had to leave Good Morning Britain early on Tuesday due to the issue. She had been appearing on the show with Richard Madeley and Susanna Reid before saying she had to leave. At the time, Richard had offered his sympathy to her about the painful condition. He told her: “Hey, credit to you. You've got the worst hay fever I think I've ever seen.”  Ranvir replied: “I don't know what's going on. That's why I look like this today.” Now, a few days on, Ranvir has shared an update on her condition and when she will be back on screens. Posting to her 108,000 followers, Ranvir wrote: “Thanks for all the guidance on my streaming sore eyes this week! “It was an allergic reaction to something more than tree pollen as the skin around my eyes has gone paper-thin and sore :(.  “Anyway, I’ll be hosting @lorraine tomorrow and for all of next week - sorry for my face.” Following her update, many fans shared their support for the broadcaster. Al Gardiner wrote: “Just glad you are feeling better Ranvir I know someone who went through the same thing glad you are feeling better love.” A fan named Lisa replied: “Could still be hey fever my eyes are like that at times. (sic) DON'T MISS... Richard Williams ‘doesn’t condone’ Will Smith Oscars slap [INSIGHT]Chris Rock breaks silence following Oscars altercation with Will Smith [VIDEO]Venus Williams suffers wardrobe malfunction during Oscars ceremony [PICTURES]   “Put some petroleum jelly on your eyelids x.” User LouiseForever31 added: “No need to apologise great to have you back and feeling better.” While Alan Robertson simply wrote: “Get well soon.” Ranvir had initially thought the issue was down to hay fever after a high pollen count in her area.  She shared her thoughts on March 29, calling it the “most painful” stinging sensation. Ranvir penned: “Anyone else got the worst most painful stinging hay-fever they’ve ever had? “I can barely keep my eyes open. “If there was a vaccine for this I’d sign up asap :(.” 