Over the last few weeks, Russian troops, under orders from Vladimir Putin, have carried out a violent incursion on Ukrainian territory. Despite claims from Putin's foreign secretary Sergei Lavrov that Russia did not attack the sovereign nation, thousands of civilians have died in the onslaught. Millions more have fled, with those coming to the UK offered one avenue across the English Channel and another in the works, but experts fear neither will help refugees as they should. Boris Johnson's Government has boasted a "world-leading" response against Russia as a key player in the NATO military alliance. Officials have supplied the defending military with guns, technology, and training and joined other western nations in issuing sanctions. But the Prime Minister's Home Secretary Priti Patel has come under fire for providing a comparatively limited set of options for those whose homes Russian bombs have stripped away. There is currently only one active avenue to the UK for escaping Ukrainians via the Ukraine Family Scheme, though a second is in the pipeline. Express.co.uk speaks to an expert as to how these might work in practice. READ MORE: Putin ‘more likely’ to use battlefield nukes than ballistic missiles  The Ukraine Family Scheme reunites "family units" by approving visa applications for refugees who have relatives in Britain. Those who receive approval from the Government following a lengthy and complex application process can live, work and receive benefits in the UK. Only 1,000 people have successfully entered the UK using the scheme, which requires them to submit all manner of evidence and biometric data via in-person visa application centres (VACs). The application process goes online from March 15, but experts aren't convinced the migration - designed to ease the process - will do what the Government intends. The Government also plans to launch a parallel sponsor scheme for Ukrainian refugees. Speaking from Prime Minister's Questions on Wednesday, Boris Johnson said the scheme would come "in a few days" and provide another route to the UK for those fleeing the Russian conflict. Rather than relying on family members, the alternative would allow Britons to sponsor refugees. But British bureaucracy stands to render this route ineffective as well. Ms Stokes said: “Under the local sponsor scheme, we understand that Ukrainians who are unable to apply under the family permit route will essentially be sponsored by a charity, business or community group to live and work in the UK. “Whilst this is likely to be welcomed by those ineligible under the family route, I don’t expect this to be a quick fix to the issue. "Organisations will initially need to apply to become a sponsor, and then the process of matching them with individuals will take time. "There will also remain the practical difficulties of obtaining the visa once a match is found.”