Members of the Royal Family will gather for a service of thanksgiving for the late Duke of Edinburgh, on March 29. The service, which will honour the life of the Queen’s beloved late husband, Prince Philip, will be held at Westminster Abbey. According to a royal commentator, Harry could be set to make a solo trip to Britain to pay tribute to the memory of the Duke of Edinburgh, despite his ongoing row over security with the Home Office. Royal expert Ingrid Seward claims Harry could make a “quite low key” appearance to what is a “celebration of life” for his grandfather. When asked if Harry is likely to return to British soil for the occasion, the Editor in Chief of Majesty Magazine said “of course”, before adding that Harry and Philip shared a close bond. Ms Seward went on to claim that if Harry were to make a return to the UK, it would likely be without his wife and children in tow in order to “not divert attention”. She told Express.co.uk: “He loved his grandfather and without Meghan, he can be quite low-key and would not divert attention, and a memorial is a celebration of life, not a sad occasion.” Prince Philip died at Windsor Castle on April 9 and his funeral took place at the nearby St George's Chapel just over a week later. Since quitting royal duties and moving to America, Prince Harry has only returned to the UK on two occasions and never with his family in tow. Last year, the Duke of Sussex returned to Britain to attend the funeral for the late Duke of Edinburgh. READ MORE: Queen's meeting with Justin Trudeau 'gives hope' for Jubilee His grandfather's funeral was restricted to close family and friends due to Covid restrictions in place at the time. Just 30 guests attended the sombre occasion. Due to social distancing measures in place at the time, the Queen famously was forced to sit alone at the Abbey while grieving her husband whom she has famously referred to as her “strength and stay”. Following the Duke of Edinburgh’s funeral, Harry is understood to have returned to Frogmore Cottage - the property he and wife Meghan were gifted by the Queen following their 2018 wedding. This was in line with Covid rules in force at the time, which stated that people travelling to the UK must isolate for 10 days. DON'T MISS Comedian who mocked Philip after his passing speaks of 'death threats' [REPORT] Camilla health fears as fans spot worrying sign: 'She's shaking!' [INSIGHT] Queen to be joined by international guests in major show of support [REVEAL] It is understood that he was allowed to attend the funeral on compassionate grounds, but the rules stated he must remain in isolation "at all other times". As there are no current restrictions in place, Harry attending such an important event, particularly one which will honour his beloved grandfather should be an easier feat. However, there is speculation that Harry’s ongoing legal battle with the UK Government over security measures may impact any potential visits to Britain. In January, a legal representative for the Duke of Sussex announced that he was challenging a decision by the Home Office not to allow his family police protection when he is on UK soil. Within the statement, Harry’s lawyer claimed he “inherited a security risk at birth, for life” which necessitated the need for such security measures. The Sussexes received taxpayer-funded police protection when they were working royals but lost this when they stepped back in March 2020. However, the Duke of Sussex reportedly brought his own private security team to the UK with him for Philip’s funeral last year – a move he could undertake again later this month if making the trip for the service. According to The Telegraph, his security team are understood to have travelled with him on a British Airways flight from Los Angeles to London Heathrow. They are said to have been met at the airport by personal protection officers from Scotland Yard.