Power Book IV: Force is the latest spin-off to come from the Power franchise and fans have remained hooked each week to gain insight into Tommy Egan’s (played by Joseph Sikora) journey in Chicago. As the thrilling Starz crime series draws closer to the finale, viewers should expect a delay as the show reaches its end.  Viewers were first introduced to Tommy in the original series of Power where he was known as the hot-head business partner and self-proclaimed brother to James ‘Ghost’ St Patrick (Omari Hardwick). The two were best friends from childhood and distributed drugs across the New York streets into adulthood. As well as becoming feared kingpins, the two killed enemies together and were known to be side by side throughout their business affairs. Their brotherhood came to a shocking end in Power’s season six finale, when Ghost was shot dead by his son Tariq St Patrick (Michael Rainey Jr) and Tommy was forced to flee New York after faking his own death. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn With his relocation to Chicago, Tommy has fallen into old habits and returned to the streets to make quick money. Viewers will know this didn’t come without trouble as he clashed with the well established and seasoned gangsters already dominating the city. He had even been warned by Walter Flynn (Tommy Flanagan) to leave Chicago after threatening to ruin business for his drug organisation. Tommy even teamed with the head of the CBI crew Diamond (Isaac Keys) who had just finished a 15 year stretch in prison. Although he was able to impress Diamond, their partnership didn’t last long as the felon’s younger brother Jenard Sampson (Kris D. Lofton) consistently aired his disapproval for Tommy. While the New Yorker aimed to go at it alone, things threatened to become dangerous after getting into business with both Walter’s children. Victor Flynn (Shane Harper) who resented his father was the heir of his empire and worked with Tommy to repair relations his Walter had ruined. While Claudia Flynn (Lili Simmons) was consistently undermined by her father because she was a woman and teamed up with Tommy to carve out her own path. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected me' [INSIGHT]Power Book 4’s Diamond star teases return in season 2 ‘Curious’ [INSIGHT]Power Book 4 Force's Tommy Flanagan star 'confirms' scope for spin-off [INSGHT] With viewers seven episodes into the season, the show will go on a definite hiatus before it reaches the finale. This is to be expected as the original series and the other spin-offs in the franchise also undergo a number of delays per season. Thankfully for fans, this week’s eighth episode titled ‘He Ain’t Heavy’ will hit the screens in its regular time slot, before the break. However, there will be a one week break before its ninth instalment. While the series has yet to confirm why the episode will be delayed, it’s likely they could be building anticipation for its finale. Fans can expect season one to end on a huge cliffhanger as Tommy has already been able to make some major enemies who will undoubtedly seek revenge. Thankfully for viewers, Power Book IV: Force was confirmed to be renewed for a second season, to see more of Tommy’s shenanigans. If it follows in the steps of the current instalment, season two will land on screens in February 2023. It’s not all bad news as this year fans can look forward to the release of Power’s other spin-offs, Power Book II: Ghost and Power Book III: Raising Kanan. Power Book IV: Force is available on Starz in the USA and on Starzplay in the UK. 