Cleaning guru Mario McKnight, aka Cleaning with Mario, shares his hacks and tips on his Instagram account where he boasts almost 150k followers. He keeps his home, decorated in grey hues, is always spick and span. The cleaning influencer, who inspires envy with his tidy home on his account @cleaning_with_mario, discussed one of his major hacks for the bathroom. How does Mario tackle one area, often the bane of cleaners, the shower screen? Shower screens can be tricky to clean, with the clear glass attracting smudges and watermarks. READ MORE: How to clean grout: Cleaning guru's secret weapon - 'it’ll bring it up like new' Mario detailed the "best" product for tackling a glass shower screen. Mario told Express.co.uk: "The best product for a shower screen is the Cream Bleach Cleanser from the brand Astonish." Astonish's Cream Cleaner Bleach costs £1.19 from the brand but may be less from other outlets, and is vegan and cruelty-free. Mario went on: "This product is my go-to. It leaves no beading of watermarks and removes any mould. DON'T MISSFive daily cleaning jobs to leave your home sparkling [HOUSEWORK] £1 trick to clean grease from the oven and remove greasy stains [PRODUCT] Combination for cleaning a shower door to leave screen sparkling [EXPERT] "It's simple yet so effective! My holy grail of a product." How do you use the product? Astonish said: "Apply with a damp cloth or sponge and warm water. "Rub gently and leave for one to five minutes. Wipe with a clean damp cloth or rinse with clean water." The brand warns not to use the product on painted or varnished surfaces, worn enamel, Formica, linoleum, silver and gold fittings, aluminum, damaged appliance enamel, wallpaper, and wood. Tips to keep your shower screen clean Another cleaning guru Cleaning Fairy Godmother, aka Jen Needham, detailed her method to tackle a dirty shower screen to Express.co.uk recently. She advised mixing vinegar and washing up liquid together. Jen said: "The best combination for cleaning up a dirty shower door is to mix a tablespoon of vinegar and washing up liquid. "Add it to a 750ml spray bottle too with water."