Mick Schumacher’s crash has left Haas in a big spot of bother ahead of the Australian Grand Prix on April 10. Schumacher was involved in a horror accident during Saturday's qualifying in Saudi Arabia after colliding with the track side at a speed of 170mph. The German was then airlifted to hospital but was then fortunately discharged and given the all clear. Despite escaping any real injury, Schumacher’s car was not so lucky and his team could well be set to pay up to £760,000 in repairs, while they also face a race against time to get the machine ready for the Australian Grand Prix. Speaking about the damage, team principal Guenther Steiner revealed the chassis and engine seem to have survived the crash, however his team still faces paying a hefty bill. He told The Race: “The chassis itself doesn’t seem to be broken. “The side impact structure is, but you can change them. Obviously we need to do a proper check on the chassis but it looks not too bad, to be honest. The engine also, I was told from Ferrari, seems to be okay. The battery pack as well. And then all the rest is broken.” JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton's ability questioned as Mercedes star told he's 'never had to push' Discussing the cost he added: “I think the cost is still pretty high because all the suspension is gone, except the front-left, I think there’s still something on there. The rest is just like carbon powder. I don’t know money-wise but with these cars, between gearbox, the whole bodywork is gone, radiator ducts are gone, so it’s between half a million and a million I would say.” Formula 1 rules do state that teams are able to recover some of the costs from crash damages from their budget cap, however Steiner admitted his team can not afford many more accidents of this magnitude without it affecting their funds. On the budget cap rule he said: “There is a nominal amount but in a racing team you never could stick to a budget like in a normal commercial business. DON'T MISSWolff denies 'arm twisting' afterHamilton led Saudi driver revoltGeorge Russell details Mercedes' biggest issue after Saudi Arabia GPChristian Horner explains Red Bull concern which may affect Verstappen “Because you have this risk, you have got obviously a contingency in there. But if you have two or three like your contingency is pretty quickly not a contingency anymore, it’s a loss.So you just need to manage. Obviously, I hope we don’t have a lot more of them.” Despite Schumacher’s crash there was still some good news for Steiner and Haas in Saudi. The German’s teammate Kevin Magnussen secured his team points for the second successive week, as he battled to a respectable ninth place finish in Sunday’s race.