A Place In The Sun star Laura Hamilton was told to “slow down” after attending a yoga session. The 39-year-old gave her 153,000 Instagram followers an update from her car after her morning activities today. She recorded herself as she made her way back home after dropping her children off at school, before attending a yoga class and having a massage in the morning. In the clip, shared to her Instagram Story, Laura confessed that she did not find it easy to “switch off”. Laura looked energised as she asked her followers: “Hey! How are you all doing? “Look at me, I look like I have just got out of bed, but I haven’t because I dropped the children off at school and then I came to a yoga and massage session at somebody’s house - a lady that had been recommended to me. She continued: “I’m not someone that switches off and relaxes very easily. “In fact, she told me that I needed to slow down when I talk because I talk too quickly. “But I just had the most amazing yoga and massage session. Feeling relaxed. “And now heading back home to the building site.” It comes after Laura recently split from husband of 13-years, Alex Goward. She announced the news in January in a social media post, leaving many fans in shock. The pair share two children, son Rocco, eight, and daughter Tahlia, six. Laura confirmed the break-up news on Instagram, alongside a quote which read: "Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." DON'T MISS...Strictly's Motsi Mabuse unleashes fury on Ukraine remarks [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden suffers blunder as she flashes legs in skintight dress [PICTURES]James Jordan and Shirley Ballas row over reaction to Ukraine crisis [INSIGHT] She wrote: "This isn’t something I ever thought I’d be saying but, after 13 years of being together Alex and I have separated. "Our children are and always will be our number one priority and we would respect privacy for our family at this time." As well as blocking fans from commenting on the post, Laura deleted all pictures of her former partner from her account. In a recent interview with Hello! magazine Laura said she was "overwhelmed with sadness" following the separation. She explained: "It was a chapter of my life that I am now closing, and I have so many happy memories. "I am very much someone who believes in focusing on the future, not having regrets, and I want to be positive for my children." Laura also clarified that the decision to separate had been mutual and said that she and Alex were on "different paths". The TV star added that the happiness of the former couple's children is their priority.