Firefighters were called to the Braemar Lodge Hotel in Aberdeenshire after receiving reports of a shed on fire at the property in Ballater, northeast Scotland. Fire crews were alerted to the blaze at around 7.45 am on Wednesday morning.  Several fire engines were dispatched to the scene, where the fire had affected another nearby building. The extent of the damage to the hotel is not yet clear, but hotel guests have been evacuated. No casualties have been reported. A Scottish Fire and Rescue Service spokesperson said: “We were alerted at 7.45am on Wednesday, March 16 to reports of a shed on fire at Glenshee Road, Braemar, Ballater.  “Operations Control mobilised six fire appliances, one height vehicle and one water carrier to the scene where the fire is affecting a nearby commercial building. “Firefighters are currently still at the scene and there are no reported casualties at this time.” The fire has impacted a local school, which has said online learning will take place for pupils on Wednesday. Aberdeenshire Council said it hoped Braemar Primary School would reopen its doors to students on Thursday. READ MORE: RAF emergency: Typhoon jet forced into U-turn after emitting ‘squawk’ Andrew Bowie, MP for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine, praised the emergency services for their rapid response to the fire breaking out. He expressed his sympathy for all those affected by the blaze. He tweeted: "Shocked to hear of an explosion at Braemar Lodge this morning. "Massive thanks to @fire_scot and @Scotambservice who are on scene and thoughts with everyone affected." DON'T MISS: PMQs LIVE: Raab to clash with Rayner after Boris forced to leave UK [LIVE] POLL: Should UK sign Saudi oil deal rather than using own reserves? [VOTE] Snow map: Exact dates snow will fall next week [MAP]  Police confirmed at 11 am that authorities were still on site to tackle the fire. A nearby road, the A93 Glenshee Road, has been shut by police.  Temporary diversions are in place. A police spokesperson told the Daily Record: “Emergency services are in attendance following a fire at a hotel on Glenshee Road in Braemar which was reported around 7.50am on Wednesday, March 16.  “The occupants of the hotel have been evacuated and no one has been injured. “The A93 Glenshee Road is closed at Braemar and local diversions are in place.” The historic hotel dates back to 1870, when it was used as a shooting lodge during the Victorian era. 