Ukraine MP Dymtro Gurin has hit out at Germany in very strong terms over the reluctance of Berlin to halt the purchase of Russian supplies gas on which the German economy relies. Mr Gurin spoke to Express.co.uk by phone from the heart of the Ukrainian capital Kyiv which is currently at risk of encirclement by invading Russian troops. Mr Gurin told Express.co.uk: "It's a very simple story. "Germany has to understand that buying Russian gas they're financing the mass murder. "That's a very simple sorry. "Germany and not other European countries, they are afraid they will not get gas and because they fear their financing mass-murdering." Australia, Britain, Canada and the United States have imposed outright bans on Russian oil purchases following Moscow's invasion of Ukraine, but 27 members of the European Union remain divided. Poland and the Baltic states are in favour of the restrictions, but Germany has warned against decisions that could further increase energy prices and cause an economic recession, while Hungary is against. An EU embargo would require unanimous approval from all 27 member states. Germany has already reduced its exposure to Russian energy supplies, with Russian oil accounting for 25 percent of total imports, down from 35 percent before the invasion, Economy Minister Robert Habeck said on Friday. Germany's economy ministry wants the country's dependence on Russian oil to be halved by the summer, Der Spiegel magazine reported on Friday. Before Russia invaded Ukraine but was amassing troops, EU policymakers began in December to work on new sanctions and presented a first list of possible measures to EU countries in January. It avoided most energy imports because of the EU's dependency on Russian fossil fuels, especially gas and oil. But it included a ban on coal, two European diplomats familiar with the plan told Reuters on condition of anonymity. DON'T MISSAs invasion goes awry, what will Russia do next? [ANALYSIS]A look at Vladimir Putin's inner circle [INSIGHT]The 4 countries standing behind Russia [EXPLAINER] The aim was to show Moscow the EU was serious about energy sanctions, which are the most divisive because they directly hit the EU economy as well as the Kremlin, one of the officials said. The measure would also have been in line with EU climate policy, which has long targeted coal as among the most polluting energy sources that must be phased out. But Germany, the EU country most reliant on coal imported from Russia, objected, the officials said. In 2020, Berlin was by far the EU's largest importer of coal from Moscow, especially thermal coal used to generate electricity, data from the EU think tank Bruegel based on statistics from Eurostat show.